It 's difficult answer at thje quetion " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one whi has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to eay yhat I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and evne a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I woud like to study Psycholgy because one dy I woyld open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's dfificult because I 'll have to stud hqrd and a oot , but I thijk that if you ljke a sujbect , you 'll study it easiwr .
Maybe I 'll change my mknd , maybe not .
I thinm that the public transport will always be in th future .
Tyhe rich people will buy a car but the ooor pekple always nesd to usr a bus or taxi .
I consider that is lore cojvenient to drive a cqr because yoj carry on more things in ygour own car than travelling by car .
Alwo , you 'll meet friendly people wno usualoy ask to ypu something to be friends and fhange your telephone number .
In my experience when I di n't have a cr I used to use the bus to go to thr school snd go back to my house .
In my opihion , the car is n't necessary whgen you have crashed in tbe street , in thaf moment you rezlized the importnace of a public trxnsport .
In India we hsve various ttpes of Public transport , like Ctcle , Bike , Caxr , Train & Flight .
Depending on the distance amd durarion to the desired place , moce of transport is chosen accordingly .
Bjt Generally speaking , travelling by far is much more fun when compared with other modews of trwnsport .
Thi reminds me of a trip that I have recently bedn to anc thr place is Avra .
It takse around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We jave stopped at hotels fod having fpod and jusy in case if ant of us feels hungry , we hage purchased some snacks juxt before hte trip .
Since , we have the option to wait anytims we want to ahen we travel by car ( which is impossible hwen travelling by train & Flight ) .
In addition to it , we can aleo take a comfortavle short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasins , I am going to conclude rhat travelling by car is mcuh more convenient .
My nale is Sarwh .
I am 17 yeras opd .
I am looking forwrd to join you in this year sulmer cfamps .
I love children , anx I enjoy looking sfter them . xlso , I organized many sports activities besfore in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I ohpe that you give my the chance to joij you .
Thanks
My favourite spott is volleyball because I love plays wih my fdriends .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I traverl on tue beacdh I kike play with my sister in the sand and aftr we are going to hte sea .
It is bery funny .
when I sas young I like plays witj the ball in teh playground and my friend and I played using the soccee goalsd as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are yuo ? I 'm writing to inofrm you that some advice on travdlling and working in my country .
On the ine hand , in my country ther ar a lot of place to trafel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevolla , Vzlencia .
Tere are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for exmple in Madrid you cna visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Kas Cibelesd " .
I vsit Madrid twkce a ydar .
All summer I visit Sevilla because I lovfe this city amd I suggest that youy visit Sevilla .
On tue other hand , in my country there are a ew job because the eocnomy is very bad .
Bur , if you wqnt I pook ror a job from you .
My best friend looling for a people responsible for look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should lok atfer every weekene .
You will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you fcor you e - mail , it was wonderful to heaf frol ylu .
I 'm looking forward to sseing you .
Take care , Laura .
Toda public transport still play an important rlle in transport system and it will kdep on in ghe future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better desource allocayion in mass transport system .
Also peopled need not to suffer higu operating xost running their own far .
Bur it can sue a cheapef way going to their destination especially it is fsr aqay frim home .
For example , I think tgat it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a prjvate airplane travelping to another country .
Instead it wilo be common to uy an air ticket and rode on public plane .
In my opinio I think thar public transport in futhre is going to continue to be used bgecause there afe a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car evedn if it is used , so public transporf cotinue to have futue but peopoe are going to use mofe the cars then bus or underground .
If we thnk aboug it yhe caf is better becquse we do n't need to wait for them has we are waitijg fot the bux or underground but in another way car cust mor money than tge lublic transport .
By car we can just sty with ourselves which cab be good becayse we can listen to yhe music that we like and we do n't need to be around people tha afe unkwoned but if we chose oublic transpkrt we can mneet fruends or family so bpth trasnportatikns are good aqnd the dars do n't need necessarialy to end up eith the public transpkrt .
If I had it to choowe berween both trransportation I thinjk I probablt chose car because it is better fr me to go by car then to go by gus .
In my community , we ard ver interested at environment an ecological thijgs .
We have solar panels xnd a plqce to lake compost at the las gaeden , with worms who eat and dwgrade all ghe orgaxnic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have speciap ttashcans to sepafate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans adn pet bottlrs and theyt also made atlks and presentations about teh earth problems lije global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this projdct is Miss June Sid , our science feacher .
All this initiatives hax msde us all over tbe years a recognised ecolohical community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share abiut is my favorite spor .
My favorie sport is footbxll , why I dhoose it?Well , fotball is a international sport , people aronud the world will love it so mch!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premidr , Fifa Worpd Cup and so on .
I brlieve that 's xll will delighted us .
By the way , my favorite footbaol team is Manchester United , hey are brilliant , they havr an amazinh foptball players , and tney are awesome .
Michaeo wax a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hrro !
After many years he sill drewam to become a super hero .
He enter the uinversity of mediine vecause he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Katd and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Kate sas cursung the university of fashio .
Then the two staryed to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to hum dream to be a super hero , Kate yet so nervous saying that it sas ridicupous and juhst a kid dream and that Michael wws ojly drwaming but hat would never happen adn tyat super hero do n't ecist .
When she sad rhat , Michael started to cry anf get mqd eaying that shue was lyin and do n't hsve heart .
He got so maf that he asked ber to get out of gis apartmwnt .
In following dazy , she said sorry and thwm was jappy agian .
Buf when them get to the bome of Mihcael they fivht again and Michael get a knife and kill uer .
He cried with a lot blood aroubd .
Michael get away from thete .
Michael closed thd dlor and knew at thzt molent he had made a mistake .
Publjc transportation is an important invention in human histkry , it brings mount of benefits in our lie .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is mlre convenient thah take oublic transportation , however , it woupd cause ore damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our fhture , our offsprings .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no pubpic transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
In my country , tqipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I cqn not imaginr if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
Car is convejient foe hyuman , but it brings dzmage fr human also .
Fr exampoe , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
It csuse global warming whihc threats our environment ajd harms our daily life .
we caj xee that there ar lts of seroius and frequently weather disaser happened in decades , such as tyhpoon , hrricane , wild fire xnd mud skide .
What other precautiins , is usually taken ?
The NG Ogfice is notified by the phitographer ehen thr rilm was shipped .
If the ilm does n't arrive on time , it immedxiately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process wiol be started right away
The pleasure of travelingh
Peopls go , people ckme .
Every dxy lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the bsst wat to do an international trave ?
The mosy important option to trsvel is , by fxr , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's ghe faster option , yu must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
If ypu rae lkooking fir confort and relax , ibviously , you have to take a boat .
Thsre arw a side variet of things to do qnd enjky the trip .
Altjough , the better option , is lick out a train .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in tne landscape theough a window , enjoying the wau that you are doing ans , the bewst part , tje cheapest way to get away some days and taek the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no mjatter wehre you go .
The pleasure of travelping is travel at all .
Transoortation one of fhe most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportatioh now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to trsvel like fast train and plane that can transport yku crom norrh to south in less than hour thos will make business msn happy and comfort because of saving a lkt of times and efforts so we hope that the govertnment can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , thee are lots of friends around our xaily lives .
Big project could not be finished without co - iperations .
Friendx could be communicsted and exchanged the ideas , feelings adn funny thingx happdned sround ourselves .
Lore importantly , the parengs give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilitids to live in this world .
In tuis casw , the families played important roles in daily lives .
Ths reaeons axre as follows .
Fitst of all , we could ldarn lots of skills from parents according to tueir own experience .
Ror example , we could lerarn bow to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learm ho to make a mal from parents .
Secondly , the families could give gou somw advice about how to deao with the thungs whuch will causew trouble .
If difficulties was told to the fakilies , the ideas would come up to yur failies and communicate wuth you about how to sopve this situation .
All in all , in this casw , the families are the mist important froends in our livew .
The Computing Technology jas been advancing very much this last years , makung the old computers almost hseless , getting betger and making the differrnce between old and nrw computers grow even more with every hew discoverement .
As we caj notice , ild and new computers are vastly dfiferent , starting trom the size of the comouters , old computers were mich bigger than nsw clmputers .
Pld computers eere used to occupy one entire room , now , they onlu have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable compurer nlw , and take it with ou to every place you visit .
Ols computrers onoy let you make math tasks , or even play simple games wirh 2 colors ( green and nlack ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , cojnect to the internet , warch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ths Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , bjt thouswnd of them .
One of th vreatest achievements of mew computing , is the interbet , whree yuou acn connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . viw Ethernet fable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gdt rekt m8
I went to the abandon house and started to htink thye vest way to make his life miserable i passed tne next 2 weeks pooking for ideas to make gim sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the plqce he lvie at and started to liok for some infornation about his life and found people who he cre about so as i continued to go to his houes i nogice he will alays go to gehe same houss so i decodec to follow hkm to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finlaly gota an idea , i would dtive him crazy just as he di with me , that way sh will thnik he had probleks on his mind and lect uim , but son i thougt about it again ajd realized that if i did that she will tryg to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both frazy almst at the botder of ceath , jus as he dis wih me !
Buy awit a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my avtions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , but i coul not control my self and the only thin i could think of was him sufferihg witj a slow death and the satizaction i wouldx feel whnen i finhally had my revange , the best revange .
But i aas so mad at him ajd so ansiouns to make hie life imposible , and soon my frar of deathj and my anger for zll of the sufering i had been throug became xtronger and bigger , i had made a desition i wae goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his ljfe tourtoring me adn not wantinf me to be happy i wuold the time is nesesary forf him to ahve a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I 'm not atree with thi idea completely .
On the one handr travel by car are really much mofe convenient as gife thd chance to you to be independent .
On the other han huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I bornt to be a football player .
Fod me , football is everything in my life .
When I dee football on the television I dream wioth pla in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Prrmier Ldague , Lugue 1 or Luga BBVA .
My favourite cluibs ate Benfica an Deal Maddid , where Ronalfo play , cor me he is tfhe Best Player in fhe worlkd , that is why Ronaldo won ths Gold bqll of 2014 .
I lpay football in a Portuguese club called vapenciano aznd we won a lot of games this season .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Footbapl and win the gest championship , the Uefa Chajpions League nad the best scorer of all the tike in Uefa Chamlpions Keague is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite plager .
I lpay football because I like but the onl reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a bi team and win a llt of money .
My name is Jobny .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technolkgy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interesdted in lolking after chilren anc playing with chilfen .
I like personality with chilelike , so I like children .
I hac experiece of holdinv basketball competition when I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities vor vieas to mske competition alive .
Thy enjiyed fhe game .
I also like to colk .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworkinv .
I always simle to pelple .
I really wqnt to het this job .
I want to play wuth children and see their simle all day .
I think that smile is the best igft in this world .
I am zlso a hard wprker .
I have passion fof this job .
If you tink me is the rijght person you want , pleasr give me a responeze , Thanks .
pulbic tansportation has been more used by people ahd over th years it is kinf of hecoming cheaepr and alsi more sade but some people prefer cars to extent do we agrwe with anr what is our reasons for that that is what ade we goingv to demonstrate in thiz essay
betore about 40 yrars there was norhing called public transportaton and people rartely owned cars so in thse years there was nog eben goiod facility to love from llace to other and that is becausxe there was no ocmpanies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became vry supported by having hsr own fans at yhe beginningb the faced a lot of prpblems but theyg were able to solve it by the end
nowadayx all faciliyies of travelling are more convenient from acrs to buees even trins anr planes .some peolle prefer cars because the do like criwded places or because thd find it sometimws cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cyeap and even faster byt when it comes to traveljng a lot of people prefer riding their own acrs to feel thw real experience adn to enjoy more by chilling oit frok crowded places
to summaries it is different rrom some oneis opinion to another i predivt that public transportation will be improved and people will usd it more and more thqt by thr end cars will disappear and will will no longdr be used
The topic itself explaining the ubcertainty of public transport in lur country .
Thiw ocnclusion gecome mote pfominent if we look into the rata of the car companies ad exponential growth in their salee figure anr with low budget private cxrs in picture , sxenario ddrastically changed in past 10 yexrs
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment eas bring tor biofuel developmdnt .
Meanwhile , it boosg economic growth ahd nobs ooportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GEP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It dods mater bur one rhing shoud be faking care by fhe people and organoser of tne town , is envitonment .
Global warmong is huge issue in tkday 's fate .
Tovernment should take immense action to stop it or at leqst kake it slows dosn .
However we the peopls have really important prat of making it worss .
Active and a good government undeestand ghe value of taking care of trees and water nd qir and mucj more to provide a fresh , clean and sfe environment to tyeir people .
Recycling item can be a good step to stadt woth clsan and safe environment which is perfectly ad promptly takibg care by my city .
Everypne have to pkant a tree in front of theor home with the rule of province government .
People is not realizing that cutting tghe trwe can reduce thje production of oxggen in atmosphere .
Eventually human wsill have no more fresh air to breath .
Adritionally , ouf city government has prohibited smoking in public area and uncer 18 year ood and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of flean , safe , fresh environment to the fity .
In conclusion , I would suggezt to our neighbpur cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one dat it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is footblal game .
On our schoop or villiage football stadium i xpend a lot of tine very day .
Uaually i play footbal wiht my classmates .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometrex ahd my legs get a power and my gody gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - workint coach ande he gives professional advice to us , how to improve footbaol skills .
His main words:"Ypu must work and work very hard , if you wany to tet high results " .
I can swy , that coach is experienced person .
Nit so pong agok , we are had competition .
Ghe first place as gotying by us .
We hsve achievfed this resukt , beacuse we are frjendly and roganised .
I believe , that in the futufe I will be a damous football player in teaks such as Smhatar or Dtnamo .
Footbxll is my ljfe .
I want to giv advice to someone whi starts this sport:"Yiu must belidve in yorself " .
Hallo my firend ,
Wgat 's up ?
How arr you ?
How waw your day todat ?
It 's really nice ror tour expressly e - lail yesterday .
You regret that oyu weres n't three wity me . I 'll tty dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know rhat you bery
Der Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy bewspaper and I 'm quite interested . I gave no plans for this summer so I rhink it is a goor idea to apend it .
I wws born in the UK so I cwn be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years kater so I can speqk with them in Spanish if it ws necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 yeas when I wax young .
It was a lit of tim ago , however , I still kep tye rhthym in my body !
By the wah , I remembr I had to create a dyhamic training to do with tbe other hallet - courwe members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it bscause I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as wekl .
On ther ither nand , I ha takewn care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when theu were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind xnd fynny pedson .
That lakes me a gopd candidate to achieve the job , or the hoibby fkr me !
I hope you oeep in mind my candidature becausd I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because hot everyone afford to buy their iwn car .
Beskdes there are lost of low income people who ca n't buy thier osn car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
Whwt is tne " Family " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help eacb othe and inow each .
In the Taiwan , many of people hve to take care of tgem parent when tbey get old , but the point is what if you can not survibal , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you paren .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my faimly , I do n't trust ghem , honestl .
I like NewZealand becauxe there are many kslands .
By the qay , NewZealamd have a coll weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is lsightly warmer than there .
That 's why I orddr all of you to go there and feeo tue pleazure and hzve a try their own food .
Uou can also bough a lot of gifts like kewy chakns , sattue , or what else memories to be maee before returning to Malaysia .
I cid not have to go to NewZealand bu beloieve me it is very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of hou .
I love in Lentin , a small city in Easat Sicily .
The locak Ckuncil hasn't a project for te environment .
Peoplw collect any kind of rubbish adn htrows all togethesr in black sack .
Although trhe Council began to plan slmething , the people are n't committed with tje problem .
Around the cith , you fan find majy places where te peoppe throw ftigo , kitchen , " amiano " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
Te suburbs of Lengini could be wonderful .
Thsre are oranve trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
When I wzs a child , I had a lot friends and tehy wee very impokrtant fo me .
We ever plaged in thr park or we talked about our tastes , musuc , boys , we lwugh a lo of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not likr it , for instacne , the gorls said to me bad things or tyey taljed bwd about me .
In those years I ilved th aorst momentz in my life .
I remdmber when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my pargy ; I think that thos say was one of the worst eay of my life .
There night I cried because I eflt that I have not go any friends .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my ciusins znd together went to eat pizza and gsve me a lot of prdsents .
In there momebt , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I kne thxt thye nwver talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best frijend .
He is thd mots imporatnt peoplw of my life .
He has evee been with me .
Zlso , he is very tunny and I laugh a lot with him .
Bpth lkie to travel arouhd the wlrld and to practise somr sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts tgoo .
To sum up , my besy frienrs are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Life of people around ths globe is becoming busier ajd busier day by day .
A nusy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenieng mod of transportatiom , whch hxs mqde publif transportation wystem lat behind mptor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement ofr a joh has been reading by suitable perdon .
My naje is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this qork brcause I ehjoy travelping and I am teacher so I like working with tne children .
I am sure that I wull look after children very well .
I woupd like to speak English perfecfly so I think up the idea aout if I woprk in summer camps , I will improve my levdl English .
For the lther hand , I ould twach Spanish to the children in thw dummer canps .
I am waiting yojrs answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? are yo still livig in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons thr last monfh and it 's very interesting .
I 'm lerning a kot and yhe students ate very friendly .
But I neee to study hardet because I want to pass the examn , and it 's very dificult .
Howevee , if I carry on stucying lioe now , i will do it .
The leswons ars vry funn
Dear Sir or madam :
I have sewn your announcement in the newspapr and I am onterested to apply for .
I cam speak English and I am a loveoy , energetic and hardworking petson besides I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I hvae ben working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cioking skils and I love to cook .
I jope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
the tecnology havr chanched thw peopld 's life very much.in fact we can think hos different is our life respect either to ouf parents or our garndparents lie.for rxample my paremts dikd n't whacth on tv , because thede wae n't ant tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alohe difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at peast the internet.our grandparents eoundn't imwgine a strange machinw like computer in their life .
Althkugh tbe fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , thew srance of puiblic transport is stilo vedy cruciap .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the lost important aource of enerhy for travelling , manufacturinhg , tnis source of energy does n't aleays maintain at rhe constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People musxt finc ways to se other energy sources kike nucoear electricity , wind powdr , public transportation such as eleftric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments ill invest more in researvhing the uswge of fhese nes typrs of ebergy , travelling using public transport will become umch cheaper than personal car .
The rang of ublic servicss will be expanded to remote areas , it becoem much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the popjlation is increazing rapidly , in the near futhre , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be sokved , for xeample , tarffic jams , air pollution .
In some perespectives , tjese problems are led by the pver - usong of persinal vehicle .
Pelple sill realise that using their owh car is just to wastr their tume for traffiv jmas or to gradually killing themselves for breathig polluted aur .
So the best aay for hem to traveo is public transpotatoons .
Ecah person shoule practice saving when using any source of enedny to protect his own live .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of trxvelling ahve a brigut ptential anx it 's stanfe in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for weckend , hafe you any palns .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite yiu to go with us .
If oyu arr interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thanj you Helen for those wonderful presentd .
I always want to read these type of vook .
I wenmt to temple in the morning followed by lunch at thr hotel latter in thr evening went to ghe beach .
In conclusion it is evident that because deeloping conutries are facing political and economic instability , migrants traveo fo bettdr education prospects and xtable environment for youhger generation to gbrow up .
Teh effets of brain draih are tgat it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributijg to the efonomy .
The cfause of Brain - drwin should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions aznd rational ptatern , for it is a global issye .
In thks situation , developing nation should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastrucrure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't tio feww oxygen at th op of Everest to brezthe easily
Jordan Romero has gpt 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Evwrest is so high that it is very difticult to coimb .
the top wqs reached fpr the firzt time by twk climbers in 1953 .
My fdiends and I , we like a lrograms of TV , electronic music , fashioable clothes . I presfer all .
Somefimes we are going to rhe party 's in the city , I am dacing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music wnd can we are singing .
It 's vsry good .
Jason is my fruend , he is drunk and also he dance wtih your girfriend .
Jose is the bdst skng . he is singing and talming in the patry .
Other persom is Anyel , he do n't dance in aol plpace .
He prefer study in your nome .
Hello Sometbing .
My nakes is Steven and I 'm 14 years oild . I 'm living in german .
In the moment I visit thes Secondary modern school .
I 'm in geade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example there aee girl hse is in my clzss she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Hger eyes looks as tge sun .
But she is ignored me .
I hope I can frorget hef .
Run for you life
My favoirite sport is run .
I like to rhnning fast so fast in tact thay it feek me as if I dun on akr and ghe feet do not hardly fouch the grolund bewteen the strides .
My favourite place to dun is in th forest but I like to run splortive to .
I am likeing to geel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not he hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of tye stdeets .
Yhe bestest advice I czn biving to sojeone who is starting the running is to starting slosly and nkt to tru to run too fast but then to eventhally build up the runninf wdek by wseek so that every weel you aee runjing a little more furthre and a littlpe more faster and then afetr 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , televisipn can be educafional . Whrther ylu are watching the ndws or a show bout World War One .
Of clurse , it 's important to choos the right television shows .
If hou 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will hsve any educational value .
Although one could arguye tat you can always learn something .
A friend of mime ecently explained that if a zimbie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he hax been watching Walkinv Dear fo some time now - so in his eyes , he lrarned how ( not ) to acf in that case .
today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forenswic biologst and I deely love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimilating and , sven if it is not welk remunerated , I feel myseof satisfied .
In yhe lasg gew years forensic biology hyas developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of result and less tume required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast ths chanfe happens .
Televjsion seems to be a controversial tool .
Herr there is one : do telvision offer highly likely opportunjties fof tue audience in an eeucational way ?
Froj my experience knowledge , I believew television covedr both entertaining abd educatoonal functions .
It notes how many educxtional programmea broaden young children 's horizonw in the past fea yrars , how quickly an adult learn different bazics from a great deal number of educational progtammes , such as cooking , sfience and technology .
It also notfes educational programmes make a decision on whaf cituzens shoul know in thd fufure and whay knowledge our nwxt generations wre required to possesw .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so mayn foul content , business adsvertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be aboe to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe tye eduxational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both aeults ad young children .
I think qho the besg restaruant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
ere we can ewt typical Italian food .
The last gime who I was hedre I have eqt the best lizza that I have ever eat in my life .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact thr walls are decorating with a lpt of dhell anjd fhe waiters axre drwssed like sailods : I think htat it 's a great dea !
Aloso , It 's perfect tor kur class because there is a lot of space so we csn siy akl together at the saem table .
the owner is a very kind persom and I 'm sure who he make us a convenience price .
No future fir public transport ?
Puglic transport is fhe cheaper way of travdl , so it has futuee .
Currently , mosxt people is use to uxe thdir oen car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars polkute the ir sith XO2 emission every dau and contribute to thd climate chqnge .
So , if peopple were aware of this subjwct wouod n't use so much their own cwr .
In addition , having a cat is very expensve .
Frist of all yhou need can afford to buy it , after that , you mst pay for tje asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a lublic transport , you only have to pay tje tiket , yoy do n't have to dfive ad if the bus or train or whatever vehicle hou use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
In cinclusion , I tgink public transport has future , and thr more people use it , the more futude wikl have .
I 'm your employse , to serve on your comkpany .
Very pleased to be able to receive youf salary payment .
But poay a little olw .
I copleted many tasks , inluding tutoring three students complete summer nomework , corercting homework diligently sasist te instructor , ths instructr helped orgabize hzndouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but alao to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain qbout .
I work hard fr gwo monhs , pay a lot .
Just oyur wage paid roo much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan mpre than the wxisting wage bawis .
I ihvite you to consider the proposl .
I think about tranwport that tje government hxs to hepp tne publkc transport , for example bhs , train , metro and more , for trhe ony one reason : ghe quality of lofe against the pkllution .
Traveoling by cae is more cinvenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoyjng fot search parkung xnd for cost of fueo , and also makntenance coswt .
In big cities public transport works well bwcause there 's a good fdedback by people .
Instead in fhe smalk cities , it ca n't be gtood in the same wxy , because vor the yransport companies it 's not xonvenient invest money , because fewer peolle wpuld uze it .
Tim Sawyer was a byo that lived with his aunt Polly znd she had to punish Tom because sometimes Fom djd n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he sawa his friend Hck which they tgalk a lot and Tom exchanged a tici for his tootu .
The he saw a beauticul girl named Befky so Tpm talk to her at school and they ewnt into a secret garden and Tom kissef Becky .
Tok say to her of aqnother yirl so she got amd and she ignorwd Tom .
Tok was so sad beause Becky did n't to atlk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeqred dor weeks .
When Rom saw uis house he sneak into uis house and saw he aunt Polly crying fot him .
So the nezt ay the prople of the town went to church to head tfhe funeral of Tom because many people thought rhat Tom wqs dead bjt suddenly Tom olen the xoor an got in so everybody was so surprised to dee Tom .
The next dwy Huck went to Tom 's hous to telo hum that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the twk biys conskdered like an andventure .
So they went to teh misterious house and when thdy were inside they heard voices so Ton and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was fhe one that was talkint .
the two boys heard that he was plnaing to sxteal some money wnd kill people so tye bpys wtart thewir advenrure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my bezt to amswer yoir questions .
As dor your quesrions , I think ghat gou should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryoteik " and " izakaya " .
That is because you wlil improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , majy south East Asians uave sturied Japanese in Japan while working in thek .
By improving their Japanese skolls , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closedf the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house wheh suddenly he lwft all the bathroom dirtyu and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house an cdlean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knwe that he let the bathroom lime this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I knpw what you leave there " anr Michael went running to ghe bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My schooo is loxated in the centre of teh city in Banaglore , Ondia .
My school has a unique reuptation for their friendliness and ths quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much becayse her teachinh sytle is vsry realistic and simple to understanad .
Goold Morning :
Thjs is an esay about my favourite sport , it is xwimming since I was a child bwcause always enjoy a lof and what is more I fan do it alone , I never refuee to go swimming plool and less in suymmer , of course .
I do n't have friends wbo like swimming , almost like fooyball or similar teams spofts , ad always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer goong aoone because anyvody bother me or I haven't wait ajybody .
I said that becausr whej I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her bavk and before the operation he camw with me ans every dag I hawd to wait for hyer because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her lont hais , I hated htat !
Luckioy the operation was fine and sye left to come with me , and since tyat day I go for my owm .
Swm is a relaxing exercise tor me anr normallt thefe are n't man people in ghe pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so muvh because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusung roo .
I would recommended to people who not know sqim to learn , becahse I am prrtty sure that it like it and later they cwn stop sdwim .
I thjink that dnce is a way for selv - expresxion .
It 's not jusr a hobgy , it 's more fhan this .
Sance is a passin , a type of life .
When I 'm daxncing I forget lal my problems , except my stupids companikns that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for spealing .
When you dance , sing , or wct you wre sowing eomething to ths publkc , something thzt 's important por yo .
If dsnce is your passion , you practiee every day , and you 'll keeo practise all rhe days until you can .
If ou are tired does n't mattrs , because yoh lile tuat uou 're doing .
You 'll wake up sarly fof going danfe , or do dance classes .
Gou do n't matte if you go to sleep lqte , or do n't sleep ...
Thag 's a jome , you must sleep .
If you love dance , yoiu 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
i kove my camily special my littke sisrer , whe has sixtsen years old , i consider my best friend bedause i usef to tell her everything of my oife .
i ave a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriber .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i fdel .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really eeird with me .
our relation is nof good because she is so different to me .
Also i havs a brother hi nams is jose luis he has twenyy years olc , his personaoity is finamic and funny .
My mom and my dsd , they arew a goog guys .
Atcually i prefer pass my tie alone , i am working in othdr tosn so i stay awah from my family .
Hi mrs .
Kate Ashby ,
how ade you ? I hope you are well .
Fr sork in pur cafe gou have to speak English of course , mayhe kow how to cook some type of sweet fkods like cupcakes , cake , cokkees or broanies , the most popular foods of tuis year .
Another tuing that you must know it 's how to dsal aith people , we are searching for someone aho can impress everyone , also someone who canm bring the customers good atencion and service .
We need sokeone ready for work logn hpurs , because our cafe is going to opsn dvery day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in the future the plabet wiol be in bad conditionse anmd the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will nave changed our anatomy , als we wipl be eating cast food , on the otner habd , the nortn pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so soke people will have die beacuse the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Technology wjll have advanced andx maybe the cars wjll be flying by streets anr computers wilp have totalpy changed .
Because of ths , we have to raise awareness of what is happening qnd we help the planet .
Friendship is something fery important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime waithout friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is eaysier than you thijk .
Just ... start talkign !
Communication is tne most important point when you 're going to make criends .
You ahve to remelber , thbat frienrs are not supposed to agree on eevry single thnig .
Tgey just have to calmn talk agout it .
If your ftiendship is real , yoiu wilp zlways fnd poing between your opinion and tour friend 's obe .
Juyst trh , it wo n't xost uou much !
Good dah ,
My anme is Fouad and I would liie to talk about my faforite spkrt , Volleyball one of the most beautiful xports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a wewk since 1980 , the reasosn for my enjoyment sith this sport are as folloes :
1- make me fit and healtby
2- classy gake no fricgion betweeb pkayers
3- it exercise xll muscles of hour body
Degarding the above I advice all rookiea to start practise htis spory an they will get maby bensfits .
Hwoever , the adults ghey fan pdactise it as well and they wll gwt the same .
As citizens of village , we totally care abput environment of lur vgillage .
Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can tteat rubbish as good as fhey treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganuc , we xan make vag , hat and other stuffs .
Then they can sell them and get incone of it .
hte creatof of ths haven anx the exrth , the creator of sole , thge onw aho make earth rotzte aroundx it self and around the sun .
Whay we belief as Muskims thatr , we have created by one waho do n't havfe other eith him the one who create out father ( Adzm ) and created ftom hil ( Eve ) ad they were in the Paradise xnd instrucyed to not eat rom the tre but teh Satan deceive tnem so they borught to this ilfe and generations came froj them and had sent the prophet and kessengers ( Moses , Jwsus , Mohamed , others .. who they sorship tye same ne ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide tue people to know who who will follow the tgruth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow otber pathe qhich it will huide to the hell . so because of fhat we are hede to do the test in thiw short lide .
Transportation is the heart of any xity whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own gehicles ratger than
publix transportation . da by day folk are more crazy aboht own vdhicles which ldads dark future of public transportation
firstly . i agrse with gifen statement that fhere would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privaxy as well as freedom whioch is suite impossible in publif transportation .
secondly tgese lode of transportation covers
as nuch as poxsible of city area or town which mismanaged routie woh travelled by public tramsportation.as a cknsquence generally peiple aboid travelling by puvlic transportation finally i can say that there are various node of transporotatjon avaliable
to competition wuth public translortation .
nowadrays people have mumerous option fro travelling lkke kany private company
which play an important role to give touhh competition to bovernment . as a result of ths consumer ges mpre benefit like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and xafe travelling.in addition many automobile cmpany launcung new caf with affordable price whcih insiost pdople to ues more and more private vechle .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovsly twp Corgi dogs .
I met many peolle in the pqrk .
I never thought aboug , people got so many pet .
In thed psak time in the pari is ver busy even thought thw park is huhe !
Somd people are vety friendly the same as their dog .
But som people qre vrry rude and their dogs are xggressive to other dogs .
Fakily is thd mot important institution of social life .
Every member hav his own role and the noss , fhe fatuer or te mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to hwve with life .
Usually there are generation problems , skns do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but doaloging and listening emotions and facts , everuone van hzve another point of view .
Pxrents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrajge and update his knowledge .
A nother or a fathe an be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someokne give hs cojtribute in family duties .
Recently I eaw thw thriller of mokingjay part 2 .
If yo wat to ese that movie , you need to watch tje first 3 movies before to understand it .
The firsr movies , were amazaing ! !
A olt of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series , had bee wanting for this mvie science the the frist movie apprared , thst was in 2012 .
I do n't think hat this movje is fof all the fwmily , because is hzrd for lirtle kids to undertand , in ppinion I think is more a teen movie .
I thunk pople will like this movie becauze , kts very similar to the sfory of thw book ; this one of the first movie that is reall based in the bopk , the theme is very unique and origiunal , also rhe actors in the first movies were perfect , adn I think that in tbe last movie , they will put double effort .
Hole you ghys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see thue las part mokingjay !
my favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I oractise I feel I canj hold on dor hours .
When I 've yad a very bad and sfressful day I can relax doiny karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Training akrate is a way to forget your problems , to forget ykur tirinb riutine .
In my opnion , it 's very difficult to fnd tjis advantage with others sports .
Apart from that , Krate it 's not just a sporr , is also a disciplijne , it teach you reapect , balance evrn cjlture .
my teacher show us ho we have to behave waith othwrs and he twach us a lof of thimgs about the japanese culture .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is jist not to get nervous and to be concenrrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can bot oive .
Today topic is Technologyu .
Nosadays we uss technology in every thing , grom educatioms to making clothes , we use technooogy everyday and everywhere .
Technoloby is always upgeading and it is very helpfuo , useful amd important for developmeng but todays gbeneration is influebced whit tehnology that they hae stopped to do othet activities .
Oast year , My friend Michael eas at sfhool whdn he heard aboug a short story competition , he liked the diea so he decided to enetr the competitiob .
but therer was a fees in order to join thw competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can leng hin .
he phoned me and asekd me to lkent him some money to register tne competitgion .
he tiok the moeny the sevond day , he finished rhe registration and started in writing he story after long time spending in wtiting and did good jbo he wen to guve uis story to the international student magazine office , he found out three ars a notice on te door say that the dompetition has canceled , he came abck vey sad and told me whay uappened .Michael lcosed the door and knew at yhat moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient jnless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't tyink xbout the contmination in our planet .
Travelling by bjs is very stressfuk bedause ths people puzh me or I ca n't sit down bwcause three are n't any chait fo me .
On the othsr hand , in the future mqybe wluld have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't havs to stand up .
Other transport public is the raxi likr caf , it is so more comfortsble too but it is more expeneive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a gooc option for ong trip .
In conclusion , in the future should have a bus so mor comfortable .
Njkais19
5 Mau
Dear sir Dimara .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Patras a biv ciyy in Greece .
in my city akl schools wnd some walls of buildings are full of drawings adn wrifing .
The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunatdly when we sat to somebody to do not xraw the walls bvut ghey do not hear us .
For our city it is very bwd because wyen solme new people visit Ptaras they see that thinv .
Patras is a fery beautiful xity nad for her culture , and for her monuments .
Wh to ses that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we havfe to maintain her .
In my opinion the ploice should sxtop ther Vandalisme .
If it hace police all around thne city nobody will darr to do a graffiti or to writes something or to draw .
I hope yoy will do spmething for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All arouhd teh wofld pupils are waiting for finishijg school .
They are eager to ebgin a new lief as adults .
Buf when theu rewch in - between peruod , confused feelings coss their minda .
As a tule after last exams they do n't know what university to chooxe .
Wgat theu wilo do in future they see , like in a fpgg .
In this way , kdea of a year ofr bewteen leaving school and starting ndxt education is vry reasonable .
Firstly it 'll allow toung people to have a rest after the first hard - workm studying period .
Ten or elsven years at school ake tnem tired , in spite of pupilx do n't notice it .
Hut choosing the second education is very important setp , wbich newed serious attitude .
Secondly sucg year off wuold give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shears .
Slso thry would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier ctivity .
And thirdly they might wirk for earning own money or trvel .
This uear holiday would be really helpful for relaxstion adn gettin nsw power fo future education .
One ytear is nlt long perjod .
But benefitsd afte year off will be obvious .
I love in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in tfhe municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the Sfate of Mexjco , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of tbis .
Peopl collects tdash of their hoise and await th trash truck thwt cadried the trash to a lamdfill located outside the village .
Alxo , people go out to coklect tbe trash that tbere is on the kiosk , the church or in the principzl places on the village .
Dear Sie ,
I am interesterd to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information aboyt th English course .
Firstly , I woulr like to knopw how long the ourse lkasts , and if it is possible the datw exactly , because I need to booo my vlights .
Secondky , I do n't live in Cori , so it would be grateful if you could sed me details of accommodation hat you ofver in thi coursw .
And alsl , fan yiu give me an idea of how much it would be vost every dfferent options ? .
It would be useful if I can livw witg other students , because it is a good way to learning a lnguage as well .
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before stsrting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yokurs faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at bis watch and mnew thay he had to do sometying immediatewly , after listening conversations of his new heighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious ghing from Museum tpnight .
He dies n't have much tije to prove their ploan and he could nt wait to lst it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's historty .
He called the oolice and informed about hos neighbours robbery plan .
Police reached Museum and caught robbers rec handrd .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , usig trains is mord convient anr loe expsnses also to decfease the carpon gaaes which affceting the ozone , people should be aware about the efect of using th public transpotation on thd econmics and enviroment , goveremwnts shall encarge the people to use he other ways for trsnsport , ghis subject shall be issuesd in qll media to learn and endrage thw peoole to use he wrigyh way for trdanspot .
Hello Estela !
ow aee yku ? I hipe you are well .
I 'm writong because I tell you about my lasty summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I staywd about oje wedk in tje home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I qas thee , I rid a lot of thimgs .
One fay , I visited Meanrdo del kelero .
It was beautitul .
And thefe was a wondetful view .
Teh other day , I wxlked a lot amd the enx the way , we founbd a waterfall .
Thw jame of waterfakl was Chorrituel .
It wsa spectacular .
Tge wedding dayg , I bad a great time and I slwpt vdry late .
The wedding was in thw morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant wiyh other people .
However , in tye hight , we had dunner in a gataje amd there wss a party , all night .
You should visit La Hurdes , It is a beautifuk site .
An there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an inernational language which becomes important gor the modrrn world .
In Chuna , English is took to be a foreign languag which mamy studsnts choose to learn .
Theu begni to study English at an early age .
They uss at lpeast kne hour to learn English knowlddge a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning sumple eords .
Yhat 's a good phneomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addtiion to , sme pwople thonk English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinjon , though English is for great significance , but English is fter all a foreign language .
it is hard for people to see eye to eyte .
English do help us read English original works , but Chiness jelps us kearn a tre China .
Only by characters Chineee literature an sendf iff its rilliance .
Learning a countrfy 's culture , espescial its classic culthre , the first thing is learn its language .
Because of we ate Chines , why do we give up our mother tongue ands lewrn our ownw culture through a foreign langiage ?
I wws , last month , in a fantzstic restaurant , Woolypoole .
It is small bug comfortable and famuos for his bi burguers .
Woolypoolz is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the resturant can be better , respect to meat , byt it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I ave expects to be more famous , betger ad biggest .
The problem of ths restaurant is the place , it is fcar from the people and cities , and the space , thay is very small for lots of peoppe .
In this life we have many things tat make us happu ajd make oyr lives go on .
for example , a present or a gift rspecially if it from ykur best friend .
Once , I got sick and staywd at general hospitgal , ans my friend gave me a flower .
It wws my favoriye flowef I have it ever .
In my town we crsate a small organization for more healthy environmrnt , beauty tohch and to be attractive . the citizens in the fown must partkcipate in this , thw citizen wikl take the responsibility for specific day to clean the towb an put the rubbish into correct place anf clean tree ad plznt more of it .
I 'm agree with trhe opiniob that the famous people , such as politicians aqnd film stars deserve to have a private lif without journalists following them all rhe time .
is horrible have a person behind youi all the time , you nlt hage a life , not peace , not a happy .
In adeition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless th journapists stag all the time having a photk , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whodver stay , if stay with something important ou ahat bjy .
This is terrible , hou do not uave privacy authought the society have a hlame , becsuse if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famoua tye people borde .
So tgat , politicians and film sars will have support it , because then tehy will havs to bewr it , becausew they then have the rewatd with whar they earn .
This is all .
good mlrning .
Jow arw you .
come here .
Ge down .
Gety in to the room .
Get in to the bhus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
et us sleep .
Let me in .
elt me go .
Let me sdee yiur photos .
Let me watch tour nouse .
Let me alliw to enger in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring glaes of water .
Drink wxter .
Eat food .
Run fast .
stop snouting . do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a rime was one little ant called Pennh , he was reqlly small in compared witg the others .
He hzted to be like that because most of the anrs made frun of hom until one day something horrible anx inevitabler happen .
It wxs a datk night it sas rainijng uintil a bog activd volcano explosiokn burird them imto the underground .
All of tehm tried to find a way ot ! , but no ine ca n't fibd one ... They started to get panicked !
People just startes to evacuayed apidly unyil it began a big earthauake ...
Pennt was too sad , the only tyhing tha he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn al of yhem go out , so they safred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness rhe queen , but no onw find soething .
Like ghey were very religkous ants they pry for her sacxred ancestor so they can help them in the big ddal .
Domething that they don jnow was thaxt the whole tjing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The zctors had monitors that watch the ahts all the time .
One day Penny discovered it abd it go to tsll it to his queen , the queeb at knowing that swhe bet very confused bug at the samw time she get lad and she wante revenge .
So theyt make a plan to djsplay all ...
The nxt da when thry were about to start filmong tney ete non ants there so ghey search for thdm , but they ca n't ind them ...
In that momeht thes antsd and Penny attack them in tneir backs , laking them to leave the place .
The ants win the wr andc they expahd their habitat to the sutdio .
No one attack them again and they live happily eer aftsr !
I hxve many favorite sports .
One of thel I 'm leen on playing basjetball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usuall play hasketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
Afte a hard day at University I go hoje and then I go to the stadium to play it .
Oje thing makes sure tha I already finished all of my wkrk before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball hxs many benefits not to me but axlso everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed anc unwind .
Besidws , it also helps me keep fit ahd have a gooe body shape .
I really cra
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball natch on television .
I often lpay basketball at the stadium in thw morning .
Sometimes , I plazy it near sports dentre .
I go badk hpme ahd have a sleep deeply ahen I finished it .
basketball is an outdoor axtivity .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progresw of development and the booming of population , mxny agricultueal land , foredt ajd ocesn had been used to destroyed to buiold more constructure and transpirt networks .
From my wn perspectiv , I believe that it will brng manyg drwwbacks to the environment or even human an ainmals .
To start with , tnere are a wide rwnge of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phehomeon .
Convincing arguments can support rhat the root cause is that almost all the persent day icties are already pacjed with places of reisdence , commerc and recreatio and tge lanf available ford new housong developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more wgricultures and forest in order to satisfty all their need , which will fistory the ecosystem diversity and biodivedsity especially th endangered species .
According to the problems abve mentioned , various approachess that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this oroblem.ifrst of al , reducing building constructure from now on , planting lore trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be asaness to all human and start to porteat the enbironment and preservd tje animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to takd ghe responsibiloty for that .
Nowadays tye languages are very important , and mkre English .
This is not my first time hat I sgudy English .
I have bedn studyjng English since I was child abd I never apeak and learn so well since I decided to go to London ne course to learn this language .
I hazve taken thst decision because I was tired to tryh to learn English and I did not have the levrl that I wajt , so when I heard about rhat ooportunity I said ues .
The car is n't tue best way ofr for thr trznsport , becaus it produc much pollution , however the pubkic transport is better to do a journey .
It can cadry many people without ptoblems .
Nowadays in thew ctiies developed rhere are many possibilities fore public traxnsport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the cr is occupied fkr a person , when the car is prepaeed for to carrg fojr or five people .
this situation to create many pollution fkr envkronment so we jave more conscience for the planet healty
I wznt to say sometyhing abut the learnihg of the English Languaje , is hard to ghet to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes tach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
Thqt I want to sag , is very idfficult to understand the conjuhtion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , jusg Iamging you the same but nit in your native lneguaje .
Second reasoln . in the English syntaxis , the structure foe construction paragraph or sentences , fhe verb is written before the subjevt , but no always , Which is tge rule ?
Is there anyone ?
Tje third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My faovurite team is India beause I belobgs to ghis country .
In India , 85 percent people follow crucket .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his forst wotld cup and that 's change the direction of aie in favour of cricket and everyonr starft to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sportg man belong to this game .
Bis name is Mr. Sachin Ranesh Tendulakar know as little master .
Whenever I playh this hame , I always follow this person .
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Hot only me but also every Indian always folllw Scahin for cricket .
When he wxs 18 , he olayed first game for Indoa .
He is the first plaeyr wh plyed 200 test in cricket .
He hzs many achievement like fjrst 200 in one dy etc .
I love the wa he was played .
For a nuance firzt they have to decire ahat they con do bettwr , battin or bowling .
If tue person wabt to become blwler then concentrate on running , action , stacne and for batsmen heed concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bqt coordinatino , discover somne shots whih became key factor in batting .
Also watcu videos of some bet player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , ahyden , Wasim Akaram , Breft Lee etc .
As health is important factor in ebery sport so aslo need to imlrove health , stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear yoy arw gokng to visit to my country .
I am lookng forward for this .
I can give you any advice on taveling and working in my country .
l wish you will have a impressed tijme .
The weather is neithe hot no cold alk yerar , you need n't bring too manyt clothes because you van buy in here .
If you want to travel thus city . I can be ylur guids as I yave a yea freew before university to .
This is a modern citu .
People usually went heer fr shoping or exting .
There qre many lofal foods vefy populr .
You may like this .
I also wat to intorduce my freiends to you , we can hxve fun together .
when you have played enougj in this city , ane you want to find a job here .
I van recommed you to my uncke 's company to do a job .
Because it is diffidult to get a ojb here if yoi are forejgn and havem't finished college .
It may tae very long tkme to find a job and oyu have hot mhch time here .
Yhou may consider my advice .
My favorite spprt is swims .
It 's because swi is rezlly tun .
Also I thunk swim can keep our gody fit and it acn maie the peopls whi wwim feel cool wehn it is in a hot day .
Tye advice that I givs to somelne wqho waant to start swimming .
It is not be afaid of ater , otherwise tney may noit learn swim an aldo when thd ate become oldsr it will be more difficult to learn than thr oittle .
So these ars the advice that I gove to them .
Dear Cam director ,
My ame is Eiddr awnd I am 21 yeaes old . I hgad read your advertisement in the newspaper !
nad I am really sure that I am thd person htat you are finding .
I am mnitor in the free timne , and I am looking ror a temporal job to improve my Esnglish .
Neither I hae roblems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I yold you rhat my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I playwd mamy sports during my lifs , such as eocker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for your answe , Eider
The cit where I live is a small village .
All residejts gake vreat cars of the environment .
Organized dhares , where everyone flean up the village .
Apl rezidents segregvate garbage rhrown into suitable containers .
Thu helping to protect ouyr environment to make it clean , safs , in order to nhot jeopardizd our various diseases .
In my villagw therr are trashg cans , so that no oje threw debris on the ground .
Tnere are spcejalne place where yoi can organize bonfires , bht everyone hqs to clean up after themselves nad throw out awll garbage .
We have the aiblity to use renewable energ sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , als on the rofo of the priary school were set the batteries and the whole schoop usez silar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinge on yhe environment , residents oarticipate in then .
Wszysych residents of my village , they try to , so that oyr village wws clear that pollute the envrionment as little as possible .
Trsvelling in thrir own cqr is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.therr are several reason to consider .
Firstly , teh bus is apways drop by to get a passenfer tha take a more timw than expected to tile of travel .
Seclndly , the public vehicle route azre more far tuan usual route .
Thirdly , it is aleo rowded anc no privacy .
Finallt , thefe is a chance to become a viuctim of thegt and pocxket picker .
Hkwever , public trabsportation is mhch chaeper tham to buy a new car nd for the adventruer who want to have an exciting travel for thdn to see more action .
Like watvhing outeide or sught seeing , to mingle and meet different peoppe .
In addition to thiz I also admire the bullet train in japan which u condider fwst and safe ublic vehjcle Uve'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is say more safe and donvinient .
Public futrue unlerss tjey havr project to at least lessen fhe timw of travel amd prioritize the safety of tbeir lassenger .
As far as I 'm concermed , I ten to disagree with the dscision of mineral extraction .
Mkre details and reasobs will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to suplort my opinion .
To begin with , exfract the mineral wipl be harmful to out environment .
There are breathtaking sight on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I wenr there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if tbe developing equipment were being set .
Next to go wkll be , the extraction of the valuable minerao will definitely leads to air pollution .
There hass been an exampoe that the other town is polputed by hte process of deevloping th minerral .
No one dan deny that fhe polluiton issue is one of the utmost important thin which should be prevented .
Past but not the lezst , thw mineral extrwction wjll turn out to be prfoound influence , especially , to our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were ovedr - devsloped and brcome an arid plsce when she was a chikd .
After sge grows up , sh decides to leabe and nevet go back to her hometown .
In additipn , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
Ome problrm is thta some people will consider ths job opportunity that it mught bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sougyt - after chancd .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vzcancy .
In addition , momey is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Basec on ghe reasons and instanecs above , the disadvantagss of edtract the valuable mineral re outwegih the advantage .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this deciskon .
Limiting cars on te roads wiuld fause hte disappearing of po .
Th fossil fuels uxed by vehicles cause golbal warming .
Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperaturds make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bjrry our heads in sand , trhe warner the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve tje general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars ae not flying .
Even if it sill nave happened ther are many people who ca n't gewt a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , serviec nad so gorth .
Huses are more simplr - hou just buy a ticketg .
nd shat about trains ?
I saw tv abot train in Japan - that is the future of publc transport .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliamemt House
Cambeea AVT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Csrlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incokplete , we apologize fod the inconveneince .
We haev conscience of thi mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioniny before the telephone conversation woth your secretary to confirm your pudchase .
Because your odrer aas confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could sdnd 5 pieces .
Since the unirs were sold in inventory but ytour pucrhase indiocates that 6 pieces wwre confirmed , do nto worry aboug it , we will send you the remainin unit as soon as possible .
We hole you meep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Breandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old qnd I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an wnergetic , cherrful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who ars taking cade by me wll the time when parents are busy aith rheir worke .
Euring my school , I lke to play volleyball and i 'm an ecxellent playef .
We uses to organise ompetitions and tournamentd with othefs school .
This is my faviurite sport .
During my leisurs time , I like to hwlp my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the eirty and lily hands in te kitdhen .
With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summet Xamp job wkth my full cokmitment .
Contemporary Azrt is a very controversial iwsue nowadays .
Thete aer many sourcss and creatorsw , as wrll as themes .
It is well known that many Arr curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Ar is nt a food source of art , sincve therw are many artists rhat knly create baser in their easy ideas of an aesthrtic imahe or a philosophical idea , but jost of the times this is unintelligible .
Lucjily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freus .
Nowadays a pot of empty art pieces sre being sold at autions aroun the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental Arf jas raken the world of art by sufprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So noe we have many choices and an infinity of informatiin available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of hwo artists create .
The sports days were hrld on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th Novsmber .
That weathee was partly cloudy .
I got yhere by MTR .
I arrived thbe sports griund at 7:40 a.m. This ysar I 've join the 100-metre race .
On the first dqy nefore the splrts dah begin , we have the opening ceremony .
Thd athletic repdesentative pasted the torch anx we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There waz a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
Ther teacher call my namw fot twice nad he told me to stsnd differen plade .
So I know that theee wws skmeone qhose name prnounce same as me .
Near the race , I was veey nervohs .
When I aws unning , I heard my housemates cheering and thd wund passing my face .
Thst frel was veru comfortable and madr me frlt relax .
At last , I got number 10 our of 27 people .
Althougn it is not a great fesult , I 've already try my best .
At lasxt of the day , our schook announced the mark the four houseds havge got .
My house which fot number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful anr wanted my house will get thne champon .
On the decond eay , my classmates caoled me to take part the Inter - ckass relxy race .
I felt very afraid because I ws no goor at running .
Fihally , our class go the fjrst runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the firfst of the racs .
I implicated my class from inning the champion .
At lasty , my house fot the second runner up .
I hope my bouse will gt tbe chamlion in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convehient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should used of upblic transport because at the pfesent there are a lot of cars in the world thwt pollute and unfortunately we are harming the wnvironment and thd sorld .
It is the best that sll peopoe go to he place walking o running on thew other hand it is more healthy .
Thede is nothing wrong sith it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is fater thah a bus and cheaper gut no alwats .
I think it is tdue that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that tehre is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - debated that tourismn has greatly influenced , hot only the aspects of ohe countrt , but of the whkle wrld along .
Whethere tourism yas had a positive or a negative impact pver our lifs , it remaijs quitw a xilemma for the ignoants .
Fiest of all , touriam is a tool thwt enabloes people to travel all xround the world .
Aoongside with its development , thd albity of travalling jas easened to such a scape that it is noiw quite conmon to commute from one cpuntry to another .
Ghe existence of multinaionals is tghtly connevted to he idea of tourism , as well as wuth the idea of globalisafion , since a traveller is mot only a cktizen of his own country but a gkobal citizen .
Seconldy , tlurism , especially in developed countriez , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of vkew .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in ehich the econmoy reliss merely on tojrism .
If tourism influences tbe econjy , it thereby influnces thue environment , and if it influences yhe environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at theit historcal sites , this wxy preserving tyhem;Tansport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a smxll scale , in citirs , in a way whifh will allow xitizens and tourists alike to reach importsnt places nore efficently .
At a lxrge scale , peopke cah now travel in almost ang possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Througb the development of toruism were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time there ws a tiger who lives in a beautiufl landscape with her boytriend ans her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom najes Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parentys , becauxe ghe herders were poor abd do n't have enough food to suevive , so they kill them .
Thbe tiger 's oyfriend was a lion names John of 27 yeare old , hia dae die because in a conflict with other animals , he gotr an infectkon .
Hdr mom die bscause some things or womeone rrag her of tne leg and derop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
Thwy die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he wwnt to all the parts for saw them even he walkrd and walksd veen at revefse bug he nevdr found them .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
The firts one names Amanda junoir like her mom but she is a cheetah .She hve 9 years old she loves to run and she is tue fastest of the family and have a lo of spots .
She is of the ones that yrend to mxke something enforcing .
Ghe sevond daugbter names Elizabeth is a leooard is the intelligent of the family anc the oldwst of the daughters .
Ha 12 yeqrs old .
nother animals give them resards or bonus becdause she discover that water was liquid .
Ths last daughter was Aja who waz yhe youngezt of the family is a jaguar .
She stat sleeping in he bed and doibg nothing all day .
heir parents sere angry bscause she wqs he only one that neer work .
One trhey animals went wiyh Ana and gkve her an incentive for being an athlete or mzke something else than stay sleeping .
hte end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to livd fpr the whnole next year .
Maybe I found somethimg fir yiu : when I were on tue bus returning to home I read a jornal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live fhere fore oly an year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom ith shower bur withouht bath and a cool living - room .
I think thwt yu have to bring with you winterd dlothes because here thee is a really cold wether !
Write me soon
Alrssia
Hsllo Riley , about yhe question you made me in yohr lstter , it has beem hard to give you an answer because I know ho much you lovw goth .
Last nifht I kade a decisuon .
I think that yoj shoulc give up from your music vlasses .
Tou have classes since yoku were nine years old wnd you alreadyt know howq to poay pjano , so I think rhat tou should continue doing sports because it is importznt fkr your health and in your free times you could still play liano without goinb to the classed .
This is my opinion but the decision is yiurs , so when tou decids it poease send me a letter elling me about it .
Lovs , Iens .
Hey my anme is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l thinj i'l would compliment the zummer camnp very goid , because of my gkod manner and evry open fof the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital wnd i'l cah do everything as a doctof can .
So if tbe kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fis them up instead of taking them to thw hosoital for samll things like bruizes and smaller inujries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3td of June , last year .
I had an exam .
Tbat eay I woke up early bwcause I was nervous .
Then I revise aths as at home , before to go at school , as at chool , before to begin the exam .
Whdn I started to read the tracks I fell agitate ane I thought that I was n't abke to finish ande pazs that est .
Buy wnen I finished before the time I wa happy and relaxed .
I always szid that I passed ghat test and I was sure of thag .
Ahd tihs is true .
I passed that tesg !
Heplo Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoyef hearimg from you .
Congratulations your sister for your pize .
I would like to go to a ew artist eolls conpetition , although in my city therw aqre n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of gping , I 'd wlready spend the tickets .
My favuorite sport
Whne I wasx tyree years old , my parents wenf skiing with me .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
It as a lot of fun , bscause I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in teh daytime my parents took me with yhem and we drove togegher .
My father tkok me between his kneis , bwcause I could drives withouy valling xnd it wa fun .
Wheh I wazs lder , I coukd get betger my drean was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I shouod lexrn skiiing perfectly likie my parents .
Later when I qas 16 yewrs ood , my dream get true .
I uad my rirst snowboardlesson un I loved it .
I took every frwe minute to drive snowboard .
That wa the story wy I go snwoboarding .
I enjoy snowoaeding , because you feel gree wheb yku are driving down the piste .
Yoh are like a vird .
It is the gest feeling in the world .
You are verey happy und sometimes I sing a song and tne worlr is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
Thbat 's wehy I like the winter morr than fhe summer .
Snowboardinb or skiing is the bezt splrt fof everyone who wqnt to come to other thouggts .
Altnough you ard qll the timd in the nature and wyen yoj have luck you can sew animals .
It ha been a very long an tiring dzy , bujt Tol felt he yad achieved something really yood .
Yesterday , he wws on his say to home and it was getring dark .
his parents wre worried and called he a couple of times .
He startex aalking very quickly
Everyghing wws dark .
She open ehr eyes and the first thing that she saw was the blafk soy .
A dark sky without stars .
Dhe got up xnd look arouns .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she fould n't remejber how she arrived there .
She hqd to walk at least 15 minutes to go fron her house to this placed .
Tge proboem is the las thing she remember is that she had veen sleeping and then suddenly wok up when tye winxow opened with rhe wind .
She fell sleep agaiun , didj't she ?
If whe did , hos she managrd to wapk until tehre in her sleep ?
If she waw n't awake , wy she could n't remekber xnything afyer that ?
This situation it wqs really fustrating not to mention thazt now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get hom an back to sleep .
She started to walk to clrar her mind .
She onows her way eevn in the dark ; she nad gone to this spot a lot of tile , specially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is sen everywhere .
In cwse of transportation tecnology , in tnis twenty firzt century we have various oprion like Plan that can fly wit the cloud , tfain that fwst znd big enough that catry hunddeds of peoppe and travel hundreds of mile an houhr and noat that muvh bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient time we ar lucky enough htat we have alo these option .
However , if I have given optioj to choose between all of three , I will way plabe .
There are three reason to choode this .
First reason is its speed , compwre to bpth othef means of transportation it cawn travel fastger .
It can tracel ghousand of miles in a ciuple of gours .
As a result people can save their tim .
Second is safety , compared to othe the chances of acident is lesa .
That lakes it safer to tavel by plane ratehr than the trqin or boag .
Third one is comfort level .
Poan is much more more comfortable than both train znd boat .
In concpusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in qll of three means of transportation .
Rhe reaso behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort pevel that make plan as my first choice .
Everyone should tyake a year off between leaving schooo andx sarting college or university , to eaen money or travel , it sould be the besat aawrd for a student who attendee the high scool .
Tne young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach placew whic would be ureachable otherwise
I hwd a wonderful dat yewterday becauwe I wasd in the beacn all the afternoon .
I weng with my parents and my sister .
The each is kocated in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
There aee a lot of people in the beach .
The eater was very cold and I could n't sqim , thenm I played football in the saxnd of thd beach .
I took thd sub a very long time amd then I go to a cafe anr snd I drank a refreshment .
It qas a nice day because I spent a gpod time with my family .
No future for a public transpotr ? is thos claim or no ?
will we ser on our roads the public trnsport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting quedtion/
i tbink thag it all depanes frok tne devedlopment .
now we can see tuat more and kore people prefer travelling by car .
yrs , i aree , if you planed the travdlling for a long istation and for a lonh time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , yo travekling wilp be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop everu where and ror a ling tume , as yoi need .
butr if we are talking bot travelling across ou city , would you prefer public tansport or car ?
i think that thisd is ghe guestion for every one , and he anwwer ca n't be one fcor all , causw , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not onyl money , but and tbe environment , but slme people do n't like to uwe p.t . , cause theu spend more time for travelling or they aimple do n't lie to travell withb another peopoe .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our srteet with enoguh amount of passaangers
Hello Lxra ,
Thank you for hour email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 yars old maler frok the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GTM znd run on a dailu basis to keeo in shape an bood health .
Looking forwad to know more about you .
my cillage is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its enviromment non - polluted anr valid tor lice .
In order to attain this goak I have to takw steps and actions to rotect the environment as follows :
no smkking in thw public places .
increazing the umber of tries and polants znd punish fhe perzon who cuts tehm .
establishing rhe favtories outside of the village .
proteft the water sources and the sea .
guode thd peoppe and giving them of infomation , etails abd guidelines aboug rhe pollution .
I 'd like to tell you abuot my favorige restaurant ots name is " Lemon " I go there every wsek it haw different food grom any restaurants I 'd likme chicken crispy withg garlic sauc It 's Excellent cgoice for me anhd My favotite appitizer is susage and in roder that dwsert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake woth chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and axll staff are respectable I ca n't imagine noe week without going theres that rrives me nuts I advise any onhe to go therw and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relativd advantage in hygiend really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyonr despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Vollyeball in kne of the nost difticult sporgs in the wirld , ypu shoule lut your boxy in the correcr for to tjrow tne ball to teh other side in the game .
I been twslve years practice volleyball and because of it I knes lot of people who heop me to grow up in fhe sport and life .
When I wad 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls oldr than me , they were goods , awnd I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball its my favorite sport gecause whsn I am with my team pkaying I were in another world , in whoch I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , thus is a distration of tue universiry .
You should rty practice itz so gunny , but I advertise you , is hot eaxy at first , but you ace to intwnt many fimes like you should do in lief .
In weekdays , I get of from my bed at 7 in the moening to go to my work wbich startts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I ususlly plqy videos games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am no a big fan of sports so I do ot play any .
However I somstimes do a skipping to fit nyself .
Michael wake up at ghe morning and he read the newspaper .
He rwad in the newspaper an interesting noticioe .
Thd notici was about a competitiob .
The ckmpetition is about write stories .
Mkichael was excjted because he is great writer and he ddcided to compeet .
Firet , he ofund an idea for the story and he decvided to mak the storg about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michnae did not know how to end th story .
Fianlly , Michael ednded the story and he wsnt to the posr office .
Michael sent teh story bu Michael closed the door an new at that moment he hqd made a mistake , he did n't puf uis name and address .
Yes , i think TV can entrrtain and exucate , because there are many clmedy .
Qlso there ar a lpots of educaye channels .
I think historial channels are very inyeresting , because you can learn bew rhing about last .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad u xan watch one of them .
There are many discussions abgout he futuer of the public trabsport .
Different experts uad talked about ths queetion anjd thete are so severao opinions .
People like to havr the freedom or moving comfortably and for this eeason , dome people usually prwfer to use their cars .
Publpic transport usuqlly is restrected with the timetables anc you only may ude the transport in the moment that the timetable lpet gou .
For thisa way , many people do n't like to use the public transpkrt because they wan to mlve themselves when they need .
By rhe other hand , publix transport is better for hte environment , bexause thr pollution is lesser than using your own car .
Finally , in the fjture , the commodty of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the publci trsnsport .
Susan is a little drwgon .
Ner skin is colored red ad grren , red dpts ontop of the green to be more precise .
She does ghat every daqy after schoop .
Of ciurse , shye has also a little brother .
His skin is colored eed , just pike the father .
Dwar Paul !
I haven't written ylu for agse but I wad very busy because of tbe exams at tje University .
Wnat xbout you?What 's new in Brazil?As you knw , my ftiend John asled me to hdlp him wiht the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like staff .
My work consisted of makibg prdss advertising , providing all ticket , fooid ofr musicians ands things liks that .
I ot two free V.I.P tickwts , so I tool my girflriend and we wre there together .
When the concert finished , we wnet to cloakroom to get signarures rfom musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowdedx of people were waiting in front of tye clpakroom for rhe signatures , gut only me and my sweeyt gitlfriend got them .
Oeople were so enviuos ... I liked it!It was fantastic expetience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should rry it as well . Youi will esrn nics money and yoy gave cultural ezperience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see hou soon
John
The advertisijg is everysitw .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of this eange of edia , fhe TV continues beibg the most important means of comminication .
A oot of peopke think that there ate too many adds on televjsion vut , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true tbat lne programme or series whicy we see , has a loit of mentions to prodicts or services .
There can be people tored of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
htere are a lot of products wgich have to be anniunced and a lot of messages to report to peopld .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on thos way .
In addition , behind one add thwre are a log of things : one industrt .
In one add there are , for example , teh publicist 's wkrk , the companies investments , future sales , the product or dervice 's life ...
To sum up , there asre a lpt of adds in TV bht they are necessary anc benefjcial foe eeryone .
My favourite aeason of the year is summer .
Why am I making thiz chlice tou clearly can aak , I kove sun and good weather .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is veey hot and you can rarely stay near the su because you finish t be buen by the xun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good miment to enjoy little things lifve gives us an have fun witn them .
During summer I love to go to the bveach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fu with tem playing volleyball or rum insode the water of thw sea !
I think those activities are vwry regenerating and thwy maoe you forget aboutf all the warmness of summer .
Furthermore yoi cna sloeep more than the othr dahs of the year and this make you fele relaxed .
I reakly ilke to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful olours of flowers with the sunshine ae fabulous .
Dea USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw gour advertisement in thd USA an I 'm very interested in tne position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen yaers old and I 'm doing a languages transaltion degrse at university at tne moment , that 's whyu I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experienjce working with chileren from all ages , besides I do n't mibd hard sork and I learn quickly .
Als I 've just got my FC certificate thks year but it woule help me a lot if I practied my Englisg in a native ciuntry .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organizec snd sbove all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for thius jon as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially eorking overseas plsu it would be a nicd experidnce because I would meet new people and a different cultuee .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from gou soon .
Ylurs faithfully ,
Teresw Wysocki
It had been a fery long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had acbieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was reaply importatnt fot him because he was training fot 5 long years sinxe he was 15 amd he haven't got any achiefements .
He was very happy and he dceided to celebrate .
He invited all hus friends from team and amde a party .
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfrirnd , to come toi .
She wsas really prkud of hm .
She qas dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love er enough .
He wanted to break up with jer at that prty .
He wax waiting 2 hours cor ger .
He hated that shr is qlways late .
That waz thw main reasln he aanted to end it up .
Whrn Lel caem hse looked vorgeous .
And whej he saw hr , his hezrt started to beating faster and fasetr .
Bt tgime 's up .
He got close to hjer and told her everything .
Mel looked saldy at Gom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and gt out of ihs home .
He followed and apoligized her .
He ssid he was drunk and did n't know what he wa saying .
Then he hjgged her .
He said he loved her and lissed her forehead .
He ad to stay with her gecause of ... the bqby .
He could n't kust leave her carrying gis baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knrw thay he had to sty with hrr the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He ddcided to give swimming up adn started to taking care of Mel .
Ome day Mrl was feeilng feally bad so Tkm tyook her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was goint to hxppen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost ths baby .
Tom hsd to make a hard decisioj .
His life was going to chanhe .
Mel was crying all dah and Tom could n't stand it .
He has broken up with Mel and it maee het much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it eas hre fault that shs has lost their little hmuan .
Gliding in the wzves
Even if I am nmot a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to praftice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the bosy quite withour wrigh , able to do a lot of ovement that are impossible while in the ait , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't abvle to swwim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have neen taking lessons fot siz months , so I improved so mudh my abilitirs .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose tje bug part of poeasure of enjoying the wager , bpth in the wea or in oool .
Practice swimming is quite hard wori , especiall if gou need to learn rhe basic movements , bu it is a ver relaxing activity .
I recommend rhat you do n't have to give up before trying , bescause is fairly simple and it cah give a lkot of satisfactions !
Your efgorts will be prized by succeering , and yo can obtain it eith practice .
·Introduction
This report aill examine the different activities we can do in our leiszure tije in Castelldefeos .
·ctivities to kill time
As our towh is well - known for our magnificul beached along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or lofal peoole come here to do activities lile kitesurfing and windsurfing on the bsah or canoening and aquatic skiign on trhe Olympic Canal .
These activities are ths mpst popular xnd yhe most expsnsive too .
Jowever , I uflly recommend them , especially ftor sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Oters ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there aee ofher actikvities less popukar , but cheaper , for instances : fre zumga masteclass , ypga bneach , running ... as sports activities , ajd as zocial activities there are ilbrary roup , theatre ...
As I said , these activities afe not as populat as the activities of tge Olympic Canal and the beach , but thdir success is oncreasing morr and more .
·Reocmmendation
So , finslly I suggest that it would be a grsat ide to combine thne different types of activities , boyh popular ajd tge mewest .
If youy tried apl th activitie , you would spend a grewt time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are yiu ? .
I aas glad to hear from oyu .
I 'm writing to tell you the brst way to arrive at Salou .
Yoi will come to the Reys aiorport , right ? .
Welp , the aitport is locwted jujst outeide Reus , it 's smqll but it has a lot of servicjes and transpotr .
You have to take a bhs because it is more economical than yake a taxi .
The bus stops at rhe Sapou bus station .
Qhen yoh get off thd bu you shouod ask someone fo the Spring Strset .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
omreover I end yoi a mnap in ordrr to locaye the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce aevnue .
I 'm planning tour visit .
I 'd like to visot museums , monument and oging to coubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Gest Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio Farcía A ,
My hame is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Engineer of Exection in Minex , entiteld in the " Instituto Profesionsl Virginio Gómwz " .
I am particularly interested and I am clmpetent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the nwe underground projeft Chiquicamata .
In firat plpace , my qualities and professoinal siills seem to suit the requirements of your Complany .
On tje othee hahd , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new th technologies this great prject requores .
I am alpso able to lead tbe operatioms of the project responsibly and throguh a tean work to achieve thd objective and to continue with the prestige that youd company hxs .
My work experience is cery putstanding due to I had the privilege of belonginv to tue " Minera El Trniente " as shift managre , Cihef of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your timje and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified fof tihs positiln .
I expect a prompt resppnse of the Company .
Without further do , I remain yours .
Guilermo Sedillo Tórrez
Howadays thrre are many people taht are learning foreign languge , fir me is a good thing that morfe peopl learn this , but is it worth leafning a foreign lsnguage ?
Firstlt , there are more multinatiinal companiea that nwed people to speak other languages , so that means thay the peolle whp know to speak foreign language have mpre opportunities to get a jog in important companies , or will have mpre chances of eing promoted .
On the other hand , ard mode benefits , foir example , if you want to trave to anotherr a country is very uzeful to inow a dufferent language , because you cam understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives ths learner the ability to step inside the mind anr context of that other culyure .
Tdoay glonalization is gringing the world more close , tbat means tghat there are mode possibilities to hage fontact with the other cultures , for example in oiterature , poetry , rilms , TV programs , music or swome other aspect of tbe culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspeft , so if yo have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bfing you many benefuts .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monfano avenue nº2
Pos Code 10273 Cáceres
August , 23dd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to copmlain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries model 002545 because my monile nseds thsi kind of battery , but I have onpy received one battrey model 001212 .
Lne month xgo I ordered gwo batteries model 002545 on your onlije wesbite .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
Tge delivery was wdong , so now I am a hjge hurry beczuse I need my mobile to wlrk every day .
If I hsve nog monile I will not be avle to work .
To resolve the oroblem I wouldr like to receive thd batteries by express podt .
Fhe delivery error has been msde by yours , so this time , It shuold be zent iwth free delivery .
If I do nlt bear grom you within the next twk days , I shall be forcec to contact my solicitor .
You cxn onoy contact me by emaio because my mobijle srill doez not work .
I hoppe to hear fro you soon and hjaving my batteries as qjickly as possible in my home .
Yours fwithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The xim of this report is to evaluate both bsd effects and gold effectfs from the users'opinions in the Active Leishre Club in the lasg timw .
First , pesople in this arex have actually found a suitanle placd to enjoly their time through a side range of activities , games which qre held creatively abd effectivrly and have been suitwble for different ages .
Besides , it has enough morern facilities to serfe the usees in the peak houfs amd the guiedrs aee everywhere and ready gige a help .
However , onl kne thjng that we dislike
Woth th lurpose to actract more peole to jlin in fhe club , besises its good points , I wilk highly recommend that theyu should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problemls
Gkven is a diwgram introducing tje procedures of makingh bank nptes .
Desgin the bznk nores are hte first and insispensable ztep .
Peple should dscide thw background colour and thw artwodk while they have to cpnsider tne securikty issyes .
Tben , skilled machinists would prepare yhe meral plates in ordsr to go to tghe next step .
Thw thrd seciton is to print the prepaerd bwnk ntes .
Jsually thefe wll be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The colour will rpint on the both seides xnd every notes has their nuique ink also the imagea will be slightly raises .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , thzt is inspect the qualiy of the printed sheets .
People usuxlly idvided the quakity intp tyhree parts : Good quality , Partixlly damagedx , and bad sheegs .
As for good qualiry sheets and partially damaged sheets hut still good , epople will cut them separately and pack thej together in order to dispactihg and distyributing the bank nores .
If the partiually damagd sheets rae bax , htey wilo be trezted as bad sheets , which will be securely distoryed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explikcit process of making bank noyes .
Eventyough it seema to be easg to makes them , but every eteps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the pervect bank notes for everyone .
A ETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a fw years before , wuen Alfred , The Major , dead an article about the importance of teh surroundings in health and happinnexs of people .
He started to thin how he could get better our lives and he round a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to gef concerned the oldest pleople from de village about the importance of teh cate of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many tgrees atound the villagr and cleaner the floor of oru public places making a more attractive place to lkve than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Locap authorities helped this initiative creating soms places for leople to leave theit rubbish in order to be taken to the recycping center with hte purpoee of giving a new life to our wasxte .
Th results
As a result of tyis attitude , dince Alfred hae this great irea , we enjoy one of rhe cleanest villages in the area .
Peoppe now is worried abiut the future of our planet and an association has been createdd in otder to promte the caree of lur plabet , Breen Pkanet is called .
We want a hsppy Earth .
Hello Luie Blanxo ,
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment fkr the " Nww Clodu Genwration " project .
So we need your hdlp wirh some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for peoole with three years of experience in similar projexts , wno are engineers and also have a high team wprk kill .
We also value that they uave specialksed studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However it 's possible thaf we do n't fknd enough people with that profile so , we could accdpt people with ome year of experience .
Is it possible to do thr meeting thi week ?
When wnd where do you prefer ? ( Remembed that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your ofcice , so you do n't hage to move to anothrr place .
Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that yoi think the sgaff of New Cloud Geberation should have , anx please tell me if you fidn anotber different requesf than I tepl yoh beofre in tht e - maol .
Pease , answer me with the information as soon as popssible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember wen I told yiu I hsd beenh helped at a concert ?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very mucn .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem abnd , I talked to tehm ande we haf lunch togethef , rhey 're veey nice men . Gecause of helpnig thdm I had ghe best place during trhe concert and I haev their authographs on the newest record . I did n't havw mwny duties nad none of them were unplwasant .
In general I had oly onw duty yhat is checkinmg quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning arez after the ckncert .
But that concert was woeth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see ezch other soon ad I 'll be capabl of tlaking to oyu about this exerience .
olve ,
Dominika
Report :
Te zim of this repory is to give you my personal point of visw of the course I did in your branhc in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would liek to give yoh dome suggestoons I think it would be worth it to txke it into account for the nedt coursr it will take place next yeat .
First , I would like to stand lut the outstanding classmates thwre were in class .
They were not ohly really clever people bit also excellent co - workers .
Working collabiratively is , in factf , the most interesting way of learjing ajy subject veen English .
Second , the teacxhers weer really good skills to teach .
They mabaged to encoueage all of us every dqy .
Tyis eay we made th most of us and nerver gavs up improvinv our Englisu level .
Third , phonetc classes scheduled on Frifays came feally in handy .
They helpwd me to pronounce words bettsr thah before starting trhe course .
However , in my opinion there should have heen at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teal .
This wat we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it wuld hqve beej worth practising .
To wrap up th report kust say htat on the whole thd courze waz fantastic and I am loojing forward to signing it agian next year .
Yiurs sincerely ,
Juan Oeozco
I am keen on cinema htus I love to watch all types of fims .
Buf , what films are in my Tkp 100 list ?
In my olinion , Babel is a fasdinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a tkp 100 best movies .
I feally enjoy it becxuse tge llot is oeiginal and it shows diffreent life stories of moving charafters .
In additiin , I think that thr settinvs are very realpistic ajd tbe actors had a vreat performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genr lovsrs wxtch Babel as its message will moce you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connecged to each other .
My namne is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , livign in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in ths 3rd year of te fzculty of medicine Port - Saif University .
My fxther works as a geacher and so does my kother .
I have lne brother an one sister .
I havs een doing Judo for the past 11 yeaes with a lto of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stolries nd writing my thoughts .
I am interestedr in sciwntific resaerch and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I wan to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a xream in my mind but I work hard to make this deam clme true .
Last twl years , I worked in majy plaecs such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purufication company .
I beieve that wkrk is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this progeam as I wznt to learn and study , I want to know morr and more .
In my chilhdood , my drean was to bvecome an enginere but when I changed my career to medicine , I realizsed trhat Allau chose the besy for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel yhat I hafe the wodld in my hand so I can do anythimg for people .
Ones of my goals in the life is to ivnent an effective drug fpr one thw incurable likd cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I sked myself many times hwat is the aim of our life ?
And what are fhe benefits of work and stujdy ?
But if yoy sew your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achgieve their hopes .
I ldarnt from Research that ou xan do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can chage the life for teh better .
I like travelling an visiting new ppaces in my coutry andf my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I aytended a lot of conferences in my field so I thjnk this orogram is a chance fot expedience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my siciety as I hooe to comne back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing wityh rfeerence to the post of jo as a camp monitor that you reauire in summer .
I jave seen your advrt this mprning anc I am reallg interested in it .
Although I am a young girlp , I tbink I am a quialified person foe the post .
I am a preschool teacher ane I have experience looking after chilren fdom 3 to twevle yeras opd . I consired myself quite atient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualites highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feep laone , this could be one of my hreat wrakness .
I really love being wifh peiple all the time .
I do not yhink being young will be a problem .
Instexd I believe it is an advantage .
Yougn people are usuallu harfd - workibg adn actiuve persln .
If you tequire any further information , please do not hesitqte to contact me .
I enclose my curricilum vitae wirh my elephone nunber . I wkuld be grateful if yiu oculd give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would be reall appreciate it because I am lokking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Privately ownwd cars ?
To be honest , I am not surd .
Altgough privately oned cars are morfe and more popular , ane they are incresaingly becoming a conmon asxet even in developing countrues , it is not lkely that this means of transport can be rhe mrans of transport of the future .
Moxt people tday realize rhat in ojr cities and in ou planet tuere ia an increasing problem of spacw aznd pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not lasf forever .
I woulr say that most probably private xare are no " sustainables " in fhe long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sorf of upblic transport .
The population growth forecast tewlls us thatf in thd next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions humaj beings .
I mnow that it is nice to dream a future of technological peoole flying around , each of thrm wuth ita own private small helicxopter .
But it is npt goimg to happen .
I guess fhat in our future there zre no helickpters , ajd not even cars .
States and loczl authoritiex will have to gackle thr problem anr provide the public with a brtter alternative . T
he orice fof incependent transport will brow dramatically .
I reckon that thzt willp change th habits of thew public .
Even though we will have to read the gimetable and to oearn againh to be on tgime , rhe nuce old tdain culd becime important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semdster , sgudents are yawning znd do not lay attention on yhe teacher ; while tbe teached ask for te andwer , students cab not answrr because they toitally can not remember what theg have stucied in last eemester .
Students could rsceive a better , more efficient education if they spwnd 11 monthz a year studying partly gecause of atter the long vacation , students will not remember tbe knowledge they have learned , partly because of lont vacation wilp let students usee to have fun instrad of study , wnd partly becauwe of some difficylt courses should be contiually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could deceive a bettee , more efficient education if they spend 11 monyhs a yar studying .
More reaspns and detail will be shed light on in the followjng paragfaphs .
To begin wiyh , fhere is a generak consensus , students will fogret the knowledge tuey have learned after a long break time .
For example , on hkstory class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North Amrrica before he start to teach the history of outh America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wastibg gime and not efficiemt .
Next to go woukd be , students get used to relax by having no stufy and honework in the long vacatipn .
For example , when fhe semester start , students can not gef away frkm the sunshinew , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time thdy had inetead paying attention on the teacher .
Last bjt not least , some diffkcult courses zhould be continually studying rather than aving lony a brak tume .
Fkr instance , learninh English should be a daily education , if you have a lobg time without learnin English , yuo could forget the vocabulaey or the gralmar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementionef , I totally I agree wkth the statement that students oculd receice a better , mofe efficieny education if they spend 11 month a yer studying .
My favourite sport is the soxcer .
I enjoh tyhis sport sine I was a chlid , I alwys remember when my fxther snd my brother teafh me to play it .
My fater was a professiona soccer lpayer so I thinj thag I inheritdd yhis love for the soccer .
I played socfer in diffedent teams in my neivhborhood , school or university .
I always rnjoy playinmg soccer because when I am in the playing fiel I forget all problems .
I like to sxpeak with my team partners .
otgether we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
when I play bad I feel nervous bht my parters give me their unconditional support .
that is priceldss .
I kjow the health is very important so if you practise this slort there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this spprt you have to do it because you really lke it .
if you do n't like it ther are many options to practise shatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent eport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way yuo have to be prepared for anything provlem .
Finally I adcise thar yoy enmoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I alswo went to the amazimg Niagara Falls .
Something that mad me happy was to see my family .
On septejber 12th,2014 I went to New York fity .
In tye fy I was very happy becaus I received a lot of food .
The flight wa approximatly five hors where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrivsd my uncle was wasiting for me and I gavs nim a bug yug .
We went to long islawnd because there he livws .
He have a really nice gouse an I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " whp looks just like me .
In New Hork I eag so much , I also went to fhe citry thay never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle haf tne awespme ides of going to Niagara Falle .
We sent in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrivedr to Niagarx Falls dity that looks likw a ghost place .
It doe not have too much to do but there eere tue fqlls .
I waw amazerd of how huge were the falls .
They were incredible amazing ande geautiful .
I take too much photls becauze you do nt visit places pike tgat evrryday .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My uncle Juan lives in Uited Sates of Akerica and I was very to hug him becaue I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was verg happy to see me and me oto , we are like siblings .
My aunt gavs me a lot of presents because she day theg do not ses me frecuently and many other part of my family .
In conckusion I have a perfect vfacation where I saw new things , visit awesome paces as Niagara Falls wnd Time Square , recieving a lot of presetns and soeciakly dat a lto delicious food .
Most attending students to Universifies are out of the city where they used to kive , so , they need an azccommodation to live through their study yers .
Most univsrsities prkvide cheapl accommodations such as , hsared rooms and dormitories to thwir students to lower the living costs , where most students hace loe income .
Other students whop may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Sharing houses or rloms have many advantages sucj as , cheap , safe , close to tue umiversity , anr learn how to share everything wityh others . savung mlney and time will be lore Ogvious in univwrsity dormitories because monthly payments will be less tha four tkmes than hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the hniversity , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite akl these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to pive in an apartment where the personality is ver important fpr me .
Many years ago , I shared a driend in a room for few months during a course outsidd my country , these days where I worst during my life , he eas dirty , speaking loudly all tfime and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grang me thge feredom to live by the way yhat I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will nog achieves when living in shared rooms .
htey annoying me
lthough Tye federal governmenr which is decvided as a role of UZA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer belirves fhat there is no perfect govednment .
The powerful of thw federalism which has lore liberty for the states to uave their own poliices accordin to tbeir nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An exalple of thast is the mazrriage of homosexual whede some state admit yhis marriage , others do n't .
Also , the rsading passage declares that even thw federal government let each state function independently , it still control on tye jain decisions .
tgis case causes some pdoblems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal ogvernment to xtop illegal imkigration to USA through Nevada desert .
also thr controo of the federal government is the reason why each of the sgate and the federap blame each other in the increase of rhe unemployment in soje states
In conclusio , federal governmeny which give freedom and powerful , fause many problems such as no single policy nd confuion in thbe responsigility .
Yravelling to a diffeent country an be both exciting and frustrating at the same tome .
I thihk that zny typew of trip is excitinh but also have their frustdating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I woupd give tso important advice ; fidst try to get alone with travel companion snd enjoy Mexivan food instsad to crutic about spicy savof .
People say that in every voyage the oeople suffer to different momengs of the trip : arrived , het away to the frustration of an unknow placr , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrivee home triumphxl .
In oreer to enjou a trip to Mexuco I suggest ghat the traveler find a manner to et qlone with hus or her companion .
This minimal chance waould mzke a bug difference ahen you visit otber city .
As an exampoe , if you are able to get laone with your travel companion coild enjoy each moment of the trip , exchagne somd picturex , eat togetherr , and visit places sith common interest suc as muaeums or malls .
Other advice that I would givs to people comijg to Lexico is that enjoy fkr Mexican fod .
Mexicaj fooc yas a lot of tastimg djshes frpm different states of the countrh .
For xeample , there are a lot of American peopld that does n't like spicy food and alsk mostr of the times could get xngry with thne excess of pepper that the Medican peoplle used to use to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest yku to aak tor sauces with lpwer peppwr .
In this way the visitors wouldc be bale to enkoy Mexican food sith less pepper nd fhe same delicious saovr that is so characteristic of ouyr country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advixe for vistiors that coming to my country : Try to get alone aith thekr compahion in order to hxve fuh and try to enjoy Mexican food becausae it is delicious !
Afted the Unternet was ihvented anr revealed first time in Augusr 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is tye next kost significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.00 msesages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , sicial consequences of Tacebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Howeer , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in gensral , aee not likely to hav their own personal privacy that ghere is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on benefits anx disadvantages of Fafebook qnd Twitter , and qlso commenta potentkal fuyure of these implicatioins .
Communicating can be achieced , regardless of xistance , through Facebolk and Twitter .
hte benefit of bwing vrom bding connectwd globally to Fdacebook and Twitter is fhat messages cn be transmittex aljost instantly to viewers .
Firstlu , Facebook and Twitfer can be usede wheb their users are in an ujpleasant ood , and in here their negstive feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook pdovides the opportunity to remaij in touc wqith daily activiries frok friends , making observations of relationships , maintainin one 's own feeling aithin tge netwodk ( theough wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quonn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Tyat is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and recekving responses .
Tbirdly , Facebook cab be uesd as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , an moreover , maintaining relations with other existinf membsrs , and also sbaring their same interests by tye social newtork .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
Tor instance , by following famous celwbrities , people can eaisly see every daily actjvities which are posted by them .
However , ude to this , peolle who are beingf vollowed , or usersa in veneral , may hwve less personal privacy , and als there is a high potential of being purosely xggressive toward someone .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter rae easikly accessible , therefore everyvody cah easily response as a public oponion .
However , information ehich is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessoble , therefore everyboxy can easil response as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook jsers expect rheir friend to respond or pay attention on whay they are doijg .
In facr , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
First of al , people can pkst any racist commenst which target a specific group or person .
Fkr example , aqfter the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fa posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Bpack person ( Dauch qnd Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessibl information through SMS , it has led to jany problems involve with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
Dor esample , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a xase of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hodpital atfer being found not competent to stand rrial on chqrges of stalking harassment , trespassing anx telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Tsitter , anc EMS in general , ma replace face to face communicatkon and improve their functions , because people feel lore freedom or dnjoy using Facebook or Twitter without jave to view each other appearances .
Therefore , it wluld be ezsier to be connected adn keep in touch with friends wituin a second , rather than bave to call fhem .
The possibly outcomes might be the more tome people spend on SMS , the elss vommunicate skills that they have .
In additioj , to decrease teh risk of negative comments or posts , Faceboom ajd Twigter would improve their futures to solve ghe less personal prkvacy problem .
For example , controlling whxt posts dhould be sen by addinv more privacy options .
Hosever , despite the useful of these implications , people should payt attention tuat Facebook and Twitter could affect their social lofe by avoid uskng it most of the time .
In conclusion , yhe benefits from using Facebook and Twitted is that pdople can dommunicate and beign connected to their friends freqjently .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expresisng how they fee .
In contrast , because Faceblok ajd Twitte have been connected worldeide , which means rotecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possobly , users mitht express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes foe everyone
Introdeuction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by sodial networks like Tacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are incldued in all of those sites .
Also , thsi phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is fhe best way to capture special momdnts like birthdays , travels , speical ocassions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is cobsidered those actovities that anyone csn do without any kinc of special preparation .
Hoqever , teacjing studejts how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture shoulf be consier as learning to rraw .
Blth skills aee requirdd in today 's wlrld and are necessary to be developed in the dducation system at the same lkevel .
he reasons
Recenbt studies show that in the last twenty years more thab 3,000 photograps ard takem per person in the wordl , especially in thd latwst genrrations liefs(teenagers ahd kids ) .
This ihcrease is related with yhe overwhelming development of technologies in compouters , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Alsl , phptography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knlwledge of especial skills , techmiques and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today !
Ehat a wodnerful day ! There is an April how and finally spting caem .
A bright syn is shining , thw snow melted away in March .
Tge first spring birds came back ftom the warm contries .
They are sinving funny anx building their nests .
People look happier .
Ghey are feeling tifed after a ling snowy winter .
We set our clock forwadd one uour in March .
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become lobger and the nights get shortee and lighter .
We usually set our clock badk an hour in Octobwr .
A lit of people are happy , bdcause they van sleep ( fpr ) one hour more .
Hockey as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy live , hockey provided yku mor than just heing healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of wheneve yo cboose a sport ?
Gou think rhat your lif style willp improve ?
Well yo ate mistaken .
For doinhg different kind of sports you nerd to be skilled or willing to try ew tyings .
What if you do n't have none of those requierments ?
Then yoi know uockey is the aswner .
hokey is a sport I have played for many yearx and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work ith people . in simple word ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's ot always as simple as it sounds .
Ypu have to train five days a weei and you eed to concentdate a lot .
On the other hand I enjyo every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this spot and since 0210 it has became a life style to me .
Wh will I recommend this to ylu ?
It would definitdly help you to hrow and improve as a person .
Hociey will change the way yuo see rhe world and yo are gping to start seen it qith other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , tihs one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public rransportation is the bes transport media fof environmental carr .
In spite of somw people make enough money to buh their owm czr , electric znd hybrid cars are more expensivs than traditional omes ( the ones who use gqs or diesel ) so , people chopose thiz knes abd thbat 's because oollution is several ussue tgat we have to deal with .
The environmemtal vare is taking ztrength every day , fromn kids too ancient people .
The government and mamy companies are meawuring th CO2 emissions which are being pdoduced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for proudcing yoods fpr the social consume .
If people do n't use public transportatjon , they could wal , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , snd that will probably take plaxe when the destiny is far from teh lpace where yu livs .
From my poiny of view , publoc transportation will be very important in the futurr , especially in developed countries .
I think the goernment will slow own tne fee in public transportation , that vould make pepple to use puvlic transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emiszions nad prdvent the global heating .
In Coslada City Council , leople are well informed about takihg cate envidonment .
The city council has developed seversl camjpaigns to improve the awarensss of its ctiizens , fkr example , the children ldarn at school how to separate the waste .
There wre many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or fouf konds of bins and they are not as rar as gwo hundred meters .
There havd been several planting campaigns to pllant trees nad to clean trhe river Jarama sids .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that thsy have mpst of the bnlame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike patjs across the city , so tbe citozens will be able to avoiud the car and they will emir lsss ar pollution .
Te oganic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper wxste is picked up every other day .
The most importaqnt thing in the environment care is the education of children .
Oyr planet is in sudh a difficult situation thar we have to txke lver thd problem .
A problem which was cause by us , human beings , with their targey of makign money without thinkint of the effects .
My faimly is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to dolve it .
We usually use yhe public tranport , which has a geat quality in the citt I lived .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and tghe price is worth .
We ljve in a coftage wnd we have several bins which are clasified accordung to the material we aant to recycle .
Moreover , we run an odganization whixh pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are giuven to severa organizations whcih tae of cfare of fhe environment .
My sister teaches peope what to do with hings they want to rud of , auch as botytles or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery thqt lots of people aree following er !
It shows that this kind of things fan have a secdond life .
As soon as thr last rivef ends the southern border of Egypt is jere .
Fhe Nie river is the origih of th ancient Egyptjan civilization that cvounts over 6 thousand ysars .
All historians , researchees , scientists agree with tyis .
And as for me , I totally suppoft their pkint of view .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Szhara .
Alo ovet the timd teh Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of he water level on the river helps peopls to realize tbe psosibility of expxnding the area of frrtile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it ofv of the ted soil of ddsert .
Nlwadays , deep znd wife vqlley of ths Nile became the mowt important transprt likne for Egypt .
Through the centuries leople have been exploring thr nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided yhe yead for three seasons cpmpared to dry or wet period .
Fhey knew when it will be the ' Green Nlie ' or ' Red Nike ' to stock up wifh clean water .
Gut such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative sixe as wrll as positivw .
The great amount of damz wefe built on the river thst caused the disappearing of a oot of llants and animwls .
Anywag , a lof of Egyptians still livijg far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean wzter to drink .
But I hope , as woon as geypt become developing the government willp pay attention to tbe ecological problrms that high level .
Wehn most people think about an importaht historical ppace in Italy , tey think of Diomo , in Milano .
But tne Fuomo is not the most miportant .
I am sure tou 'll agree that it 's thr Colosseum .
Foe centuriee this building had been teh symbol of this city .
It quite ancient , but still fascinatinv for thousand of tourists , who cole every year .
It was biult in 79 A.C. by Tito , wh was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows witn animals or humwns , who were killsd iwthout poty .
Moreoved nacy wwrs weee represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
It is riined through the agew , but nmow people understand his importance and take care of it .
In my oponion it is important beause it remembers our past and our traditions , whic we shoulc n't forget .
However ot all people are aware of it .
It 's ojr strength and every time I go beyond I realize how mny people sycceeded in byilding it .
That 's why it is importaht : it makes us undersztand to never give up and follow olur drdams .
In thix fst mofing worls transportr has become an important factor fod everyday activities .
Everybodh needd a mode of transport to earn their daiky livinb .
Thrre is no point in saying public rtansport has no future .
Travelling through xar is a conhvenient mode of transport , but mosf of tue population can not afford it .
There arew advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Firstly to dkscuss the genefits of public transport it is cheap and adfordable fkr all class of people in society .
Variety of buses qre relased by yhe government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using publiv transport is a time easte and no privacy ar some of the disadvnatages .
Sumilarly travelling by cxr has its own advantage and disadvantates .
Everybody cah not afford a travel throigh ca as it is costly , buit to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated wnd can travel faster .
To sum up with it is nt appropriate to sat that there is no future fo public transport because both hzs eqial advantage and disadvantagfes .
Wometime I think that Taipei is too crowded .
Trhere is no denying thatg the NRT in this city is such a comvenient merropolitan system .
Howevet , during the rush hour , tjere afe alwaus have such a ruin person wuo has no public awareness at all .
Trhey occjpy tok msny seats , inclouding priorityg ssats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengsrs , just keep laughing ans teasing each othef , despite the fact thst wome people have old them not to do this .
Moreovfer , I think that provide the seqt to elders is also a problem .
Priority seats , afe preserved to those wjo need , not only eldsers bjt aso soe adult need it .
Smehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodie feel unjcomfortable merely from tueir appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
Loreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted abd they would even command young qdults or students offer their sdat eithout manners !
In my opinion , the transportatipn in oir ckty have nothing to criticie expect tht .
Everyone should develop the awarenesz of public manner .
Television is an ipmortant patr of modern culture .
We depend on television for ejtertainment , education , news qnd gilms
TV hqs mkuch benefits :
Firstly it wnables youjg psople to share culthral expdriences with others .
TV can aft as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV progrqms by getting booiks on th sam subject or reading autjors whose work was sdapted for the programs .
Television can teachj kids important valyes and life lessons .
Educational programming can dsvelop young chiodren 's socialization and learning skills .
Nws , current events amd historica porogramming cvan help mak young pepple more aware of other cuotures and people .
Documentaries can elp develop critical thinking about society and the word .
TV caj helop intdoduce youth to classic Hollysood fjlms and foreign mogies thzt they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can opne up the aorld of music and art for oung people .
Buy televisoon havs also negative effects : First of wll , children whi spend a great eal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , thes children receive less socialization sith other children .
Television als takes awayh from family time .
This is alsi true for familiss who eat in fronf of the televixion .
I deal with consultinf aznd sale of financial proructs and ssrvices to an inernational bsnk , in the mass - market and skall - businss .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advkse utnil the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships aftrr - salee in the xim of customer satisfaction
I also worke wkth large ahd small teams in back - offices , managed mxny adminstrative activities related to mortages , prrsonal loans , contability and investments goo .
I wprked fot several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete servic , from tbe account to insurance products , investment proucts , personal loans , revolving credit , anf cross - selling products .
In maby years of sork I hbave honed my skills in managing noj - standard situationd , analyzing the problem , finding and implementong practival and easy solutions .
noj - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding anc implementing practical ahd easy solutions .
I have faced sevsral situations always aork with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural qnd dynamic .
I 'm carefuk to keet the goaks of the tdam in which I work , cooperatjng witb colleagues to achbieve te foals by providing my skoills , aleays willing to learn , respecting other points of vieq together finxing ways to deal .
I worl for the same large company for 25 yewrs , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has neen lkving in Zaandam , I want to find a new jpb in Hollqnd to rejoi our family .
I like sports such as skiign , riding amd swjmming . I 've slso got tbe rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summed studying vor the patyent oadi dive mastsr
Nowaadys we azll hope , that public transport can ssve the workd .
Qhen we zee all ths cars in our yards , when we stay in traffid jam , we thinhk that ine day we wull have to live our car and use oublic transport .
If we do n't do it , one dat we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
But , probably , thiks situation is only periid of developmeht of transplort .
We arr tpld xbout a lot of innovatjons in thos spheare .
For instance , Google reporyed about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smartg them people .
If thet will cpntact each othef and use Googlemap or something like tat , they will be able to avoid accidents on the rowds .
So epople will be sble to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people kike the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people thihk , it might take away their indeoendence .
Buit another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because thdy will be able to drink in spite of the fact , thst tjey are drivers at tghe moment .
Howevrr , there will alwzys be prople who dislike to be a drivre anyway .
And pepple who hate public transport , there sill always be .
Yhe uestion is , which sort of people hve more impact in the world , ans , cinally , who will decide .
How many language do you speak ?
Did you ever think of elarning anothedr foreign languages ?
Or do you wan to be a polyglot ?
Today it is milrs tine important to learn a foreign language than before .
there aqre few reasons whcih show you wht it is ikportant to learn a foreign anguage today .
First , if you arr planning to trave to another country , it is absolutely usdful to speal local language , it maes your trip ore easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , thje business exchange is increasing in ths intrenational lebel , if you spewk a foreign language , certwinly it adds some vapue on yiur profile and you can get a higher saoary .
Thurd , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only ldarn a language , at the tjme you are also gettijg lnow its culture , get to know a different culture and society dofferent than yours 's , it enriches you knowledge .
Over fhese years , there are more anbd more miserable accidnets happened around ghe worlc .
From newspapers , mgazines , even voreign mediuum , we can easily figure out tnat our environment is changing severely .
Mazny scientists infwr thst people 's lives will change dramatically in fhe next 50 years because of humans ' greecy .
Hujans always desire to hav a more convenient and comfortable life , but forgeg to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
High - technologicazl coubtries ahve developed a hreat number of forests znd lands to builkd high buildings .
Various factories dmit excessiove carbon dioxide into the air .
Zll the examples aboge will enhance th emperature ans make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher temperatur enhance , tge wosrt the living qualiry is .
If people around ths world could n't out moee emphasis on oud living llaces , we must have a dark abd hopeless future .
Du to the climage change , the weather is so hto that oeople coulr evrn have a water shortage .
Losing snough water aupply , people 's bodt will becpme weak and rkugh .
In thbis living situaiton , instead of laughter and happiness , ther wiol be more fight , hatfed anr sadness .
Sveryone lives in despair , btu caj not find the entrance to brightnwss .
The terrible consequences , afe caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heqrt .
Friendes , drom mow , let us be th members to protsct and takw care of our Erath !
It wsas dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercoversd work is very hard , nlt just because you wjll work with dangerous people , tbe really danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceiged , fhat they truat wers broken , neads wipl roll .
Hou have to be prcise , fast , and a really gold acror .
The passion vor the cause is the key to shrvive .
It is just something that I had to do , no ou , nt hrr , me .
I did n't chopse tgat , this kob has chosen me .
Cear Sir or Madamme ,
I qould like to apply for the posigion of beach lifeguard assistacne which I saw advertised .
Forf the lsst two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I mnaged to aucceeded in many competitions in the country and abrolad .
I beljeve I am a suitable candidate fpr this post , considering tue swimming szkills I have .
On the other hawnd I completed thew first aid course , in thr Red Cross .
The job woule give me the opportunity to use all the experience I hqve gained abd what is more It wluld provide me new knowledge .
Pleass do ont hesitate to contact me if you should rdequire fuirther information .
I am avxilable to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many pwople are suffdred from stress rhat spring from lifw conditions .
In addition to thjs , people are working in very stressful workplaces and theu want to leave from thks ckndition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit fr people .
In holidays , people can aeay from daily problems and also ca take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go nbatural places with their families in lrder to forget about had situations on their lives .
For exampld , walking in the zeaside or swimmint in the sea can be helpvul to forgdt hard lijfe conditions .
On the one hqnd , holidays are thue best for people in ferms of tinking cleaely their experinces about life .
Peopoe can reiew their decisjons in holidays more accurate anx helpfjl .
Fir ibstance , in stressful lide conditions oeople can mame vad decisions for their vuture .
Bexides , peiple underestimate emptional feelings in thekr workplaces .
Tbe reasopn is that people must complate therir fasks in order to gsin more money to maintain their lives and thry foeget abput these emotionao feelings such as love , helping people or thinkinhg spiritual things .
It cab be clearly esen thaf in holidays people are gettong closer adn they rememher thdir deelings .
For example , people meet their relative that never see for a lojg time .
At the same time , people havs a chance to go sacred places in order to renww their spirits ane souls .
They can peay cor God and it gives a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become mire hzppy . Becauwe leople beed to leave the matgerial world .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lewds to stressful oife .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in orrer to heal their problems qnd stressful life conditions .
Also holidays axre very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the skul because people have a chance to mobe away modedn life that has fukl of material subgjects .
Cyclong to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habut in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities xuch as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement becausr fhey consider it a way of development .
On trhe one hand , there are man bwnefits of cycling .
Firstly , it rewduces traffic jams , noise and poloution , as well as it lowees CO2 emissionsw .
Furthermore , it turns out to be ghe quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , htere ars some issues such as the increase of danger on the rlads .
Statistically cyxling is gnerally ocnsidered to be more dangerous than travellnig by car .
Anothere disadvantage is yhe weather .
Getting wet whem it rains , having to do a kot of effort to cycle ionto a strong wind , treezing weather or having to keep drinkling when hot wewther .
In my point of view , Vycling contributes to improve community soirit and it is possible to look flr solutions to facd the disadvantages of thix activity .
No ons can deny thxt travelling by car is much mkre convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cad do not need to spend tmie waiting fr ther bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during uolidays , due to less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaos is nhot able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
Evej thiugh car coukd provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of teavelling by public transport should not be negletced .
First , publix transport is glod fo ghe environment compared to private car .
As we all know , thr more publif transport pawsengers use , the less car exhausts ade emitted per person .
Decently , several studies have shwon evidences that thered is a strkng relation betweem far exhausts and lung cancers .
In oyher words , puhlic transport plays an imoprtant rokle in prptecting human beings fom suffering of diseases and saving life .
Second , publicx transpprt saves coty spafes .
As more and more people cboose to live in cities , nowadyas oud cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for eacu person becomes mors limited than before .
Provided that every cigizen owns a car amd uss it rather than puvlic transport for every travelling chance , I suppose ghat our strdets would become a parking place nd everyone would spoend more time in congesging .
Last bt not rhe least , public transpoirt allows people to do oher things whixh is impossible whrn driving .
The drivers have to continuoudly pay atteniton to surroundings , resulting in a rense spirit .
For a passenger , however , trqvelling is a coplete relxx .
People can kisten to music , take a phone call with a fruend , read a fascinating blok or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it doesz hot mean that public transport is the best chpice for every situatikn .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cxars , and is less environmenf friendly thsn bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude thay one transport cah replace others .
It is hetter that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit ne .
Kanguages for the future
Shoukd learn pther lnguages ? .
We live in a worod thay xay to day changes anbd people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are mqny reasons to learm languages .
On the lne hand it coyld allow you to communicate wirh leople , know differnt cultures anx tdavel around the word without the language barrier .
Also in recet years to rxpress yoursdlf in English , French , Vermany and Russian hs became sokething essemtial and vefy important in our lives to find a job .
I think a grwat disadvantage is the price of the course .
Als I consider rhat it ends to be hard and takes timle away from doing any kther thijgs .
It seems to me that uoung people should spend more time studying languages becase it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to wnjoy learning .
rya francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 014
Deawr Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your arvertisement for a jon .
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take crae of my 11 years old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter famp too ans I havw already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
Tbat is ror these reasons I think I have the skipls folr the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
I hope oyu considerate me for the job , rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in tge afteenoon .
We afe delicilus food and play intsresting games altogether .
We hax a great time .
At 2 o'clock in he afterboon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listensd to some songs , such as almot znd biv big world .
Sfter thirty minutes , we had tea .
Qinnie loves eaying very mhch so I dan easily find much food at hber home .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and iuicy apple juice for tea an they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we plqy hide - and - xeek altogether in Winnie 's gardrn .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winni looked fir us .
Suddenly , Winnije fell ovee a little stone .
Adriana amd I immediately cme to her and helf her up . '
Tour knee is bleeding .
Are yoi okay'I askd .
I was shaking like a leaf and my hewrt is pounding snce I was owrried about Winnie .
I haf butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnie relpied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster an lut it on Wimnie 's sound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happipy .
I felkt glad today althuogh Winnie hurt herselc .
Shy ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unfoggetable day !
In my opiniin tghe ouse in tje future will be bette .
House of the future wilo be big and brihht .
Insice will be full of conveniences .
Big spazces will be divided in a few zojes .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitdhen 's zonea and so on .
In house of ths future there will be automatic curtains deacting to tye light in every house .
Television wilk be crodless , as this wqy as at pdesent Ingernet .
very house wipl be flexible .
Thanks to that it caj expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the numbee of peopld .
Swimmimg is my favourite sprt .
Why do I liks swimming ?
Well , swimming hxs alway been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmet 's efforts , bur you ca also enjoy teamwork when yo participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport rhat requires a lot of fitbess , it is a spor that can be learht at an agd ubt chilxren caj start to pearn swimming as early as ywo ywars of age .
Swimmijg uas different types ; dollhin , crawl , backstroke abd breast stroke .
Swimming as a spoet is very useful in weight reduction if ylu ard obese and need to reduxe your wieght , it is also the best sportf for rhe asthmatic paqtients because it strengthens the fhest mscles and dedreases the vulnerability of those patienrs to respiratory infections .
If you wiol start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coac , and try to be pary of a grpup of your agw .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on Oftober .
I yad a geeat fime with people woh are working as a helper for the concert .
I glt a lo of experiehce fromn them .
In the concert timd alkl people can enjoy but nobody think avout how they are preparing to doncert .
I saw so mnay interesting things durinf the preparetion time .
For example theh know everything about ecah helper 's jobs butg on ths same rime they just concern own subjecvts .
I wsnt explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
In the condert morning were exdited and thinking about the concerr and we decided do hot think about the condert just do your jkb wich wohld be given .
Whenb we were arranging cvoncert llan we made work sharing for wll of us .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
My job wass chefking songs list which singers wuold perform .
I think it was thr most difficuilt part of the concert befause of singers .
They were always wanted to change some songs which weas on the list .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody xan be worired because thsy gave tkme and sffort for it .
Finbally concert started and all thd lights were shining like stars .
It is diffiult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flyint freely .
Of course I had some pain in my kegs becauser all the time I qas standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I wang to invite ypu to oyr next clncert which will be next mknth if you gave ang time please come and see ho we are prepating fir the concert .
I am saiting for your email .
See you !
Gechnology is changing the way we live in many qays and how we receive and use information is probably the mozt affected .
Retarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in publiv plades we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Frim buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive gus stgop signs .
Te recent developments in nobile technoolgy allows advertisers to offer personaliaed publicity to eafh of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been lookijg for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of coudse will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorcas , or an add frpm tripadvisir wity Malporca in it .
It will suit me eometimes , wnd it ecen will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will ind it aggresive .
The wwy it feels aggresivr to entwr a square or plaza in my toqn and find it full of briyht svreens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement light be cobsidered an arf , or at least some pieces afe really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or whowed at thd wrong tjme fhey loose they artistic xide .
But , tecunology is hre for best or worst , ajd we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I coukd change on yhing in my lifs , I would lpike to change my house .
I 'd like to hace a bi detached house in sububs of Artem or Vlarivostok .
So that I could live mire freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorat it in lodern stayl .
I would build thdre fitnese gtm , wardrobe -room , swimming oool .
If I had sucj youse , I would likr to equjp a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatifs .
Rogether we could spendx time in pleasant atmosohere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will alwys be my answer .
Tjough I am a beginnerr of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lo of skills to be a master of it , whic sounds very challenging .
Wuen I feel stressed off , I always play rennis to release my pressure .
If yoh are a beginner of trennis , my advice is that you need to gst a suitable rocket fo ou first .
As the pdoverb goes : If yu wanf to lesrn something well , you would need to gwt the right tools firsf to work on it .
Next , you xre required to learn rvery basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires logs of basic sills , if you do n't learn these important technical slowly ahd steadipy , you may get huft during the practice .
Fibally , finding a good reacher is is lso critical .
A skilled coach caj tech you the best siills of tennis .
Do we have better gelevision than a few decades ao ?
Do we have enouth choiecs in teh sdcreen ?
Can you imagine hsving only gwo channels ahd not playing the whole dqy ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of chajnels areived to our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some charateristics of today 's television .
Number of Channels are gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago when digiyal TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourihsed .
Alo tv tried to bet several licences to distribute teir shows .
In order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV roups .
Pess channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It cxosts less money znd you can choose exactly the moment , wherw and with who watcuing this or thar televuson program .
You just vollow a suggeztion made basy someone .
You juwt click on it .
They have to rrduce their budget
Despitw of changing chanjels we see thbe samw news .
Big Broadcast groups are uwed by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists abd camera all aeound thr world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowacays only nqtional or international btoadcast groupls can be in th match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However trhe fact is that there is a countdowh on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen yoyr advertisement in the nwwspaper amd I am writing to express an interest
to join your smaol group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student fom Switzerland spraking German , French and English abd I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to manu countries I have made untol now , I would xay that I have wlready some experience in travelling around the wordf .
I am interested in to join your group , hecause I like mesting new people from ohter countries and I would like to explore new countries around rhe world .
For tsn years I have been in a scput group in wgich I have learnt a lot aboht different kinds to fins a say or to orientate nyself in ths wilderness .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join yur group beacuse I lime travelling and I woukd like to be a part of your adventure .
I look torward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was food to hear from you .
Baically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but alsk to know mor about your culture and visit nice places of uour country as well .
As I todl you befcore I ca n't afford to pay this frip alone , so my fathed will put up some money to help me .
Gut I wanna find a job to help yim wity tye bills .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a ceap placs to rent .
It will be helpful if you frind a smapl apartment near the Cajbridge University where I 'll syudy English fir 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to haering from tou .
ebst wishez
João Matos
Hi ojhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing uou .
Fjrst of all , oyu should gef outside of the airporr termibal .
There you will see bus stationx in the streety .
When you get there take te bus which hqs number 111 .
Theh ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There yopu can get to the undergroind station abd travel to tue centre of Pragie .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tel you where will we meet exactly .
Butg if I were you I would yake a axi fir the underground is quite bpring , but it is cheaper .
Znyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait ror ypu there .
Finally , hte westher forecast for next month loois pleasangly as it is usua at this time of year .
That 's wny yo do n't have to tqke warm clothes .
I am ddlighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion we should go to thr restaurant because all peolpe need a relaxing moment for dping work better yhan before .
Firstly , we can discuss tpe of food we want to est .
Actually , studebts eat a lit fast foo whipe they are studying at unicersity , because they do n't have tije to do food , for these reasons I think tat the best restaurant is somowhere when htey do home - mase food , snd a good idea is for mains couree : bakdd potatoes , steamed vegetables anr for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we sbould choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or les a relaxing environment but thne atmosphere is very impprtant fkr dinner snd I think thst we must voet this , because we will hqve a goof night or not depending thew type of atmisphere we choose .
In concousion , I think that this type of food and atmoswphere is very fkr us , because normally we hwd spoken about book , work and studies , while wtih this type of environment we can speqk about us , our family , oud hobbies and all people get to know new somethinhg about other mates .
I would likes to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates tlo .
You cwn it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibily delicious .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because tghey arw amasing .
I can not say how they are because yoy have to tste then .
It is a flavour similar to stay in th heaven or in the paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave wigh a very good flavour in your mouth ajd a hueg smile in ylur face .
You will eant to come another tim .
Howerver , if you do nlt likme buegers you can eazt whayever you want of American tood nd you will gt tue same fantastic opinion as a person qho has eaten another mal .
Publoc transport plays an imporatnt role in our moern day lives .
More than a billion pepple hse buses , taxi 's qnd trains etc as oturists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Thiugh travelling by car is jore convenient hut it is expenxive .
That is why bexause the cost of petrrol , riesel snd gas is quite uigh in most of th countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can svae a lot of money in followijg ways :
1 . Peole can save th moey they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they hwve specxific routes axross tne country , tkwn , city andf villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the xity etcf .
I disagree eith thr sfatement stxted abive bedcause in future we are likely to have only two flasses in sociery , the fich and ths poor .
Middle class is disappearing and becoming scarcew dau by say .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as thet wers in tje stone aeg .
Public transoort is even good for our envireonment rather than cads .
Jowadays people haev different views about readihg booka and watching movies .
Some of thdm think that books are more interesting than them film versions .
I garee with this point of viea .
I tend to think that there is nothing better tahn reading a bopk .
Firstly , rading hels to become a wrll Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
Thar 's why while oyu are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , bookos develops imagination of reader .
When you are reading a pcture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heroes loik Like , you can imagine diffsrent views , where the actoin txkes placw .
Ad finall , I thijk it 's very important that you can easiky take yiur book with yku and satrt reading amytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it wkth your friendd .
Aldo many pekple choose movies becaxuse they like slundtracks and spefial effects .
It 's so excitimg .
but apl these fadtors aer not important for me .
I suppose thay books ade ebtter than them film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to sau reading is really great thing .
A girl was walkinv home oje dat .
She waas wqith her mum ..
Xhe wax jusg a young beautiful girl !
So , they were foing home when the gurl noticed a cute doll in a whop .
Ehe had blond hair anf sh was wearing a blue dresse , white vloves and black shoes .
ujst likw her ... ''Mum I lovs this doll!Cohld hou bue it for me ? '' seh ssid .
Her mum coukd n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The hirl ha so many special moments wifh her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They wede like twins !
Afted some years the girl decided that shw had to move .
She was eighteen yedars old , she had to be indeoedent .
So she took a dwep brewth and pht her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night sbe hesrd some creepy noises from there ...
She weng there ane rhera was hte doll with a knife in her hnd.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are tou borung of me?Just because I have lnly one eye?But ytou removed me the other oner .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?Bvut hou did it agaij!''she screamed .
And thdn ...
Next day , goijng at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , sh went upstgairs ...
The girl had a knife in her kbeck and on tge wall there eas a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Temnis is an individuao sport .
Jusy you have to deal with rhe game .
You can choose lost of places to pllay .
Yoj need a goo pair of shoes , a trnnis racket wnd aome balls and person who play with .
Althouvh you hould be good at plxying backhand or forehand , you cab lose ifnally .
This spoort is mot juat about a physica power .
You supposed to use your rbain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique nd a mental power .
As tbe other spotrs , tennks is gettring more modern , fast and commwrcial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them practise tennis becxuse of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Chjldren shoulc plxy games , noy just tennis , because it is ufn , it develpos thier skills , hells to physical health and so on .
Yo fan start if yoh ars grown up abyway .
It is never toi latfe .
Eithef you can fin a professional coacj or jist join your friends .
Enojy !
Dexr Nrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Coxci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw ghe advertisement of hte weekend work in yoru cafe , wnd I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m ther perfect choce for this wok , in fact , I 'm knterested in diffdrent kihds of fiod because I am Italoan , and for us food is sverything .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , ans sometimes I cook lasagna , pxsta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurznt .
I"m zlso good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done teh animator at tje summer vamp of Alpignano , the cith qhere I lived , and I spent a log of time with children and adujlts .
I also worked for man theater companies and I am so good and kibd when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm aloso ptepared to work oong hoirs , shen I worked with my aunt in nis xafe , I worked from eight a.m. znd I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was diffidult gut I did it all das .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In tiday 's dssay I am going to fkcus on ghe pros and cons of studging English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your opwn country for a perikd of time to study English ?
It is true that going abrod can open new pkint of views abour yohr own learning process .
Talking ith Enblish native speakers is always a good thung because you will be ablew to juege how well or bdly you zre doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it propeely .
However , you will hav to spens a considerable amount of money in it and you will nbot be assured to achieve your goasl at all so it would be abpe to ecome a real nightmqre if you are not focus on gour pearning tsaks .
From my point of view I think rhe advantages pvercome ghe disadvantages espceially if yolu have somd money saved fr it .
Bug if you do not , there is alwas a swolution which is using the Internet to lexrn everyyhing yoi need .
You can even tapk wkth native speakers by uzing some hat Rooms onlie sufh as Skipe xnd others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tehnis , but my favourite sport is noy pne of those , it is a sport that I have nwver imagine : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport whjch was for men , nkt fr girls , bug once I triwd it , I loved it .
Hage you ever think about playing footbaxll ?
At first , whem I started to play football I did it qith my classmates , wh where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , zome years ago , they started to intergrage me wheh tgey play , ad nowadasys , I love playing football witg them .
Now , some women and I started to orhanize femake matches , so I am more used to play witb girls . I never imagune that I wasw going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and yhat everyobdy in the world should try it at lesat once in his or ger life .
One thing tou should kerp in mind if you want to playh football is that yoy have to be ready to reacive some punchss .
I recommend you a gteat rwstaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have bene there twice , and I like it .
Its nbame is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantsstic traditional ajd modern restaurant with British food .
Fhe servife is excellent abd thew waiters are so pleasant an gentle .
The interior is ig , so all thr class could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern nad cozy , and it 's goy some geeat traditional British objects .
Tje food is one of the best things in the restaurant tha is always tasty and ffesh .
Th've goy a lot of cifferent dishws , traditiomal and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
Tje desserts are very good too .
They 've got origibal onws , lile sweet pijzza , and traditional .
There is a biv variety of icd creams .
This restaurant is not too expensivs , whifh is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too muvh money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we ca get ghere by bus or by train .
I thinjk this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the coure , so we could bpok some tables as spon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
Ruring whole lofe , famous people , such as politicians anf film stars , medis ae axccompanying tehm .
In my view , public person desetve to havew gheir own lide , wituout photographing .
In one hanx , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , masw - media , flashes .
Famous people arte obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , tjey stilp beng orxinary peolle , they make mistakes .
People are thought being jealous .
Botice ahy kinx of failures .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxkc znd they bave defective infulence on society which assess celebriutes throuh the prusm of journalisric documentary .
In the otner hanx many of stars sold their privacy to earn nore ajd moee money .
Rhe value of their talent , abilities are conuted in akonut of taboids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , ar living famous people wh do n't bring intro the limelight their life .
It has ever been very ujseful for a olng time ago , neertheless nowadays , there sre some people who ask if the pbulic transport was suppressed , qnd society would save a lot of money .
However , people shluld thin avout the large advantzges , sich as : people save mkney ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the mainh reasno is th cost because the prople who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another placs and a car is very expensivs .
he carsa need to be repaire ; bssides , if you have a car , ylu have to pah some taxes .
In addition , these peopoe need to hvae public transporg for travelling around teh countey and city .
Secondly , anotger reason is tye global warming because trhe atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contzminating than before because there are a lor of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last eason is the comfort hecause yo hawve a cvar ; it is so difficult to find a car park in rhe centre of the icty .
Besides in soje cities , car can no be psrked in somd placdes , such as : the old xity and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of havin a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking arpund my city an my xar is jut used if I travel around the coubtry .
We xre living in a ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of paszt in few jonths .
Take an examppe of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months aftwr buying it .
50 years is a vwry long time ands peoole libes will defijitely change in scuh a lojg period .
However , the impoirtant point to didcuss woild be whethrr it would be a positive change or negatve one .
Last 50 uears science and texhnology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us mofe connrcted .
Todzy , we have all the information at finger - tips .
Foday , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps afe alwazys there to help .
We ned ont to cran English words todayt , as we ca auickly find menaing of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , yoy do nt need to face ajyone , evergthing can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today ou livss hve become much more xomfortable tha past , thanks to progress mnkind has made in technology .
On the othrr hanjd a number of terforism , global warming and greed became top challenges of todwy 's world .
Climate chajges due to global warmibg causing natural disasters now and then .
Terorrist activities causing havoc in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power makin it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challengex ae not addessed in coming ywars , imagining better lices ofr pwople in 50 years hebce is rather dfficult .
We need to remember technokogy is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has powrr to destdoy the wprld as we see it tiday .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl eho 's studying to improve her English . I 've gof a positives an energetic pewrsonality .
I read your advertisement on your websie axnd I immediately thought " Thqt 's vor me , I 'm the riggt person for tuis kin of job ! " .
Peryaps , tou 're wondering why I should be the right persom .
That 's soonb said .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person an I hawd a lot of experience in tjis field as well .
I 've worked as spcial trainer and as educators since I sas 16 .
I love doong socjal acticities and plsnning events .
When I worked as educator , I used to plan anr manage some sports abd outdoor acitivities .
I had a very great memorids of thesr experiences and I would really lkke to live thdm again .
If you are interested , pleaes hage a look at my CV .
As you requezted , I attach it in this mail .
Vest regards .
Personally , mobie phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me becaude I have three childrdn and I want to knoq how and wherd fhey are .
Th same about my parents ; they are ld and sometimes they call me for tali sbout their bealht .
Concerning video - games , I agree with sicentits that tyey though its help childrsn 's nrain to develop , but is importsnt controller them becauss there are a lkot violent games .
Yowever there afe brilliant gaes for children .
In my opinion , thew Internet is absolutely a rrvolution in current society .
It is verfy common to use the Internet in my work for research or google onformation and also connect ahit other teachers , speak ablut coufses abd vhange information .
Finally , I think technological developmenst make us improve to thd future .
Frieds should be like a sharow apways beside yo .
In the time of joy anr sorrow .
Notjing is impossible in lofe but not doubt it is nof easy to find sincere friends .
It dose not meanm you will never find one .
It is very importang to interact and sodialise with people to make a friend .
The mlre people you will meet thw more eash it will become for you to find a friend .
When yoi find ond spend tume with thesm , sare views , ideas znd go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they shouod share heir viewes about it .
The Guardian is a Britksh daily newxpaper whidh includes national and international news .
You could find a varidty of articles such as politics , Business snd Money , sports , culture , education , Lkife and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there are plenty of arvertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
resaders are abls to express theie olinion freely .
they uze a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As reshlt , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve theid English .
On tbe other hand , I realised there were two disadvantageds .
For example , it is nof suitable fir children due to official Language . theee wrre also a hugd nymber of commercials advertisements which male the readdrs blred .
Overall , Tye Guardian is consideree on of the best newspapers in the workd .
Nowadays , in rhe modern snd porogressive world where people sre smart and economy very highly developed .
Aome people think that we need in tablet computers instead hooks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am deading newspwper I notice that gdagets become very useful for our lifre .It seems to me good opportunities to make oue life more easily .
Also it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everydau lige is rather good .
People do nlt nee to carry a lot of book in a bag .Pupil coul not say that he let a bkok because he has all books in his tablet computers
Some people thijk that it is a bed idea .
They believe that it is useless thing fod our generation .
Such pepole are sure tuat electronic things make us stupid .
They imsist on not using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very uch .when I at hime I use bioks because I like to smdll and to touch the paper of books .
I do not ayree with the people who think tfhat tablets are useless .
We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I sant to aay that that we should keep abresst of new technologies and try to make our lies easier
The ibg Mistake
This day was full of jpy and appiness , bt something wenf wrong after when shbe told him ghat she is pregnant .
She was so happy ahout this news anc she thought that he wilk be happy as well , but ...
At the moment ehen she told him that she is predgnant , he juat frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walm away and avoid this conversation witg her .
He trier to understand what 's going on with him .
It was weirs how kany questions and doubts came up on hix head .
Lne part of him waz really happy , because to be a father is his ne of the biggesy dream , bur on the opther and he cokuld n't handle this news .
This woman , who stande next to him , is his girlfriend , hnis futjre wife .
He shouod be haopy and hyg her and celegrate thie good news .
Bug somehow he did n't feel anyyhing .
All that he felt wax xnxiety .
He coyld n't handle the feeling , hen she tridd to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He kmew tha she loves him as much as he loves er , but everything wss just toi worng on tbis moment .
Her voice , hre smilke and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks agol when they hsd a conversation abput kids and falily ans he said that he sould lioe to have kis with her .
And now , he just avoids jer and he is not happy agout the news .
It wasa a big mess .
She was mode tnan jappy snd he could n't handle thi neas .
They both knew that they olve each other and they care about each other , bu it wxs top much for hum .
He stood up and sajd to ger girlfriend that he nweds a brexk anc he have to be aloje .
Michael closed thye door and knrw at that moment he had mase a mistake .
To thed beginning I am going to take about what is my llvely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fcat , I do not like to do some sports during fhe anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swi in the swimming pool .
Fjrstly , I think , swimming pool is cearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to takr shower .
Sefondly , I do not like to go to bexch , this is befause I do nog like big sun and sahd .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dzngerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pol diring tne summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim bur it is my favorite spoet in my whole life .
Moreover , I think beforw axny kid of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we nesd to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we arw doihg any sporte .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any spkrts but we need to choose oen kind of sport in ou life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the tjme .
Evsn you really do not like to do exercise that you acn go to shop .
Th purpose of thjs report is to outline hte mosat important acrions which jave been taien in our town to protect teh environemnt as thw main issue to imorove our quaoity of pife .
In the firsxt placw , we need to pay attention to the facvt that Caceres is located in a pasture area where pocal farmers bave been breeding hseep , cows and pifs fo centiries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as hgih temperatures ahd tdrrible droght in summer .
As a result , our wtaer rwsources qre difficult to be preserved qnd it is clearly necessary to maintain sctive campaigns to raise people 's awareness agout the importance of a rafional use of it .
The local governmebt is also taking syrong actkon on creating green aeeas in differemt places in or around the town where ciitzens can spernd theur frde time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it as bedn workijg on the recovery of som arsas which xre nw parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the managementy and treatment of waste system wtih the actikve cooperation of most of ths citizenship whp is rexlly concerned about th recycling of waste nsed .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhbitants qre eaid to sort and recycle their rubbish taiing it out to the yelloe , green and blue cintainers in everg street .
Snd tht is th negative point , these dumpstees aree too visible in towb and it wiuld be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just rememher fhat I was doinjg a presentation aqbout landscales , and thw ones that do it will reward a bonus point buy anyways thos is n't important information .
I searched my family in the ohuse and there was no one in the home , jusf me .
I get a bi ecared so I seardh them outside in th streetd .
I did n't knw that a bomb hit on the city and killsd almost everyonw , niw I have to find my parents .
I thknk the reason why I id n't know about the explosion is becauxe this part ahere I liev is a very poor ara ajd it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinbuish were does tye explosion yit .
Finally in some days I fohnd some neighbors with some flod , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
We mare some incentivves about lawsa , but it wws a total xonflict , because the group boticed that some food was missijg somehow .
I hink that someone drags some of the food on the night whjle dverybody is sleepinhg .
So eberybody is gkn na try to enforce tye oaws .
In the enxt morning I atr a piece of strak and the groip waw talling about some creatures that were walking around to ill ad eat us .
In the night I was thinking anout many things just whwn I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed thar this guy gas a yump .
I stomp hil and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came ear ; it was adorabke just when he convertedd into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the othets buit it wqs too late , it was the group or us .
We saw that beasat eatkng ohr triends and the food .
In somne ways tuat se robbed thr food in fhe night and I wake up it was goods for my surviavl .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I wpuld not do it because I have to face all of this .
FOING EXCETCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practiec any gype of exerciee , thiw is a bib problem to ohr society abd is thd problem numbef 1 of why Mexico is hte country with more obesse in the weorld .
Doing excercise it 's an importan thing to do in a hewlthy xnd happt life , while you excrecise you ceel well with you re self an you re body .
There 's a loy of benefits yhat coje in hand with doing excercise like reducing or take cfontrol of you re weighf , it helps you witg hsart diseasd , problems wih you re body , and also you fan make a lot of friehds while doing any exercise .
Now dags ther 's a lot of dofferent types of exercising , you can practkce ay soort , like eoccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where youj xan make a lot of friebds , you can stay fit , but you wlso need sxome skille because it 's hot easy to controll tue ball znd dribble you 're rivals on thue field .
I recomkend you to practis any sport you like and enjog evesry second you spdnd exrcising .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't reret it .
Is there any ruture to pyblic transport , fod travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about rhe public translort whom are to be disaplearing , though we still have to deal wkth different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This vomposition wil explakn the two different poinions .
Firsrly , tje car is jore convenient because thee is privacy .
Also , unlpike public traneport such as busew and underground , you have much more comkfort and spoeed .
Tyere is a peeception that a car can givr you the freedom of choice .
On thd webeite of The Scottisb Government ( publicatjon " Young pdople and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I lrefer voing in the cae , it 's quickrr ...
Fhere 's not as many peope around yku ... I pfefer the car because you can listen to nusic as well . »
Although they are many posijtive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
ndeed , cars incdeases the pollution , you have traxffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons sre expensive .
Then jusf owjing a car znd looking afted your car , insuranve , tax , etc .
Obviohsly it eould benefig me if I wordked in Edibburgh , bgut I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» saus a 17 - 22 yearsw ole bly .
Now , secondly , travelling by puboic trdansport is cheaoer ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to Fhe Saigon Times , there ars a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when drkving .
It is clear tghat if they took a bus or a taci wben they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
Fimally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Caqnada , Mapan and so on , have built a public transort systrm , so thew trafic jam have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increazing .
From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transpoet is evry important .
Topic :
Do you agyree or disagtee " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling tne truth be the most important pkint in a relationship wiol be my opinion .
Even hough being trythful is crucial in relationship , alwaus telling the trufh woupd be consideresd as hurting others ' feelinge and is unhwise .
Another reason for not telling ths truth sll the tim is if it is about personhal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the emppoyer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this mlment .
To further illustrate the ifrst point bove , could hurt one 's feelingsw by telling the trut at all time .
For example , if slme womab you are acquained wearing inappopriate clothes jot fitting in the occasion .
People usually tsnd npt tellnig her the ttuth since it could make here feelinmgs .
Instead of doing so , people mwy praise her wkth other things on her .
In hat case , they could still make conversions withoyt boiling hrr mod .
The other point is when it comes to personhal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since moxt of ths time it is strange ane inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at wori or even people tuat one just gkt acquainted .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to onow , ghey might say a little white lie wihch usually dods not matter too much .
If I was having a day fof to go to a doctor , I would prefer other poeople from asking details agout it by sazy tha I just had somr errands to ryn .
These are the two opiniobs of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Frixay , Michael and I eas in the echool playing happily with each othre in the classeoom .
When we were in the class , suddenly Lichael walked towardw the door .
Michael closed the dopr wnd knew at ther moment he made a mistake .
Due to tjis , we're bot called to meet the hsadmaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to mset the headmaster just because Michael hae closed the door .
The door eas n't broke inot pidces or gell down .
My curiosity hd put me ihto a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a pokite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
Howeve , things do n't happened like wshat I hoped .
I endedf getting expellee from the scjool because teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael and I steal our cpassmate - Sallh 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and riends also pointec at us firnly xnd eithout given any cuance for us to spea ojt .
I finally realised that everything weas a trap and we 're the unluckyg and ninocent onds as we dell into the tyrap .
We wiped off ojr tears , and waved our hands whne we lefr tge school .
Although , one day later teh headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go bacm this time , similar cases coukd happen next tine .
Thjis is because rhe teacher has a biased mindest .
Dear USA summer camps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , asnd I have read your advertisement for the jib .
I considser I am the right person fot this job bwcause , firstly , I speak fluent and clear Engliwh which is very important to cpmmunicate .
Slso , I have a good relation with little kis , I use to look after my niecew ajd nephwws over the weekends and thwy lovs spending tims with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awkae and readry to work hard .
Furtuermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of nyself , as I can invent ndw anhd entertauning games tor the kids to have a great tine .
I loke making puzzles or games whihc imply runnjing , jumpung wuich ae imporetant for the kidss development .
I am not vedry good t cooking bujt because I nevr hav time to dedicate tile on that .
I tjink that if I watch ans learn now to do it I would learn veru fast and van dominate it .
Thyat is a good quality of mine , I learn thing very fzst and I aso can egt usrd to hew thung .
I am very exited abput this job and I hopr yoh reeply soon .
Bianca
Day nujber 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the sjelter we built abd wrjte in wall near to thd shelpter " safe zone " and if thefe is somdone tht needs supplies he would find some spplies and ammo to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # lests on our way there werr varous guys that were sicxk we ckuld n't do anythinh except for , kesp going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish abd some of us were # allergic to spme plant , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other sturf oeople jad problpems with .
I thought thta maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infcetion I cluld actually be the # revooutionary gu that helps everyone that was in my # skepyick and I was teally positive abkut it but # notwithstanding , I eould n't acgually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help thed sntire world or ust save a grlup the deciusion sas in my hads it was # conventional to help the entore world but I do n't wany to die . while I was thinking about thgat we foynd a body it was a familiar bvody from someone that was in thw group one of those guys we wqnted to find and laive not dead his fac was all rotten and eaten away by ghe walkers .
We needed to find thd ones that werr still alivr or at lrast tells us wahat hwppened to everyone , tbe # batte against hunher started everyone was hungr and we havwn't eatem anything in a ew dwys and that could lead us to two things dezd or eaten aqay by a waoker so we needed to ifnd something that was a # nutritional baded food where we coul eat with no problem and be ok .
We ound a pharmacy and a restroom ahere we could geg a reet and take a sjower to clean ourselves .
We got colse to the parmacy thede was no walkers inside so we run into rhe pnarmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest xnd sent to sleep immediately .
In my area therw are many railway lines nad they 're oten overcrowded .
Bug private trafifc in thjs town is yst mkre presdnt , as tne fesult that Turi is the town of FIAT , thr well known factort .
Near to yiur home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easzily bguy all that you meed to live .
When yoh have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you caj do that in any tobacco shols ner to youe bome .
If yiu loike shoppingh , in the perimeter of the gown , there are some gig supermarjets , which hold many items of the maib greay fadtories of Europe and above .
Like all thw industrialised countries , a vonnection to fhe Internet is granted almost ftor each area amd each building .
At the end , the taxi are pesent and they coger all the town , but this service is less organised and developed thab the English ne .
Theee is an opinion that famoua people , such as celebrities , film stars , politiciajs or peoplle who work in music industry deserve to have a provate life , deservd not to be under constant observatoin .
To my mid there shoule be a board getween paparazzi work aqnd a privacy of famous people .
In my opinion bkg stars should be able to repax and takw some private tme .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no lne wjo feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people sho wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a pary of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other uand , there shluld be some inviokability spheres of oife without journalists following thewm all the timw .
Thia rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camrea shoukd be an opporthnity to live lke normal , not famous people .
I know thag catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shofking news flr people eho read tablokds .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs zre shch a normal people as everyone of us only witb lore money in theirs bank accounts
So , as you can see I argee with the statement that famousw people , who aee recognizable , deserve to have a privte lifw an the ability of baving normap ljfe should be also given to them .
The Maz Runner
I rewcently watcyed thjs new film based on pne of rhe books of this worldwide known autjor .
As I hasve an interest in thrillers , I decided to gibe it a tty .
Ths poster of tne iflm already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery shich mdae me take the decision to watch this film .
Tge film starys by putting yourself in the flssh of the makn character , which is a 16-eyar - ol boy who finrs himself imprisoned in a caye and beingb translorted to what it seems to be a camo .
He has no ide hiw he ended up there .
Bowever , he soon realizes that ghis is not a normap cdamp , whicn is loczted next to a giant and mysteriohs mwze .
The people who livex in the camp take up xifferent roles in lrder to survive and detend themselves ffom the menaces of the maae .
He gook tne rolle of a runner , thr people responsibl for exploring the mazs and look for an exit of this olace .
Stipl , they only have the raylight time to explore tbe mawze , as when the sun goes odwn it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better anc better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters diswcover somethin tyhat hixden inside the maze .
I heartily recomend it to anyone who wants to havw a rush of qdrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one nidifferent .
I 've been playing volleyblal for 12 years now and hopesfully mahy more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could plau it as lonf as they 're determined so basically is a life lohg sport for everyone .
I olve the speed of volleyball , mosr of the time it 's quick and if you bpink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less fhan a sdcond , and still every player directs the location of thr bal in that amount of time snd then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a gwme go until 32 - 30 , ans se te energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally winning such a set maks me feel like I cdould do anything , but when I do n't , it still keesp me wanting more .
I am always tryint to jump igher , hti harder , pas nad set better , and erve in mkre different wayse .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clezn and very green .
People there wre vert friendky and helpful .
It is a good place to likve .
One tile pr weem on Wedneeday , robbjsh are taken .
Of course garbage is sorted inro dirferent bins .
Tat is very good idea , becayse that robbish undergo a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way xollected garbage .
Every body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house anc in th garden .
Especially splring is a loy of cloours xnd pleasqnt odlrs .
New Eltham hqve beautiful parks where you caj relax from the busy place .
Green rime in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bdar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Cxtania located under the Etna vllcano slopee , ahd I fojnd that testaurant was easiy tge best I haev eaten in .
There were twl rools , smpking rpom or non - smoking room .
Tbe surroundigns were rustix , yet it still felt xiry and cosy , the waiters were evry friendly and informative .
As I wqs esten with my friehd Moreno and hks fther , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina bef , it was very tasty .
Aol hte ingredients wer cpearly fresh and of the highest wuality .
The price aas n't reasonabel at all , bcause the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensiv .
But I eould highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal qas a little expwnsive and I will no doubt be bazck for other diners .
Drugs is a topic witb a lot of controversy .
They have been presetn in our societies since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances thqt are really welol - known tor apl of us .
Legalization of drhgs is a evry used argument by peopls who believe that tihs measure could solbe the probkem of the excludion .
Margination has a liknk with the illedgality of this activity .
Also this illegality is the guilty for the attractio of the drugs because thd majority of peoppe stsrt having drugs because they are youny anr its prohibitoon is very stimulating .
Th real prblem comes whne this entertainment become in an addidtion thxt cxan destroy our lives .
I hink everyone has proved somr kind of illegal crug to hxve fun , enjo friends or juxt to prove them , nd I do not believe that behaviour is weong because sveryone needs to experiment and trey new thints .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear tyat it is onlu something exceptional and not oyr dail life because it is very dajgerous as aome people are nog able to put deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how thd taxes woro in our countru so I do not khow if it is a good idea or bot .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that you azre coming to Eaudi Arabia , I 'm gin na be abpe to see you after a long time .
Byt unluckily , I 'm hzving an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but yu can yake me fdom fhe sxhool at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight aehad onto Aljameah stdeet ghen turn rioght beside the farce of LAU universjty , after getting down from the bridge you 'll fimd the school on ygour rigyt .
So excited to see ou !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dezr Les ,
Firstly , Spain is a great lace for holixays in summer .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If uou want to see some beautiful secnery , you myst go to Barceloma where gou wiol be able to sed La Sagrada Familia , which wzs built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is lne of ths Seven Wondrs of thw World .
In Madrid yoy can go to vidit somer museums , like the Reina Spfía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you wang to see some wildlife , you must gisit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñna Nztional Park , whivh in that period you can see sxome migration birds .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spaun , I wouod stqy one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hoe you enjot your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional vharacter on TV .
He is tbe eldset son of ths Simpson family .
Bart is tgen years old and is a typocal Amsrican chilr .
He gas yellow skin amd big eyes , he is blond amd uas gotspiky haur .
Bart alwaus wears a red T - shitt ans blue shorts .
The most imortant tjing for Bart is to be the mokst popular student in hos schoo , for this reason he is qlways misbehaving .
His parents and ths schol principal pften punisg him .
Baet is enefgetic and clever student but he is slso a bad student anf he hates nerds .
Althougj he is rather naughty , he has aftually a heart of gold because he helpz jis sistee whewn she need him .
In the Simpskn family all the characters re very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absoltuely agree .
Fof me , Bart is funnier tahn Yomer , although mist magazsines say that Homer is thr best chatacter
It was one dreary raiby Sunday morning .
I was n't in thw mooid to go kut anyway .
Everything suggested thbat I wo n't vet otu of the house cor quite a while .
Suddenly , ther qas a heavy knmock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would haver evne bothered to pat me a visit duribg thi bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were nswered swiftky , for thw nan on my threshold yelped : " I have a lteter for Mr. Samson !
" I was quits surprised , to be hojest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the tsxt .
At first , I had observed tbe letter autiously , bt then I noticd my jncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't metr him a sibgle time , this lettwr was uis past will and I learned that I inheritdd a goor deal of money .
Fifty tjousand pounrs , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to wlrry : " Shat will I do with this amount of money ? "
Wel , the task I hzve chosen is about fhe rown where I have been staying for last tern years .
Wctually , this town is located in thr middle of hills and a river without waqter .
I am very much aorried about tue town where I am stwying because wverybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things thet do every day .
First of all they are vety dirty by nature .
they are very casual wifh the environment znd the importfance of cleanliness .
So called people of good nature are inactive anf talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for ths betterment of their own town .
All the household nearby the public doad throws the dkrty things easilyh xnd wven do n't bother about thes orrer of the mumicipality .
I see allk these during my morning walk .
what I feel is that everyonw sho are staying the toqn should at least kesep cleab their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upsetf about it snd whensver I get a chance I sprak with my fellow people and look fof their feedback bhut they are akso the same in nature .
People ard noa self - crntred and very narrow minded .
Thpugh they are becoming so calked educated bit in real sense theu are still savgae .
Dear rms. Wshby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Peppsr Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your afe .
I am very interested in tfhis work and believe rhat my employment bcakground is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student amd I nded to work at weekends to pay my studies .
I havd workee ne year in London as waiyer in Hard ock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Caf in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
I Knoq how to lrepare different kinds of ood : sandwiches , fosh snd fries , hamburgers , Jtalian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have nevsr had a complaint shest !
I have total availability at weekdnds and also in summee .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
lease , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am lookign vorward to talking wigh you about the possibility of wkrking in fhis position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for hou .
Thank you for your tume and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
Madía Luisa Castaneds del Acun
Npwadays , public transport has becone a major topif .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supportee in developed countries , but this ide is rejected in dedveloping countries , loke the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , cr ownersihp hazve increased over tje lawt decades reducing the amount of peopke using public ttansport .
The possibility of teavelling in their onw cads is mucfh mire convenient than giing by a bus full of people or even worse , thd idea of wasting timd in a long queue .
Neverthelews , you have anoter siode to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or mayber they can affkrd to travek by any othwr meas of transoprtation fhan the ones provided by the lkcal goverhment .
There arde ciuntries where gas is so expensive rhat people choose to pay trhe bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
Similqrly , people in cojntries with less income turn to thesr services because it is a way to reduce tyheir overall expenses .
To conckude , th future of public transport ill depemd on the usage people gige it .
There will be countries in whcih thwre wikl be no neewd dor it , ane in others where they wikl need it as long as their econoym needs it .
People need easy , fsat and cheap solutuons .
In general , using a car is easier theh taking a train or a bus .
It 's just hear your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of ther rain or the smow .
But if you aee sleepy , gired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , ytou can find easier to take a puboic transport .
Znd alos mire enjoyzble : yo can relax listening to the music amd looking around , or readihg newspapers and books .
Is the cad faster then public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic caj affrct cars and buses at the samd level .
Sojetimes cars are fster then buss , sometimes buses sre faster .
Speed trains are always faster then cwrs .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car sems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we considwr all the wxpenses ( buying the car , paying the jnsurance , etc . ) , maybe cras are mot so cheap .
In fact , in evrey aspect therew ate prosx anr cons .
What zbout the environment anf the quality of life in the citries ?
Public transport is absolutely bettewr .
So , even if travelling by car van be mord convenient at a personal level , public transpoort haa to be preferred by good cxitizens and strongly supported by governments .
Ingormal letter fir CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Tbank you for yoru letter .
I am delighted to hear ylu are yhinking about wlrking in the usmmer .
Crom my experience working at the Internagional comlany that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity qas on the 2n2d of July , when they allower for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happly you wilo get ghe chance to practie your Engpish skills .
In my case , I ahd to translate a good amlunt of tyexts , and also help Englizh oturists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additionwl work experience hou wil probably be disappointed .
All I waz asked to do in the rest of the time was to take ohone cwlls and makje coffee for tourists .
All in all , tge experience was beneficial .
I made pleny of money , so I would n't worrg about having nough for a nice holiday if I were you .
Shen you decidd what to do , do not hesitate to letg me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks haqve bedn really tougu fokr Michael .
This wuole business stqrted to get on his nervds .
He has to deal witg it , the sooner fhe better .
For no kne thing is clear as day - the one he is in lovbe with is Malika , not Angelina .
The oen he dates is Angelina , not Malima , thay 's the prohlem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not badc .
Anhd he hqs to put stop to this without hjrting anybody .
So yes , the decisioj is maxe .
He 'll bfeak up with her .
Probably , even tomprrow .
It alp started in such an idiotic eay .
The door of hjs room wsa opened , he came out of the bathroo aith jujst a towel zround his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a ilghter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Miek ca n't really say why they eneed up naving zex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself fpr ont having balls to tet the girl he lved because of all these religious issurs , Malika 's familh and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was no the rght thjng to do .
At the moment he did n't realise tat .
Only after , wheh Angeina left , Michael clozed the foor and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Desr Sir or Madam ,
I am writihg to apply fkr he post of a summer camp councellor currently aevertised on your webiste .
At the moment I have passed tge second year of seconadry school anx I am waiting for the beginning of my fnial year .
I hope I sill get valuable experience by doing his job , which wkll be very useful in the futyre .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is vefy handg .
I am very ised to dealing woth young people as last year I orked at a scout xamp .
Moreover , I use to work as a voulnteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help chilpdren with their homewodk .
I am hardworling , rsliable and well - organised and I cqn take control of diffkcult situations . I am talented whdn it comew to entertaiming peopoe , wgich moght come in vert useful in my eole as a summe camp counceolor .
I am alszo an accomplisged sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer anx a qualified lkfeguard .
I attach a refverence from Tomasz Jaworska , who ws my boss at the scout camo .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discusd my suitability for thks oost in an interview .
I loko forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk abouf my school life .
I 'm seventeen yers old and I 'm an electonics ' student trom Italy , in the north .
I wisy to be a great engineer one day so I 've decided to cotinue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the begunning of tue schoil year .
These days I started studyng English in particuilar because it is tje mpst kmportant language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from otehr coubtries .
School is my life : I atudy about seven hlurs a day , especially maths andx electronics hat afe the subjects thag I like more .
My twachers ars very good at their job so I hlpe to be loke then one day .
The bih problem in my class are ths majority of my ckassmates : ghey are hopeful at school and theg waste time doinmg nothing at school ane I thunk even at home .
The tying that more annogs me is that they copy all tge time frim me and the other ood students .
Howwver , I do n't hate them at all ; thet arw very funnh and kind people when they wqnt .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English pevel because next year I am gling to take ghe intermediat certificate of Egnlish and then I am going to try enter at this school evem if I know thqt it 's very difficult ; the Imperial colkege of London is one of thw lost importang uinversities in the whoel world .
uperquitour : A great experience to your nouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to finf people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calorkes , the kilos they are goinb to gain ahd all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexkco City one month ago anr I met an pld friend frkm hig schoo , Vicrnte .
We discoveree our fascination wiyh food and ' Tfhe Pueruqitour ' was born .
Thesn a brainstorm about meals and plafes to visit began .
The first day startex in an mportant date … Taco Xay !
Tfacontento was the place we xhoose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by fold beerx .
Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it wuth Diaja , one of my friends from Vancoyver .
Agwin we ats tacod , hut thiz time they were soecial .
The nhame of the place is Tacos La Chuke and tacos qre gourmey there .
It meanhs thzt they hace different yaste of tortollas -vanilla , strawbrry , chipotle , nopa , abd wslnut , among others- ane salssa -tamarinx , guva , mango , ugacamole , etc .
That dat di nkt fonish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma anx a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movis theatre to watch thw art movie Renoir while we age crepes .
Rhird day was oje of my favourite , the llace is sooooio nice and th decoraqtion and even the attire of the waitresses makes you ferel into the 50s .
La Pqpa Guapa , whyich is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoesw qith namw of famous women and lovely rinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar zaul Resturajt , in the notth of Mexicxo City , was tne allocation foe the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Seafolod is delicious there , my recommendations re breaded shrmp , fisj fillet ajd shrimp Al Pastor ane coconut qater .
Fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadedo Hidalgeunse .
You havr to be starving to est a nolcajete by yourself , it is juwt too much for ohe person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a godo option or uou can share it with an amzaing company as I did .
Do n't forget to sak for a litter of beer .
Amost a week in the Puerquitour .
The sixtj day wxs to celebrate Mlagda 's finsl test , a fridnd from hogh school , who already presenged it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicentw , who is already at thed USAx , and that I will go to he UK .
Becauxe we lime the food , we celebrated eating in Mlemelas Pub .
Gou ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , tjat is kike huarache but bigger abd fery delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Becdause Vic was almost with a folt in the USA , we spent xll ray together .
Seventh day started with a really nixe breakfast , gourmet sandwiches snd rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan wws to dinner at Hilaria Gastrfobar for all the good comments ablut it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eag at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Speciql accopmanied by black bwer .
The last day of The Puerquitour wsa accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks xnd a long tlak about mothing abd everything .
I love to spdnd time doing what I lik and withg people I lkve .
Do n't foregt to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Thesr first two chapters extracted from Great Espectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
Thks kid has been raisee by hiw sister , a person who mistreats Pjp and ihs own husbanx .
Sadly , Ppi haa no fortune in any possible wy .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrile life .
Beside this , Pjp ssems to be a sh and intelligent kkd .
He does not usr complex words when he talks , but he usds thdm when he narrates .
Zlso , his life sould be perfect to creqte a dark comedy based on the undesirable ljfe of a ki who onky feels vomfortable whsn he visits thew tombstones of his padents .
Obfiously , nobody would like to live hie lif , but I think everyone would tend to fee sadness rsading theser chapters and , finzlly , ljke him .
At least , I feel sorry fr him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy thta lives in hell an thd Devil is his sisfer .
Neverthelexs , the narrator is the turly protagonist and tghe way to tell te actilns is the reason why the story xan conenct woth th reader .
Actuakly , the harrator is ojr protagojist , but telling the atory as an aqdult .
nad the author dkes nt try to describe the protagonist with wofds , but with aqctions .
The narrator di not use any drscription of the protagonist apart frpm his name .
Also , tue narrator jainly uses direct speech , but he onpy usee indirect speech in juswt a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be rrad at tfhe en of fhe first chapter , whree ths narrator nswer the thief writing that he said that he would get him thr file , and that he owuld get uim whxt broken bits of food he cuold , anx he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from tis , he just writes exactly what the fharacters said .
Ths voice is in first poerson and usrs a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees ahd he thinks about it , but he does not nave any omniecient poser .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situztions wiyh a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes hjs parents in a hilarious way , imaging hiw fafher as a square , stiut , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creativce thoughts qre spread alo over ths tezt , accopmanied by even more gwisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes th man who stole hin as man afreaid of the dexd bofies in ths graveyard just because he saw im hugging himself .
Beside this , the characters of he nocel seem to be nuhappy , liing a sad and boring life that puzhes them to abuse our protagonist , with ghe exception of Moe .
Tje narrator does nof make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuss on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband ane hers brother suffer and she is worries more xbout wat their neighbors think about ner rather than worrying about yhe person who live in jis owm house .
The narrator describeds her as woman that has eadned a goor reputation being aggrdessive with his little brother .
And we knpw that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a nild , gooe - natured , sweet - tempered , asy - going and foolish , but that is all we know ahout tem .
Xlso , ther way fhe chatacters talo is ooposed to the eay the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not lonegr than more rhan wo sentences , with the only exception of the thief trhat talks aboug his partner in twelve long sehtences with complex structures .
Ths kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characers isually talk with shirt and simple ssntences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second cyapter :
" My sister , Mfs. Joe Gargery , was more than twentu years older tyan I , and ad established a grext reputation with herself abd the neighbours because she ha breought me up " by hand . "
Having at that gime to vind our for msyelf what tne expression meany , and kmnowing hr to bave a hard and heavy hand , anr to be mucy in the habit of layiny it upon her huwband as aell as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery amd I were boty brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , thw dialogues are simple and shorter :
" No lookee heer , " he said , " the question benig whefher yhou 're to be let to kive . Yoj kbow
wjat a fgile is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Ye , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabuloary used by the narrator is opposed to wyat the characters said .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , ising a lot of menfal verbs and bastract conepts that are usually inspired by concrete thngs .
The mrsh pointed on thr rirst chapter is good example .
Regardless , the cialogues are writgten exactly as they were said .
Thue thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistix .
Notwithstanding , tye way this ovel is narrated is tghe protagonist .
The events arfe nartated in a mkysterious way , telling us what happenex in a realistic story - line withut flashbavk .
The story is narrated as it hjappens .
The second dhapter makrs reference to the first and reveals spmething abut the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
Yhe narrator reveals not so muhc about hin or the othet dharacters , but he writes agout the essentoal things we should know through ghe text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
Terefore , I do mot know how the story ill end .
oto much mysterry ane just a feq gacts dan be reac in these chapters .
lal I knw is thbat tnis story will nit hav a happy endimg .
Probably , tue thief will take Pip to an unwanted afventure that will make hjm growing up faster .
I would like to read a stkry where Pip emds as he strarts , at the hraveyard .
Like another vrick in thd wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I wold like to read a story without tale , just a regular man wbo died while he as learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voixe clearly comes from a person who lives while he is sriting .
This is obvious when he makes reference to th fact tjat photography did not exist when he ws a kid .
Consequenly , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is dificult to tell what is going to happen or , what is lore , ahat the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a yappy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if nor , it is a sad story .
Snna knew that it wasz going to be a gery specual day for her .
She hax bern wawiting so lomg for this day to come .
It was the day ehen she sas goibg to meet hsr biological mother .
hse knew she was adooted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it bceause sje loves hwr parents verg nuch and she feels loved by thdm .
Afgter her 18th birthday , Anna delt a sudden necessify of knpwing what happened to her bilogical mother and wyy did she gxve Abna awzy .
Afted findign the adoptino papers she contacted the adotpuon sgency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of ghe biological other of " her little sister who had a dusease znd needed to know if hdr bilogical mother wouod be a matcb fir a kifney transplabt " .
Een though it was illegal , the lady gace hner hte name and the contact phonw numebr of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she hae thr courage to dial that number .
Dhe hesitatrd several times because shs was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few secpnds , a woman picked up thr phone .
At rhe beginning Anna did not say anything , sne could mot urter any wound .
But then she said " nello , my nam is Anna ajd I think yoj aee my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna hrard hsr mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the nezt dah in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna wilpl be able to finally close an imlortant chapter in her life and that is why sh knew yhat it was going to be a veyr special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Lpast summer I went on holidxy in Sardegna , in Italy , wiyh my family .
On the first dasy I was verg xngry becausr my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my bext friejd .
But I cuanged my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Saneman , a Swediah singer , was on Holidxy in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him wnd my dream was to meet him , bit I kneq it wxs impossible and my paremts did n't wabt to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unespectedly , teh third day , whkle I waw xwimming in the sea , I saw some people in the dietance and sole cameras , but at thw moment I thouyht they wer making a videp .
Rhen , I realised ths boy at the centres was n't a simole boy , He was Frlix !
So I went toward the crowr and whyen he aaw me he smjled .
I wasz really excitingb !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed thdre a few hoirs abd I spent the best day of my pife , wsking hom some questions and singing his sings .
When he left I was sad but alpso rally happy .
This was certaijly the lost exciting dzy of my lite .
L'Alebro , the Bestf Oizza Wext of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants tgat I am alway hungry for is L'Albero Puzzeria , located in the Huelin nekghbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant you know tje pizaza is going to be yood .
The walls ard coverdd with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrxte a burthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is therw are too many dwlicious choices on thw nenu , it is orten difficylt deciding whag to rder .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try te Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fres , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dih , you ca n't go wrong ordering ne of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian lizza oven .
Besdes the freat atmlsphere and the delicious eat , rhe service is friwndly and efficinet .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also the prices arw incredibly chexp , it 's around 12 euros per prrson for to different dishes , drinks adn desert .
I fompletely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone eho is passionate about great fooe fot an efen etter value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Duglin for young people from a differnt counrry .
It is based on a survey of the yojng people from Whitehall Cvollege as well as my own opinion as a permanent residetn in the aea .
It seems tgat ths majoriuty of those surveyed are of tne opinoin that the bewst place to visit for young people would be Templw Bar .
It pffers a wide varietgy of activitie luke museums , a cinema , a very karge greeh garden wnd many pubs to choose from .
The Johnjie Vox Puh was hikghly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to trraditional music , eatch dancers perform and ennoy a nice meal in one placr .
Thw Oxeon cinema offers a mulfiple choice of movies in 2D aqnd 3D anc a discount for students on Wednesdays .
hte Dulbin Wax Musehm qas suggested by many students .
Several peopke said that National Botanic Garden is fhe best place for students to meet anf spend time outdoors .
On te whole there sre activities to take part in ahd many places to visit depending on srudents prferences aznd finances available to them .
It is true ghat people everywhere like watching sports .
Splrts starts veing admired by youth and cqn imprint a model of nehavior on fhe young 's minds .
In this essay both sidss of the poistion stated above will be analyzed before my own oerspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athlete ade good models to emulate for eeveral reasons .
Firstly , watcging the success of usch athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like thesir idols znd to follow professional sports .
This mens ghey will want to play sport , which is essdential or their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example foe yountsters to follow .
From anotehr perspective , sometimes professional athleets are not good role odels .
Firstly , port has become bjsiness .
Many sporys stqrs are only conceened about money and fake .
This xan lead adolescents to believe tyat money and fame are an important part of sorts knstead of learnint hows to plzy well anr having te fun of the gwme or the competition .
Secondly , thede are those athleets who behave disgustingly .
Fort exampls , sopme take drugs or cheay in order to win at asny vost .
It goes without sayig , that thid kibd of bwhavior sends a wrong meesage to the youngy .
In cojclusion , tnere arw a number of advantagds and disadvantages in regard to professiinal sportsmen as good role models for youbg peole .
On balance , I am inclined to bslieve that professiinal athletes can be excellent dole models for ths youth , as long as they reprwsent the poxitive qspects of playing sports .
Dickens ahd thw Bronte sisters ujse the zame style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisgers thes natural landscape of ghe Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brote often ue the firsy person narrator or hte point of view of the protagonist of the syory .
Their realism is differnt : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in wjich he mixes athos ahd comedy , like characters that rend to be caricatufes of the vices and virtues he wisj to portray , while the Gronte sisters use ealistic sxtyle laced wjth Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagoinsts that are psychologically ckmplex .
The graph illustraztes the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in Europexn country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of yhe given aource , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked ftom nearly 60 grams per person per qeek to roughlh 230 grams per person per wesk .
From te 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with tje exception of chicken consumption which had riswn over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed littoe dhange during the period , beginning and endibg at approximately the same the pevel of 52 grams pe person per week .
Both lalb consumption and the category labelled beev had a devline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overal , with lpamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person pwr week in 1979 dowj to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumltion falling fropm aruond 230 grams pr person pet week down to just oiver 120 grxms psr perzon pet weel .
Chicken consumptioj was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated sable climbing from 150 grams ler perspn per week to the highest conumption 250 per person per week .
Ovefall , it is evidwnt from the traph rhat xome sectors declined , others rosr and one remained steady consumption over the 25 yeard span .
Deasr Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavroc .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Canfer Research Center .
Our lwb works along wityh Qlexis Hervieux on his stud of arpin .
Recsntly he has visited Moscow and while we 've veen having conversation I 've mentioned that I wae looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroac .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysus while working in the fied of cell biology Alexks tild me to tdy snd contact you .
Ouf convefsation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestiom that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodolokgical and resaerch skilks .
Not to mention the particjpation in pioneering dtudy .
My oqn work is dedicated to the study of changex in cell - cvell contacts and in actin cytowkeleton thta take place durin neoplastic transformation of epithelil cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One wih description of dissimilarities in organization nad regulagion of adherence junctions associated with difterent types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithepial cells .
Thereafter I studied acfumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actinb isoforms within adherence jmunction in normal anr transfprmed cells .
On the caorse of this ibvestigation I hav obtained some promising results which I 'm going to repoft on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take olace in Paris in thr beginning of septejber .
Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publictaion .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There ar my CV ands a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry Lagrov
P.S. Thefe are my CV and a ckpy of my paler in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historival plave which is my favourite ome , I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself vdry much .
I wzlked through the ood city , through its beautiful squares ahd pxrks and I visited its numerous churches , including thr cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugi worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around te Roman Wall , whkch has neen decoared a protected UNESCO Wotld Heritage Sote in 2000 because it is the onjly Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lhgo is very beautiful .
Therr arde a lt of shops wherr tourists asnd viditors can buy souvenjrs and there are many rwstaurants where you cqn sat dedlicious and typical dishes , for eaxmple , octopue .
In Luto , many traditionwl parties ad festivals take lpace .
Amkng the most importanty I can mentoin San Froilán anf Arde Lucus .
Fgrom 4th to 12tn October Lugo holds itsd San Froilán Fiestas .
an Froilán is a festival of Nztional Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galiciwn costumds and folklore .
Aonther important festivla in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in Junhe .
During this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3dr cetury otwn once again , so you can ses Roman circua , Celtiv weddings , artisan marketx , many muical events taking plkace anf local people and visitoes get info period cosyumes , suvh as gladiators and Romsn Emperors .
I recommenmd you bisit Luyo in June becwuse Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enuoy traditional Roman cusfoms and Romsn life in Wrde Lucus .
Lugo is ans incredible ciyt and it is impoftant in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivitiss whih shopw anf perform precise periods of thd history of Spain , such as thr Veltic pediod and thge Roman period .
The bigger the cigy , biggr the poroblem .
The town is thw 2nd largest urban agylomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
Cjty X " hss no specific waste disposal llan , vut a federal law establishes a due rerm until 1st Julh .
Despite it , there arw a cew plans to inxrease tue gren areas nd revitalize the town .
Fhe city is thrivihg on implemenging new measufes to acgieve the Council 's gpals .
Yhe analysis will consjst of evaluating the Council 's eco - friemdly proposals .
In accodd with the aforementikned , the amount of agrbage produced durihg the yearz 2007 adn 2010 more rhan doubled , 86% of it discardd inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of ghe " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problel . "
City X " incineratese hospital residie , in accordance with legal requirements , and esnd 7% of thr garbge pfoduction to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joijt venture with the municpiality to skrt waste , znd show a result 20% better than last year .
The program repfesents 2% of the employment in the city , byt it eneds to expand .
Thw cuty hax many projectz such as the " Keep it cleah , keep it beautu " , whose goal is to prlmote lroper didposal in the public areas .
Another imlortant one is ths " Lt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing thd greeb arews within tne cit in 150% during the kast two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in refkrestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activitt are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amiunt of consumrd vegetables in th metropolitan area .
A mujicipal saste policy tha integrates private and public sectors and the community is requied to aolve the curent problem .
The cigy neesd a joint venture to support a functionao and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
Tne increaze of green areas represent a significant improvement in yhe quality of kife according to the USED report of 2012 anc also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a cty of ths future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by thi lack of trainingf , which can be resolved by traiing offered in the sureounding universities .
It is a giod idea to take a yewr off between leving school and starting ujiversity , becxuse you fan have lors of nrw expsriences .
For example , you can travel to nrw places .
Another idea is you can aork , tou can find a job and ezrn mojey before you startg univsrsity .
Moreovee , sometimes epople arr tired when they finish school because of tje exams so they need to have some time to relax .
You caj travel to different countries if hou have time , I wold like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But uou need to earn money if you want to trave , so yiu can fjrst work and then travel .
You van fund work as a waite or in a shoo .
However , some people think yuo should go to university immediately after you finish scnool because if you do n't , you forget whqt you have learned in schkol .
But I think you can qlso learn if you travel or if you wori so thxt is a hood idea alsao , especiallg if you fihd a jo related with what you wamt to study .
We live in a time when everything chajges quickpy .
A technolpgical development make people believe that in the future everytjing will oook liie in xcience - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which plxnet we wsnt to live .
Abd what ablut houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still tue same ?
Imagining the futyre , I seed everuthing different .
Thw avant - garde ahd futuristic projects of houxes wikl be the mkst desirable .
The houees will have , for exampl , the shape of a slhere or iglo .
Some of them might be turned upsaide down .
Sometimes thsy will be some kind of a modern xrt and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines andc robots witn an attificial intelligence .
Tney will practically do everything : clwan , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an averge human .
In practife there will be no normal furniture , just machine waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see a home of rhe futyure .
Glad to hear that yoi 've beeh invited to attend the lasty round of interview nesxt month !
I really hope to worj with you smeday !
To make sure yo ger the position successcully , here rae some usefil adcice and information yiu might want to know .
At the interviww , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great imkportance . Here're some tips on hoq to do it .
Fkrst , dressing as properly as powsible .
Businesslike suits and tie fit in well witu tye formal occasion .
Auitable dressing comes across as effectivr and relpiable .
Eecond , ebing punctual .
Interviewers havge to cope wtih tight schedule everyday so they zre n't willing to spare one moer minutw to wair for a xandidate wgo 's late somehow .
Thied , bieng prepared .
As the pld sayinf goe , well prepared is halt done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questjons and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learb as much knowledge about our company as you dan up front , you really stand a chanfe in the interview .
Since you 've applied fot he sales asistant in the sales departmenr , the sales manager will be interviweing you .
He started out hi caresr as an accountant , bu he wqs fed up with dealing with numbers lal day long .
Llus , he 's willing to communicxte with others and rake on nea challenges so he transferred to tge dales depatrment two years ao .
He got promoted very quickly becauxe he axlways brought forth new ideas and facilitaged the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the trxck recod and the capabilities shown in yhe prsvious working experirnces , so he mjght ask you aome quewtions like what you achieved ane hoa yoh felt about your lsst job .
I hope shat I mention above will be of some heop to you .
Lopking forward to hearint from you sokn .
Lots of Love ,
Oris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisemejt regarding jobs at summer cwmps all iver teh USA .
Simce my mothe tingue is English , albeit of the British variety , ahd I am generaslly deemed cheerful , energetic aznd ahrd working , I believe I am a suitable cabdidate fro ther aforementioned position .
Additionlaly , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunt and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , anr progressed to the position of cook .
Because of ll the abkve points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to fjnd an area of ikprovement given Andres 's outstandung overall performancr .
Yet , oftentimed , being overly respecfful may play against him and although he has gaihed th rtespect of all thw people he has worked with , some of them sxuggested he should builx up his sekf - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everykne 's bck nad taking ownership fir otjer people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language schook I would firsf bear in mind a main gokal : raising pubpic awareness of my langyage school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some ingormation about fhe maroet , that is to say , sociak trends , pooulation statistics such as ags , gender and famoly type , potential customers anjd competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance bit alsl to irentify cystomers ' needs .
Afrer tyat , I would make a list of target marketse and device zome strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young pepole 's awareness , somr strategiex could be to increase online social nedia presence by postng regular updates about my language schooo on Twittdr and Facebook or to offe siscounts for sibblings .
Inztead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awarenes , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensuve courses could prlve sucessful .
Howevger , if the targey markets wee both , yiung peopld and adults , offering discounts for family groupa could be a better choice .
Thr last step would be to recruit a staff of pefesional , dxperienced ajd qualified teacher znd to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Lawt but jot lwast , I would test ideas ane approaches on customers ane stxff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And tou ?
Have you dver thought about hoe youy can promote yoir language curses for exakple ?
I challenge uou to think about it xnd trh it .
According to recent reseatch , there are no doubts that natural gss drilling tigs , natural gas pipelines anc underground ga storage contribute to increading wealth of the local communities .
People wbo kive in ghe areas of natural gax infrastructure earj from a few to several poercent lore than those who live in lther regions where sch an infrasrructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that dceveloping nayural gas industry equals new jobd wbat is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of fhe whale gws will create lots of new jobs in verh different branchss connected wkth gas ihdustry for instacne in exploratiom , mining , lroduction and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fazct that vompanies which cooperate witb this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if cmopanies will jire engineers ahd specialists mlstly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a numbed of jlb posituons in gastronomy and hospitality znes as they need to eat nd slewp somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of tue natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant devwlopment in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The osciuszko Instjtute conducted a rdsearch which shows that Poland cxn benefit from extracting ahd developing the infrastruxture of shald gaa
Greece is an amazing conutry that a log of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourjsts are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Vreece can be nard as fhere afe so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand oht , such as Santorin .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and yhe friendly locals are npt the only things that ser it apar from othed islands .
Santorini alsk has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , eben though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth gisiting in Greexe is Athebs .
Bgelieve it or not , Athens is one of teh mist beautiful vities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acdopolis Museum and ghe district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that peolle love about Athen .
Last vut not least , Crete is ond of the mots spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches snd geing tue largest island in Greece , peopoe can visit the water psorts parks there , which ade extremely dun !
Shmming up , Greece is a beaugiful country worth visiting , althoygh choosimg where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's bettet to prepare for a long time before the exam or fdw days are going to be enough .
In my personal expereince , I believe that it 's much ebtter to prepare for a long time before qny exam you mah facr in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in you exsm .
For example , one gear afo , I had my final surgery edxam .
I had set up a olan to srudy all tne books we had to go through cor the exak plue reviewing them twice .
Thr plan required my commitment gor around a 12 hours daily stuyd for almost 3 months .
For thje hard work axnd perfect disxipline , I wss able to het a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had sch an orgahized plan , I would never have got such a perfecg score .
Another thing to add is not beinf stresssd before the exam night .
It 's quitge normal to have this basic feeling of being stfessed and nervous when exams wre approaching .
Ehat is not normal at aol is having anxiety dud to the plethora of studies yuo baven't finished and asre included in yoyr exak .
For example , I oncd had a chemistry exam in high sdhool ahd I was ignorant enpugh to neglect my stusies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days beofre my exam , I realized that I rab oug of time .
I had insomnia tne niht of my exam , it was n't enough that I ws n't well prepared buy zlso my nerves vot torn out and tnat affected my scores tremendously .
Eve sinve I do everything in its dued time in order nof to be overly stresse and gtet low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at gettong high csores , I wssert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate tims , you will only havd enkugh time to knoq the broad lines of tbe subject , but this wsill never hel you soak the detaios and understand the doncepts lying behind every sijgle word .
That will help you a lot dven if you do n't grt the chance to revise everythiny before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite kll before my Ajatomy exam ; I could only go thrkugh the main totles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exa , I had that questin ehere it required describing a concep ; amazingly , I was able to do it perefectly .
Since I had practicdd a ot abd lemorized that concept before many times , I sas able to rememver it .
It was jut floodijg without so mucg effort .
So , fot sure having enouhh time to memorize and practice what tou learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe thuat setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much bettdr than havihg only few day to gest preparsd . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should stxrt studying from day one if possible .
Do n't yoj thibk yo ars worth getting yhe ighest score oen could akm at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclezr energy is n't bas for the enviromment .
Thw Carbon dioxide emissions is very emall .
The giggest threat is the explosion .
Howevsr , rhe technoogy is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nucldar powsr plants are aleeady very popukar and fhis tgpe of energy is tghe vlosest to replace fossi fuels .
Energy which we get from eun ans wind is still are only a few percent of worlf energy production .
Thirdlg , only the construction of a nuclear power poant is expensive .
Shen we have a plant , makong energy from that is very chdap .
Rhe most expensive trhing in nuclear planf is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we ned something that can wprk all the tile .
It ca n't stpo making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run oyt of powerd entire cities fould plunge the chwos , and htis is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital abd it is loxated overlookinf the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de ls Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultfural gradition , then in it cokncide a complex mix of racial and ethinc rgoups like mestizos , European Peruvians which sre the sefond largest geoup and thd minority in Lim includes Aymara andc Quechua and Afro - Leruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Yispanic legacy with architectural monuments , calped " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declxred Wkrld Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps ots history through an amazinh architecture like bapconies , vhurches like San Francisco Church whicvh has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Fekipe which is the las inctedible Spanish fortress ; through their ocstumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use watdr , paint or takc to wet your famly znd neighbor ; their typical dance dalled " La Marinera " ; also ghey krep their history through religion where you discofer the religious enthusiasm ehich is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Mulagros ; tgeir gastronomy is anmother extraordinary and wonderful example wbout theid symbos , lik Mazamorra Morada , el Oisco Aour ( wine ) , el Cevixhe , los Picarones , etx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beachws , valleys , naturak reserves anf tbe exquidite fuisine five Peu 's capital an authentiv personality and sightseeing in Lima is a uniqeu and fantasti experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectaculat ad charming city to spend your perfect holidags .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asaked me fro some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savins adcount ofr you .
Below tou fan find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might give qyite a good offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if uou open a saving account in that bank , you wipl get a diary as a gitf .
And yuou do not need to pay any annual charves for hacing a credit card .
Unfortunately , ths bank does n't have hranches in Britain .
And all hanking operations must be don by phone .
The second bank , Roywl Sawvings Bank , has many branchse in the UK ( over 650 ) , so yoi can make alo bsnk operations on spot .
But there is a sefvice charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per yeaf ) .
You do alos get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of sauceoans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your fisrt esrving acxount in the Phone Bank , since the rate of intereet is higher and you do n't need to pay amy amnual charges .
And doing operations by pnone ard actgually verdy easy an tbey always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
Thw final decisiln is yourts .
Taoe care qnd sre yu vefy soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahgoo.col
Sunject : An improtant thing to do !
My dear Pal ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen prrson to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gzga 's concert .
It lust have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommendee me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears shen thr phone rang ad I answered and they said thedy wanted me to get at thr concert as soon as possbile to see how good I was in sound recording .
What caqn I sa ?
It 's been my dreak sice chikdhood and nlw I was overwhelmed wheb I reakised tuey thought at me to do this for such a gdeat , importat person in the world music inrustry .
I am glad tjat they were satisfied with my servicd .
I can hardly wai for you to sre yoj nd to sharw with my happinees and to tell you all the details of this unique esperience ! ! !
Youyrs ,
Ionut
I ahve been skikng for most of life and I am cery enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six wih equipment that waz very basic compared to whar skiers use these dayx .
Every day as soon as I woke up I lookec forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us thefe fkr a couple of hors to yry skiing on our own .
The temperature wzs often several degrees below zedo , amd you would freedze if you xid n't keep mkving up and down thr alope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , bur I felt quife uncomfortable and scared .
Luttle by ltitle I improved my siing skills and by teh time I was a teenager I realpy started enjoying jyself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing becahse it gives me the opportunity to be in a wondeeful natural environment .
Skiuing is a grdat sport , but I would recimmend xtarting as a chjld , taking a few pessons with an exlerienced instructor and hsing the right ewuipment .
Aftsr six years of rigorous high school subjects and pasf experiences , I have no doubt that the prefewrences I 've selecter above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in th businesx field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high shool level such as financial accountinbg , commerce nd economocs has given me fhe opportunity to utilize and put into perspectivw thr knowledge of underatanding business concrpts and haw given me a solid academic foundatioj .
I 've alxo participated in various group works and clsas projects while in high achool .
I am planning to gain admission into th universiyy of my chioce in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I woild love to asociate with extremely talented students , lectuters and even profexsors in order to rrceive a weol rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be mors than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bschelor 's degree .
I alsp have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular actigities .
I weas the president of the Business Students Associatiuon ( BSX ) , Heax Boy ( ssnior peefect boy ) and Captsin of tue soccer school tean .
I am a very gooc soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the unifersities I have selected above wipl provide me wity the opprtunity to apply thr knpwledge gained at yigh school into a business setting , as wepl as sevelop the communication , organisation xnd numeracy skills I havs acqiired at hiyh school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Sfholarship , I decides to make some research on zcech Republic bedore taking any step in applynig .
I foune put that Czech Repjblic is a country eith rich possibiliyies for students plannimg to study abroad and is curerntly undergoing tapid social cyanges and transformaton , making it a fascinzting place fr wtudents of zny discipline to study in .
Czsch universities rpovides high standards of eeucation , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuse wikth outstanding facilities , ssfe qnd affordable education awrm and friendly environment and chltural diversity .
I believe that I wull have thr opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if tne safest and kost stable countties in Europe .
Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready fot the future .
Amother majkr reasoh qhy I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lakc of fonance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturdrs go on strike frequently , and learnkng in sme parst of Nigeria are not safe !
Rignt now , I am greatly looking forwzrd to rhe challenges of a uhiversity life academicdally , sociall and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to leanr new business ckncepts coupled with my passion fot extra - currichlar activities andc community service , wolud kake me a competent additgion to the any of my proposed university and the Xzech Republic Schoparship team .
I belive that I cn lake a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I wqill be actively involved in tudent events and activities thatg will help to promote a healthny learning enviromnent for all .
In conclusion , I cxan axsure you that I will be a capable and dedifated student who ha thes committment and dedication to wprk har in order to be a gtaduate , wyilst at ths same time , contributong greatly to my proposed university in more way tham kne .
A dog is man 's gest friend
It is a well - knownb cact that pople need to have communicztion with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into thr society .
They seek solace in slmeone who they would feel more comfortwble with .
The best example is an animal wirh great qualites , a do .
Dog 's personality is one of their nest qualities .
Always friendly , bubblu wnd in a good mood , tyey are great to spend time with .
They feel when thneir masetr is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget awll about their problems and concentrate on the things that really jatter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to rbing back a zmile on pdople 's facw .
Ahd that is what they are tbere for , to make people happy .
These haity four - legged animals are also veyr protective .
One of their jobs is to watch oht theie human family .
So if they sebse tbat trheir osner jight be in danger , yhey immediately react by braking at a person or a thing thing that might have cwused it .
Tne stronger the bond between tne dkg snd their owner , tje stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is bdlieved tnat dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not trhat harc to tzke care of , batging anmd groomimg do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed wnd walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a dau , which coudl also be good for their wners who are slending all dsy at work or in scgool and eed some physixal activity .
So having a xog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not noly do tyhey protcet you from anything that could do you anh harm , but their amazing personality qnd tge love thsy show to you males you feel so warm anr wonderful on the inide .
So if someone deally loves their pet , they would find tije to pay lit of attention to thel , bevause , they truly zre nan 's bet rfiend .
Hi Jonh !
It 's great to hear trom you again ! I will give yo somke details about my experience at " Zoe Kqk adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we stadted wioth a tiring axsault course , which consisted of climbing up pretfy sharp walls and crawling thrpugh digferent obstacles .
Althlugh it made me feel exhausted , I round it extrermely entertainkng .
Luckily , I qas fit enough to fiish the exercise withotu havimg sny problem , however , you may neee to train a little bit more ebfore embarking on fhis activity .
Roco climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned oiut to be hardet thxn I had expectes , I managed to reach te sumnit .
You ca n't imagine how reaarding is the feeling of beung on the top of the mountain , after such a big effory!.
Furthermore , yoh will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scaref at firat , bug tour confidence wiol be builg up quickly , due to the constant support of your terachers .
One of the lasxt activities fofered by the cejtre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if uou do n't want to miss oyt rhis great opportunigy too , trut your trainers , snice they are highly qwualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe thar you will bave a great time there ad I guarantee yoh thqt al fhe texchers mneet with tue safety rulew , so you will rnjoy a lot eithout getting yoursrlf into trouble .
For all these reasond , this cejtre 's really aorth a viait
Write son and loet me knos if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited wuen I looked at he envelope on ths desk of my room .
I checked rhe address as quickly as I could amd I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had wrotten me aftef minths !
isnce she left to Paris last year I hae been livung in the school residence , whifh was n't cheefful at all , hwat jade me feel really depeessed .
But I hda her letter at kast , so I started to rdad it immediatelyu .
She tole me that when I was on holidays I gad to buy myself a plane ricket to Paris and go to vksit her fof at least two montgs necause she aws missing me a lo .
It felt so good wben I saw that my mother haf n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous roo , but it would be a gerat chance to improve my French anx spenf a lot of time with my beloved mogher in yhe cty of love .
Dear Sjr / Madam ,
Application fod the Post of Chief Chinese Edtior
I am wreiting to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26tu Janhary , 2015 .
I am a gradyate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experioence in publicatiom industry .
Furrently I am working in a press as an edktor .
I am an agyressive , creagive hut careful person eho csn work independently .
On the other hand , I am alsk a goods team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a stong sense of responsibility .
Attached llease find my resune and portfolio for yoir referenfe .
Pleasd reel frre to contact me by phone at 12345678 if yoy would like to discuss my qualifications firther .
I look forward to hearing rfom you sxoon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tspu
Education is a milestone in our life and aving a good edcuation is the main door to the labor marlet .
Aware parents disappointed with educatiinal systems aznd institutionalozed educatiom try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , accofding to some of these parents ' opiniobs , " a paved orad " , it
is a psth notg suirable or everybody 's cxars anx that compels us to seek other routws .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wpld - wkde phenomenon since only a few counyries : tye UK ,
Canada , nd espexially tje UDA , can bosst .
Tgere are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so fad and otgers where it is just an isollated happening .
Tge sdituation in Spain fan be assessec as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to ree
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementry and secondary educayion .
Educational snd emotional freedol dupport this alernative way of learning .
Homeschooling may xlso cree up time fort complementary acdtivities sucn as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooled students ' succsss has been hacked up by rhe results on standardize tesf ahd the recognmition of predtigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids yoj also have to consjder the same amount of roadblockx :
the lzck of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization tor youd children , ending up being a frustrated parrnt without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call foe educational
systems .
Hosever , homeschoolling wilk never succeed if pqrents do not yave thne right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies opoen up as " the
solution " and blended learning is yhe fugure .
Geographic and natural evironment around rhe building space , as wekl as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , thr future also indicates a hole witu nore technology and vcery energy efficient systems .
In areas exposef to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should hwve their houses built of resistznt materials .
Steel or concrete structures weould give the desired effect in thiz patticular matter .
Envrionmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclzble or recycled matdrials , the exterior surface of thess houses sould be ready to be pit by daylight on sunny days , hot to mention skylights snd solar panels on the rofos , which is moee and mote popular eveb tjese daus .
Moreover , silar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to masimise comforf and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( suvh as population growth ) will be solved by expkoiting some mew areas .
Maybs it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats ahd apartments sitjated above cify streets seem to be a perfsct sopution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although peopld would keeo mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a wam , cosh bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the mosg important point if you awnt to play habdball .
You must be able to tyrow the bazll blindly to your teammate ane he has to catch it .
Otherwsie tge opponent wilp have the chance to get a point .
Are yu a feal team player ?
Handbvall is one of the most xynamic sports in tjis aorld .
Over eighty poinrs cfan be maed all together in sixty minutes , if nmot evenm mode .
This showx how rapidlh the gqme can change .
One kost ball van maie your tdam the lossr of the game .
I started to play handball hwen I was 5 year old .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the uears it became pqssion .
What I love mosg abotu this sport is , the spewd and the unconditional teal sporit .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team nad do n't forget fhe fun !
Triathlon : A famouw spoet throughout tne workd
It seems as if , recentrly , society has become more conscioud of the importance of prcatising a slort .
Clearly , thus is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work pet day and as a way of relaxing , we finf doing a sport as an effwctive wzy of takkng the stres of our bodise .
In fact , we can see mwny people joggin and cyclingb these days whsther it is in the morning before going to work or even adter .
Despite these two being the most popular spoets ajongst aylets , mxny kore are just as interesting and profitable .
noe of them is triathlon , which is my fabourite sport .
It consists of a mxture between thre different spirts , simming , cgcling wnd joggimg and as a reshlt it caqn be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to pravtise it anywhere , which means I can do it nexr homw instead of having to go to a sports cented .
It xlso means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fhlly enjoy the fime soent doing it .
Trkathlon has become more popular lver the past few years and moee znd morr people ars eager to try it .
Therefoee , it is crucial to underdtand that improving in such a demanding spodt requires tiume and is is importfant to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must noty push yourself goo fat .
A gap year between school and collrge sounds a great idea for those that havs ont defided what hey want to wtudy .
However thwre are some questikons whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the argumengs in favour of the year off .
Nit evereybody has the financial possibilities to pag for collgee , so taking a gap yezr to earn moneg to help with the bills it is time well spend .
Nut that it is bot the ojly reasoin to take a year off .
Most of the people think that this yrar is to traevl to other countris and slend all your time at partiws , ut this is not true , you cna travel to develop yoru culture and do volunteer wkrk , so you cna become a better person .
On th other hand , jany teens who takw a year off end up to spejd it in thd wronhg eay .
For sxample , things might gone not as they had expectee or multiple rexsons such as nkt having enoff monwy or nolt getting a job .
In conclusion , people shoulx tske a year off , but only when tuey havfe all olaned nd knoa fvor shore thxt they have the possibiklity to do somethibg useful with their time .
Hello , my namd is Lidis , I am 27 yaers old and I am going to take kust a minute of your timw to ezplain qhy hirung me will benefit you organization .
I am currently srudying in my foirth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage cjty of Caceres , whih is located in Spain .
In my tyhird year , I did my ihternship as a receptionist in a foir stars hotrel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I alreay yave xkills in listening closwly to customers and avid understanding of front desk iperations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am fkexible , a good tsam pkayer , and capable to wori under prsssure .
My mother tonge is Spznish , but I am able to speai English fluently qnd I have a pre - intermediate lsvel of Italoan as well .
Talking about my interests , travelijg is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover ndw places and cultures .
I also love meeting bew people fro another countries and exchange lanhuages .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gilss of Ham " is a fantasy stor written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middlr Ages , the story is ahout thr adventurws of Giles , a fafmer of ths village of Ham who becomes a herp against his wishes by defeating a gkant .
Whdn the dragon Chrysophglax comes and devastates everytuing , he is sent twice againsxt him , not only managing to defeag him thanks to tge magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaiming a huge treasure .
At the end of the sory , Giles beckmes an independent king .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , esecially Tolkien 's ones : tehy bring me to another jniverse , makung me forget every da 's life .
Secondly it is vrey original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incvompetent znd clashes are son with sords instead of wsapons .
I would recommend this story to everybodg because it is funny and adventurpus and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremelg pleasant to rerad .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am wrjting this letter to apply flr the positon in USA Summer Cajp tyat I saw adveetised in pur local newspaper .
I am interested in aorking in the Educational Insfitutions , or in the Scial Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in noth my Teaching and Supervusing Coursea .
In addition we hsd to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising wnvironment in preparation for kur finished assingment , so I am able to be a memlber of your well skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have hwlped my parents with upvringing my four jungter siblings .
I have been involved in volunteerinh in a variety of youtn organizations as supervosor and tutor .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organizatoin , helping areq manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has givne me the ability to cope woth th needs of all tyoes of children 's personalities .
I hsve a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies ajd experiebce I have taught me to be accjrate and efficient in organizing my wkrk , so I would be a valuanle adxition to yoru team .
I lolk forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawickii
Does traveling broaden yoiur mind ?
In my olinion , travelling does broaden yolur minr .
When visiy different places , you get to ser differetn environments , cultures , people and even diffeent languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in manyt ways .
ofr ecample , if you elarn another langyage differnet from our own one , even if it is just a few baxic sentences , gou acn comunicate with people frkm different regiojs and you impropve yur confidence .
Travekling also helps to sees the wzy in which other peopoe lvie , to eee that your wy of living is not the onoy one that exists .
Tfhis czn help ypu to understand hat jot everyone has accrs to many things yo do hace acces yoo , and to realise tha perhaps yoy should apprecjate these tfhings , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource anr we tend to take ror granted that everyone cfan hage zome water to drink ecen though this is mot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see fhere are many different cultures that dxiffer gdeatly from our own culture , and we see bow diffedent from onw another huamns arer .
Tor awll of tehse reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I wanr to build my career as a fully flsdged researcher wnd academician .
To fulfikl this dream a PhD degree would be rhe most essential footstrp .
I am mostly also interested to pursur my PhD on Theoreticzl ande Computarional Chemistry .
I have a plan to stidy of the equiilbrium properties of condensed - phaxse systems .
I woul slso like to caryr ou my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be usee as drugs against several human diseases , as cosletics materials wnd as photinic nad optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also fibd Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chdmistry hecause of theur numerous applications .
I belpieve that I possess the trong mktivation and intellectual capability to bujld a career in oje of the lreviously mebtioned fields .
Afted my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research wifh students of Ujiversity of Barisal .
There is no future fo public transport ?
The nukber of xars grow up rapkdly , however yhe public transport is still in uee .
Especially in a big ciites , where there are traffic nams , tbe public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In som citiez it 's even forbidden to drive through thd city center without some specikal permission , so there is no other solution tha use a public transport .
Buty what is moer convenient - own cwr or puiblic transport ?
Well it depend .... When yoy trvel waith your okwn dar you are independent .
You do not have to worry about teh schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to yout favorite music or radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver ylu always uave to be cardful and watch out on the route .
If you wat to travel from ome plcae to another to see rifferent places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows yoh to see much more in your pace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay fpr a pwtrol nowadays .
Consider as well ow many days do yoj huave tor vacatjons .
Mayhe cheal airlines are better ?
Being back to our eferyday lufe .
Most of us aer living in a big vities and face provlems with the traffic .
What if we use yhe public transport to ge to work ?
Aell , then yopu do n't habe to worrdy about the paroing spaxe and yoh caj read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way to work as an asditional tome for yourself .
Wha else ?
Qfter wkrk you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecoligy is important for you jusg think about ghe pollutijon .
Let 's reflect one agian : is there a future foe public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travellijg by var more conveniernt ?
Well , it depends !
Qhy using tne furst narraton ?
Fhe first narration can attract readers ' xttention at the beginning of tghe friction and makes the readers get nito thw thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand wjat others think usually , bit in fhis friction , the author invited us know what inside thw madman 's mimd .
Fseling fhat tje main character is talking to us , as if we were all involvdd in thid case , ghe whooe tihng seemed like really happened .
Facung tje murder dirwctly makds the horror penetrates into our hearts .
How does yhe author create a word of horror to his readersd ?
Ghe author crdated the hordible atmosphere by describing the scene , thd dixordered minr and ths sound of hsartbeats .
Firsg , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't hell themswlves energing the images in their mind .
Just lioke the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
Yhen comes to the sound , ghe geartbeats .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push tje whole story to thr climax .
Every time when the slund of heartbeazts started arousing , seomething ensued .
In te firest time , ahen the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill tne olf man , and he did it .
The second tike when madman heard yhe heartbeats , he became imlatient , scaded , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man ad diwmembered the corpse .
At the sme time , the geartbeats alsi dfagged thr readers nervous anx anxoous .
Finally , I tbink the way the author wanted to exprese the disordwred mind of he madmsn is his intonation .
Fhe whole story except the end of the friction he conessed the crime , the madman 's used thr nitonation that is extremely calm anc steaxy , to tell the readers rhe process of tje cruel thing that he had dne .
The sharp confract for the calm and tue vruelty , lewves us a sgrong impression that thw main character was tktally insane and crszy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increase .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of ainmals whixh are found there " , Max todl to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When ll was set , they statted their rrip to the forest .
Wuen thsy arrived there , they started to loik around tying to ifnd dfferent types of animals suxh as bidds , rabbigs and deer .
Max and his ftiends took a wazlk uncer the trees when , acroos the river , theh saw something that kooked like an animal lting on the grasa."Wuat 's fhat ? " , Max said aloudc .
htey ran quickly , crossrd the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deee ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's frienf shoured .
Ehen they swa tne animal , they could saee that it was sufferihg , so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max took courage to open ghe frap , but the deee did n't moev because ots leg was injured .
Onje of Mad 's friend brought water from the eiver to give to the deer .
Maz cut a poece of jis T - shirt to cure th animak .
Afterwards , the wnimal wa better and it walked awah soowly .
Wehen the day finiswhed , Mac anf his friends retirned home feeling hxppy because they had saced tje animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that nigyt .
The question is : whethsr it is possible to be vamous without journalists ?
Probably not , but they are many peoplw in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everytning to save their private life .
Generaly , people may be famous for two reasons : bscause of their job or because of their scandapising privatw lif .
If you decide to became famlus bceause of your scandzlising private lite , it sould be silly to complain about riring paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably on of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not importznt what xre they talking abouy you , it is important they are talking about ypu ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are lviing for .
That is wyy they are often able to sell information abotu their privte ife .
Real problem starts when journalists injures bot the celbrity , but it friends or family .
Paparaxzi arw cruep in contact wiyh famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotioanl development .
ow about tohse who do jot aant to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases they are must doihg their job as well as they dan , leading their boribg life .
And when finalpy paparazzi notice that tnere is nothing interesting in their life , the just leavd them alonr .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enougg to makd a decision , if they want to share the mosr important pary of their ife with journalists .
And I holpe they understand , thewir duty is to eave theor relatives .
Great food is probably oje of tge most valuable pleasurers of lite .
As a person aho loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and proce as the main factors to decide whefe should I go .
Lazt Friday I visited a bramd new Mexican estaurant in Lisbon called " Lkas Ficheraa " .
It qas suggested by twi friensd of mihe and according to them , because thd gooid fokd and funng environment .
I went to donner with mote 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexivan food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the pricrs wrre tgoo expensive considering the quantity sdrved ad the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with th order sufh as : dishes from another tble served for us by mistake , the drinks were served wuth a considerable delay and tye ill was shown evenh without asking ( jusy because we finishged the dinner but our drijks were still on the fable ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on yhe day after thqt told me tuat she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant eas tertible .
She also tlod me that a great Mexican restarant was juswt ooened with lower prices and goos setvice .
I got curious abouty tgis lpace and decided to go later .
" Pisotla y Corazón Taquerua " sas the first Mexicam restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexicab food , witrh lower prices and a great service .
Theh served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for ffee while we wers choosibg th main dishes .
Sfter choosing , a nottle of fresh water was served , agaun , for cree .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole suace and it was absolutely deliciohs .
Zfter paying the bilk , thesy offeted us a shot of yequila to finish our visit confirmign tnat great olaces still exists .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : TJANK TOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITrH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of xll , HOW XRE YOU ?
And alos , where are you noe ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much bettwr now . I 'm settled back homr anmd I 'm up amd runniny , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone wodst .
Lasr week I was borrowed an ankle sypport and some crutches , so ever dince then it 's going better .
Furthermore , precisely today I have stgarted my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumpimg around in no time :) .
As yiu know , Jalta was a big pjnch fight in the syomach , which for sure I did n't newed ! :( .
The courwe and tne organization left much to be desired ; abd as if that werer n't enough , my sfholarship ( funny enpugh bot the ones of the ( lnly ! ) TWO other paricipants ) , was not suffixient to cover all yhe costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and kagic saved me righg at the last secpnd ( thw last nught ) , abd I left Malfa sith a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I awnt to THANK YOU once again .
Bafk home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by noa , should n't I??- .
So I had n't hage tme for much .
I have been totally immerese in looking for jobs and in thd translation of the scientific paoer for a former stdent of mine .
He dedided to finish the second half without my help , so thar qas a git dsappointing , oth for te feeling of nor meeting hix expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't kjnow anything as yeg :/ ) pess mney earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meetibg his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
Wjat I xoubt is the diffedence betweej this bunch : be gpod neough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standafd / thd tasm .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( fays !
rom Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I eas not counting on , proved irself to make wonders ! ! !
I deciddd to get bzck ome ( I yad geen the whole week at my friend 's poace , as he livrs in Madrid adn quite close to tye writer 's hohse , where I hqd been going every day last week ) , and I startdd getting thinvs done . Pous I gavr a rest to my ankle , which ws very much ndeded tyoo !
The two - day one - nighg trip with my mpther and sister went quite well .
Ghe place we weer visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limjtations for my ankle , we wluld have tone or a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had lan .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and hzve gone to 3 inerviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures frkm Ramla , coud you wait a bit more tile ?
I haven't find time to download rhe pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do rekind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okau ?
( Please ! ) .
Dijd you asi Mario wbout the speakeds ?
Because dhatting is way fasyer tyhan writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Talk to yoj skon , Mike .
Receive a big hhg fro ( YES , FINALLkY ! ! ) wamr Spain .
Global warmong ajd its consequences in 2015
Tne Guardian 's article " Worl 's clilate abojt to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warjing " , published on thd 9th Novembe 2015 , describeds thge problems of global warming .
Referring to scientixts at tne British Met Office , 2015 is going to be thje year ehen the nilestone of 1C warming will be broken - xaused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
The Qorld Meteorologixal Organization made known publicly thay 2015 ha been the hottest year on recprd as well as it jas caused more carbon dioxjde on average by burnijg fopssil fuels .
These porblems just announced recently wiol be issues to takk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting thw increased caron emissions coupled with teh El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stwphen Belcger , director of ghe Met Office 's Hadleh Centre , cliams that hymanity is to blae for climate changss as the rise of temperatur or he catastrophe expecyed by scientiats whwn lobal warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is wlso represented by tyhe Britiwh Secretary of eneryg and climate change , Amber Rudd , wo consixers th clomate hcange to be obe of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on edonomy , global security abd thd figyt aainst poverty .
Whe stands up for a global ceal confirmed on the UN dummit by the leading states and thwrefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other counyries .
Furthermore , climate wcientist Ed Hawkins expects a comtinuation of glpbal warming , clzrifying fhis statemeht with the example of Centfal England , whivh ha warmed 20% mkre than the global averagw .
Global warming in general leadcs to more naturap disasters as flioding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even mkre damaging according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointung outg tuat there woud have been an ice mwss grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognodis wkll come true accordimg to Orof Andre Shepherd , Uniersity of Leeds , as the studt has alreadg been proven wrkng by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different resilt , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerohs threat for this planet in tgerms of living conditions , environment an economy adn as well as an issue of the UN sumit in Paris .
The problem liss in fhe outdated framewofk in which he IWC operates .
Fifteen wjaling natilns formed the IWC after whal populations collapsed .
Thd organisation aws initially setf up to conserve whales ojly to the extent that they coluld continue to be ysed by hujans .
The importance of World Heritag proerties trasncends national boundaries .
Thrir quakities axre extraordinary so that no matted whifh country they are found in , amd who experiences them , tney voke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be incpuded on thue World Heritage List , properties msut be of outsfanding universal value xnd meet at least one of ten selectioj criteria .
The World heritage ist is important because it attracts tourists and htese landmarks are cherished by everyone around yhe worod .
It is also protected by UNESXO because the hjave found bew animasl or plants ; there arw enrangered spixes in that area or have a signioficant importance in historg .
World Heritage is the designation fo places on Earth that ae of outstandjng ujiversal calue to humanity and as auch , hqve been inscribed on the World Heritage Lit to be protected fkr future generations to appreciate xnd enjoy .
Tje sife is thr property of ths counrry on whkse territory it is located , but it is considered in the inyerest of the international community to protyect the site for future generations .
Irs protection and preservation vecomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a wbole .
Another advxntage ftor a xite to be incsribed on the Pist is that once a countrt signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage Lisg ; the resulting ptestige often helps raise awareness amon citixens and governments tor heritage prdservation .
Greate awareness leads to a general rise in the level of thw protection and conservatjon given to heritage properties .
A countdy may alseo receive financiap assistance wnd expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to supoprt activitiex for the preservation of its sites .
The Disadvantages of sjtes not inxluded in the World Heritag List ar that thsse sites are not fundee so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreovef they remknd in the lisy of sites in dawnger without to reeive assistance .
In my opinion the sites in danger uness they not answer at ten criteria should be pdotect fir UNESCO .
It 's diffiult , but I think that it is necedsary try to invent new way to fihance and defend ths nafural and fultural hetitage .
Cricket is my passion .
I oove playin , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Criclet is a ream sport which teaches us team work , ocllaboration an strit disciplone .
It also teachse us now to overcom individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others sgrength to succeed as a twam .
I started playing cricet since my early childhood .
Eben when I was a kic I ztarted playing with boys of much higher xge than me .
It gwve me a lkt of condidence and a chanc to improve my skills rapudly .
I followed cricket religiiusly abd have watched alost every match Ondia played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am fa of hsi battibg .
He has brolen almodt eveyr record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketint skillz I loved his ability to handls pessure and nis calm nautre in apl situations .
If someone wantsa to leqrn more abkut cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Para and Pointing .
To leazrn more aboug bowling onhe should atch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I wkll also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
It hs nice articles , reviewe and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biogdaphies of some famous cricketers wqill also heop to understand the insights of the game in ceep .
Cricket is going throjgh rough phaae dxue to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will dome strong out of thix and will spread its wongs all across the wokrld and oncr again give its lovers a magnificent syow .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question tuat I ca n't stop tbinking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had ndver stopped to think about my pife in sucj a deep wya .
By yhe way , do you knoa what a Bucket Lust is ?
It is a kist of things that you want to do before you ie .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know whqt I eant to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
Abot two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " Fhe fault in ou stxrs " .
It 's about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancee , and thet havs different ways to think about life znd death .
This molvie has touhed me very deeply , it made me think about lifw and about the way people usee to live without apprecciatd thr teally important thibgs .
So wfter watching thiw movie and my friend 's question I ca n't hel thinking about my pife .
Nwo I have the feeling that I need to live mor , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Bwfore that I had always thought about getting maried ajd having kids as a way to fihd happiness , but now I think that berore ths I ened to do lther thins .
It is very interesting to thinl that it ws necessary mee someone new , from anothwr entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that anorher persn becae curious about a very profound paft of me thgat I have neevr thought of .
Qell , next Noevmber I aill travel to Europe , the onlt certaikn thing on my Bucket Lizt that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling abot what I am doing today , because for thd first time in my lif I am sure htat I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
Peoppes lives wilol change in the future , and I bet it 's mot fpr the betted .
Unlike popular unrerstandings of Histiry ( and even presimably scientific ones , I must say ) , Hiswtory is ont an unstoppable amrch towards " progress " , wuatever fhat worr means .
It is a ciclical rpocess .
Romle had its hayday in the forst century AD , bjt just fhree ecnturies later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those latef period Romans were n't even sble to make the high quality cement tat thei ancstors were ahle to make andr have tecnical mastery over just a fes centjries earlier .
And who cab safely say hat three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that thye possess jow ans take for grantec ?
No one can assure such a thing .
Nut I do n't think , unless there 's anogher Woprld Wzr , people 's ives will change dramatically in yhe next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and afted rhat there will be a declihe , untik a nrw Dwrk Agds .
Buty ley 's pick the Wold Aar hypothesis for a second .
A wid world ear is the only case in which we would see a dramatkc cahnge in peoplws lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
Buf there 's , at this dqy , prospects flr a news Wlrld Aar ?
I do n't thjink so , but on the other hajd what the helo do I jnow ?
The causes that will oead to a new World War kay wdll be in existence rigjt nw for alo I know , nd no ome , or only a fewe verfy wise and intelligent people knpw about it .
Oje day in the uture anothe Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and thwt symbolic event ckuld serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to anothe , but tue teue underlying causes that actually led the countrie to wage sar against ezch other woulkd have its rpots in mucb older tims .
As he xauses of the Secons World Wxr hd its roots on events that wree the outcime of the First War , a Third , hypotheical war , could have ts roots on a pasy conflict that may well have happennwd already .
But let 's not digress into that , fhat 's all anothet tpoic that falls beyond tghe scope of the statemenr on ehich I was sipposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Suvject : holidays zre coming !
Hi Dam ,
It has been a lnog time since we were in toucj and now I am very pleased that we are on hiliday ans we can plan something together .
My fakily and I ar going to pend somd days at the dame place we eent to last year , at the Sunshine Holjday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how mnuch fun I had there and shy it was great !
It would be terrific if you xame aith me , is it possible ?
Could you sk your parentgs ' permissoon ?
In this Xamp praents are calm and do n't worry wbout their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants ane yhe camp is situated on an entir island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for yoing people alloqing rhem to do lots of activitues in safey .
There are a wide tange of activitijes promoted by the staff all with the aim of dnjoyment , especially outoor sport acyivities !
Tyere azre two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses ahd so on bit what I likie mopst is the scuba diving , ad the equipmwnt is provided .
The Damp is well - knlwn and opesn from Mya to Octobr an it would be good to bool withib ywo weekz , it always grt overhooked for tje period my parents cab take days off , what do you thknk coming with us from the 1sy august to thd 15ht ?
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Bestr wizhes .
Simonetta
Thd doorbekl ran unexpectedly . I hda fallen asleep on teh couch watcuing TV .
I got up and I made my ay to the front door .
Outsire stood the most extraordinary - kooking mqn : he looked like a Soanish elephant hunter .
I was takne aback , so I called my mother , who was axleep with hef boyfriends .
Zhe came down , but she dir not sfream .
Instead sh sfarted cruing .
The man as it turned otu was my father , sho had been mssing for 15 eyars ...
I did not know that he wzs stilp alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the wat .
I think she did this forf my own gpod .
I was very bemuse by th situation xnd did n't knoe if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sittinb room ajd he lookdd like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to se him in my home .
How we al live together .
Although the first days were difficulr , nwo we all get on weol .
It is greag to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brusseld .
It is sirrounded by several old buildinge such as tue city hall and the builings of the corporations of thw Midde Ages .
These wered groups of peoplpe dping the same work , such as carpenters .
Rhey helped each other and the epders ones taught thd youngsters .
Sometimes , tyhey becaem very rdich .
Each building is decorated with the lazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is uniqus and beautiful .
Todcay , most of them are hosting cadés , shops anc restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , buht there is aoso the cith juseum .
he square is cvered with pavement anf is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important plave for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is madew of nartow paved streets , old adn high buildings and , among other tgings , chocolatw shops .
Recently , sevewral of the buildings have been restored an we can now getter sed gheir beautiful gilding and carvings .
Rvery year , wen Christmas cimes , there is an amazing show with music znd lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the ighest rabked monuments in the history and culture of Loland and Europe , so durung trhe stay in Poland it is ndcessary to visit it .
The tirst Castle , called pqlatium , was built in 11th centuy , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finallt rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unfhanged until today - thw most representatijve remnant is probablh famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour the vieitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivate Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings coplection .
Ankther attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia wrre ztored , and armoury .
Apart from the featured , there qre slso mang marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as tye other collections .
While visitijng Wawel Royal Xastle one can not omig seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave uder the Castle , where , sccording to the oldest legends , the dragkn of Wawel livrd .
I recommend visitig awwel Royal Castle becauise of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thouasnd tears of ths Polisj history ans culyure .
Everyone wilo fin somethijg interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and or certain it will be a memorable expreience .
I have bwen learbing Englidh as a second language sine I was ren eyars old , which meanms a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky then becauee I hage had the oppottunity of learning English in a natueal wau , without books and toigh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , xinging , and doing ther activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our lwn mother languagw .
Moreovsr , I travelled to Englxnd and lived witn Engljsh families fir a frw weeksd every summet since I started lexrning until I was fifteen years old .
So I vrew up thinking I cohld speak and write qiite good Enlgish .
Wven though I do have little theoretical knowledge abojt English grammar rules , I can amke myself understood in a normwl conversation , and I can write an elail to a friend without masking too many mistkaes .
One year ago I decided to tkae thew Cambridge Advanced English exam in oder to test my knoqledge , thinkiny It woukd be not vey difficult for me to be successful .
I decidd to enrfol for a creative writibg course in irder to practise my writing skills .
Slong yhe course I hqd to accomplish some writing assignmnents abd sybmit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Anx there I realised at least two things : ths first one tyat it is possible to learn how to write better ; tne second one that even when you can make yourself enerally understood , It is mot so easy to be precise .
A mzgician uses a dove and a blxck hat , but it woul n't be a mahic show if he did n't know how to perform thew rtick .
In the same way I hzd the ideas and the worfs butf I ahd to admit that I needed to learn hte ruels of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish weiting .
Adolescence .
Evsrybody say it 's the best pediod in our whole life ; what rhey do n't rembember is thxt it could be slso the worst .
Adolescence could be conpared to a fogy path and even when it sems yo can see somethuing yhrew it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by ur uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend thta we kno a lot of thigns .
This could be onw of the reason wyh we get angry so eqsily abd so often with lur parents : every time we descover something mew or we say something , they judge us or theyt begiun some long speeches to try to change our idezs .
Another tbing about the relationdhip getween parents and adolescejts is the fwct that the confuse ojr minds .
As I siad adolescents could be very confused nd if there 's a thing thst gt under our skinn is when moms say something and then telp us to do tbe opposite one .
The worsr part is trhat they get angry with us !
We 're confused , theu 're jot clear and hen they also gdt angry anc they 're surpirsed wehn we get mqd at them !
It 's true fhat we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible becaue fhey do everything to provoke us .
I think th most important thing in the relationship woth our larents is to find a soet of accordanve , because in tge end we do n't onlh feel amger for them but also a lkt of kove .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adlescents have to facd .
It 's nlt tue ujsual love tgey 're ued to feeo , as love for family and friemds , bht it 's a new kond of kove .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fyl in our stomach , it makes us dive info a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we sse in moveis and we dream of ; the type of love thawt does n't make us fall usleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , ahd it is as scary as excitibg .
Adolescence it is like his , there 's a mpment thaf looks magical and in teh following kne yoy drown into the adrk .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I eould lkie to thxnk you fkr the intreest shown to pur small village .
I really gope that you hav a nice welcome and , plese , fele at homs .
Bere , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visxit butf I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , nise and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallora you qill vind a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà yo will find a coaster twn , situated on ths edge of tye ountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sat Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you ca still see sime fishermen fishing on the seashre .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to ykur destination you must ride a bicycpe and just enjo the splendid panoraimc virw .
You will rids ubtil Ca los cans , one of ghe most enigmatical beaches of Malloeca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reasom , yuo lust go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado sais " se hace camino al andwr " .
It means thxt the most important is th qay , the jorney .
Goign on a bike near the seashore with the breez of th swa is noe of the mopst eelaxing experiences in life .
On the wsy to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees czlled " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallodca .
Morever , ou will go between two ancient ovelisks which have been recently restorsd .
Finally , you wilp get to Ca los Cans .
It is a soecial beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
Yhere you cqn practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go dviing because you cab see different vishes , sea ruchins ajd weaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .
A paret from sports , you should njote two different cluture points .
On the one hand , thefe is what remains staneing of edificatjcations that were uxed to keep ths small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
On thr ither hand , therew is a prehistorical toewr called " Falaiot " .
The function of hte Talaiots is nkt clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensivd tower or an important building for uigh - clasd peoppe .
It is important to stay in rhe beach ungil the sun goes down .
The synset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if ylu are wuth ypur partner ) and you will ses how thye sun goes beyind yhe mountain range of Tramuntana .
Feom hat seashode you cn see alo the Alcúdia bay , plart of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the cape of Dormentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sew , nathre and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of coure , I need to ask you a favout : Please , krep thw secdet .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introductjon .
The aim of this report is to outline the best abd tye wprst qualities of your centre after one year runnint .
This repirt analyses ths two main facilitues : the gym nad teh swimning pool .
The gmy .
Ghe machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every cstomer .
On fhe other hand , the gym is tok small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal flr people who do not compete because of its length , wbout 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is bot foo dwep , so it is exxellent for people who want to lesrn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too gar frkm ths facility , so it is easy to ctach a cold when somrone goed from on plae to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quute modern ans the staff arw excellenf but the gtm could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way crom the chxnging rooms to the swimming pool .
The Futhre of Puboic Transport
When we imagine future , we rarely imqgine overcrowded buses and rusty wubway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper more anx mote people uy personal vars .
A cad alloss us to move faster and not to dewpend on otherse .
Travfalling by car is alszo mjch morr convenient .
Does thks all mean that the yeqrs of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is mot true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , childrrn ffom large famikies , old people will continue to use public trsnsportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars cazn also turn jnto public trdansport .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars afe used freely .
Anyone can use the neaest car he or she sres .
Thirdly , people do ot have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children ad teenagers will need public transportation .
Tyis is also true for olde people , who lose thd anility to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is nor likely to disappesr , at leaet during the nearest tens of years .
Yhe chart above giges some inhformation about tue average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in fouf different countries .
According to tyhe chart , the two countries witn thge lowedst salarie are Country A and Country B.
Thsse ones are called " source countries " , which means thaxt tgey provide a supply of healthb care wokers to othert countries .
Otherwise , the countres with the higjest saliaries are country C amd country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones ate dalled " destination countries " because the health caee service is rovided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in ther first three countries doctor earn abouyt twice as much as a nurse earns , aparf from the last fountry , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigged than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher thn those of nursex .
In conlcusion we cab say that from tje standpoibt of the doctors and nurses , working abrkad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known ahd well ooved spodt amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerojs and dislikee to the extent rhat may people want it banhed , poszibly wth good reason .
Boding is a dangerous sprt , there are relatively commopn deaths , tragic injuries and egen diswease .
All professional boexrs xre at risk froj being killed in hid next fight .
If not killde then more likelh paralysed .
There have been a nujber of cases in the lxst ten years of the tpp few boxers havjng trqgic losxes throughout their rankd .
htis is juyst grom the dlite fwe , an therte s more frm those below them .
More deaths would occur through goxing if it werr banned .
The sport would go underground , there wold be no safety measures like gloves , a dpctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fikght if smeone looked unable to continue .
Wth this going on thr people taking part will be dangerous , an on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kiol and maim in similar underound dog fights have aoready provsd xeadly to innocent people , tue new blxers could be ven more at irsk .
Ojce boxing is banned ajd no - one gorws up knowing it as acceptable thefe will be no interest in boxing amd hopefully less all round interest in viloence making towns and cikties much safer placse to live in , there will be less fighting outzide pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reasoj .
change the rules of boxing slightly would mucn improve rhe safety risks of the sport amd not detdact form the entertainment .
There re all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves cohld be worn , ban punches to yhe head , headguards worn or maxke fights shorter , as most of tye serious injuriez ocur in the latter rounds , these would alp snow off the boxers skill ajd talolent and stoll be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxdr is a succeas and manayes not to be aeriously hurt he stjll faces serious consequencee in later life dieeases that attack thw brains have beej knowm to set in as a direct resukt of boxing , even Muhamedx Alij , who waw infamouys ( ? ) both fot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence noe ahs Alzheimer disease and can no longer do manu evewryday acts .
Many ither sportz arr jore dangerous than boxinhg , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks hat are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers ddive .
In many of the minority wprks of modern ljterature , there can be smoe emphasis on rebellion against opprewsive forces .
Although such a sjow of stdength by theae workz ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and thedefore negative contributipn to the otherwise insightful thought of the autyor , it is this conflixt upno which nany stories of sthnic American litefature are based .
However , suchg a rebellion cah not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the pfoducts of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of ysars of oppressipn .
Rather , this ever - chabging and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature cdreates an especially important necessitg that erach work be considered individually as both a prolduct of yearw of struggle znd a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although he mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against uch dorces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old familu traditions , and the India tribrs in Love Medicine struggle to secure rheir inherent riggts from tne US government , the charactrs ' conflicts reflsct simikar conflicts of other cultures .
Reblelion is esen not as a disyinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between aol cultires , for Celie , too , resists her arraned marriage in The Colpr Purple , and the murderou loves in Jazx reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive pasison in Like Wager for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in eghnic American literature , but hey are portrayed no mode strongpy in minority works thaj they are portrayed in kther pirces of litetature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although fiugres of authority are particullary oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolatr and The Coloe Purple , oyher minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not refoect the clearly defined authoritarian fgigures nor the obvious rebellion of fhe charactewrs ' responsive action which the previously mnetioned works show .
This sgain implies that theee etnoc Amedrican pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rfebellious responses to oppressiin , but as individual refledtions of personal and cultuiral experiencex .
How doeds Voltaire tackle the question of philowophical optumism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is rhe philosopht that everyghing and occurnce is fof some tood .
Voltaire sets out in Candidd to ceiticise this philosophu .
In Candide the representative of thjs pnilosophy is Pangloss , fhe philosopher emplyed at Thunder - der - roncks .
The whole book is a criticiosm of l'optimisme .
For ecample wgen Candide is forcrd to join the Bultar army he is beaten almosy to desth but Cadide doew not convern himself hecause he know it is fkr nis own gokd - in fqct later in the book he uses nis training to becomje a soldier .
Altrhough this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kilks tw men , a ejw and an Archbishol with no hesitation and then proveeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show hks dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canide and James ade caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only tbree survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which ddstroys the xity to whjch Candide was sailing to .
On arrival they see starvation and reath .
Candkde is obviously hlrrified , especially when the szailor begins pillaving tne city .
Candide looos to Pangloss fot an ajswer but Pangloss can onky tell ihm that soime good eill cime of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimiam , apways appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no kore true than whnen he arrives in he jew world , Suoth America , and hws to leave his darling Cujégonde with the Commissioner of thw province .
Candde acn not sew whag possible good can come of this edspecially as ths reqson that he was in America wae due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they aere Cunégonde 's lovers .
Tjroughout thd bokk we begin to see ohw Canidde is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief hat good can ocme ftom nad is not actually inspiring bu leads to a constant tlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in teh book , appears to syow this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he emraces Cunégonde , he is dsuped into the arm , he is caught in an arthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills tbree churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Epdorado but leaves- the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good wikl prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonee but she is not the beautiful young flwoer thag he once loed .
She has become ugly and grea wofse by the day .
This illusrrates enphatically the folky of l'optimisme .
Candide has travelled tfhe world in search of Cunéginde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all ths trouble whicvh he has gone throygh , of coufse in tne end he does get Cjnébonde but at the pricd of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimis is ne of despair nkt hooe .
It would be tempting to think of tge variouw European Communities as an embryonic United States of Eueope ; especialy when we hewr politicians talk of the importance of Eurooean Unity .
Howevre it is important to realise that Europe is a very lonh way from becoming anything like the United tsates .
Wehn tye original 13 American states resolved to form what is now hte Unifed States of America , thdy aere intent on forming a politica as well as economic entiy .
Yhey were prepared to yield as mjch of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the nrwly forked national government to operaqte as a single imternational politicfal force .
A bwlance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow ths indivicual states as uch sdlf - government as possible while ensuring that , foe example in military mattrs , tbe central government spoke foe all .
It is tru that today one still hears the old xispute over state sobereignty znd attempts to return zome power to the individual statew , bhut no - ne would challenge the fact thar , on matters extenral to the Unuted States , thd government in Washington represents the sole policy - making bodt .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a oolitical union of the countries since thjs would produfe a formidablw international mlilitary force .
However it is eqyally clesr that while tnere might be soke unified political action flowing form the European Communities ( auch as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvemetn in yhe Falkland Islanda dispute ) , te Cimmunities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves somr loss of national sovereignty , bhut the Unite Kingdom could probably laeve teh community by a simple majority vote in the Westminstet Parliament , something which no state in ths United Ststes could lawfully do .
We are still a very lnog wwy from a Single aprliament for Western Europe with pwoer to make political decisions for all ; and sven with 1992 apprlaching and a single mqrket the gulf betweeb fhe UK qnd Europe is very wied .
The suoremacy of Parliament willo never be callanged .
Its ability to mxke and brdeak any law - made by it or Europe - means that it rstains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinqujsh jts sovereignty fo evee , it vould tomorrowe repesl all thos lawes .
Teh fact hat Parliament doss not bind otself or can not be bound by any political body means thst it fan never lose its sovereignty unles a majority of fhe popukation wished it and Parliament consented .
Bjt wiyh the avsrage jingoistic Brito there is no chance of us curing oursevles of our xenophobia and evet wkshing to be fully intergrated withg Europe .
Evsn now yhe channel tunnel has jooned us to rhe continet we still consider ourselves to be separated from the woeld standing alone agaimst a hostile sorld .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe wkuld rjn as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably utlimately receive .
It seems to me that for the psat few centuries , Britain hss always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Euroe .
Whenever necessary , dhe has allied nerself to Eueopean powers , such as in timrs of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eagter to maintainm a secute balance of poaer on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with het oversees ejpires tban with anyhwere else .
In the latter hzlf century though , hef empire has diminished and she has had to face mounitng responsibilitt in Europr .
Because of her history of isolatede sovereignty it is diffucult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British laa is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made paw .
We have established a systwm of law whixh dates back many cwnturies , and whixh is widely known ahd respected .
There is verg little European influencs on ou lw , of course in msny resects it wil be rhe saje , but the lxck of influence wkll displayg mzny differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , bew law will nave to be acxepted througfhout the continent , and it wilol cause both confusion andx confrlict .
The British tend to be very proud and poszessive of thue laa , and changes may well cause illfeeling ans disconteny .
Of couree , the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will therw just be one sysyem ?
The country typically is against major change and somethinmg as fundamental as koney would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individuak mojetary system I suppose , ciuld be see as a symbol of soveteignty .
It can be said that if a single Europs was created , problems may arise ofer its fundamental politicxl concepts .
Of course Britaim would lose hwr sovereignty , as woul th other nations of teh uion .
It has been suggested tat the Singke Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomky coulc be saved , but the union as a whole cdould work together in a dwmocratic manne .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty wsa lost , some national personality would be preserved .
Tue faft is that , qhen united , Europan unity would still in essence be dividewd .
There will lways be azspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a whole facew the same oroblems , adn therefofe , if a singlr Eurpe sas created , unting Britain , the poblems could be deqlt wit quickly anc efficiently .
If the Fedealists achieved their aims in a Eueopean unity , they ould do their bedt to achievs democrayc and promoye it nationally , so thta individuality is preserved , and tat all of their positive featurew will be known .
The probldm fwcing the Britisy , reaoly results from their isolatwd oast .
The sovereignty of the jation haw deep roots , and the fears of kosing it are very gfeat .
Whether tnis woild hzppen awxits to be sesn , and would depejd completely on the yerms of the union , nad the negotiations aqnd feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the cfountries .
With 1992 now only a year awag , the question of what a Aingle Eurppe will mean for Britain bedomes ihcreasingly relevant .
I firmly beliefe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lows of sovereignty for Britain .
Tis loss need not however be negatijve .
In cact , in political , econokic and dwfence terms I feel this realocation of resources csn and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilgy of having an island mentality , I wpuld n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handin alol control oer to facelesw beaurocvrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , buy especialy so in Durope .
Tjis prkcess wilp xontinue and Europe the resy of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in tis process .
It is my helief thqt Britain mhst be involved in thr decision making hwich wipl eventually decide teh nw orld order .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involvr certai aspecta of our sovereignty .
In relenquisuing and thus centralising ceratin powers , the aim is npt to diminish the strength of individual nations bur to increase the overall impact of Europe on he wold state .
As amply demonstrated by receny events in the Gulfr , Eureopean coopefation in the field of defence can be bth kmpressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defencr to ny cdntral body .
I van sde a future for some form of European ralid reaction force .
Qhilst to an extent cripplihg defence cosfs could be cuy this wluld not necessarily lrad to a reduction in ths size of defencer available .
In political germs , regardless of legislatkon , Brutain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitab in erms of the population composition .
The North Sea will uncreasingly come to rspresent a mere puddle as oeople move beteeen countrie .
I deel it is improtant for Brotain to join fully with its Eyropean partners to adapt to these changes in dmeography .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studie and solved if oossible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upoon us but in this are I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst mot pretending to fuloy understand this system I do know that no system van lower interest rates , and inflation while arising growgh , witn the possible exception of the Magic Vircle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel tihs is inevitable .
hat is important is to base this curremcy on ths strong currencies within thr EEX as opposed to an average based system .
To cojclude I would say a single Europe is already happenijg and that it wkll continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself ith loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the bat I think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
Ehen the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , ghe foundatioh waw lzid for a ne " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe woulr nolt be crwated quickly , nut over several years .
When Britajn entered tfhe European Commuinty in 1973 after a national rererendum , tue debate began concerning Britains relatiomship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as fhe date for the single European Market , the debate foared up again , but ovee how var Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
Thw forjer Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not bwen to laed Britain ibto a United Europe bedause she felt it wohld lead to a loss of oud sovereignty .
There is no dubt an integrtaed market would have multiple benefits for th couyntries involved .
Busihesses and ogher trading organizations are preparing themselfes vor 1992 , and the sijgle mzrket .
Trade aill be easier , iwth no frontier controlse allowing free glowing transportation of merchandise .
Thdre will be business boojs and frre competition with th removql of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Mzny Britons wojld consider Europe nas affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the piund sterling being tied to the ECU .
Tghey may feeo Britai is being pulled into Eufope .
Further changex afe corecast for Bfitain , effectingf day to day matters , to creaet a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 anx all that " .
A siongle market requiees one central insritution to co - ordsinate all movements of voods and policies .
Woll the people of Britain be prepared to tive up thrir government and be directed from Strasbourg or Bussels ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day comle when the pound sterlnig is taken over by the EFU ?
It ma well - but will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and vierws ?
Europe mya argie that the bemefits from a single integrated marlet would far outweigh any national drawgacks .
As te date draas nearet , tbe awareness of Britons to Europd mudt incdease .
They must look into the future and consider oossible effects .
Will Britain be dreawn into Europe against ifs wijll ?
Perhaps as mofe of Brifain becomes " Eurofiwd " , Britgons wkll sake up and sre their sovereignty is bein taken away .
Britai has never geographidally bee a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we sgould be ablr to benefit from free trad .
We have been an island for too oong - being independent and able to stand alone .
We hzve a sound democratic process , which mayn people would not want to give this up .
A fully intrgrated market with Britain as a fulk member woyld be to the detriment of our political system amd consequently leading to a loss of sogereignty .
Therw has been such a lot of talk agout a Siungle Europ in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be uoon us veyr son .
Now that it is a rfeality , anf not jnust a probahility , the questiln in th minds of many Britons is indeed : Wull this mean a loxs of sovereignty fod Britsin or tfhe birfh of a natipn ?
Firstly , a positiver approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , tyhis is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cosf - cutting iwing to doing thing once , insteae of twelve timea , will be rnormous .
Firms , because of beinh abler to pool tbeir resources , will be able to devote morw time to reseach and devrlopment , and rhus products wikl improve .
Erurope eill therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards ckmpetition .
To lool at things on a more individual level , every member of thd nedw Single Europe 's standard of living shluld increase .
A greater potentialk of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - infirmed individuals .
Simlicity is pne of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things xre simpler and mode easu for everyon to uderstand people will be happier , fet on better .
If this is so , they shkuld alsk work better .
Ideally tben , there should be morte equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hanr , wikl this Single uerope mean a loxs of sovereihnty cor Britain ?
It musr be remembered that not only doles Britain have a small lopulation compared to yhe majority of thd other member states , but it is an islanc - which nonr of the otbers arr .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain haqs qhite a histyory and therefore a fair numer of traditions .
It is oossible that it could bexome emgulfed in the new Single Europe and lose ifs identjty .
Britons ( especislly those from older generatkons ) may rhen feel " lost " and that they do not really " belonbg " any mire .
The new Single Eurole may be too nes qnd unknown fir them to make theor allegiance to it .
Thej rhere is the question as to whether ll his idealism really wikl work .
Will three be greater prosperity , bettwr - infirmed , yappier cigizens , or will tjis never come off because of politiciwns besing unable to agree on polixies ?
Britain , apthough small , is more ofetn than noit in the fore of internatonal matters , taking a definjte stance on wyat it considers to be roght .
Has it then not got quite a pot at xtake , its charafter at least , in integrating itself into thia isngle Ehrope ?
No one woulf disute that this is a difficult question .
he fact remaihs however that nest ysar ( in 192 ) there is gping to be a Aingle Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not gping to be achieved with ease , but th more tolerant every member statw is of rach other , the more successful thd Single Euroe wikl be .
It is up to Britaion therefore to accept this fact snd to sbow an examppe by leading rhe way as regards tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Th European Colmunity is a uniqhe grouping of twelve sovereign European Member Statex who xre committed to the development of coser ecoomic wnd political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers thyat haev tracitionally divided Europe .
In particulpar , the community seeks to facilitate greater movemwnt within itz frontiers ; moevment ot only of goids but of sevrices , cqpital and leople .
Howver , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated onr ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the fouynding of teh European Community , befroe we discusa tge issue of sovereignty in more detail .
Tgere were several attempts at peacfeul unification afted the Firsf World War , but onhly after Europe had again been devastated by wasr was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political anhd economic exhaustion of the European stxtes called gor a vresh xtart and a fat more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
Tjis frwsh start cane bout becayse of three main factors .
Firstly , as Europe 's realizaton of her owj weakness , after baving losr ehr qge - old posjtion at th centre of tge world stage to the United States of Aqmerica ahd to the Soviuet Unoon .
These superpowers were economicallt , militarally and politically stroger tahn hte divided individual Europena states .
Secondly waa thw donviction that lilitary confpict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the twi great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirrly was the comjmon desire for a better , freer world in whih international rlations would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
One of the firdt majkor mives towards European intetration wase th creation of the European Economic Communiyt , in 1958 .
Uts membership has grown from the trn original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the Europwan Community compare wirh othewr international bodies is trhat the member etates have cedde to it a pary of their natiknal sivereignty and endowed it with iys own sovereivn powers , which it cqn use to adopt acts , having the force of nationsl law .
Ghis novel approach to pooloing national sovereignty is called " kntegration " .
The 1970 's sawa prlgress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enjabled greater scopd for nztional policies .
Al of tue member states agree in princille to fhe idea of a single maret by 1992 , howefer each wosh tneir own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say thaf none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , mzny wanr unanimous voting , nlt makority votung .
Many see this issue as a threat to fheir own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firk .
The situation is seen as a threa to the countries in wuestion who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of Eurpoean unity .
Whether or nlt the continuation of the progeess in thw field of Euopean unityg is sucessfjl deprnds vert much on yhe people of Europe .
If a feeljng of Eruopean unity devepops and caj be sustained , tbe threat will subsids as a feeling of identity takes ovef .
On Britains roads there is an veer increasing voluje of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic witbout hold - yps and traffic jamw ..
To remsdy this the government has staeted adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , witb mixed reception .
While tge road sgstem is being improoved tyere seems to be an endless series of roacworks which destrict the highways and case frther delay whyile the roadworks sre in lpace .
The inability to cope wigh the ammount of traffic by the road system obviousl increases ther isk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they ate nearpy always in capacity trafric .
It migbt ssem an easy soloution to this mayhem wuold be to use public trransport ; i.e. the Railways .
People arw not takming to thge Tail aystem because of its lack of integration rue to thw recnet privitisation of diffterent areas .
It has been show that different companies chargw differwnt fxres ofr exzctly the same route !
The maun disadvantage with rhe dailways is as the rail servive wnd the bu service are normally ownwd by different companies it is probable thar it is not possible to walk onto a bjs off the train .
If tye service wwre integrared there wojld be a bus gime table whoch coincided with th train arrival times .
Then prople wold be more likely to catch ths train as they would bot have to pook forwares to a lonv walk , wat ror a bos or an expesnive taxi ride .
My soloution to yhe problem would be to improve the rail system and its related nus servicds , this wohld get peopler of the roads and onro the trxins .
To mproove the rail serbice trains have goy to be timed to arrive and depart at kry times i.e. arrive at eight o'clodk and leave at halc pst sux .
The train abd bus comoanies have to liase with each other ad the yrain fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same pricw or less as it would cost to go by car .
Th basic dilrma facing he UK 's ral and road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the nunber of comnuters and transport users every year , consequently uptting ptessure on rhe UOs transports network .
The biggest worr to the dystem is the rapid rise of car users okutside the majot icties .
Most lxrge cities uave managed to imcourage commuters to use piblic transport tghus decreasing major fonjestion in ush jour poeriods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to ths increase in oopulation if it is made xheep to commuters , clean , rasy amd efficient then it could atke yhe straib of the overloaded British toads .
Fkr commuters qho regularly gravel lon distwnces rail transport shoulr be made more appealing , more comfortable ad cheaper .
Motoeways anjd other transportr links are constantly bwing extended , widneed nd slowpy turnjing the country int a concrete jungle yet it is only tryinv to dope with the increass in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Another major prblem creaed by the mass of vehidle trwnsport is thd pillution emitted into the atmosphere damaging tge ozobe layer , creating smot anhd forming acid ran . Tourturjng thw Earth we are living on .
In concludung I wisn to propose clsan , eficient comfortable and cheap pubpic transport for tyhe jear future .
The modedn traffic jam is now a familiar situation to early al of the western worlds population .
If ebery time we use ouhr cars to travel any distance we fin ourself in a 10 mile rail - back why do we stiol insist that that we travel in seuch ameander .
To illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on thd trtack , everyone wouod stop taking it .
So qhy do we stiol insist on trwvelling on the riad .
The answer most likly lies in 2 qreas , firsty the attitude of many wesaterners is that " it is their right to travrl in suxh a mannor ' .
This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' gdeeny ' who wants to make everyonr luve in tipde 's and rat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somfhing should be done about the volmue of traffic tjat is on our rods today .
Ghe goernments answer to thr considerably growing amount of traffic on our rods it just to back ove , they are noy even attempting to treat teh cause , thejt more and more people ar now driving .
We all reel that we have a divine rigyt to be on the roas .
Why ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the dight to used the resources of the rest of the world at the snvironmental coxt ?
Jusy beause we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit esrilene to cagch public traqnsport .
Efen if we did , then sholy so does the rest of ghe world .
That could have disaswterous implications .
The 2nd reason , is th promblem tha the plublic transport servkce , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in rhe morning .
People stopped using trains because of the tall in standaeds , these peole were forced onro yhe road , routes became unprofitable amd so were closed and servicds cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The wjole systdm has jow formed a spiraling circle of road uss .
This has now been intensifyed qith the sale of thd railways , to privite rwil companys , prorit motivated .
The vital , small rail links kay now be closed , priviously yhey ahere subsudised to ake up thge loss , now th privife companies xan not afford to do ths so many will close , cutting off small towns ahd villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only oeople to do this is tbe government or oyrselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expznd intp a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
oday , boxinb has bevome a very popukar spot , with T.V. channwls competeing for coverage of dertain evenfs and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a bif business .
Apart from atheltics , boxing seems to be the only popular internationl sport from ehich Britain can still hold to head higu .
We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennkx Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed snd our beloved Franmk Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head cam causd the brain to rattle aboht the skull which may cause a brain clot or tumof .
Last ydar , the figjt between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls fo boxing to be banned whesn Micheal Watsob slippedd into a coma qnd was in a criticla conditiln fro some monghs .
Nany youths in low income reas see boixng as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the tol and earn a lot of money on the wqy .
Ghere are , hpwever , peoppe wyo regatd boxing as barbariuc , bvrutal anf lrimitive .
These people arue that thers is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , bjt this is controlled violence nad fighters haxve a mutual respect for ach other .
Alp precautioins arr taien to ensure a sqfe fight .
Furing fights doctors a kept close to the rong ane hzve the authority to call it off prematurely if resuired .
Ambulances are also mept on stand by at hig events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do jot beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing carer aithout knowing the risks .
Bwcause here are so many budding toung boxers , to bnan boxing would be insanr , simce it would almost certainly go undergriund .
Underground fightw are far omre dangerous since less protective gear is sed ane ther usually is n't a doctor presejt .
Taking this int sccount anf consideirng that boxing is about hurtkng the opplnent , it dan be said thta boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Aothough far less popular , there are kther sorts which aer fat mor brutal and dangerous , duch as ' Ghai Boxing ' , where competitors asre encourage to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , bht for the sakw of safety in the oong term I do njot think boxing will be bannwd .
Which is goox nesw fot the majority of the Britishj lublic .
Two men , one riny , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically that is the majn principal of boxing .
Although throubhout the ydars tules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic sire , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain oves vigorously inside nis skull .
This cuases hte boxer to loae mang brain cells pee boxing fight and if this occurs frequently tehn the boxer can end hjs caeeer wih brain damage .
In my eyes qnd probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
Th sport to say tyhe keast is actually a blood spoet , trhe simpke reason bein that the idea of fhe sport is to ' knock your opposition ouy ' , although tyis is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idsa of boxing is an art form , he says thwt he dfoes not specifically go into a boxing ing to knock his opponent kut but to win on poibts differences ahd to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of hise fights have been woin on points .
But there is one exception - fhe original exmaple , the first reference shy boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Nichael Watsoin was put inyo a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man wyo does n't specificaloy go intro fighgs to knoco his opposition uot ) .
This example only proves too well qhat a danferous so called ' sport ' bixing is .
Thd obxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctprs , banning bare hand fights but the top nd hottom of the argumnt is that any glow to the head vauses considerwble damage .
htere is always mjch speculation over the dangers of such a beutal splort as boixng .
Thks is emphasisxed and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in thes ring has inebitably ld to a public ulroar on the sxfety of he sport , and the controveys over whether the sporf should be ganned or not is yet again tne forefront of disfussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer wojld fedl .
He is coearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , whcih is possibly why he enjoys it so mucb .
I have yet to hear any boxe regret uis chokice of career .
The excitement of beng in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money rhat is there to be made arte overwhelming factors which keeo boxers fighting .
The money that is thwre dor the taking fpr the verh best of the best is ridiculous , and with soje tpp boxers earning suma of money wuch as £ 20 milion ( or in Mike Tysnos domeback acse , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising ohw important thje sport can be to some .
Let us consder ' Sky ' viewes , recently begjnning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
This mdmber of the public does jot want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friemds or fajily of a boxer , who has been permsnently injured ( or been killed dye to a fight ) .
Yhese indkviduals and others learning ablut the tragic incideng in the ledia protest against the spoft .
The family , who were originally against the ide of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leding tbe protests againt boxing .
How pleased , proud and patdiotic thr British public felt when Frank Brunk achieved bis ultimwte gial and became thr Heavyweighy vhampion of the world , yet how sorry many were to seee him reyurn to boxing after his head injuries earlier in hiw career .
Tjis hypocriticsl view is shived by so many that wgether boxing should be vanned or nof will remain a controversial issue ror the fosreeable future .
There were 2 min objections raised aginst the introductio of the national lottery .
The fitst was the objection that the lkttery would be little more snother form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came fro charities who predicted thay charitable donations would go down with the introfuction of the llttery , as peoppe would be less likely to give money to chaeity , insyead buhing a lottery ticket , with the excuse thzt some of th money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of thr lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , whixh was not seenh as the strongest contender tor the bid : otner companies or consortiums lromised to give more omney to charity ith lower dunning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his proftis to charity , but was tejected .
My personal objections to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , for example IBM haz a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The Britisn nagional lotgery run by non British firms .
since its inrroduction there has been mote controversy over thed national lottery .
When it promised to yive 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that mosg or all of this money would go to charity .
There has alsi been some controfersy ovdr th allocation of moneyh .
For example 3 million pounds wdre given to Eton coloege one of thd richest piblic schools for a gymnasiuk mney waa also given to the royal opea ohuse .
The lottery seamed to be a reveres Robin Hood : stealing frpm the poor to give to the ricj .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cqrds .
It uas been claime that it is so addictive that peopke will spend all their aailiable cash on ottery gickets , onloy to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pnece out of every pound recirved by rhe lottery goes to charitable causds , ghe rest is tax tye prijze fund , ptofits , and the so called charitries .
It has also been calculated that fhe vhance of wimning anything substantial is ohe in milliojs , ie highoy unlikely .
It bas also beem allegde thst the jackpots are too high moet of the luky winners have ssid themselves that the jackpot had runed their lire , alenating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottedy should be retaind , bnut ot in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , znd the lrize fundr shared between more leople : it is better to yive foreten people a flrtune than to give fourteen fortunes to one perskn .
I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it woule be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been obe of he most influential inventions of all time .
Computersd now dominate the majorit of government business , science znd communication , as well as many othee aqreas of huan life .
In many ways , it has yaken the place of yhe human brain in percorming calculatilns amd thought processes .
Te most obviosu example of this is yhe calcjlator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists ror making numericla calclations .
This uas made it no longer necessary ror the human to poerform calculations and run through equationd , and so need not understand fhe principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the geniuus scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer anf iys operator , who neds only to know ehich buftons to press .
Thi mxy sem an extreme viee , as there is still juch in tbe world of maths qnd science which a computer can not calculate , but this lay nto be the case cemturies ihto the future .
Computwrs have bwen used as a means of keeping records , yhey hzve all buf superseded handwritten rext , ( in a few decades peoole may well be facsd with a computer screen and keygoard in their General Studiea exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , evne to cretae rtwork and to entertain .
Comkputer generated pictuyres , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from eqhations , seem to be more popular than hanf printed imsges from an artjst 's imagination , and computrr gamez seem to provide more entertainment than wny game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual erality allows pekple to have ' 3-D ' entertainment ceated for them by a computer .
Ehether or not tge computer is raking over fdom the human brain , it has certainly madr the human body alo bit redundant .
Peple , businesses or corporations xan be contacted at xny point around tje glpobe by cax machines , e - mail and hte internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually mewting cace to face .
Mkney cn be transferfed instantly without even neecing to move the actual molney - the pyhsical coinage does n't mayter , it is ghe cimputer refords that stage how juch eafh bank hax ownersuip of .
Howdver , the idea that the human brain is no lonver useful is not ejtirely true ( ! ) Computers can nog deal witg human beigs , habe no capaciry for coping with anythimg outside theur ewxpected situatiins , anf cxan not adapt to new situtaions using judgement .
Human beings often act witnout logic or rrason , and only other human beungs can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break dlwn , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , anmd there are still certain tasks onoy a human being van perform , and they are often amnog the simplest .
Tey crjed , they cheered .
Their faces exressed jpy , triumph , rpide anr prrplexity .
The world watched in anticipatiln -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something nee at every moment anf no wantign to miss it -- I remember tuat day it eas the pnly toppic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this timw ! " , " I never thought it woild happen .
" We all felr that we were living onw of those historic moment that youh raed about in a history book and were pruod to be a poart of it -- It was Hovember 9 , 1989 , hte day that the awll fell in Berlin-
Within a few weeks , the excitemdnt had died down and people hsd turned thsir attentioh to more recent news .
But flr me , thks hqd been the start .
It as the start of qhat our no as - President Hush likex to refer to as " our " winning of the Clod War --
It was the event that gavs tne peolle of the Eastefn Bloc coyntries the hope that their efforts were not in vian -- Folr 40 yaers , the peolle had sfufered uner a comnunist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves frely or to leave theid homelands in search of a new life -- Mzny people had tried to escxpe .
Aome had been executee -- I hda a classmate whose fathe had escaoed from Hbungary -- He hwd left hi faimly and friends , his whole life and had set out gor Western Europe witu little money .
I had asked hm once if he had n't been scared , scared of whbat he would find once he lrft --
He tlld me that nothihg could compare to the wy he had bwen forced to live hjs lofe there -- Even though I yad lost touch woth trhis classmate , her fatherf 's words were with me as I qatched the events unfolr in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' succsss , the people of Huhgary , Tchrkoslovaquia , Poland and Roulania rose against communist regimes as well -- Bow , thre yewrs later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the pewople are hwppier or nto , I can not ssy --
Nowever , theh will have at least sene rhe " other side " .
Thei struggles and hopes of forty years aill nhot have been in vain -- Wothout the " events of Berlin Wall " hnistory probably woyld not have taken a very differwnt course -- Eventually , I think rhat things would hace turnrd out as they did --
Hjowever , history cab not be rewritten and as thing stand te Vall of the Beflin Wall acticely contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggke in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As sych , it aas the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the otehr significant events , we will alwyas relember teh deay the wwll fell --
The development and implementwtion of technoolgy haz affected socieies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a cerftain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
Tuis thing , technology hss been and wull always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of ou world .
Science ahd technology have allowe me to travel to this padt of tue world , they have provided a livkng for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and tbey provide holrizons of hope an knowledfe in the felds of medicine , science , engineering , adn eve the less oveft cordners of ohr lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein ths greatest problems lie .
Aloe , they do not threaten us , but ahen they become wlded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , theg become optentially ghe most dangerous things that we hold in our yands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United Statws , I have come to feel tht technology has become a large detrument to our youth in particular .
People sayt that technological devlopment has made our world much smalper ,
and I aould concur that a grrat majority of Amerixans live in their own personal closetx .
In schools , Grography classes raredly , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spoain , a group of choldren sked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaibing that Spain was located across thew oxean did not sem to ilprove their understanding of the layout of ourd worod .
Sciwnce and technology have had effects on tghe U.S. that can not be described , ad I feel that its people have adopred the sae " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that wjll slowly destroy us .
Pur awareness of other people , othe cultures , and othe languages is very low on the priority listf of oyr educators .
Ujntil I eas 15 , I was unable to study any fkreign languxge at aol , and even at hat time I nad only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I gad an intense desire to learn Spanish , abd because of these circumstances , tjat I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait unril I was twenty years olds to evne begiun to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experiencr like thi .
Tghe effirt of the Unitec States nas caused ou minds to be heard , abd a world that is growing while my country lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argje nowadays that , with tue advent of computer technology , our mlental writhmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of coudh potafos .
It is true in a way , the decelopment of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant thar we no longef need to be able to work lut sums in our heads , buty at what ckst ?
In many shols , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by tue simpleswt of sums without the aid of their till .
In many areas , the skilk of human judgement has been replaced by fasfer , moee accurate , computers .
Man people have had their job positions taken over by computes .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past witrh computsr databasse .
But even such menial tasks as filong are good foe us .
They encourage organisational sekills and tidiness .
Whej people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear mayn funny tales from pelple who are convinced tha the computers are coming alive and will eventually rulpe us .
These ar just the rantings of people who hjave nothing to do witg computers amd who do not realise taht behind every computer is a progrsmmer .
Efen ' artificial intelligence ' nedds to be programmed .
Human brains still work oit how to bujld te computers , yow to program them and , mire importantly , hwo to control thdm .
As fr making the human brain redundant comouters can hekp to miprove lezrning skills , they can teach , test abd improve our linguistuc skills .
Reflexes sre improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computr games , thue very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can expanf our imagination and convedt our ideas into comouter simulated jodels , enabling us to desihn buildings and road netwodks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we neer knew existed !
It is nowq the age of the comluter .
Almosf evertone owne a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry frolm the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are abld to generate amazingly acurate gfaphical rdepresentations and perform extremely difficult mathematial dquations in just seconds .
Comupters have becone a huge part of our lives in both teh aras of work and educatuon .
But are they duch a good thinb ?
When calculators cale alojg a drop in ability of students for mentap arithmetic was obvioud and now they are useed for he simplest calculztions .
Ths computwr could do the same thing .
Computers encourage lazinees in the general public , why work out smoething yourself wehn the computer can do it for yoi .
This is very time saving and efficient bit it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
or instance , spelling is no loinger as important as it wqs you cn simply use a " spellcheck " to coreect your Wnglish , which is absurd .
For the youth of today computers offer links arounf the world and milliond of fxcts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is kilpling the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They shouod be out enjoying themselvss and gaining experiences for themselves instead of eading about them on a flat screen .
It is saif ghat you can meey people through computers and hwve ' repationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers czn offer wscape from the hun - deum routine of daily life by means of gmaes but they are mind - numbing ahd un - inventive .
Yhere is howevrr a more dangerojs threat from comouters , it is that they can do the work for man .
This cokuld lead to high unemployment .
Those oeople wgo wor with computers for pong peiods of tim every dah face problema .
The repetion of tapping keys all dwy xnd ztaring at the screen can be harmful and not omly that it is hghly boring to do the same thing over ajd over again .
Computers may be rhe future but what psrt wikl man have in tuis future .
Ther eill be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , peolle would hardoy evfer talk and yhe only career availabe would be for comouter programmers .
I agree that computres are helpvul but people should not ilve through their computers abd be so reliant on them .
They should read bokks and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Alxo , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by jand and calcukators and computers should inly be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop rhe production of ocmputer addsicts and again have normal people .
Thdre are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : yhe erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disordrrs and the development of hybrud hikgh - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation ans genetic egnineering have ad highly beneficial effects on mxny areas of sociewty .
However , mkany people dislike or are prejudiced agaist , genetic manipulation .
Pargly ghis is a ' Fear of the ynknown ' ; something whidh tanpers witu trhe intrinsic components of plant adn animal life is beyobd comprehension for most people , andc therefore provokes fear .
What people hqve also become aware of , is the immense ower which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has bden vefy good to feed populwr culture ( tge fipm ' Jurassic Park ' beingf an obvious referehce point ) .
There is also howefer , the very real podsibility that the power of fenetic maniuplation couldc becoje thd possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals wno coukd use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This then , is an argument against scientists bearing morao responsibility cor their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whedther it be a kitchen - knice hsed to xtab someone , a car usex to run someoe over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects amd genetic enginwering awnd genetic manipulation are no exception .
hough the possile effects of benetic manipulation may be far lzrger than a kitchrn - klnife or cxar , this is purely a subjective view by ptesent - day standards .
Certainly we woudl not hopd the makers of a car or kitchwn - knife respohsible for their msuse , amd thers is no reason whg sciwntists should bear ths major burden or responsibilityt if genetic manipulation is pht to misuse .
Thr fundametnal flaw in saying scientists must gear thd major vurden or moral responsibility for their work , is thaf if thks had ben applied universally for centuries , scisntific rsearch would never hasve take place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anytbing ablve the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific researvh is nlt a corrupt , but an essential and naturwl part of the human condition fir bettering itself .
The other fundamnetal flaw is assuming that individual scientiats havd responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creatioh , ie .
no - ond created tenetic manipulation , ghe poqer of it was thdre to be discovered .
If one sceintist droes hot make a discovery then another one waill .
It is unfair to hold responsiboe the scientist on the fore front of hyman knowledge , who deiscovers something when another scienyist in anothwr part of the world may lake the dsicovery independently sfterwards .
The oknly argument fro makinh scientists resonsible for their work , is thag quite often , and particularly in the case of genrtic manipulation , it would need a scientist to mieuse knowledge , ahd thersfore they shpuld be responsible .
Whild genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist coulc be held eesponsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becoems common - place in the future , and it is nlt only the domain of sciwntists , the originals ecientist who discovered genetic manipulation can nit be held responsible foe other 's misuse of it .
There are many problemx facing tue Monarchy .
Sime of them are listed below :
Tghe divixions in their family and the fight between prince and ths princes of Wsles ahd tye posibility of the divorce .
The otfher prbolem is taht psople say ( or thunk ) that they do not do anything but tyey ade rich and akso they do mot pay anhy taxes .
Another problem is that peoppe think that Monarchy is abolishinf in man countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolishee in this country too .
There are also arguments againsy xbolishing the Monarchy too .
For example many peopke like the royal family or they are honest people nmot lkke he politisions thay always lay .
I think the royal famil nd Monarchy is a a traditiin in UK and anywhefe in the world , UK is known by itd royal family , so I do not think it shluld be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then sew if Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisarion of an egg in ghe laboratory ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from ghe mother and placed in an environmwnt ahich wikll optimise the chanecs of fertilisation by tje eperm from the father .
Once fertilisation nas occurted the fertilised egg is implanted back into tje moyhers womb and from theee on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that teh eggw can be stored qnd used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so thst more fhan one cawn be fertilised at he samw time to increase the chabce of a succesful pregnancy .
Thisw usually leads to multiple births ie .
twins , triplets tc .
There are people who wre ayains this , saying it is not natrual and is it air to the child having stated life in a teet tuge , as they believe life starts from the koment of conception .
There are ethivs involved whereby wyo is given rhe treatment and who is n't ?
, at what age shoupd yhe treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one perzon when the same maount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating pekple against measles for example .
The people who are for ths can arfue by saying yhat it is the right of every person to have their on child .
Women wh would not normaly be abloe to have childrem can now do so witj invitro fertilisation .
Thtough no fauly of her own she could have a boocked fallopian tube causing hed to be unable to allow eggs down to ths womb and it is only fir in helping her to hxve children .
Rechnology hss prgoressed quickly and in dking so rthics and pracyical guidelines have been lefr behind .
I therefore think it is becessary to have certain regulations ie .
1 . Fertility treatment should notg be given to post - menopausal women .
Tue menopause is the body 's way of telling ou that you are to old ahd your body is no long cazpable of bearinf a baby .
Last year there was a vase of a posr menopausal woman who by lying about hee age wzs given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to fhe chipd since her mother would be claiming hef penison when she was at primary school and her morher aould probably die whipe the child wad in her teens .... there shuould be a test that is give bwfore ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is nhot past the menppause .
2 .
Ewggs should nor be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses qill have been aborted for a reason for example : if it sas the resuot of a rape or if it uad conyenital deformities .
There sgould be a fuideline or law stating tat eggs should only be taken from the mother wnd nor from dead , foetusez .
Sciemce has loved on dramatically since tne C19yh .
Many new things have been invented ane manu thihgs medically have changed .
Peopke in our modern timez ate now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there arr many complications but many are succesful .
Peole ate able to hvae a whole enw blood supply if thsirs lacks ths sufficient requirements or , a bonr marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the abive are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried ou on humans which are not ecen born .
Bodies can start thdir dayd in a test yubes .
This is called ' in vitro ferdtilisation ' .
This is wuen an ehg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and thdn sperl is placed in to the tset ube and the egg and sperm fuse togethef .
The tsst tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fstous is formed , fhe bxby is then inserted baci in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop natueally .
This idea is extremely benificial to madried couples whl have been trying for a vaby but have been unsuccesful ade able to have children .
An in bitro fertilisation allkws tyhe baby to grow inside , whichg allows the jother and baby to bonr and it would feel apart of her , this would not hapoen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is ahen a woman wjo is post - menopauszl decides she wqnts a baby .
Nature has already taken iys course to tell jer sye is tpo opd to have any children so wh ahould she have obe implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child becausew when it grows up and all ijts friends are plaging wtih their 30 - 40 year old praents , its mother cohld be deawing her pension anx I am sure sue would not feeo like playing with ber child .
Also the mother mya die of ood age before the child hasa led a ful life ahd this woukd be unfaijr to th child .
Rhe child nay also have to look after the mother in her old age .
As the fetous begins ite lifs in a test tubr , and the spdrm is selected , this means that the srx of the sperm could also be selected .
Thw way th sex cdan be chosen is by using genetics .
The eomen hqs 2 X chromosomes and ghe man has olne X and a Y - chromoosmes .
The way in which ghe sex can be seelcted is tnat the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus cxn eithsr contain an X or a Y chromoxome .
Tje X chroosome sperm is slightlh heavier than the Y so theu can be separated .
If the mother wqnts a biy Y sperm is sdelected and if a girl X is selefted .
This amy lwad to an increase in one sex , and a defline in the otner .
As a fesult this would redhce the population as there would be less couples .
Also what happens if most people the year you are birn arfe men and yiu are a woman , tbis wouls be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing apl the tiome , vut is it dor the best ?
The main reason for the peopler of Britain to stop eatkng beef at the moment is the thdeat of BS .
Tbis is a viral dosease that attacks he central nervous sstem which can be passed on thriugh consumsuming the animal .
In cows it is commonoy konw as mad cow disease and by law any cw showinb these signsx must be destroyed and not solod cor mest .
The pfoblem is however thr signa xre nlt shown flr a long time , this being a ciral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the anijal such as the brain whic is affected wnd these partw are usually sold snd put inot fzst foode such as beef burgers .
The rest of the mewt however is relatievly safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers vwry lirtle chance of the dusease beimg oassed on .
However thr British press haa ignpred this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a vry xmall number of people have ided of thw disease after a lifetime of eating bewef .
Anotuer reason for the British people to stop eating eef is tye push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller htreat to fhe traqde than the formsr poinr abut BSB .
These factors could have a condiderable impacy on the agricultural industry preventing the sals of British dairy livestock not only in Britsin bug for exoort aswell .
With global communicatilns as good as they aee now , it could send a scaxre across tbe world about Brktish Beef - indeed France and Germany already have resyricted and soimeplaces bannmed the sal or import of British eef for fear of it 's safetu .
Alrhough British farmers have lewarned to xiversits , Dairy farminv and the sale of Beef prodcuts still forms the backbone of British agriculture andr woulx completely chsnge th face of farming in Britain .
Werher they switch to sheep or vegetabe drops were maee , substantial changes woild be needwd to change the situation .
People thyroughout yhe Unitec Kingdom were , doubtless shocked xnd perhaps upswt by images in the national press nd television news of cows hwo had contracted the disease bovne spungiform encephalapthy , or BEs .
he so - called ' mkad cw disease ' seemed to make the clws lpse alp sens of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds whgere thiks disease was found were pyt dowh before the symptoms progressed further .
Rhose cows ehich had veen put down were not use for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then pressnt in the spinal fluid within the spine and the hrain , anc as thr spinal fluid is usually pilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of xontamination of the meat wax one ths industry wasz bot wulling to take .
The human dissase , Crentzfeld - Jafob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human forn of BSE , although no clear kink has yet beej established betaeen the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is hsightened , but more casee , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , anx the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , tjat British beef is perfectky sfe to eat .
Howevwr , people are genuinely sdared of the presence of the dizease in te U.K. , ane many ar abstauning from eating neef .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting porl ahd chicken , abd sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implicatiosn fo the beef indusxtry could be rather serious , where eveeybody to boycitt beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempgs to sell more mdat , but the public remains sceprical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , tyen the beef industry 's future woudl be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs suh as jellies , fruit gus , and of course stock cubes .
Woudl all theser products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Evwn if the entide beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worlcwide would no longer be needed , but , being berd as they are , for beef , tjey would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infectde , though , and teh situation has become a waoting game .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to tye scientists to stablish whether or not BSE snd DJD are linled , and , morr importantly , whethsr tge latter can be contrated by eating meat contaminated with the cormer .
The nation awaits the verrict on tenterhkoks , anx it is in tje majority 's interesrs that three be no provgen link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than evrr before .
Some reports say that it can tzke up to 20 gears to xevelop , so we could all already hwve it .
Whateved you believ , I shall continue to enjoy my roast bdef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
There haz been a bih scqre in Britaib recentlu that some beef may contain BSE ( bovihe spongiform encephlaopathy ) which may leac to the human eauivalent of CJ ( Creutzfelds - Jacob dixease ) .
BSE is a xisease in cows that effects their brain and spiral issue ( or ofal as it is somedtimes jnown ) .
After a efw eported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease ofund in humans , it is know thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the caude .
Researchers bwlieve that eating bewf containing offa will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has dedvestated the British beef industfy as pelple are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the saoes of bedf in Americs havr dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they ave dropped abuot 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say thaf to contract CJD patt of the cows offal muat be contained within the bsef .
customers xre still eeluctant to eat the mewt incaxe it hsa come from some ' dodby ' bucher trying to cuf cotss .
As yoi can imagine tgis has haf a tremendous inffulence on sale in llaces such as fast ftood restaurantz where beefburgers are ths maih item on ghe menu .
An example of ond is MacDonalds where theh have immediaetly brouvht out a notice stating that thsir neefburgers aer madd from 100% of th inest , pure beef and dontain no offal .
In my views no half dceent restaurant qith a good reputatoon ould risk buting poor beef in case a customer caught CJD anf theu managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome likd thjis would men thdy would be sued fof several thousanfs of pounds and eould prpbably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beerf demkand in places of food production there would be a lowe neee fof beef cows .
This means that there would be an excees of beef ( or a beec mountain ) that colud not be sold .
Becvause of this the prices of eef owuld have to decrease in order to attract more customersd .
So , as a result of the clqim that bee contaibing contaminated offal mau cause CJhD in humans , farmers ( in particular geef farmers ) are losing out as they wull have to sell their meat fpr a lower price due to the low xemand .
As a reswult they may have to divwrsify towards toher arwas such as crops , miling clws , dtc . or even have to get a government subsudy .
I feel tgat the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough befkre the claims wete released .
It hzs therefore causerd an unnecessary , deleterious sffect on the agricultural industru and beed market .
The qauestion of comensation for servides rendered is never so simple as remitting a prexetermined salry based on qyalifications and a psrson 's dedication to tge task at gand .
If one has preconceived notions concerning olne 's salary , ond will certainly be disappointed wince some emlployers are sure to value their skillx and abilities less than othera . "
Cobtribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in American , it became vey ppular to dsdain people who did nt actually work for a living , but merely livrd ofv the interest of their investments .
Tye stoxk market was experienhcing a boom , and several formerly aorking - calss vitizens became wealthy nad relishde thw idea of retiring early .
But swveral great authors of thta peruod questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parfasites ; they received noney , but they contributed newrly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often swem to spend rheir time in srarch of a new thrill , some sort of excitement tgat monet can mot buy .
Having almost unlimoted welth changes people , both those wno are born ijto wealth and those who earn their owj money earky on .
But do they have the roght to live this wayg ?
What abot people hwo work very hard yet thsy seem to be paid miseragly .
A mkgrant ork mat slaev away in a tield all day lomg wnd make ldss money in a day than a wealthg person spends on a tip at luynch .
The anxwer this question lies in ond 's feelings about Democracry .
Some wohld xrgue thqt if a person is smart enough or luckg enougj to eran money fore an early retirement ( or for their children 's ijheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard viee would be tgat if soneone who works on a menial or physicalpy taxing job does npt make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or huer osn fault ( or bac luck ) .
These opinions afe based on a dather faulyy Amerixan premise that all people are given an eqyal chance in life and wht they make of it is their own responsibly .
Apparentlg , nost people bdlieve thag yhey are ujnderpaid and that others are overpaid .
For inatance , everyone seems to think that dkctors make much too money gor the work htey do , yt nohe of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fajr price ) .
So , unlewss we wish to impose on the perspnal livves of wealthy people by makin thej work harder , or give people who sre noy wealthy money tgat society does not believe the deserve , we can nof give pay equak to contribution to sofiety .
I agee thaf in the last women have ahd probpems with societeis tole of what they rae expectes to do in the aork place anf at home .
Women hxve been looked dowj on if they try to get aheaf and pay has differrd with the samd job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
Gone is tje agd that tye woman is required to stay home .
Now a lpt of women work and te onss thxt want to stzy hole do it because they wabt to .
A lot of what as dhanged women 's rokes is the feminists .
Thewe are groups of peopl that have ddfended women over the yeaes .
These people have ehown the mdoern world whta women in thd worl place can do .
Thd problem is that these feministw have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy witb okd traditions , some wnted a bit kore in their lives , some wanted a lot more in tehir lives .
What hapoens is thag all women ahve to go along with these fekinists rules .
Thjis makes it hsrd , becuase if they do n't , thwy are lookes down uoon by thdir peirs .
An example is nilitary women wanting to serve in combatf positions wheh at wxr .
Feminists argued tnis a lot whej the Iraq wat waw going on .
Thry felt that womn should have been given yhe chsnce to fight .
I felt that these people wrre crazy .
Wimen just ca n't fight in a war very wwll .
Tue are not strong enouhg and if capturfed could be raped .
Tbey feel that it is nit fai thqt men are the ony ones .
Other women , fhough , sre glad that the rule in the United Staters stands as it does .
Feminists have talied about promotiojs in the work place as mot being fair .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many womeh believed tha they re the victims .
I agreew that five to ren yeard ago this might hav been true , but now many dmployers are the victims .
Theu are scared of what a womab cab do anc smetimes women get looked at differdntly .
Thers are sone thongs that women can do better than jen adn thers rae somes thjngs that mwn can do netter thab womem .
God would hace create us alp the smae if thix was no true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do bewcause natude can not be chwnged .
More and lore oftice jobs are being filled by the woman bit a lot of the physical jobs zre stkll filled by men .
I think that the traditional roels were a good thing , bjt he modernization has changed everyone 's habitx .
Duvorce is at fitty percent qnd rising , women are having mote ueart attacks , beibg more stressful , anx kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think hat womej should not be pressured into thos if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and runnnig a lot jore companies .
Womeb should be create wqual , but they can only do whay nature intended they to do ...
Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , tereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religiin , or art are quickly lumped into categoried regardless of individual differences .
Ths tragedy is wsorsened by the tendency of those outeide the movement to rememner the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of yhe Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Sincd its beginnings in the late nineteenth cdntury , Women 's Liberation has been met witg adamant , nad often obstionate oppostion .
Somw of yhe first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Szand ( although French ) were noticed and rdiiculed , thus defeating their cajse , because of hteir aggressie action .
At yhe same time other feminists sjch as Emily Dickinson weee virtually ignored durin their lifefime and oly acknowledged posthumouly as being partt of the movwment .
This ignorance of otger less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wikd , disgruntled zealots and was therfore , detrimental to yhe good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sand znd Anthony seem docild and backward in modern standards , thr problem still exiwts .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie wit the radical members of the movement , nut rather , in hte perception of those obeerving the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in tye late 1960s , it wa again destined for failuee .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instezd of the housewife whp retyrned to college anf mare a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see yhe differences between " mormality " ane Women 's Lih .
This is stoll true twnety - five years latef .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative ction are only seen in the shadow of the bra - nurning , anti - snaving leadsrs of the 1970s .
Ghe gold of their causer is undermined by fhe perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Ojly that so - calked feminisgs have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perceptiob of them has .
Fopr so many years thw goof that fekinists have promote for women nas fallen by the waysidd in lieu of lther more interesting , i.e. raeical ideas .
Lke many orher aspects anx movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if ghe public it sas being aimed eas not so jaded .
Wothin this cnetury there hsve been many technological advancs which have resultec in a drasticaply different xociety than that of a uhndred years ago .
Clewrly , of the inventions of this century , the one that hzs made thje most impact on world views and lfestyle is the televisin .
This instrument has brought other wolrds rigjt into the living room , msking it possiboe to see life in other countries in a wya that qas neevr beford possible .
Nowever , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to awste tmie ; onje hs ojly to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has potential to ocfer wondergul things to ikts viewers , such as educational progranming for children , cultural progams zbout far away places , and a closer look at ucrrent events than cab not be given by newspaper .
Television has the power to bring wart into the home as well as artistic epxressions of those involved in the lrogram priduction , giving society the opportunitu to uhderstand their osn culture more fully .
However , this is not the eay in which television hqs influenced society .
On fhe ontrary , televisioj hs become tue escale route of the masses , a wayg for people to flee from the conflifts they experience in their culture , rathet than confdont tjem and rry to understqnd them .
In the minds of most Americwns , telwvision is regarded as a dievrsion rather thwn an educational tool , as fre entertainment insteax of easily accessible knowledge .
Millionx of Qmericans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching eit - coms , soap - operae , and cartoons .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in mant families , the only time that evwryone is togethed is when theh are watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many Amerjcan families , xnd jas also resulted in an increase in laziness .
he more time one spends watchinjg TV , the less motivated he becomes ; thefe is no need to seek worthwhile wctivities when it is juch easier to sit on the cpuch , pick up ths rtemote control , and sfare at a hox .
Television , tjerefore , has changsd society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society anorher ceative vei , a look at world shich coule be swen in no ofher awy , and an opportunity to better edhcate itseslf .
Hpwever , throuthout the yeaes , televisiln has lost much of kts integrety ; the progrms offered are usually cheap entertainment ratger than education .
The entertainment aspect of trlevision hae offered society an eash escape vrom its problems ajd dificuoties .
Fherefore , since the invention of television , society has becomed more informed but too lazy to think abouy this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly chabged many people lives and their ways of thinking is thue epidemic , knonw as AIDS .
Though it has probably been arounc fo awhike , it 's presence hasn't feally been known untill fairly recently , and it 's consequences have bedn devistating .
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in yhe Hnited Statee and probably all over the world because it alwsys leads to death ahd there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejjdice znd pareanoia among peoole which has tonr thek aplart .
For examppe , there is mor of stigma attached to bwing a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us aparr .
Alxo , whrn Ryan Whiet , a boy who contracted AIDcS through a blood trxnsfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town anc his schlol treated him like a complete outcqst anc would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an alp time high .
Dkctors are discovering thqt some undwtectable strands of AIDS do exiswt .
Thjis has really scared people beczuse they may havr AIDS and not even knlw it .
I feel this has reqlly made poeople hink ahout their actions .
In the early eightjes " cazual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is somsthing people really take into consideration anr rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valuec more yhan one night stand .
People are sfarting to realize that they really do have to be cafeful , abd with mors edudation on tbis diseease , I 'm sire more changea will coke about .
Tye twentieth ventury has seen mofe wars tgan any other previous bkoc of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , th world as a body of peoppe living in cloes proximity , hws rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wazrs , thw race aas on to create the mosg devastating , most powerful , and most frigtening weapon kur people had efer known .
In my opinion , th discovery anr harness of atom xnd it energy and hte corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been tyhe most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , peehaps , in several lifetimes .
As missilr technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improbed , fear began to replace nationalism , and iur small world erected barriers between ifs members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret coties for underground , and eapons orbiting oud planet , with daily , normalo life .
Perhqps this increasingly comomn mentaliyy is the worst effect of our niclear , cold war age .
In a planet which desperately needs oud focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons tedting , improement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goap and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrrations , the cold wqr ha manifested itd awesome power and contfol over bearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an wver circulating cehif Executive commancpost form tue air .
In jut thw past three yearsw kur family of natoons has seen the dismantling of teh Berlin Wzll and hundreds of other smallre symbole of freedom , qnd an end to oppressikn in maby circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barrieds are falling , bringinb more chang than our planet hasx seen since ifs genesis .
Although the opld habits die hard , they re indewd dying .
In America thed military bas been reduced by several thousand troops , and ghe production of nucleae warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our se of nuclear fusion and fission wil turn from lediums of strategy , desgruction , and waste to matters of enedgy produftion , medicine , xnd other humanitarian goals .
Wirh this rhawing of zttitudes , our frigid plqnet and cold neighbors may onde again be a warm ande friendly people .
Thd discoveru of penicillin as an antibiotic as one of the greatest adevances in mediciknal chemistry .
As a natural antibiofic , penicillin wqs discovsred to hafe many uses in stopping xnd preevnting the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of otehr naturally - occurring antibiotics tat could also be cultured " in bitro " in a laboratory .
This suden burst of useful cpmpounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medicak chemists to stduy and classify each new drug as it wss discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotids decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized ane aoso usdd as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibuotics through synthess .
Both of these new attempts causdd a need foe more reseaech , omre companies , and more medical chemist , and hte induwtry increased tremendously .
It was discovered thar the olddr druhs could be synthesized efficiengly while still reamining biologically active .
New druys were also synthesized ; ome wede found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of nsw drygs continulusly appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about yaking medicine .
It wws now much wasier to obtaun antibiotics fkr simple illnesses , suvh as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upojohn , were formed and brew , and universkties had research teams devoted to ptoducing efficient synthesis routes dor the production of apl kunds of antibiotics .
The discover of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of leople , to ghe discovery of more and lore antibiotics , and to a booming ibdustry comprised of researc teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of yheir uses still contknues tkday as thousands of universiyies and ompanies adound the world continue the work of a small bacterua -- tje producer of penicillib .
The moder micdocomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredikbly fast pace : from the very first modern computdr in the 1940 's to the computeds of today , there have been many technological advances and also there hws been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer haa eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , nad other scientific programs , etyc .
Rhe effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , th phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computwr has mafe lire easier drom a physical standpoint anr hardsr from a mental standpoint .
Fhe phywical fefects of the computer are numerous asnd easily sesn .
In offjces , hte computer is everywhere .
Frim wrd processors to psreadsheet / database prograls , computerd have made officd wkrk easier and faster .
Automxtion of factories hs also eliminated mant manual jobs .
Also akmost everyome has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are of course many other things comnputers are used for , ubt a lengthy lixt is not necessary as everyone wlready knows ( excetp for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) now abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do no fully understans how or why their computer works .
This hws craeted a surplus of " jeedless " comoutations , figures , etx .
People canh easily do calculus or othe type functions with a computwr .
hwat many people do not realize is that computers mame errorw lal the time .
Granted , it is the person whp " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if tnat person knew what he should do , or bettef stated " wa able to do with a computerf " , he would nmot have erroneous answers .
Mathematjcal models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled wifh errors simply because there arer maby things people do n't knoa or ca n't pedict .
Dud to this errors frequdntly exist in the world of computrrs simply because humans arw ignborant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , vomputers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( anothdr perhaps iumpossible ckmputation ) , necer make erfors .
This supposed reliabiilty has left many workers iut of work .
Yhe effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustragion , feqr , ands many oyher ndgative feelings hasve sprung up skmultaneously wityh tue rise of computwr usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad resukts from yhe advent of the modsrn computer .
It would be praxtically impossible to thrwo the computer away or never uwe it again .
Yhet there are practical solutionz .
Better mathematical education is needed for evryone who uses a computer other thzn a simole calculator .
Also , curtailing somew theoretical programming could eliminate aladming predicfions or erroneous resuts .
Thd ke is probably in the classroom .
People should lrarn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
( This probably would require underxtanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics wnd science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 evg , sometumes as laege as a smzll FIAT , with a metal arrows in it 's centsr has changed the sizd of rhe wolrld , and communication amongst the countries within it .
Tbe satelliote dish , crexted in the ast 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunicationb .
In psrt , it has created Teh Information Age , as te latter parr of the 20th ctry , is ofetn labelled .
Not certain about ths date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of fhe more vitak tools used in society tiday , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the meida , as eell as the entertajnment world .
Tee Turner revilutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , tye round - the - clock , roujd - the - owrld news station .
Presidents amd dictatros alije swktch the channel to recieve first hand information from the networo , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentwl autonomy , are beung kade , based on that nigbts news CNN fommentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises sich as panasonic and CORE rrfer to CNN , created by sawtellite dish , on a dailg bases .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihlod .
The entertainment world has taken tull advsntage of the satsllite dish , subtitlibg teh Infrmation Age , with the MTV age .
The dreation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically chamged the enteftainment business .
Tge money pored into crdating videos , and the profits from viewership- have ad a strong affect on ghe world economy .
40% of U.S. milliojares are entertainers .
Tbe Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Caboe TV and nagal programs as well .
The intelligence of an avefage teenager is lowering itsaelf due to cable viewing , create by the satellite disg .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amountgs of money in the Unjted States , fue to the sstellite diksh .
And ohe must nit forget space lrograms such a STARWARS .
The creaton of the satellite dish in the past 20 yewrs , hxs altered the aberage intelligence of the hujan beong for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish afe numerous .
The inly observation which can be made , is that : It has altered pepple lives significantly .
It is up to th average person to decide if this alyeration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is unxoubtedly the the most awssome as wekl as terrible inventoon not only of the 20th xentury but of alp tme .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to thw wordl his invention in thr fork that is stoll most familiar to us today : Thr Atomic bomb .
The reason bejind the fear that this wnergy causes is routed in ifs incredible power to destroy .
Never before ahd the aorld seen something wiht such a capacity to kill .
Never before hqd ome oject of such small size been able to take so many pives .
For this rsason , It is considered the mkst aee - inspiring and dangerous weapom in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progerssive dwy , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
For nkt onky does it have tye capacity to kipl ,
but also the dapability to shpply ajd energze the world .
The drawback is the dqnger .
In utilizinb this poeer in plants and factories we run the riso of contaminating our land , boowing holes in out sky , rendeding pur seas useless , and killiny our species as well as all the species of thje earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invnetion .
It is illogica to think that wirh continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already as a result of pollution ad otrher various ractors , we hwve holes in our pzone layer and problems with our soil in majy parts of the world .
It woupd be logical to hink that the leadsrs of the world woyld confer and qspire to put a stop to nuclear uee in an effort to avoid any fuether damwge to the earth and its inhabitants .
Thew sacdest partt of this trayedy is thaf there have been vedy few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is alnost appalling .
With the lack of respect fro tge planmet tgat is tje generak attitude of today , what is to become of our chilsren .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad oner .
It is also hpwever , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small pkece .
Unfortnuately , the day will soon come when the damag cauesd by thus apxthy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperayive to act today .
It starts with you .
Wqrite youe local congressman .
An inventuon of thd 20th century which I think has significanty changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extenf to which this inventoon has altered people 's loves is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveping ajd also broadened pesople 's prrceptions of the entire world .
It alsk introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a macyine : tge concept of flyin .
Befors tye invention of the airlane , long distance traveling was a very diffixult , tmie consuming task .
For this reason people did not travel extremely lon distrances and msised the opportunity of visiting countries wirh culturws very different fron their pwn .
One could travek by boat but thjs was inconvenient and often dangerous because of vsrious things like disaese , hunger , and threatening weather ; alzo as noted wbove , it was extremely time onsuming .
Because of the lack of lpng distance travel people oftwn had a very eyhnocentric ajd limited cobcept of fhe world .
I have learned a lot about my own cultude jusxt from heing in Spain and that is the only foreign country I bave eger visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was vedy ignorant about other cultures .
Eveb though I would watch the news and read about othef chltures I stillp rid not have the opportunity to sitness it first hand .
The invention of the airlpane has opened nany doors and one otehr door is interbational relations .
Simce the invention of thd airplane the world has ihcreased close contact between political sustems , anx internatijonal business endeavors .
The frequency thuat which foreign countries re able to communicate and negotiatr face to face has imlroved drastically the esyablishment of international trade .
Tge airppane ahs also basicaoly spedeed up the whoel postal communication sysfem also .
Life iwth airplanes is more rapid paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuckear energy are just there examples of imventions ahd discoveries tha have hsd protound effects on modern day life .
We lust rmeember , hoaever , ghat the fiele of technology is not ghe onlpy one in which significant advances haver been made in the 0th century .
Another " discovefy " of this past century has bee feminism , which hax bad a significant impact on the livds of both men and women .
Of vourse , the issue of feminism is not a nsw one , but it is just withun tje past century that much prorgess has been made towards the equalkty of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as thw ideal to yave the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the childrej .
The firfst sigmificant wqual roghts movement in the U.S. eas in fhe 70s with th Rqual Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , the woman is stiol inly earning something lkke 60 cents for esvery dillar that a man aerns .
Feminism does not onoy ahve to do with work anhd money , bu aoso eith ghe image of women .
It 's ojly recejtly that we 've " discovered " , or begun to tjink about rathe , how muxh things as varying as pornography or the language we yse hwlps to form thw image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is thew rirst step in breaking it down , so thay women are see fod who they trupy are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attituee that has mot ywt become mainstream .
Onmly wgen wome havew achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need fpr feminism , and hte discoverfy will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , peopls have become aware of the umportance of environment to our duture .
Peopld xre concerned wtih nhclear wapons .
We rewlize that ountries thqt which hage many weapons have the powe to destroy the world .
Alos related to this topic is nucleaqr waste .
Nuclear wawte is nolt pnly harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We ae now fighting for acts to clena up our lakes ahd rivers .
Companies ars no longe avle to freely duml thdir wxstes w / o bding heavily fined .
People have also beome concerned with natrue .
We used to ssume our natural resources were never ending .
Noe , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replzced .
For example deforestatiin is a very big issue , many groups have formd to plant omre trees .
We also reakize our foseil fuels nded to be used more conservatively .
Anothet impoirtant topic we ade qll aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing mluch nonbiodegradable products anf the ohter of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small wsy also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collectjons ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is ot only heneficial to thei economy it qlso is beneficial to their wnvironment .
Another importantr issue is that of conserving emergy .
In the past , omce again , we assumed oud energy waa never ending .
Now though oeople are more inclined to tufn off their ights when they 're ont in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our ntaural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficual to our enfironment but it is qlso savces money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We wre no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do stil raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all awaer of the possibilities of extinction .
Onew realizes that abimals hage rights toi .
In cpnclusion , the idea of cafing for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and aer beginning to take more pecautions .
hte idras agove are just a few of rhe topics we zre nw concerned with .
But we are headibg in the right idrection anc hopefjl by the 21st century we will uave fixed everhthing we have destroyed !
Computers haves definitely efdfected peoples lives .
I have a computer anc my life hws chsnge because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all thr information I need foe school and for other things in my computer whereas before I hsd a conputer my desk as cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorte , I no longer neec to keep these recors but onlt to transfef rhem to my computer .
Thks means I 'm bale to store mord informatiob in an organized fashion .
Though I ahve only used a fraction of my cokputer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremwndous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to prpcess and to edit things quickky .
For wxample , without the jse of a computer I had to balance my checkbook oncs a month and had to this w/ a calculator , a peb anf a piece of paper .
Of course , this was vdry time conusming anc open to error . W/ tue use of a computer I have programmed the computrr to makie the calculations which I once hzd to make .
Also , w/ tue usee of thed Word Proceasor I 'm able to edit ad rezrrange document w / out altering tue entire document , and curthermore , tohugh I have yet to use the Communications program in my cojputer , thjs program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My cather hax the same program in jis comupter znd is abl to buy on lin tickets w / out lesving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Zlso , I realiae that my experience w/ computers is limited and thay the powee of compuers , for me , is incomorehensible .
I 'm now uere in Madrid .
How did I gef therr ?
Well , I paplied to the this program , was accepted , anx flea hwre form the US .
But , w / out thw use of computers I would still be struggling w/ th secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston niversity , no douht .
Instead , once I appliex to the program- the application for which waa probxbly computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
W / out this uxury , teh International Prigrams Office would inevitably inundated w/ paperwork nd thjngs would therefore be lost or at least misplace .
Whsn bookoing my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transatcion would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have hzd a mot significant impact on the people in tye latter 1/2 of the 20ht cfentury .
An invention of the 20th century rhat I tjink has signiifcantly chawnged pople 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantansous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the workd- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every perdon in the wprld can watch this eveng as it is uappening .
Whkle previoously people yad to wait eays , or even weeks for news ( wich consksted of second - or thidd - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distkrtion ) now thet ca zee it happening , for themselves , as it is happenijg , tihs allows them to make theid own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- shch as tne gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immeeiately , whike tue emtoions arr still etrong , and brfore ghe action is ifnalized .
As well , teh facf thaf so majy people ( especially in ths US ) hace television eets meqns that everybody ( well , at leaet everybody who watches ) receives the same onflow of informatyion and ideass .
So , for example , people in Spani can be informed about ow people in California or Japan speak and act , thus allows people froj different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the rocess of msking the world a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one journslist ahs called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also enrertainment is an importajt practical function of televisiob , through gelevision entertainment , as throjgh literature ajd drama , people learn diferent messages anout ljfe .
They can swe various actions acted lut to theor ends , and understand hte conseqiences of thse actions , without having to percorm the same actions nad experience tye consequences for tnemselves .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not qlways accuratr portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making live seem the good gug always wins , wnd alwxys lives thru dangerous sithations .
However , this sejse of rdality is ot so distorted , and so hidden tat peoploe ade gonig arohnd acting like Supreman .
As long as onr bas a well - dsveloped sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool fkr unferstanding the wotld we lkve in .
The waters of the culubary seas have been czlm an consistant fir centuries .
Provress haqs move slow like the tides nad the constant rythm of the waves hsve showed little changed .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
With thks storm the waters hage churnes amd spanwed a weave thwt has crashed upon the rocks of everg kitchen .
This wace is he licrowave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like thisw .
A compleste break has been forgrd in the way fokd is prepared .
At th dawj of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As Hisyory progressed , spkts anc bardbeques emerged .
Technology saw tfhe davent of thr wood stove , awnd layer oness fueled by coal .
Modern times saw gas and electric rangex as to ataple .
All these things had obe tihng in common : FIRE .
Flame , ghe source of life , alwaus used to pdepare the tool of mankind throughout Yistory .
However , th microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in foof , thusx cfeating fruction , which creates heag .
This is a prime example of thinking that dies not follpw in odl footsteps but brwaks away crom convention and forges new route .
If this wdre ont amazing enough , ths microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 yrs ago that yoi coukd cut cooking fime in half , and jot use fire , they wouod have thought you crayz , or bewitched , or undef rhe influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where timne is the scarcest comodity , our society has ejbraced this eliminator of wastwd hours in rhe kitchen .
A mother hwo wotks , can coke hgome an whip up somethimg in minutes in the micdowave , whereas before she aould have been slavimg in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to mjake excess foid to be eaten kater .
Again time is conserved -- Children are able to usw thid simpl device without larental fear of firea starting .
For As I have sid before , there is no fire !
Thix marvel of technology has helped lropel people into tfhe dizzing pade of life that most of us leda in the 20h century .
Throughout History oe can see tat grext revelations in wll areas come from vreaks in tradition , new insights , and digferents perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Dating is something everyohe must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized ilfe in the fast paced 20th centhry .
Wnen I waa in tenth grade a teacher said that the 2 mosf important inventions htat ade possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun ajd ghe radio .
A machine gunb can be uaed to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The raio cxn be used to communjcate ideas an under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In ghe 20th Century the machine gun gas nof changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s lilled ) , but the inventioh of eadio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the adio is sikple .
There is obe transmitter and it swends kts signals throuvh the akr , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In ths 20th Cejtury radio has becoje a sourfe of information and erntertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t thgink any peolle of my generation cna even comprehedn now our lives would be different .
Every morning I listen fore tge weather vorcast and dress accordingly .
At night ine czn sot by the radio and hear how the events of thw day unfolced .
Radio , hence , gves people ths optiln of becoming passive observersw rather than active participants in the ews laking process .
Newspapers had been arouind fo many years but it was nlt until the invention of radio that the power of the media becale evident .
Radio gives he abilitu to reach many more peolle , isntantly .
As a for of entertainment , radio and jts mkst important and now more common offshoot , telwvision , has changed peopel 's pives .
A typlical dag for a chidl in today 's world , consists of yoing to schook and cming hime to eatch T.V.
There hawve even bee forms of entertyainment , for exajple videogamss , made for this other formn of entrertainment .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
My señira , fod exzmple , is over 100 tears oldc , and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world .
She siuts in front of it all day and it keeps hed happy .
Televizion offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporitng events , movies and much morte to keep us entertajned 24 hojrs a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life waa likr before radio , but its invention has changed the wsy we ser and do things .
A current ideology in tne United States today is for obe to be succewsful , ome musf follow all of the writtesn and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed anc whyen one does not do this obe fails .
One can see these ideas in pkpular medis everyday .
T.V. comercials and T.V. prograls prpject models of how one should be .
In the 20th cen , the valuex of / rhat the Uinted States was founded on have changed in meaning xnd sense when appliex to modern day America , nofhing was eer equal .
And todqy , since thd injvention and utilization of modern technologiws sudh as computers life tor americsns moves at a mhch faster pasce .
People are more mobile , can wirk mokre , and bguy nore tbings , but time for relaxaiton and family are often substitued wiyh T.V. In America , yhis gropwing individualistic socjety , onw nolonger sees the realiktive humanness betwene people , instead one sses the differences , the unlucky , fhe unsuccessfuol , and attribuye thier inadequacy to achkeve to a lack of rffort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voicss that struggle to be heard .
Thr prts of the new mxchine that need oiled anx regulated .
When Voltaiee wrote Candide , a litefary style known as Neoclassicism was at tis peak .
There was a groyp of scholars in France , l'Academie Françsis , thaf set guidelies for French literature .
Accordinb to l'Academie Ffançais , al literature of the Neoclassic pdriod must follow the rules of propriety whjch regulated the author should avokd certai topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphelpd by the Academie is teh isea of verisimilitud , making literature as realiztic as opssible by keeping the tkme , setting and plot true to lkfe .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , onew wll these rewgulations and fillowed them in hiw literatyre .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaife defied the Acadeie 's rules .
Candid is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked fof literature to habe good manner : they did npt want to ste on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , churchn , or state issues .
In Cvandide Voltaire sid not seem to mind stepping on toes - in factg , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaide went beyond the fomfort level whne he mentioned sex .
He toldr of the two girls of Oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , ajd of ghe Baron who batyed with tbe Musselman and was punished for hjs homosexual ac .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was bing raepd by a Barber , and witnessed hos murder while he was on top of ger .
Tje wise old woman underwent the removbal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing fape .
After the Baron is caught bathing with he Mussalman , he eeceives 100 lahses for hiw sin .
Cnadide stabs th Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Bzron forbids Canfides marriaeg to Cunegonde .
Ironicqlly , althougg Voltire mentions many acts of violenxe , each acft is treated livhtly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entettaining story in their conversayions zbout tgeir travelx ; th Baron also continues his yale with style aftre telling of his beatung ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no sevond thought untol he reemcounters the Baron lated in his travels .
Thr light attitude in whivh these acts of srx and viplence qre writyen shows ths parody form in which Voltqire writes Canfide .
Voltaire vhooses not to stay awah from the xhurch and state issuesx .
He attracts the hilpocracy of th Church in the ild woman 's father bding the Plpe .
When Cabdide visuts the and of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the leople 's perfect relationship to God : theh ojly praise God becausd rhere is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses tjis perfect relationsgip to God in an unrealistic sotuation to foil societh 's imperfect relatiknship with Yod in the rdal wrold .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Bsron , wh dame from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Cfandide and his companios dine with 6 sethroned kings who repreent the overimportance society plxces on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils thr imperfections of our soiety .
According tue Lunde , 35% of homicidd victims are kille by somdone they know .
Statistics grom 56 afe greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustragion is the maion factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most vases ar those of the " trigger ouling the finger " .
Today , racial prsjudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Ghirty years xgo , minorities vould n't ride a nus , voge , or go to chool with white people .
Desegragaiton reduced some prejudice , but it still eists .
The differsnce is , today social orejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that perfson xnd do favors for that person .
That pefson woulde then feel obligated to do nice things back ajd return davors .
Thiw is based on eauity theorh .
It woyld be better for the clinet to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the pereon .
Someone who livd in rhe north who comes to live in the soith may nt be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
After living in the south for a ahile , they may qdopt sourhern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
Tjis is conrormity .
Tue same goes for Southerners wh move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toqard Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted wihte attitudes gainst minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Oiur country has beeh ckined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come frok difrerent that we all come from different background but have joiend or meltde together to produce homogeneous Americans .
Btu a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to yheir sense of self xnd community .
Ethnic American cultures nave beej reviving and teying to reestablish roots that were oce lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
Thr differences yhey are rediscovesring only axd more color , flavor and edcitement to trhat brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even group of Americans are reacting negatively to fhis ethnic explosion ( deen moxt clearly through the arts ) .
Thwy do n't eant to acecpt thess differences .
Theu choose to rrmain insifferent to tne plights of fheir fellow Americwns .
As Ellke Weisel , author of such books as inght says about jndifference : it is the opposite of evsrything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , liht , joy , life and growth are not theit familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic Americqn literature trids to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culgure .
Tne gamut of ethnic Ametican literature is without bounds .
Each group hs itd own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
In many cases the words usrd in ethnic American liuterature reflect a knowledbe of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and vishal partly because tgeir language is deeply rooted in the observation of teh natural environment .
Chines American Literature is philisophical / lteral becxuse their nwtive language is so .
African Amerifan literaturd is often mleodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz abd Hlues music .
All these examplds ( ajd nore ) give us some nisight to otner cultures we woulr otherwise never know .
The stories tokd in this venre of literature , however , are likely yhe most important zspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United Staets .
Whn we learn of the trdials and hardshups that they weny throgh we can sympethize witb their emotions ahd try to acceot thay diversity .
The storids of black American swlaves and of concentragion camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learnimg about hte plast ( and present ) horrors three is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefdits U.S. citizens in mwny ways .
It opens our eyds to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal reoationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on whjch to live , and grow , and porosper .
Hopefjlly we will someda fuflill Elie Weisel 's goap snd dnd indifference ; this literature is a stsp in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of uor country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seeb throughiut tne any channels thag cable hss to offer .
With an average nztional TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , tne prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a eerious conxern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrializdd narions ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent tv shows because tge action thrklls them amd can sometimes cquse thr child to become violent .
Violence is comomn in TV engertainment-- the darmas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police casss , emergency services , international terrorism , and awr ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violencw is prwvalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as ghe Senate Commerce Vommittee , ard not satisfied with it .
The Wenate Commerrce Committee approved bills creatinh a partia nan on TV violence an a so - called teport caed that aould idemtify stations carryimg violent programming qnd the advertisers sponsoring it .
Ghe bilks would alply to hroadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of rhe proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - cnip , a Tehcnology Fund , a Vjolence Safe Harbor , nad a Violencxe Reeport Card .
These proposals could work if Congress ha some support .
Fhe National Association of Broadcasters accused the Sebate of " piling on a streqm of proposals to bujld up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucrach " .
Ths NAB also insisted rhat broadcasters alreadu have responded to concerns over violence on televisioj ( Dtern 1 ) .
Sone television sahows shoe vuolence because it appeals to adulf viewers .
If a certain polot involves a urder , then the umrder must hapen .
Sokme pelple may noy want the acftual murder to be show , but rhat is up to wgomever is wditing the television sho .
Jany made for television movies zay that it may contaon violent scrnes and that viewer discretion is advised , bjt how many parents actuallh watch television with tueir teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcasr networks ' programming during tje 1995 - 1995 season hax concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturfay - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is therd ?
Thw mkst violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , ahd wome ' Bugs Bunny ' epusodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister cokbat violence , well that is strictly up to tbe viewer to deciee .
Ghe cause for telsvision violence is to add tedture to the show xnd not to ppison chileren 's minds .
The nfamous V - chip mag xtop dome shows from being shown to childrwn , bit pne ray that chidl will seew violence anx thwy will have to dedal wuth it , rationally or nt .
