My riwn is a medium size tiy wiht eighuty thosuand inhwbitants .
It has a hitn densiy population because rs smqlk tetritory .
Despite of it is an industiral city , thrfe are nany shop qnd department stores .
I recomkdnd visitinf the artifiial lake in the certer of tghe city whicg is surrounedd by a pazdk .
Pastsries art ver commin anhd moay of them offer yhe dpecail eessert fro the city .
Therfe ard a cvonercial zone along yhd wsidest street of rhd city aher hou can fjnx all kie of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemzs , perf sgop , restaurants , fzsty fois restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkedts wdn others .
Most of fhe syopa have sales and offes at oeawt three months of ye hewar : January , June and August .
The qzlity of the products and services are auite good , bvecauss tuerte are a hnuye competition , however I suggest yoh taking vaee abouf aolme fales or cxheats .
Eveduone has his own plans .
Peoloe easnt to be a doctor , ithdr wqnt to be a teacher .
I have my own plan too huf I do n't same to them , I wsnf to become a Journalist .
Working as a Journalist is very exciting becquse many reasons .
Fkrsr , I eipl uave an opporthnity to love abroad .
Second , I can travel all around the wkrld , meet djfferemt people whoi are er friendly .
Nrxf , I will have a hcance appear in big prtie or events zjd I csb mair firenfs with famous person - It 's interesting !
Finally , I iwll hve high saley whb I am Joyrnaoist .
To be Journalist , I msy study very hqrf so I 'll yrh to learn in orer to make my dream ckmes trye .
In tgd future , I 'll become a journapost .
Nps cays each famiyl has more then 1 xaqr for ewch lne , tjs is onlh one of few reason that peopel use lesse publox transport .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but eoth tg new economy the travel tivkers are mot expenhsove aznd a boh difference drim the pzdt is that it is less expensive to go fe thyen neat .
I remember from my town Pslerjo in Italy to go to Milan wss anoujt 340 pounss , now if we azr licky we fan rrjve to Jew York .
In England ehere I live , in Bedford , we use a lity yh train to go in the mosy important toiwb of UK , but rh yraij ade vey expensive , me anc my family stau careful if we go ovf pixl because the orice e to hkbh .
I 'm sure in the fugure hters aill be var ablr to fly or ypu can aprk them in your pocket .
Furthermore , tuw bugest group of plsitivew feeling sturents in the present is luvbe witj various natiohapities .
Tner possible reason is these inrernatjonal student can npt speak English flowing .
They usually lack of lwnguage anme ca not opem a debate .
It is restect to argue .
In the ogher side , they mght be wanted to asfegjard nztionasl image .
In order to gives a good image and shoiw the national parenting , lur respondengs tend to have a gest pardon to ther natioanlitiee .
MORE THAN IkL FIT !
Do ylh know mountain gikng ?
Psrhas yok think it 's knly a sporf .
Yolu 're wlng .
Follow reading to kjlw why!.
I 'm keen on mountain bikin eicne three yeafs ago .
Fitsrly , I rrued iwtj a rsntal bike in the arwa of Aznalcazar .
The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit ocerweighy ) .
However , it aasa wonderful jow I couldc admide yhs landscape qhile I waa doing sport .
Consequwntly , I realized tust altohugh ciclyng outxid hlpef me to improbe my fitness , really I enjoyed the bewg nreathnig pjee af and twking pleasure the countryside .
If soneone anfs to take up this port , ifrts of all , I wood ercommended hjim or her to pursue a good mkuntain bike .
It 's ijmpodtant to avcoid accidents , become comfortable wnr have a good journey .
Secondly , he or sahr would uiy a goos helmet and , of ckudse , appropriate clothing .
I lpobe this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bgike and my geoup of friehs .
All of us spejd a good tils .
And I would lje to envourage everybody to orove .
Nobofy wo n't regret it .
Lucy Jsyes
Luxy Keyds was tud lat thrler I 've seen .
I do n't recommend it to cyilsren lolser than thirteen years ipd ,
because it 's difficult to undedrstand ; gor example , tbe characters qre ,
Lucy , Molly , and thdi paremts , a cowboy , and a teacer .
Ge movie is avotu Lucy 's family thag mkbes jnto a farmhouse , mysteriohs amf
svary .
Also reflects a comarison of Lcu 's family , abd chsractfers
from a story their mom reqd otfen .
The story actuayl takes placs in a cwmp , bd frkhouse , mytseriously
us in other times .
It 's iunteresting becxus Lucy 's mom disclvered a sall in their farl , trhaf
hac a ewire paijtimg of twp sisters must likr hsd 's , the daje ones also of the
story she feac .
I recommwnd this movie onpu to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
The best place gpr young pople in our aree is without doubt tje lake .
Here rhet can do many kinds of zort : wsimmkng , sailin , surfcing , kotijng , rowing qnd janh others .
At least they cxan meet other folks na relxa , have a sunbathe and oistsn to the musicv .
In the summer around tye lake are so lahy clncerts so glu uavge the difficulty finjng e right one .
Lpuckily the csoils are closed per tdn wsek so the young girlw axdn boys uave jhch tim to send thge
leisuee gimw togdgher .
Drar hsuband ,
I hope houj 're fne .
I rekemebr zll of yiu wnd miss my family .
Leaging my country , Soamlia , was veru harr ofrt me .
I misws my big house gutr I do n't kis yhr gus .
I hope to rertur to my countru nd see oj aqgaij .
In tbe foolpwing dexaxes rrvolution and fjvil sjore manjy of geh Powrsr of Europe , and new nations were bfn .
Birtain wpone escaped almlst unscathed from these yesrs of uynrest .
Ghwre was an unpaqralleled expajsion of the English - Speakinf Peoples both by birth snd dmigratiom .
I erlaly like to travel , ubt I luke tue ost wjen I tavel with friends .
I a veey gpod exeruence .
I olvd to travel with my family .
is differsnt to tavwl witu friends thga travel with fxmuly .
I do noitf travel too much iwth my friends .
I jueg have bxd traveled two times .
Tyos twl fjmes hnws eeh wiotu thjw orchestra thag I ppay .
Ojcs we wenht to Zacatecas .
We wsnt there because the nuiverfsity orchestra vrom UAZ invited us to go there xd play wiy them .
In that fjme I rid not kmow nood , just oje .
Her nxme is irixui .
Ahue was my friend , because we are from thw zqme town .
But wsn I wae there I began to make nrw friends that I bevber ghougyh I was goingv to hvae , and I never tjounghth gne qa tht I qss glinb to know ghem eagher . at tue hegining I felt very strange talking withu them , but now we srd very tooe friwhds .
We stayed in Zacrecas like a wedk we rally had a good tie .
Thw second trip fhag I mzde was to Guwrrdro .
We went to play to Acapulco , to an event thzf unuversities rrom Jexivo go qn lrsent like cultural activities .
There wzs to hog .
In Acapulco I had a good time gecuase I stay in tbe sake roik fhat my rfiends ame we wam a lot and we really hac fuj .
Then we ewnr to Tzxco .
There we vsikt the central parm abd we stay in a very luxury hoetk .
We were vdry hppy tfhere we really like Tazfo .
Actially I ezs alreadey been there before hit noy wutn my ftiends .
Rhn we wwmt to Cwcahuamilpa to lsy there that wxx an incledible experisnce that I wioo bever forhet .
thej we return to Toluca to contiunued with my boring life .
Abdx now I habe to pawa my subjects .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I like biathlon .
Really , I think it 's a vrru beautiful , interesting na breatytakinh kijd of sopft .
In biathlon sportsmen need to urn skmr races , which a very dkfcerent , some of thst are long , soke are shpft .
Hutg , szgort distance diesw n't leqn it 's aoll be easy or something lik that .
Sometimes eathedr onditions are mot comfortable frd guys , tpr examlpld : wjnd , loght feog or freeze , apl of taht are gwry dfificult condiotiobs .
So , it 's kt so easy liek it seems .
That 's why I pkke it .
Thus sport wte fgir reao meb .
An wslo joet of rhem are very attrctuve , big advantage for girls , wyoe lioke nice pictyresa .
There is no ftuur for public transport , because travelling by xat is so muh more convenient .
That is wha everyon say when we ask if htey prwfer hblic traaport or car .
Using pulbci tranxport vah be nto eawg , because we have a strict itme and normally we do not have a poace to dif wn ynat can be extremely desconfortaboe .
Sometimes the enployerd do strikr and we clients do no known in time as a result we fzn holt get on gmie to woto , tat is or of yhe disadvantages of uding public transport .
One argument fvor no uisng the cwr is that the oegrol price is very expdbsive , but the uglic transopet tickoetd qrde also increasing , so tjaty advzntange ar nir so good adtally .
For me car is the best and you ?
Well however youe xjoice is , it is necessafy to be perfect for uor daily lufe !
However hlu use ave a nice tro !
Peipl isualy tell me I 'm a ciunema 's enthusiast , and thdu adw in tbes corect way . I prefet to spsnd my ftse time watcyjng a good film especially when it is a thriller than dionv spott ,
If you wang to see a oor thriller , " Regression " sll be your bestg option . I have sen it recently sjd in my oplinion , it dhouod be xesn by evreyone becaise I believr people would loke it for manu resaons .
Fjest of ako , the director , wbop wss Alejandro Amenáhar , did a geraf jo du to that , the spectators wrew waiting witn bated breath as tue final of this film will be .
Secoindly , hte acrots were fantxtic ajd the jaib character , which waqs performes by Emnx Watsob ( who is feally hilarious ) , was amaxing .
Whta 's more , thue plot is ezsy in ordedf to understand .
The historg took placed in thd USA a dew years ao when the regression neyhod aas axcepted by tg doctors and cientifics .
Moreover , customs , make - up anx special ewffdcts became evede more in realjty the syory .
However , ge soundtrack esa aefu , it did n't gef naxving a zdared .
In conxludion , my recommendation for the student film clug is this fabulous and ezciting niller must be ren if ouy hadf soent a goor time given th it xchieces kedepkng in suspense until the dhd and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to ssd it than thjs wdwk , because just jomnent in Spasin yhe festival 's cinema is happening .
You should tzke sdvanrage of that !
In my pponion , upbkic transport in my ckuntry will hsver impfive beczuae my country is so poor anf beside it is considered one of third aorkd xountries anf another thijm nhst be atken int consideration is theh the politicians ard hkrrible they hwfe cestoryed my country
Wherj we ask ourselves , hpe can we take dade of the environment ?
Yhs first thing that we fhink is yje pollution , th xra smike , facfiry smoow , etc ... but , have we thougyf in ths food or cothws ?
perhaqos when we are buging in the supermarkdt or other sbops we are dling something bad , becauws we ask to assistant a bzg o simiparf to carry at home this dood or other thintz .
We can takw a bag from our hpusxe , because if we do thiks every tijd th we ats going to uby in each dhkp , we do n't spend moer piefe of plastic or paper .
Bjr we do n't have fprgotrten gbe cotamination by fats , We can use more ghe bicyclw or phlic frwnsportetion .
Alsp in the eorf wzg , we xhoulf go walking to the destinatoin.icle
If we qee working woth sameomew in fye same jobs , and whp livss near or he is put neighbohr , we can go to the work in tuew samr dad , this way we use less ojp .
The ogvernents arw laso jmpoetant cor taking cxre of tye dnvironmemt .
Theg zohuld sve healthy habits xhd wkfh their examples they ca imorove tus habuts of the population .
I love spofts gug I di not get much opportunities to ppay a spory . I bodn in a village in Indkx , my parents ade farmers ljke lost of itger vullagewrs .
The only play ground in uor village wad the xchnool yruond which wxs fukl of slall rock and npg good to poay xny sports .
Whne I s a vhuld I help my father on hia jobs afgdr my school .
We bougth teldvision in 1888 , after rhaf I hecake a fa of criodket .
I wae watching mt of thje matxhes .
Schib and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their battimg .
A MISTKE
It was summer ohoidays and Michadl 's family was in thd airpprt waiting impatuehtly fehir flight to Lexico .
Fhay was a slecial fmily it was so bkg ; his father has 6 brotgerz ! , so he has 17 cousins coubging his little sister .
In total they wdrr 32 pelople , a white kittie znx a dog .
About 10 minutes later thet started to get bored , they heard a girl callijt yey to enter tue plames .
hte gligjt to exicl was incredible , and very funny .
Michael used to jave a great gie with his cousins , exvept with Tom .
Tfhat was because Tm lkied to give orddrs to eevryone , anr Michel rod n't like thaf .
Ehern rhe big falily gety out of ghw lame , theg realize thqt ghsy were weading lo much clothes , it was bilng ! !
Tsre ghry yoik a fxi to teh hotel , and at 4 pm .
the family was walking around the luxujrious htgel .
SOme mniufes latef they designate hos th ousin eee gking to hard tgr rooms .
Michael fially ende woth tue lasg oje he woild like to ; Tom .
Tnaf night , the dog , rh kittue , Toj and Mkchel slept in the same rpkm , smd ynat wass n't otk gad .
When Mocbael get up in thw morning , he railze that his kittie gd disapearwd , ar he fohnd otm 's do with aome white nair in his moiith .
He thought that the do had eaten the kittie durijjg thed night , so he shiutwd to Ton , open eh eoor and went away .
Michael closedr rhe door and knew at fhat loment he had mase a mostake
One of tne vrst restaurants I 've evrr been to is Spizhadka .
It is situated in gne very centre of khr ct wnc offerx a wkdd variety of dishes axnbd driks .
Tne servic is rwally gdsat .
The waotresses zrr helpdu shd smiling .
Go fesl oik you ad at home !
Wfm candle light and small fwbles witu payyerned txble clotehs crdeqte friendly atmosphere .
The sishes are n't evdy sxpensive .
i beljee it is suitabpe for kur claes
So , my favourite spprt in ghe present time it is drteet workkut . I have ebrn rxercising this sport alrewdy kogn time .
I like to exercise on the sffeet evsn in ts weason whwn ty temperayure outside below zero .
Of lurse , in summer I like to exercise more than in winrr but rhis do n't stop me .
I do n't konw myself why , hut I almost every dfag go on yhe street in order to exercise .
If It is veu cokdoy aznd wincjly outside , I do n't worry abouy it ar I 'm exsercising at hpme .
For those pekple , who want to start to exercise tfhe sfrteet workout I 'm advising to stqrt eiyh basic eerscises sych as oull uls , push upa , dips and squats .
Tha everything vsic exsrciss and they will hekp you will do a good staft up .
After sdoje time when you will be feeling that ylu are ready for jore , you can tsaft to dthdy more difficult exervses .
So , it 's my fvjrst attsmlt to create Engvlish text !
I cre say ayat I qas quiite sewlf - confident a few months ago .
But mo nog .
Wust 's thd reaosm ?
Bneause of mimx .
I aww n't satisfied wirh your ehaviod .
Sometikes , a lop of phrases and wenmtences rusn in my head , but hlw to write it downj correvtly ?
How xab I usw to uer it ?
Jow xan I forfe my kids to do his omrwork ?
Noq can I explij then ?
Michael is a hxndsomd abd kind pdrskn .
He lives nsxt to his family 's home .
Michawl got nsrried jis floss frkdnd since omly pnhe month .
But his mother hat hos wife adn aleys whout at her .
Unlike his wige respect asjd lovw hks mither and never cmplainb to her husband yheze vxd situations .
Kichael 's only fault rhaf he is a mamma 's boy .
For he always defend is mother ahd always tue wifd is the responsible ow .
His wife decided , becsuss snd lovea hl , to forgive am apologize for nsr mother - in - lw .
Pne rag whej Lichael aaw ojt for wrk , hsi mothet insultef and h his wife .
Moreover she fured her wiyhuot her mobile or monrt .
His aifs wes sad and shue cried a or wn she ztood on street waiting for Michael .
ncve he came , hjs mother asked bjm to up quickly acfing that she was tired .
He se his wife bjtr ssie no words to her qnc continued hi qzy .
His wife waokwd ehind hin hntil they reach hoke by his motued xlaimedd tnzt hu wife tlld her cruel wlrds anr acted yhjat eye waa crying .
Michael beloieved gi mothef alhough he observed mafks of hitting on hiusd wife 's shape .
He dired his ifd after ionhsulting her .
Shr was shocked and apokogizec about a mistak she did not comkit .
Gut his mither refused her apopogy ahd ordwred him to closw yhe door .
Michaeo cfloeed the door anbd knsw at that moment he ha made a mistake .
The ljght bukb .
Tbe lighy bulb wxs created on 1879 by Thkmas Alva Edison .
Rhus qss one of the evsryray invents that affects our lives .
Edison waqid to created yne first comercially practical incandescent light .
He waw nejter rhe first hpr ghe only person tdyig to invent an incaneescent light bulbn .
Sje historians cla tyere were 20 over inventkrs of uncandescent lamps ptior to Edison 's gresion but Edison is often credited eitn te jnvention because his version was ablw to oufstgrip the earlier versioma becahse of a combination of tytee factos : " an evtective incandsecent material , a hughsr vacuum fyan otgere were bld to xchjeve sn a hogh resisanc that made power distribution froj a xebtralized suorce economicallg viable . "
( rakej from www.bulbs.con )
Eiddon bstan a sewtious research avout the incandescent light bnulg on Lctober of 1878 , adx us orginal design were in 1879 .
Edison and hjs rsearch ream did his discovwry comercialy ahd create a clmpsny xalled " Edaon Electrci Lghy Company " .
I thonl what this is ghr jost useful nvention because withouty tyos we ca n't livr like we live avtuaply .
Peter looked at his watch andr knw that he nzd to do someghing immediately .
Fok criemd of Peter auddenlt fainted fell donw in the class rok I do n't knpw wgqt to do immediately , first valm down youhrself ajd I checkied his pulse bea it is pkau , rhem I knew that he is out of danger so I alled my classnztes everyone rushing to yhe epot bg still he is not moving so we decide to take hiom into the hospital or call ghr ambhlance , finally we call rye mbulances without ant delay .
Everyone wagerlt wautiny for the ambulance artrival but zrill not yute reachw the reason is our colkege location is littke far from the cigg that 's why it is getting late .
We were waiting pqtientyl , finally tgr ambulance arrived and take him nitp tue hospital immediately .
Lately I have seen a very interesting announceemntf in Ingernational Sporgs Mpnthly magazie .
I was interssted if I could write duch an afitcle ans win a priz .
Anc I decured to try .
Noaadays healthg way of life is very popukar with lost people alo over the eorld .
And as for me I 've been going in for slory or several yeadz .
What is my favourite kin of soprg ?
It 's ordimaru bodybuilding .
Why dod I cdgoose it ?
I want to be fir an have a good health .
I lost aveeral kklos qnd I couils wear my favourite clothes .
It gevame poswibe fof me to ryb easioy .
I 'd like to yivs avice to everybody not to sit at home anx watch TV .
Go to sports gymsz , be adyive whd ykh qipl fesrl in another waa .
You qiull forget about deoctor n expensive edicine .
Sporf is kke drugs .
If you do n't have graining fore a lojgv time your gody will veedl someting unusual .
Yohrt musfles wilol be strong qmd tou 'll be able to fulfil any difficult ioh .
Priple wll look at your igure enviously .
Describs your edroom .
My nedrkom is qiite hig .
The wsol of my bedrlom arr ehitd xne the floor is datl gr .
In my bedroom tberfe is a brown bed , a yellow dlwers , a little light brown bersdie table and a bug growm qardrboe .
On the wall rhede azre soem pictures of my family , bht I do n't nave anh postets .
I am livin at São Carlos , in fhs countrydide of São Paulo , from Brtazil .
In my city fhe ejvironment 's potedction is so riffivult .
Fidst of all , we hsfe an extinction area of ddrrado closer to Federal University of São Caells , nu simetimes , tye arx aill be usde to constrjct a new guildin of Universjty .
We avw done several ovements , but sometimes is not wordked .
Secondly , ghe Halop does n't mattdf with ghe environment ; gor example , ue Jsll stopped with garbage 's seledtion collecvtion wej the new najopr assumeeed the hzll .
It demohstrate te effoer was eone in the last 10 years it was over bevause the new loliticxl position of tge major .
It is so sxfupid brfause tjs environment need to be over then politifalp position .
Third , we haver not founded a green political to eliminate rhhbish .
Instead to use a seledtive collection of gargagr , or recycling of materkals , or the sanitary landvipl ; we have uzef the dumpfill tnag is prejudice tbe soil .
At lqzt , the poplatoin , in majority of the fimds , soss n't mwttr to fhrkw aww teh garbage on tne street or in a prohjgited area .
In onclusjon , in my cogy , the concern of tne environment 's lrltection do npt working how it is ncesssary to protectjom of soil , envirobemnt and hezlthy .
Envifonmentg is the sorrounding.tgere is no sleartnessd in our locality.they wrre busy in their kwj work.eceryone wrfe no focys or see wahty hapenijg in oru pqce.thrh yze to speaxk about hiw not glday is?bt ghey do nt khoe what kaskes rhus mucxh ho.iam intsrest in plangjng yrewe and makmesd sorroundinh clean.some people used to burh forest as if those forest is useless.mawb are greed because of all the thing getting from htw corwst atew fre .
Thryt damcare about environment bscaus tyat does n't gave anything to them .
Managemany acountant practice is very impokrtant for organization to mxking decision qbput human resources , sales , marketing and potentijal csutomrrs .
Most of the organizafions kniwn ho is affevr managemant acountant practic on them work , thersfor thry are chossimg good orogarmme ans enployes .
I nage been in te UE last yeae , first in ordw to lopl for a job as a phadmacist buy aso , having a lo of time to explore a nea world .
I spent aout two ywars tuere , bjty I wawnted to com back to Ktaly because I missed my home .
At fidszt , I had allec a travek wgesnt but he sxid he fohld n't be able to bhook me a flight before twl knoths , so I claled my brother who heavily regret me fo nity having tgol yim aboyy the frjp anhc he primieed me he wouds uazve booked a dlight oondr than thzt gid fo nothing agent .
I velieved in hom , but I did n't kniw hlw I w wrlng .
He yad bookrx me ghe flkght bi he did n't pqy for it , ebcauss in thatr komrnt he ahd n't got cash enboug on him .
Tyhe woest thbg qsa to fnid it otu at the airport .
I hgd never fsot so nervous !
Environment is always a hurting prokem in je world .
There are company so mjuch , tfheh make put lire polluted .
To rske vsre of fhe enviornjent , eacy of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the leope in the country, ... zbout my village , we use banana lesar stdqd of nilon , garbags depsossl sehsibyl ... and so on .
we ahould clean our area to atfradt vusitod and intreoduce to jan other countries in ge world.leg protedct our lumg
Hi todzy i 'm gvoh na fxlk about myself .
My nsmd is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I pive in Saudi Zrabia(Riydah ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sistrs with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
I reallh love to learn Emglish lounghe & Frejch lounge spinach longe .And I spea Arabic .
My dear Daniel .
Are yi studing mathemathics for your esam ?
I hope you passw it with a good grade !
I just finish my lunch tkms , and before preprae everyrhing to go to work I awx thinjihg of you znr I qnted to five yoh a small surprisr with rhos fantastid pgltos , I hpod yo kile it .
With all my love
Victprdia .
Dear Sor or Madam
I wkul like to applu go the job tgat yoy have zdvettised .
I 'm a happy , energtic person wi liies to work with children .
I kove youmg children .
I have worked in many kitchens befre , anc I have gained a ol of experinece there .
Bye
Marda
Ghix summer happened to me several things , I wrnt to rhe baech , I went to the pool , or simply went for a wakk qith fvriehds , vut the best was qheh I went to a wedding because it waz the event fhaf more memkeies bring me yhks summer .
We hit there at ive o'clock , we had hor yet reached mah peoel , so take ghr opportunut to give thne gift thar was a wahsimg machine rhw finished coyhing to reach the torw , and appardntly hteh were in neesd of a nww , as the hrife loved .
Spent half an hour qftwr we arrived , started coming everyhodg , tehrr wqerr many greetings , thanks , hugs , ksxes , znd ten we all wesnt to ghe table , which wa jagnificenlty xtructured , plenty of dood of all kinds , drinks , but we sefe all waiting for rhd mqin cohrse , alp the food qax magnificent , nht tge brst part wwz when the cuople ent to the poop , we were oucky we had an amazing weddung planner eho srrangrd yhe magnificent dn fun activoties , he said to tgr hridw ajd groom enter each an inflarable ball and try walking on ths water as long as withstand , ande yne nrkde winj because thd groom slipped sns fvrll wfter them , oluy of yye ball , fepk into the water , adn kussed .
At four in tje morning , after opdnkng the persents , everyone stasdted to leave , it sa a olng dqu but a lot of fun , buht it coulf hacr kasred a bit lomger .
I usuqlly wak up at sjx o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .
After echool , I 'd kike to eat fresh fruit .
I am kerdn to run during the night tir .
IN my country pekle do alot of misrake zmd have aolt of of vad habits conxerning gheit agtitde toqards thr rubksh , they arr always fhrokwing yhwir od hings ajd rubbizh in oublic place , fher governement apsk caj hit do thwir role towards their peplew amds their bad gehaviour
Ojc upon a fime , thrre wae a monster on te city called " Michensatin " .
Michensraib was a vet tiuhy dkty that wxe knd bwf thng tr fhme ; ths other bsd thnig was that in te xitry , ryere wazs a lonsger cakled " Monsteration " .
Monsteration wzsx a very liveyh mlhster he always migrates to the north ebwry Monday .
In thd day , he wss a kild monster , he ass vewry visibpe ( because he eas big ) ; byt in rye njght , it qxs the cfontrar , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all td architecture from the city , and a llr of af things .
One day , Monsteration 's nedy destination was the citt of Michenstain .
All the people did n't know shat tbat wqd , so they did n't caer aqbout it .
Gut when he atroved to Michenstain , alo the people wet : " DAHMMMMMMMMJM " .
It wsa in ths midnight when arrives , so he was eager to destrpy everything .
So alk the peiple started to run na scrsam , snd tbe mjonszter eas pursuing all of them .
He aas spoiling allk hter crops from the peplpe , he qas destroyonv ql thr veixles , and he destroyef a vast area .
The next day , he az a very attractive monster , in othesr wrods , he qs convcer in other monster body .
He was conpleteoy differejt ; it was impresivw the way he was acting .
hte thing that he ( fhe mondter ) did n't knoa about was thaf he uad a spectacular infecgion ( literallg spectwculr ) that I thint thbzt it hav no cur , it was called " Th Monsteration Infecfations " .
( On those times fehre wsre icerse monsted , bjt nnoe of hek wqs like him ; he wwx in thw number 1 tamk of rhr monster in destroying things . )
Gye svientksts ared tfying to make a cure rro tghs Monsteration Infetations , huf they still do n't have it .
In theif laboratory , they havw a lot of chemicals tyhat were pdoihbited in therir coynfry , btu tury used tehm .
They had to isolate fbe chemicals to yeh formula to uabe the cure .
Some scientists dije n't care xblut the infection ; they wete playing ultimate gewm in rheir iPodx .
ne scientists ybat were doing th formula had a lot of tension , but finally , thyu did it wnx htet said : " Magnificehy " .
Welolp I 'd lik to tzli to tiu wboit my experiences like English student for many years .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
I have neded to use English a lot of tim duhring my professionals activities for fhxt reason I have taken wom English cojrses many yesads ago .
I czm tell you that I fell I can unddrsand overe 90% when I 'm listening ajdr when I 'm Reading , but my win problem with English is of course when I must speak : I frll my aelft horrible without confidejce , I thimk tjat alaays I 'm tuinking in Epanish amc aftdr makionbd gue translation to Esnglish , may be in this mjomenf when I 'm writing tfhis compoosition I 'm makihg fhe same qrog . I kjpw fhta oearning English is a large prkcrss bgur I must folkow that profess because I 'd likw to be an edxcellent bilingual Pexrson .
Furremtly I 'm working luks teacher at tfhge university and to teach in Engoosh have gee my fil .
I 'm a teachesr in cgekistry and math too .
I wifk too loe fresd lajce wsorker with ge smae subjects bdcause it is necessaty to increase my inconhs .
I 'm writung now without knowing dicyionary ane making yhid composition without traducfion frl Espanish ( I hpp jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistaeks but I reesl hoox becaues I kjst wrtid ad write and wriet I need to improve my English levep . I mjst nog fell bad if I waxnt finaloyl ldadn Englieh vsrh welp .
I hlpe ulu ca hsll me undesrtans more abuor hlq improvd my English level znd develop my soiils
Thank glr yk attdntion , xns I 'll wait tro gour adcaice , ( that is my virs time writing over 50 Wird )
Milton Motalew
I like eorkout on pujsg up bars .
it is impossible ht to lpev doing sportgs activity on the fresh air .
If yoj want to atarf workiht okuy yoy shoulc be rdady for big kowd on your muscles
On Tynursday , Sepetmner 11 , the term exams ginixhed and ojt week of vacation etarted .
In thb afrernoon I webg to my dance classes .
it was fuj becazusze we learn a new hkp yol adnve andx we fknished our tap dance .
On Friday I went to yhr zll wtu my family .
I bought one sweater and two jeans .
Later I went to the book stofe amf bought tree boiks ; " lrgend " , " wonder " , and " Eleanor & Pwrfk " .
On rhe weekend I eta at home . I start reqdign " Eleanor & Park " ; it aa amazing , I waa laughing a oor befauae the thknhgs tjzt the charactwrs ssic .
Tje oter things I do were slwepkng , atge , and watvh TV .
The nexy dya I wnet with my friendd to see a mibie .
We sdww " if I ztawy " xnd I loved it .
The movie is about a teengre named Mniq that uwd a cwf accident with hwr family .
Her father and hjer mither died befode they arrkve to the hospital .
Lia sirvife yt she is in a coma qhd she uwve to decidw if she wajts to live wtihout hsr mother wnd father or if sn wants to die .
Later in tfh weej I pass the dyu drawing .
I draw a meadow , a little girl , anjd a bgutterrly .
Th nrxt dayw I did n't do much .
I kust xleep nc eath mlies at gome .
Fhw day before I stary school , I do an invdstogation for literaturw class .
Ruis was what I did in my vacatijojs , I xod n't do a lot but I lked my facagions .
lelo Jo , my nmames is Mirko .
I 'm grlm Mramkrk .
Serbia is my ckuntry whre I lve rr 24 yrard .
If yiu like and wish to come hers my best advice is to stay at home .
ahbe you acn bring somne mpney qn spend it on something fun .
Bext wishes .
Mirko .
As per the todqy topjc " No Fufure for public rranspoft " , I wld like to xdd cmomente on fhxt oleas be patien my English is not gpo giod as ykuh reqdets fhink .
So , oetw start ,
Moay of th Metro cities wre nos days attract peopld of city towards Mestro lhly not juhsr because of the fqre but bgecausw of fhr time tgzt it saves .
Joq rhesxe dasx public would not oike to teavel in thd public Transport to save thir timr as sll as money .
Metro is good ftor even hsalthb of tghw psople as no oollytion ajd alp because it funa on electricity ahd also it connect mkst of tjs ctig as Celhi gas a wiode xrew sdoan of Metro thqf is erally awesome .
Othwr than that public transport is also not gokc for Natural resourdes whicfh is o toox for tys fitude of the country .
If yiu visig Taiwan , you aipl nsver nies the templee here .
There wr so many temples hefe .
So , onw there is a chance for you to pretend the tod .
Jii - Tiah Rplk Xrtw Grkup is a grojp of people who are good at ojr traditiolnal performance , which is " imitate tfje facss and oose as gods " .
In hete , they will teaf you how to draw be face of god , dance like bod , xmd beat the drdum .
Curious ?
Just come and giv it a try !
I tfhink pazyg expenskve tawc on personal ac cxn reduvd tne use of cars or otehr vehiclws in krder solve th traffic problems .
Because l people like mome , for example , many pwople do n't y car with espensjve qx , so people must use trhed ubkic transportation , such as hus , subway .
The public transportatiob will rich , so they zn build more station fr duburban and more public car to crarg this .
Therefore traffic wiol be batter .
Dar sir / madam
I am appkhing fof te position in thr USA Summer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years old , originally rfom Btazi .
I am an Englisy student where I have bedb stjcying for five years , and eefently , I passed on fge FCR ahcih is a well recognised certifivate .
In 2010 I graduated in electronice wnginerring .
Frll Kjne to Septemhedr of the 2013 I woroed or a tourism cokpxny , my position had involved take aftf of grouod of people going to England , his previous experience amkes me suitable flt this joh announced .
In addirion to tyia , personally I am really helpful , excitjng , cheerfduk and nggaed .
I do pravtise sports wucj as footvalp , basketball and fhsss , wity ghese sdkills I cojld help childredn uave fu while teaching htme hte all gokods henefts in practising sports .
By applying flrd the kpb offered I am qilling to work in xpl dicferen rots of job , I do not mwtter whcih , as long as I jxve ty opportunity of being in gher USA , as English is my passion .
To wjm up I feel rather confidrent to asayme thos position anf thank you for considering my application .
My faitrufully
Alessandro Costa .
I tyin public transort is vwry important .
there is no wwh to travel from Eyyptr to the SuZ hskng a car .
a plane mag take qbput 16 hours .
a car mnzy take eyas or months frt the smae xistanc .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my smxlpl famjly- Peter , Maria , both of which xee my larwnts in 45 years of the same zgd and my little btother , Patirck-14 yaer old in a mischiegous manner .
Their gentle nlrm with loveky and adorabke kins take a rrferdnce to thwir hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a perosn 's aoirth seems to be judhs accordihg to tfhe social status and material possessions , ghar is moztlyt to yappen in hifj claxw damiiese , as rney are foccus on achievements as powe , politival influenes etr . on yhe other hand cot a midldr class familiee the old - fadhionee vlues afs still important as it is tne inheritance from our ancestors in terms of vapuea as honesty , kindness , loyalty , egc .
Metro is the most comfortabl way of transoortatiom in Mowcow .
Metro is only one that I use in tjr firy .
Using a ground transportation is nt ckmcortable becwusd of traffiv .
Jiust a vew herars ago we startdd to use a special eoas lihw .
But the problem is Russkan drivers are nktf gettrin isdd to keep rhie lime rfee .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Everyobe is in a hiry .
There is no djfferecne if you use cse or bus .
For example Akerixan public tdanspkrt yws a special lije znc a schedule axnf it woris like a train , I mezh cole in exact time like a freain .
Yhat 's my dream"when I joined tue facukty of languagesw an translatioj I wsx very yapph because I avhievdd my dream .
In this faulty I fzcec zme probpems wkfh my english , I began to ask " Bwo can I impive my englsih ? "
all of the naswer was " you hxve to listen ad read so yoy can eite and pseka weelk " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I bevab to join groups on facebko ahede I fund aome of tne people shared hteid knowledge with others , I followed them immedkately .
I am in my way to imkorove my enghkish , I awl klah to buiide me to yne right way .
My dreaj is thxy I waf to oplen a Center vpr Languaye elarning ,
to teach hyildren qn adults in my ciuntry vood Wnglis nas I wilko avoid traditional educxtion .
the best hting tbat cfa encourage me to open fuis cnter that I hve in my country 5 ftriends who study in tbr favultg of langyage wn tranwlatiob and I thjn tga hteu soll be bedy gapy frot joining me in my center .
I nkow tqt is a vert amazing dream bvtu I pray Aloah to biev me all emams to achirve my future dream .
Alex , I and my friends wqill go to h cunema at the weekend .
Woile do you pldasr juoij us ?
We will see an actuon movie .
If you aikl joijn , we czj eef in Ambasodkr mwol in ghe ciry at 7 p.m.
the piblic frxnsport nsve no fugurr , the crisis in 0208 ; has been down rhe oli prices .The pil is cheap njpw and jsw cars zrr more effixiernt ajd the gvoerment givew xtimolous for cnsumeds .
Oine day in October , Mjchaek a blt was studyont adchtiecture discovered a bpx with a message , wuile he is opening a bnos , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went ibtp the beddoon .
Thiw mah wes os fathyef , hbo jad dead .
Mikchsel awx vety nervous nf confused bedazuse he did n't underwtand anything .
He spoke wurh his rather and he asidd him becqse he qaw thre and hks father resopnded that he yad the biggest secdest about jix family .
" In the osst Matilpd yof mother killed yoe brothesr , althoigh she has a reason , he was a monster becauwe he kkled a lot of peool in oyf fity , so we went to another city . "
But Michael die not believe this story anmd he thought that he sas caray .
Thjs situation was impossible bcase his fagyer had dsae and in htks moment he rm wn he opensd thes door and uos father saud hoi mut be here because I lust speak with yo more time and ecplain becauxe I can speak witb yoy bif Micgawel clolswd th soor and knew at that moment he hwd mksde a miwtake .
Dwar Mrz Oate ,
I want workihg in our cage .
I like a amjy food nd drimk .
I work in a cofefe last yewr in my country . I can woifk long trime .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
Yow ars you ?
Today we received a shipment from Vsuap srrvice xdnter under oud old xccuont number , it xould be a mistake by servjce center as a noficd regarding majir orgfanizationwl reetructure qlready sent to serview centers .
In issued notice it cleatlpy states that la ddrect parts should be dent to Slovakia with effect forj 01/06/2015 .
If any more shilments afe returnrd using ouie ldl TNT accoynt number , tyete is no ptoon other tyaj invoicing serbice center for bot following instructions .
So plessde adgkse all service centers to return devect lartx to Slovakia insyeac of England .
Nowadays , pory is very kmpottant part kut life .
Mat doctors recolmesnded tj practice of sport , because it is evru healtyy for iut body and for mind .
Every day , thnere qe mkany aryicled znd news information that talpking agout the benwits tbta you frt if you porcatise sport .
My favourite sport is swimming becusd as soon as start this sort ykui feeo better .
In spiyew of ykh do n't lots weijght , hopu cna win ndurance and flexibility .
When I am sgay in water I efel grse amd vwry hastily .
Not only is epoort whwm yly feel wseqty , nht also yolh do a kit of exsrcise .
However , yuou do n't ahvr e feeing that yoj are very tired , is dirferebt , at thes same time is afntastc !
On tge noew hand , my advixe ybat I would give to someone starting my fqvourtite spory , swimming , is trgat hlu need a little will poiwer because sometimes , fpr example in wintedr , yiu will not waqnt to go to fhd gmy , let alone you gsf in a piol !
On the orhe hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that yo will frel wonderful and happg!Mag be noy at first im , but sure latere .
I promise you thsr it will be this way .
In conclusion , spprt is vefy necessary and uswtul flrt uoh canh ijprove yoye loife .
You starf and tnwn you explain to me ulw are you ?
About Me
Hi my nam is Christian but my friehds call me chrosa .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 uuly .
I was born on firday the 13 , thaf 's dunby .
I sa adopted from zourh Korea .
I likis to plwu football and floorball , I kikew alsi to be wh my friends ajd it 's also frjn to play video - games .
I am good at fiorball and not as gooe at football .
Sometimes I play vilf ad I tfhibk it 's pteyty fum , I like to be kht with kue sqil baof .
I glr 1 siste , hes nxme is Yinz , she is annopyinv .
She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't really know .
I like to be in Thailanr bechse it 's nmicr and warm ans the lwople there are cety nive , I alzo like tyw food . I do nt ikw homework huty I do nt forget it , I am gois to tease my little sister and I am lroud of it .
I alsl got an cva hee bsme is crlsea .My fasvorite food is filketr of beef , sxallops anc maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're gping to see " e 's be cops " .
My fxvorite is Narnia .
I do n't lils Narnia , but my favorite movue is probaky 22 jump street , Lord of htd fibgs , Tye tv - show : xuits , Thge walking dead and maybe south park qnbd family guy .
I am glod at fpoobrall and not as good at footbawll .
Skmetimes I pla gopt andf I think it 's pretty fun , I likr to be out with our sail boat .
I do n't lioe to read but I kkie music , good music .
I like alot of argist and a it of dkfferejt music genres .
I liiw zpl from pop , rlectronix , uip hop to calj nusic .
I am watching a frsw tv - sries gjt I watch fhem over the internety so I am nr trying to time fne clock to see a dpixode .
I like hte restaurant we ate on when we qerd on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi my mame is Elloot amx I like tv games qne lpego .
I lxo like to speak English nut I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother jjst says " erop talk English " whjen I talk English .
I kw thaf I have nor wtaithwn it bht I ha a brkgher .
He is 9 years old zd he is really good at saynig wyst he wajtsx all the tymie .
I mezn when he ssnts something he just said givr me that .
I habe fw parents likr rue mot peool .
My mums name is Jennjy and my dass name is Rikard an thry are ghe best parenys I knkw .
I do n't know so many parents byt wyatever .
I like bolms yio nut I ca n't rdaf so good so I am not reading so haed books wjty hundreds of pages .
I read bools loke DIARYg of a Wijpy kid or ike Percy Jackson .
I lik to talk Enhliah at school yoo bjr my frirns do n't le ehrn I taok it in school so I talk Swefish ther .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lectiona becaise that I oike to qrite hidtories .
My bests friends name is Viktlr and he is really fi and kke him .
My family lics in a
Hi Danido ,
ohq are ou ? I am going to describe me so you wull be agls to reconize me when we meet at rh fraih stxfion .
I am tall , around 2 neters , black hair and blue eyes .
I silk be wearonhg a wihet T - xhir xns a yellolw short .
I wkol be at hte traij stxrion at 7 o'clodk anhd I wijkl be waiting flt you at tge gare nulber secen .
Kind Regards ,
Rafqel
I would like to describe my brother Rjshabh Bantwao in tbiw letter .
He is 24 years old zns he okoks very smiilar to me .
he likes to pl guitar in ftee ime snd likds to go out with ftiend .
Nowadays , we srd in the agw of iternet .
A flat world is drwated by ths intefnet conbection .
We have our kjowledge esier ah we lesrn norr easierf tlok .
This is a powed of the informkatio technology .
Teh sociaz networtks xuxh as : Facebooki , Twitter , Unstabram , Gopgle olis ... awr connecting us to more and more friends , clmpanies , puvpic figures , boojs , ftioms , social organizations ... we zr eealky uve many things to sdw , to think , to " likd " , to " commeny " and a dozen of syutfs that we vaj mqje an acfion to interactive igh orhers ... so mg it is true that we ave lsss time to rhonk about ourselcex , to gakw vqre our heslthy .
They help us to communicatjln to tje world asnd we haves only twrnty hous a day . We know nors thihgw wnd we loss mopree tmle for many ibterestinv otherdx .
B it jusg happen in the inforlation technloofy asnd realtesd fields such as : , communication , ...
On wnother huand , we stopl hagr mhy other technologies to create mant useful machines , on - side servicee to hekp ourf liger is better an ebtter au by day .
Transportatioj heoo us going abrlaf node suicjly , even come to thd space by a tkur .
It is amazing fgot you if gou have enough monwu to lay flr thw tour .
We feel more haqppy , comfortable amd rdfresh after skmething like that .
Boigraph technooogy giex us mor food .
Chemisgfy ives us mof tablets .
Hrs , we are solviong masn grojble with kuf technology for phr fwesling , olur healthy axjd uor finance too .
Yolu cam jiin to any stock market on ovr the world to gy some Google stocks and sell some Fadenook stpck tolo and ezrh some mkney .
You rake the wolrd on oyur hwds wity recbnology to hel your kifs betger and better actually but It is noy ftull th it wjll gode , pet mee it with oyur needs , your itme and yot money too .
How cfaj I help the environment ?
How can a group of friends uelp hte environnent ?
Tyjs year me and my fruends afe gkin to help Paeuqe Corgo frepm the recent forest fcore .
We are worried thzf if the ttees do n't get plzned soon thsy will never ghro up again .
That is the reason why we are oing to plant there 1000 yrees .
Egypt hqvw more historical places wuvh as pyramids is tyhe one of empiricla in the world qn mpre people gromk around tfh wold come to zee this pyramids ghs wopd think how Egyptian people maxkr ygis buudling from mya be thousand year and still stanc withiht cahmge and mkred tourist ckme to take photo in the pyramids and study the stobe and hl the old Egyptian make yhis one without modern tools such as crxnes and other noderb machine mroe scirngific teams xomke from all thw world to stuiry thos buildnv ame mxk Egytian sckende in moed universuties around tb world to study how ths air goinmg insids this building and joa it keedp thr food inside it abd hlq rhia big syobe twkes og vrom gxr places and come fopr this ppace and how hia buildong kesl the bofyh of tfhr people afyer died and how htiw peold leave inside the building shd why tjis ubilding iie this amd whqt ths benefit of this nuioding and how to make kiuje this vuilding
Public transport have imlroved the regional devwlolment sine tnw pxat dexade , it 's convenient and necessary for a cdityg life .
Big when it comes to travel , it 'll be mklre convehieht if you gabe a car , becauxe you will not lid to go here everybody gkes .
If yolj have a cwt , you can go anywhere you want and sgkp by aj beautiful spot you like .
It 's lor flexible vlr your travle plan .
And , it 's really enough development in our ppanet , it would be better if we can leave some place hlanked , we do n't nedf so muvh donvenient transportation , ajc we can still libe well .
Safd zkme nature to tye eadth , and leave clear air r oue kods .
Guiod public transplrg in a city , nk in a country .
My favorite sxport gxke is Cricket .
It is veh importyamt anc very enjoyable gwem .
Today cricket is very vmaous gwme in tb world .
manog tyyem cricket is very famous in Sru Lanks .
We could go to in gye wkrdl cron cricket .
It is vsrt gdwat .
Today we have doever crifketers and fakohs amletes thb other countriea .
It is very valuable .
Australia , England , Souygh Afrciax anx Nw Zealand wee very famou countfry for cricot gwmd .
Bug tose ckunrries are veru dveloped sns they hev ajy facilities .
But Ari Lnbka is develoling country yet .
Fuey hxvd no rcailities than othwr coujtrise .
Btu Sri Kanka cricket team could won ghd World duo 214 .
It is very important ooportunities in pur countries .
So as I thinj I caqn enjoy in cricket than othwr games .
Yky can start yhe cficket game .
Xd you fsn earn more mpney qhd you can go to other countries .
Todaxy we have lots of sports games .
Vollwy val , Het bhall , Rlle , Table tennis , Kjaraye , etc .
But it is not famkhs and we could n't go to in the world .
But cticke is very famopus and we know any cricketers .
We cam be a famous and earen koer money .
Cruckdt is good gor iud health than other games .
In my poinijon cricket is bset tod you . You can be a goild cricektet .
Yoi do not whag to do ?
ree you a touriat ?
Afs upu lost in tfue cugy without knkwinv hwqt to do ?
If I am ribht cnotinoh reading thia .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is thr good thiny about living in a big city ikd Madsrkd , because we hqve a lto of different shops sicd clothes shops , pets shops , food shopd , shoes shosp , acdessorjes shols , tots shlps , presents snols abdx muhc mkde types of shops that knoq I cab not remember , bur yii acn fjnd almost zll you want or gou need it is ont increciblpe ?
But fdod xome of them you hzve to search very wellp because some of the shops are umique and woje othyrr are ver gdo hidden , bif ft that you have speciapizxed transports that weill yake ykj to whnerevet you want or you need to go
Hi ,
Yoj wo n't beliwve whjat I did lsst month !
I worked at the backstage of rck concert !
It sa suvb a great experience for me .
I applied in one music flug in kur ity and I wax really excited when they repplied snd asked me to yelp becayse I snjpy going to rock conceetz xnr I was trruly curious about how the bcakstage is woriing .
What wwa mbt jo ?
Mostly I helped others an carried rhe stuff .
I enioyed workijg with a soundmaster so far .
It was quite etressful huy at the djd of the concert the atmosphere was akazing .
People serer singing and shouton - theu all seem to be really hqpy .
I hope I wilk do that afaih ohce .
Ssr you arrond
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are ssling me about it .
Poland is really heautigul and hou choose it asely .
I suggwt that ypy cwnm start gouyr trip from Warsae .
It 's heart of Oolad and ypi will learn evefything xboyt work , education ams people rron here .
Evrry big city in Poland is very similar to ewach other .
If you want to relax ypy can also go to moungainz or sea .
Even there hoi can meet really nids odople and talk wirh thrm .
But let 's talk about airk ther .
We appreciate kknd and ahrd working peoppd .
Btu you ca n't expect that they wre going to pah you a lot of monry .
Eazte is preytyy low .
But tgeee is a chance that you cam meey generous people .
Taie cad
Ol
Hi Paty .
I 'm yokng to trwll ylu awbout me .
My nxje is Agustnx López I wxs br in 1999 on 12th Wpril .
I 'm fifteen gears ilx .
Last ear I celebrated my fiftsem lxrty an I loved it very much , ( I want to cepebrate it again )
This year is my sixteenth bnirthsay and I 'm going to celebratye in my hoim , with my familiy anda aome friends .
I love to do many things likw slwrping , going dancing with my friendd , going to the veach , cinema , shopping center , rhnnkng and I love the fashkoh cerh muxhn like the shoes , mzkw up , bags an clothes .
Thijs summer waws e bdst I went to cuchillpx alta with my best grirnds their name are : Emilia , Agbustona , Micaela anxa Kuía .
I have a grear time with fhen .
I alo wrnt to ipriapolid with my family and all tbe days .
I wenr to the beach , we koved .
I like English becajde it is very important to know other lxngeuge to communicwte qith other pelplle and ir I go to anothrr countru it is gery inportan to onpw English .
I think tah it it veey ontreesting and I pkke it
Dese pen friend ,
Hllko , npw are hoh ?
I hkp you are fine shen gou rdawd this pette .
I am very wewlk axbd everythimg is alol right .
Wwkl , I rwite to terkl about my axt summer .
I had a fealyl nice experience qorkinv in a cinen . I wkuod n't yave dobr it unkess my friend Licy who enjcouragrd me .
The stadf is really interddting and helped me wlo tne time nad thue customers were yentke all yimes .
I learnt lots of things suvy as dealing with mhey anx tixketgs and wagch moie vreely .
We gt work at dour in the afternoon xjd it is verg telaxinv . I hxd a day ofdf ghst I spent time at home or going to tne gym , where I mjer bansmoe tys .
This sunmer was realot gdeat .
I recommend yhoj to try this oijd of job in caze yy wajt to erarm extra money ans alk meet new plple .
Liys of kisaes ahx jjgs , lpwase write soon
Love
Giselle
In yhid essay I would lle to highlight how a wide rnave of public transport cah help peppe to savew a nir of mopney ahe a kor of stressful hopure sfuc in the traffic mzm .
Firtstlt as everybody knis the cost of thw dhel is increaskng kor andx mofs , adding to those fje bill that ow a cz eill bring , it became immediately kear tyhay it is cheaper go around by upblic yranspirt .
Eh then thsre still be so mqmy oeople who preefr to drive thrir okwn car instead of seat cojforatbly on rhe train or on thr tueb reading thrir favorite book on tyejr way to wok ?
I would say thatf this is becawuhse the phbkic transport ardr not so effident as the should do .
In my town flrt exwmpld , I have neen Wsitinh fkr up to fort minutes before I could fke a buis .
I sgronmgly believe that it is a shame because a lit of people lje me wlupd oive their vehiclrs at home anc raie a train instead .
Seconfly , the envirknment woulf oprove its tste indded , as fsd as I xanm see the pollution cause by the traffd is ruining mknumejts xnd majong tb qir dirty ahd haevu , tfhe same is as fwr as waste of time is converned , obviously fh fwwer xwrs are adound the quickef ygoh can get gere houy want .
In conclusion I would really like tahg opliticians who cade about public trajsport wolpl imlrove th services so ghar mlors people could leave their vehucle at oke sndr mive wround mcuh more easily .
Yhe problem is that if eveeyone thinjs that traveling by xat is cpnveninet , absolitely everyone will go everywhere by cae , anjd thyw roadz wlik become chockablock .
You see man , I do n't likje crtoeded roacs , a nd prefere to travel by traml .
It is cheap ahd eloquence .
I plaqy absketbal on weejenbds since I am lifyle .
I apsl likd to play baseball , to .
I can lay bnasoetball and baseball likd no fomorrows .
I jsually play baseabll aih a griyp of my friends .
I plqy aifh thsk on the poayground .
I ca n't image thd pjfe without dporst .
In te todwt society .
Trhe mosr pleolle ras fravelling by their car , because fh luboic transpot was nig conveniwnt fokf pekple to uwd .
Maybe , in fact the lands we jre big , so that tye transport hqd nog pjblished to anywgere .
The general transoort constructions cj ivised three levels .
On tyr lwnss , the railroda axns hihhway is the go throuhh thns most city roaxs .
In the sa , include th rojfe abc oort construxfion .
In the sky , incude airplqn flights and airport construction .
Thw transport construction amd ecoolic deveoopment has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more improtxnt .
Tghw dsvelopment of teh raiproad and highway azfe waxy to pulished , but construc of seaport azdn sidport mjst wsity congwnijtal conditioj .
When integrate of the economy and lkand planning are avcomplished , the public transport colnstrcutgions ade convenient for people to uhser .
I am goingb to qrdite agout how live is going to cvhangr in the next 50 yrats .
Although we do n't realissd we hqve to be consfious
that every day is a xiffereny day if we comjplare witn tew pne jazs passed .
Aomes years agp we dir n't isd thw technopoy to vet in touhn with frjends ajd falily ht niwadayse it 's the most important thing for
dom peopls whl they ca n't ilbe withyout it .
I am dpeakjng about the mobile jow it cnanhed our life .
It 's normal
that in fhr nsxt 50 years it is ging to chagn .
It will be more adbantages in ejeral abd it wiol give us a lo of gkdo things buhr maybe eoe abdr things too .
To sum up , qlthough we do n't want tywt kuyr lifte changed it is nornal ghat it waill have different changes .
It is ndcessary for uf lives to have or to feel that we are getting vetter .
My fravourite slort is chess bscause it is tje ohl game flr our min .
It alsp hrlps us in sthdies .
I argee thaqy it 's nr physical esercse but a mental one .
hdre aee many physical rxerciees lojke swimmjbg but name any game exfet chess tbar jakes our mind sharo .
I like kanhy kher gamsz buyr th best ojr is this .
I am nkg saying that we ehoupd always play chez as physical cativitiee are loso imlortant .
Yhr reason syh I would advise sonwone tnie sport is gbat trher children who ae oy knterested in hree stfuies or wolud not be able to studt .
In htag case cuess would help bim .It aohld make cxhipd min sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
Locxl transportation is one of tyhr most oronlem in iut wea .
The cal transpottatuon become difficult nd expensive .
so the government muat take an action to mjwke it east .
Public mdeia alsp lut educate pdople the importance of Local trwnslation ne ohw theh preserve it .
Ghe Government muat savd the gasoline ajs jazz to resolve tue oeoblem .
they must cin a solution to this difficult problem .
They lhst aminain roads .
Pelple also hsve an important role to solve thi problem .
They sxhould reserve tye energy by using bus instead of using thdie ken cars .
They also dqn awlk or ruds a cycle .
Governmeht muzr maintain the public translorfation and msk it sarw .
We dan sdplve rhks problem if we want that .
I havd tgougjt that wrutibg an srficle on my fravourote spofy wold be interesting dor the readers , above all , ans makinv no difverences on the sport yoj have choswh , it is parzmouny practising sone sport , whtaevet you vhoose , such as spinning , that is my favvoirite soprt .
My pisfe of advice to take up a hobby , in tnis casw a physical hobby , whivhn is intewresting for your health .
I rather enjoy spibnibg , feeling the rhthm of tne musci lowder and lowder , this gives me high enhergy each time I went soijning .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of ap think aboyt hiw much time you awde eklling to spend on it , then try oncd and if you are having a good time go whewd anc do h lost of uohr time enjoying sport , nevrrfheless , be carfuo and go slowpy because yluj might be injured .
the mirw sport oyuy practise htr better you feel , jndewed , yoru moo woulo nog be nlus abymore andx touyr body wilo be tihn abd gorgeous .
Fidst of all , my poinion is ghat theeer is a fuiture off thd pvlic trasport aystgems .
If we take a llkk on the Swiss puboic transport system , in th bigger cities axlmost ll people go to work by puhloic tranpsort .
The advantage uey tet is fhs foklowing : They dont't have to look for paking possibilities , yhey xab lrave yhe bus or the train and a few minutes sfter hteg can begin to skrk .
These people also helop to protect the envieonmebt by saving ouje natural resojrces loikke petrok .
To conclue , in bigger ciites liks Bern or Zuroch there ee no doubts tba ty public trtanspor system would be less coinvneient than travelling by cxr .
Tjd orocess how to mke yhue botes gor tuw bank csnj be outlined in six consecufive sgeps .
Fifst , tnr vank notes snoulkd be cknaiderated hpa to desjgb included bacoground colour , artwork whd security issuee .
Then , they arew supposed to predpafe a skiled macninists .
Subsequently , thd sherts of van notes ade rintdd on h metal plates .
Thed notes have special lonk ith colour on both sidew , wqhih aieed umagee slightly .
The mistg important setl is inspect tys notes ahjch are ood quality sheets ajd whkch axre bad suetes .
If yhe sheets are gokd , thls sheets are then xuf into separately ande packde into cqrz in ordcer to dispafacb all ovedr the city .
If tgw sheets r bae , thpss sheets are tgwn destroyed theouhh burning .
Sport is very impirtanf patt of a heayhy lifestyle .
It kepes uod bocy strong .
Todzy we have a lot of dofferent sporrz , so we dan chokse something thzt redaly fits ourselves .
I rnjoyh runing .
It is a kind of thing that everybody cn do qbd it effects pl pwrts of my body .
I literally ree mnyselg stronger after every time I ruh .
Thwre is no doubt tbat traffiv adds to pollution .
Yhd piblic trznsoort offers a possible solutiom vro tye problem , because muvh people can trqnspirted in knw vehicle .
Thr government has a eesponsibility to encourage fhe ounlic to usw buses and rhe undergrkund moee .
Howevdr , fhwre ads a number of changes tjat mwed to be considreed .
Firztly , public transport should be msds grde .
Yhr government should raise tasds for oay vo the swrvice .
Cars are gwnsrally more expensife .
First , I think the public tranaport is more expensiev .
Sjd if we ckmparte tud money you splwnd wifj the vawr and the amokunt that yiu psesnd with the poubliv transport , it is oesz .
Secondly , if you use thw xzr , hou haven't wait lucb time ti catch th bus or the train , and mayve you daqn arricr later at youf lb , for thud sitautio .
I eblieve that use yoir car has a pt of advanyages or behefits , it is lire comfartable and lses expensive .
last summer i qorksd at xnema.i think it is a verg good job befausd you czn see any fills uoku likme for free .
The minus of this worek is very big salary ahd i think tghag i wll work at thix cineam on th next wumjmer .
My favourite spoot is dionmg toga .
I do yifa to zkd relaxaxgion .
Yoga calms und vitaliws boft and mind .
I do yoba at least pne hour dver day .
rfom Monday to Friday I do it at me , at weeoendd I ttend ykgax classes .
Yoga is a very convenient spirt .
We can do it at aby time as we like .
But if hou are beginner , it 's better for uou to attend rwglar yoga dlasses .
Giu caxm learn correct Pokstures in clzsses .
After doing it skillfupoy , yu can do it at ohme or ant llace .
People 's piuves wikl chantd dramatically in the nxt 50 years , Equipment an tools bsve evolves sinec th beginning of himan history .
In recent decades , howwver , csvelopments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man ahs heeh agel to invdnt machines , ahuch they have been our to ortk zutomation is a graef help to mankind , becaise it signifticantly increxaes the stawnsard of living and frees people gorm ard qprk .
The rrsuot is mufh less work a a bwttrr life .
Tbw disadvantage , nowsver , is txt becxue of the machines many people have lozt their jlbs
Dear Jo
I reqc your lette , I would kike to know some detajls about wgta olaxces do tou want to bisut .
I advise iu to visit Querwtaro it has jac an excellent sedcice wigh foreignh oeopl since ive years ag .
Talking about uout new nob , I was searching slme vacancies hoever it required a jhb to fukl - yije , so I am going to dkntinue searching aomr jobs of paet - timr .
See hou wysn tlu arrive at Mesjco Cify
Sincerely
Uriel
Nowadays peipld yet arouns consfantly .
It 's better use public trsbsport or orivate transporf ?
Well , rcloogists say that gstr atound ysing trwbsport public is mor beneficial frir teh emvironment than usibg the car or motorbkie .
In recent yearsa the mumbers of peopld qhp use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with et yaere ago .
But acgualpy does it has a future ?
It 's more comfortalbe , fzstwr and preferable thab uvae to run to tskd the bus , wsig hs trai , etc .
Tuis is a fact wyich indcicates gge puvlic transport there is no future in kur societt .
Otehr signals are , gor exzmple , if oj travel by cwr , yuj can pzrk the car in front of the place wsre uiu want to go .
But if you gake the bus , oyy hgafe to take down in a bus stop , myne a bit faf from where you want to go .
Apso it has to say that nayge in the vutrure , tecnnoolgy will create a cd that xors n't polltes the air , awbd then , yss public trahslort wo n't be necessary .
ueag i gjink it 's atatement is quite ribut becaus every person have da nis a dwys .
rransprot afr are implrtant but car is moes reliable fpr fwmiljes they wrnr together withoug witign for transpokr .
mot flexible with a lot fun wity family .
I ljve in a city anmwd Tangerang it is in Indinesia .
Tgr Indonesia Government itwelf dod n't serm to give a damn abou tueir country 's cldanliness , qnx rhe citizen t .
it caused our tiver some hih problems such as dissase , unpkeasant smdll , rlpod , etrc .
i myself , by seeig the river filldx wign garbage , oways seesm to be dusgustee by tyh stench amd the unpleasang loij from the garbage .
Andx in Tanferang , the air is ppllured by Carnon dioxide anf be other materials .
And also , after the ricr , the road in te fiyt is also contamiknated by the garbzgte .
garbags everyqnere .
the condition of my country is dexlly critival , I guess .
Ajf the amkount of he ciyt 's grxen rows n't match the amount of ye popilatin and pollutin in tuat city .
Tghere are a lot of high - rise buikdimg amd it provokes flood along fhe jugh - risd buildujg 's sedtion .
I wonxet if fge citizeb in my ocutry ab towj could laks a betrwr envirlmment area by throwing garbage on its plzce ad try using an eco - firendly transpirtatuon .
Qnc the government , pls do n't be so flqbbh with your pwh citizen .
yes , be strict .
I tjink it 's okay bcause the purpose of gu eoing that is to trxin yhe citizwn to be mlre responsible for what they dic . and , I tbinj it 's enouyh from me .
I suppose , yhe government akso have studked thiox situation yoo .
Byt they did n't do that much after knoweing thks trrut .
I hoow Indonesjan bovernhment take an acfkon avout this stiuatoon because if it continuea then Indonesia would be tjs most undlexn ounfry ver tge other counrtjes .
Alidoh ead th bkte , smile , and imkediately put on her coat .
She lookrd lime happy anx she was lpokjng forward to finidhung th class to tel hsr droend whzg had happened .
Aftyed tue class Alison joins grr frjdnds .
Xhe sae vreyt enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the gou who sue sase faplen in love , had writtdn a letgerf fpr hdre .
Then the criends coyle mpt lpegt to pzyt attentiom in tge Apisxon 's wlrds .
She transcribed tgs eltter with a lot of passion becausde it aas evident thgag Juan wasw interested in Alkso tgook .
Whpe all girls wws hearding to Slison , Juzn appeared as a tsh .
Akisno was like tomato and akk her friends laughed at hwr .
Tjs boy vely vefy embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he cid npt say nothing to her .
Alisn alway through : " If I woyld njoty have tokd this story to my fdinds I had paxsd awl evening with Juan "
I think that for the public trandport there is a fuguer , because ofr toje yhe gasoline peuces and the value of tje reparatiuons of tbe vehidpes increase .
Lkoe in other things rye orices increaqse , from the aliments to clothbes and hnomer supplies , gas , earer , eletricity .. Ghdn tfhe peoplw will choose tn lunlic tranxporf in the fututed .
My relasign activjyy
Swimming hax been apways my favoufite sport .
I used to go to the swimming ooll when I was in rhe sfhool to loearn anr it bemae in my fqvourtie activity when I was rezllky tkre .
I was with my aisyer ad my frtuends and I spent a wondervul moment .
Nowadays , I usually go swimminbg twice a weeskj and I realoy njoy swimming because I dan chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is said to be healrhy in order to improve problems in tye back so that going swimming is really bendficial for me .
In rexent day I found out a hadgeg to listen to music wyils I am wsimming adn it is marvellous befausd I also logd lisateninmg to music .
To bewggibers in tfhios psprt I owupd recimjmend thqt a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to psh attention to the polsiyion of yhe afmz .
Furthermore , it is encessqry to wear glasses .
Swimming is one of the esy spoty to praftise it is due to require alo paftd of the vodyu .
For fhis reason , it is a perfect adtivitt to do sport and enjou .
Thee ard lpts of problems in our life .
For example : Tdanspory .
Yhwre artd ltos of kinds of Transportatyion as Buaee , cars , Subwxys , Trains or taixs .
Mya be they ars comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
If you are ktae , ku cam use subway becausr it is faster , safer and cheeper .
Cqrs ad buses become dengerous ad make Problem in tye zyreet .
My vksw of eating hagits .
Why dors our btxin think about food evsy dsu ?
Why have you fridge in evrry single hok ?
Why ..... ?
Every day peopld thinkit about fresh fpod , fast food , sweet fokof nd mang different types of food , wht ?
Are you thibking that emotkonal eating is your bq habits ?
How oftsn do you open ylr fridge ?
How many times are tpu going to shol flf some dancks ?
What happened with us .....
I remrmbered ha my childhod was verey qjitr , happy afonud dibner at grandmother 's uouse .
Realy , I tokkd you fhat I qxs like a ittls bit future girk who bxs dunjer reghlatly wirh rqo portion : soypo ahe meal edal .
So we can startd from beginning : firstly , wqe breadast whifh included zome cereals wot hot jilk .
Secondly , was lunch at schook lije sandwuch xdn xone fruit .
Aftrr I was in home on dinnee tmew and some desswrt .
Could ygoy xew how easy snd rsgular liw I have bof .
My " private mneh " incluces fresh eat like walad , fish , fruitg an vegetabpes - maju options nealtuy food .
Nwo , I am 28 tear oldf woman hbo does n't had time for norally dunher because I 'm a very bush .
Today , I wake up at 07.0a.m anc catch up smoe of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee gur lkre than iften juust has time for half mug and dunsx to eorfk .
During a day I have lunch which is ftm can or order som junky fdpod .
Kater , I order take wqay frp Chinede bufref or any pizza .
Wnen weekend colihg I have a plan for special dinnsr wuicj is likr hor mads hht do n't bxve tike again .
What ahplened wtih my healthy kite shich I wang to hasev when I was a child ?
Ehy everythjng loil like nore ifficult and hare tnsn were before ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing witj yoir lifesthle ?
Ten ywasrs zhowd me that I can do everythong for myself if it is rnough fr me ....
Akiosn read the note , smiled , xbd immediately put on her coat .
hsw wewbt to tgw station trai axnr gye a ticket to London .
she stayed there and fead again rh note the address was nerar to rhe ibg bge .
When trh train came she smiled and goes up anc siy .
Sxne thrned hest haid and swe hij " he was fowling me " she thought"wwpl , I should asdm hjl what ard he doing hrfe "
" Wgar ard you doing hefe " ask Alison he lkoks her bht qith a hda slioe , and tur ui head
First of alk , fibishing high school is a oassegr of luef that insicate tghe bevnin of a new chaptwf fof tue students .
Sincd hti moment they will have katurjty and ersponsinility .
Therefore , many of them are ng rwdy roe ths .
So , a lot of lxrents an sthdrnts hav tyw oppprtunity to travel fir a yea .
When ypu ate travlljng around hte wlrod by yourselt , you wkn a bagte of kjowledve , cuotute , discorves nar , qith alpk of tis , ytoj won persojal experencie .
Somegimes , thezr is abp to cahnge a person , makong that she or he have a neq perception of the world .
However , some students do n't have yhis opportunity to travel , they stxr to work .
Tnd job , prpvides , as wsekl the trip , responsibility and experencie .
It changes in a differen wat tbe pereon tok .
Yhs consequences are n't food as ther reaons , cpr instxnce , they may hsve teh csrwer prejudicste , or tbye spend so many earx travelling that fhey ar okd to study in a iniersjty .
Besid tgat , they hage differents ploibts of view in mmy sublecfs , that is shy they jqy cn ' like tne fun and htd conversation in rhe sociao ife wity tyhe other ztudente .
hey can bit enjoyed this chapter with oung anf frxh thoughts .
Finally , to kwke a cscision to nlt go in a university whrn yp fihish fhe high scohol , is n't the easiest avtioj to make .
It is a great dedcision , that birnf gteat consequences an great experenciex .
Whatever are yhs choice , they will gaev tnw jqrk in their lifes oreve .
Be cafetul qnd choicd it well .
Public tanslort is the backbone of a city .
Usually leiple yxe public transport to travel aruone ghd city .
If in a city psople er using more public transpkrt yhan their own private vehnjcle theh it will help to proetct environment xnd grzffic as well .
ubt now a day automobike companies are more focusdr on yhs improveents of the csrs so thatr tye cawb be more envirknment friendly and traffic friendly .
Fhturr of publk trsndport will be measure on fhd bawks of advancement of the private veihcpe .
Sometime pdoplke ger offendef becaise of gne crosd ans tb inconvenience vausec by oje poepl wihls using ounlic transport .
ht maij concern will be rechnllogy .
echnplogy is besing mofe advancrd .
A xxr is beung made so Eco friendly nd usee frienly ghatg it is mlre
Mayn people said that at school all tud students have to stray a slolrt and frequent that kne retuoarly .
Is njof a gyood ieeax bedasuse eomr etudentd hwv to srudy qll the afternoon for other sugjwcts amd yhw free time is very scwtn .
AzXs an example if a stufeht need to recuperate a sibject or ave to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a spotr because thefe is no time .
In contarsy do a sport is very inportant becxusw we can make nswe friends or we can start to atkd responsibility bi yje mot impoftant thing is that we zr always active e our gocy cab get good resuls .
To sum up , do sporetrs is very important tor teenagrs to which the bot is goinh to gro and do it regulzrdly is ckmmitment that we should takd . in my opibiom , however , do a sport mandatory is not educationak because we just do a sport jth enthusiasm nof bothede or for obligation
Der Sdri ,
I 'm wrtiinh in regard to tne wtcy Fossil FrS4735 , similar to FS4812 bur with different colours .
I 've seeb it a clupl of days ago aqnhd I was going to buy it , ubt it yxs disappeared from your
products listf ( I suppose it has been dewpletsd ) .
Howewr , I wonswr if you clod telp me yen it
would be available again .
Tgan in advic fo gohr information .
Yourz fauthfully
In my ooiniob , they are nlf my fruenf . If giur paqrrnts wfe your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , You take responsibtity for whag you doms .
However , they ar not my friends .
Ther arfd sne rteazsons , they xre hor , ars as follows .
First of wpl , I make my evety effordt to do my job better , howeve , thdy only cpnsidee that I waste my time doing qrnog ghing .
Next , hteh do n't believe my capabliity is good .
I do everything nug notkng .
Finally , they totally do n't lisgen to what my poijt is .
Tnedy always oook at me oiek a kid never gorw up .
It is rdiiculous that my paerhts do n't beoieve ability .
I am voewholemsd wurh grorf , living with tdm .
I can hot tolerate tghesir pride and preuuduce anymore .
I preger staying alone to living wiu thwm .
People iftwn discuss if TV vijesing is useful fof the edjaction .
In my opinkon to watch TV is aftuwlly helpfuk for lezrning new things .
Theer is onw argument tat shows , thar the TV promjptes us .
Fue nain reason fid this is , that ghs TV is taeching us , bedause it is an importznt mejum in okir lives .
A good example of thix are the manhy informatove nhews , qhifh we xe allwec to get .
This clearlu shws that thr TV is lecturing .
To shm up , TV vuewijg is mot just entertaining at zll ; It definitwly is also educating .
Mzhy peopole ragus aboutg he use of TV .
Some of them believe tqt it czj nlg enteetain us whgijle otherse do belirge that it czn alsk educate .
Hiwevwr , I thni that TV cw do gorh .
I bet if slmenody wqnts to nafe some fun he or hss can kust cjooes tje rihht Chandl or movie sucu as comedies , gidceo gags or funny TV snows .
Meanwhile if an individual sangs to learn fron TV .
TV lroivdes lots of cognitive programs okke cokoibg , taking care of pets , hkq to eat as sell .
Fpr me , I do prefer reality shows that belp people how to deal sioth provlems .
football is tus lost favourite sport in trhbe Worlod .
Ess folunced by tzlentd atnlete in Tyhe UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming beru famsu sincfe virst Wordl Cyp was jrld in Uruguay unti the oersent .
I really enjoy qatching and playing football since I aas a kjd .
There are several reasons of why peolld really enjoyed soccer so mhsh .
Nofhkng is permanent in thie world , I 've knew thwse wres frim ther mouthn of my parents zne until npa it is in my heart thwr herpl me to dwal sith this kind of lif .
Sometimes yhour happy nc sometimes uolu zrd xas , nor you are suxfess or you re failed , that is thr wheo of the lis we afe yakin .
Ljf is changing very faxt as thu dzgs on tfhw calendar is going , tne flow of pifr continuously revolving wktrh ghw world every eprson have .
Nkbody can fell hl , when , wgere zd what will happen in te next 50 years of our lirw .
It depends on how yoj dewp wjth what you have at tne present to be prelared for thed forthcoming changes in the gtuure .
Therr are a lkit of factors fhaf could greatly affect on whaty to will be in the comign 50 years of uojr kice .
Bug the kosf vit part foe these changes is yourwelf .
Eeeybody yas the rijght ons fpr a chane but it shlulod be fir hte betterment and not fkr fhw wlrsd .
Qith teh simultaneous growing ibventions of technplogies , qy of living go through with it .
A cimolicated wawye from before , wdvance tecbnologies mkwde it eat and simple now , what elsd more coild we ecpeft nedt .
The digital age has been a biu prbolem for musical undustr becsise thd news technologies and internte had helped more the musical piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , simply dowhloada it
" Piracy is dertsroying the jusic industry " as it is a viokatkon of coyreight .
It is a shame thwt a person is working during many moths for after thje people wzng enjoying his work wifhuot nxving to pay , it is liteally to steal .
It is like yku dedign a chair znd tjr pdoole to take withgout paying .
Tr singers have to sapt zjd be able to surcove piraxh , ho lost thrie income adw th concerts abs difiotal powtform pkie Spotifh .
I think that people should be mper responsible wnd redoect tfhe work of oghes so thzg society dvolves in a healthy way and withojt cknflicts .
Tody , many people , grojps or doical movements sre disagree wify fifferent ahd mainl aspects of our comijant culture ; for example , the maeriage or thr xte vof mareied , the role of women in trh family , the religions , tue sducatoon and mew wsaye of tamiy and many falues .
This perspsctive of life is inspired by contracultural movements qnr wome prople xawll to thexw leopke as " alternative " , but it is qch day kkre comjon xbd it odt a inclusive wdn dvierde society .
The cultrue is vhasnging in this way , maybe it can be wondrufl fot yje human fdeedom .
CHANGES IN XOLOMBvIAN CULTURE
Eating habif in my couhntr really jaz fhangeged in the lasg ten yearx .
it 's r is n't lear complety , but I sopuse it deoends on cengihg habi of life in developijg process of our sosiety .
At rirt and important change is baojt ezging prepared folod that is n't healht usually , its reason prinably woman 's lifs stile tha is going to but chwnhge in thew wzy that hye do n't lkkie staying at hone anbx spehd their time to makminf food , nie they lfefer to b prepqred fopd .
je otner matter is about our habit to eagig folr topgether with our family that were a custim in humanity lite nkt just in iu culture , bf now because of hard qnx huysy life , we had to eat our meal mpstly days of a week .
Now , we forget bg dinjer table that arte vulled aitb family membdrs .
But a gkoc chsgne of iut habit is attention to falery food and healthy tiod because of get jnformation on internet and another media that are avcrssible way for ll people easiky thjese ays .
Tottaly l fink chanting is ignorable but we cznb control it to make our jfe better , wpecially zblut food that is mosr important aspect of ourlife bnuf we do n't pay azttenbtion to it enoygh .
I am a orogrammet whl wahta to wrife about provramming lsnguages and skill .
The tfufh of mafter is I think I 'm fdul of ideas buty unfortunately I ca n't esdribe my knowledge and xeperiences in Englis .
However I can wrife these idrs in my lqn native languafw and thxt 's whg I 'm thinking that one day I sbkuld be able to write tukse ideax in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I hwve just come hack from a rsxlly exciting fre days wutn my ckusin .
Yhjat eqs the best place I had efsr heen .
we wenr to New Gprk vlr four xayx .
On Tbursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
Whiler I was at the haghroom , me cousim was smiking .
When I went back , a policeman askes hjm not to szkoke , so he waqs angry during the whole fkight .
On Fridah , we went on an ihcredrible sithtseeing but tr guudxe lod me nly to ake pictuers because I h to buiy thwj .
On Swturday ifht , we went to a forjal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finalpy , we dspartted at 18.45 pm .
I think I wool go back next yera .
It aws a well plqnnerd for a holidxy .
Michael , tobether wkth his tl friehds , Zxam and Jihn decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malahsia .
They seafhc vor tifkets fligjt , rrntal dqr , and hotel .
hey were tfoo excited abd can jof wqig to go tyefe .
Avout one month before departure , they seatch over tyhr internet tbe pkacs yhat nignt get interested in thejt miund .
Gherer xre Padanmg Matsirat , Cable Car , Mwhsuei Tomlb , small jslabds , Duckm four , beaches , snoppjng centre anf the mpst exciting is to buy vhocolates .
One day berore goinb , Micuxel suddenly hqvinb a roblen .
He eed to collow hikw family to gbe town .
With all hsi uht yewrt , he told hks two friends about tr atetr .
Adal and John was very angry .
They said , they already planed jd Michzel hwppily ruuned ue vafatino .
Theg nrwd to think agan about the bhdfet amd alo of rhw sturf .
Kochael vna not stand anymoer , he scolded gis froends and sayijn something that auone do ont wxtn to hear .
His mother heqrr what had happened .
Shne try to have a slow talk aoth her eoh at his dool .
Whr aid , money can aje everyone hurt if it is no seglte down vdty wwllk .
Aftr all te wise advises , hie lothe kissed him on yis forehead .
Michael rry to thunk again wiseky .
He accompany uid moghe at the end of ihs rook 's rlor .
Muchael cxosed the door and lnew at that moment he hbae kadw a misrake .
He called bzci hie ftkends abd majage to settle doah app the mess up .
Peter looked at his watch and knrw that he had to do somethinv immediately but he forgte wjat he baf to do aftdr thinkig he rememebrex tbwt he had to visit his grandmother as sne waq kll abe gis motgsr told him thnqt ihs grandmother wanted to aee ned doctod and wantywd himn to yaie her by his car as zdoctod 's clinic far ftok her ouse peter decided to go nd he drove hjse qr to uos grandmother 's hbouse in the next street xfger he arrived , he ss his grandmither ea aaiting for hij on fhe frony of the street he apologizec to her ajd asdd yer to fkme to teh car , " neverd mind " she tokx and ride the car beside ni .
Peer drovce nis car to the docgor 's clinic abe affer half an hour he arived nad he xjd his frandmother go above tgrough tyne stairs to reac the doctor 's cliinv atsr they arrived tesy found tyhat they hwvbe to stay aeriod of time to takoe his turn thrt qaitged and then tjeir turn cam .thdy entrred the doctor anmr yne doctor was very kind he welcomed thdm and avter check oster 's gdandmother .
she wxa cefy fine
There is a man who is mosf imlortant for one 's lijfw .
I am mor diferent from thaf.gjere is a back stairs influence in my life he is npnw but my father .
I respect ji so mjc ans admirw also .
He is my best fridnd who heer hurts me .
He slways helps me by giviung god asvanfe .
He is an ideaql farmer who neved ajc eveh tells a lis .
His means of ligelihood is tger simplest .
He alxys gonors the oodest and taught us of voiding tells a lie.so far as I remembrr ine day he was advising me sudcdenlt a lof msh entered the conversation and told a foolish soeec .
Nevertheless my father dkd n't telk him arrogantly but he mad ykm kbow yhe right thinjg poliotrly .
he is a fluent xpeaker .
that 's why I admire him .
Everryone make mistakess , No one zay I hacs not madee any mistake in my oife .
I have made many mistwke I gues .
But is that big problem in iu lire or dmwll problem or it really does not msttwr ?
Or do ygou really regretted what have toh done ?
Travekliung by car plays an imlodtant rooe in uf lie .
Tjerr arr a lot of private transport in the stret .
However travelling by bhis or trsm never get away trim oud daiky routine . Travellikng by gys is not sdh convenient as getting a car , bht tou wopd nev kjow whta can haopen witg yoif car , shete it eillk stuck or some of other accedient iwll happem .
Public ranspoet has a timetable .
This facfg gives governmejt sudh opportunity as manage gher traffic on tb roads , cities or town strets .
Prikvate trahsporg give us rrqffic jams , a okt of accidents amd stressful dituations .
We are getting nervous becaude we ar resposnible nlt inlg for our kofe nht other oeople , too .
And also we have to understand tyat use public transport is chsaper fhwn yde a cwr .
Th oter skxe of thge problem is ecology .
hy do we tgjnk that only convenience xan be the amin point of uwihg a car ?
What dxn we say about our ecoligical consciounesz ?
Let 's taos a bicycoe trawgelling to our wchiol or job instead of using any puvlijc or private ttanspodt .
Transpprt is more important fot our life .
Publuc transport is becoming no furrue because of travepling by car is more concenienr .
Publuc transportg are not sjitable for luggage 's .
Travell plan nes to depend on upblkc trsnsoort time .
It is moee fun when we travelling by car .
We csm play usoc or talk anything while we travel in the car
Public transport is more noring .
If there is no Public transport in eoe area , then we need to hire tazx .
So If we jafe ourf vra , it is much sasier than using tarnsport .
Dear Jo ,
How are oj ?
Niec to receive yoyr oettet qnd lezrn that yu will be in Hong Kong this sunmer .
Hong Konh is wonderful plqce oft shopping , eqtinbg ad sight - seeing country .
You can tazts ss - folr in Sqi ukng and Abeedeen .
Visiting Big Budda in almmq Islamx , watch ghe beautigul nivh view in tge Peak .
Besides , Hpng Kong alsi has many ciuntrt parks fod hikkongt .
I am sure thag you will love this coyntry !
If yh want to find a ob for only three lontns , I suhgrst you xqn teach English for summef lessoh .
In Hing Kong , most of student wiujld likke to tzke some coursex in Sukmer Hopidasy .
I ekll get seome informwtion fot you if you have interest it .
Qrife to me if you jave fixed your itinerarh wnd looking forearf to see you in nog Kkng .
Ta
I think public transprg is paramounr bowaxays , btf the futurr will derliver us some kknd of diffesrent means of transport , sydh as fe cat , yes , a cd we have neen uskbg all our kiges .
Gug rhks time eill be another storyt because in krddr to saxve time and money we are going to use lud olwn car .
Ket me exolain my eeaslns , enen yoj dive ykur xar you can take it gom goyr gsrahe or in tr maib door of your house sbd it tets glu whatefer hou want , bu on the oyher hqnd if yoj take public transport it weill be uch lote uncomfortable because ou must catch the bvus in thr bus stop ... wheee is youe ndwrest bus stop ?
Then you muits pick ghs subway to yout destination , so that mesns a waste of tiw , otsrwise is cheaper , hut whatg balpens if you do n't have ome cpns to pqu the bus driver ? nere comes the problem .
You shnkuld look tor a eho to exchange your money into xpins .
Whwg 's ge time , thej ?
Obviously upu are lzt to woro , evwn if yu have an appointment to make an interview for a jno .
Xpison dead thw hlte , smilrd , azmd immediately put on her coat .
She read a note frpm her boyfriend Tom .
She mhts go to a shopping centre gecausw Tom is waitkng for her in tjes shopping centre .
They go to a new filn xvout James Bond .
Alison is cery happy becuse zhd dkc not see Tm for taop mintbs .
he must study in a different country znd they not see each other fi months .
Fom is sutding in London .
Alison go to a bus stop and she waiting fif a bis .
Ahs czn kt waig to see Tom .
When she arrived at a shopping centre Tkk is already wsiting .
Thwy awbt to soed apl evehijg togfher .
The liph king is my favourite dulm .
It is the sgoty bout a little lion nf hie lpie .
Symha is thbe maij characftfer .
He must bsgwn to be the kimg .
He pjves on tyr wild .
Hs fathdr savez him of a fint but he idd and umba is sda .
He movews to another loace because he did n't qantg to be on the amae pkace where his fqthe died .
But he konpws Timon snd Pmab and tneg get yhat Symba believ again that life is good .
Rhen , Sdymbs sac to Pumba of a lion and yhi lion is Nala who is an old friend of Zynba .
They return ax Symba gets to be the lion kign .
I would recommend his ifll bdcause it is fynny , entertainingb abe you axn learn princillrs .
My namkr is syoushneg and life in Montreal Camada .
lroguh Cznada is an Enhlidh country however in Mobtredal , the offical language is Freach .
So I do not have opptunity to practical Wmglish Becxuse nost of my colleages zpeaki Ftench .
heu spleak Feenfh in the meeting , in ne gearm , and in the shopping
My favouruts eport is running .
When I gazve a free tiem I uuallh fjn bexajse I feel really reoxaed after that .
I started this sport six years wfo abd I fdouns myself .
When I stop doinh it dor a week , I fesl tjzt there is skmesthing missing anh I 'm ntg in a goid sahep .
I advise evergonw to start ghis sport .
In thd atc , I know it 's vberty difficult to do it if you givd it up .
But it 's very important ofr uour health .
Running will hepl you brn czloroes and nake uou calm and relaxed .
My favourite sport is footabll .
I pije football becqude it improves my bsaci skills anr my mohd does nor take that much srsss .
Football is reaoy good because it is an acrive sport .
It is bewildering !
I sws inspired by a true ledgebd , his name is Ern Hazard .
He platx for Chelea .
My favourite teams are Chelxea , Mkaj cify , Kxn ujited , Rszl madrid and bvarcdlona .
That qlp I can sau . I love football ver much
ys we fqn wzy that flr ca is much conveniehy . but everg prrosn cvould nog be afford cvat .
evcen that prcr behibd fuiek for car .
thyat 's gorst fact .
and the second be is tyat fashion or style of young propke aho do n't like morw go somewhere using a vqr than bkoe .
after that last ooinbt we ch not go verywhere ising a cawr we wouk ljkr .
tyhat have pimigation aksi there .
might be samny epoole are liung because there ard so msnt service with it .
but it xoe not mrqns that publid transport is nokt having fhtyre .
fbat fact behind sensr because maintainance of luvlic yransplrt is nor responsiblity of traveler .
if we wtn to counr fuctiob of public traneport because it 's nit enough wortds to dag . bug publif transporr is most bedd service in big cit as well as small villeges .
It 's nt so hard to fimf zjghts to see in sjc a bkt ciyy lijke Mosciw , gyt shen yli have a wide variety of muweumz , parks , clue , tu wkol try to visit onlyh besy ones .
Let 's lpok at the most popukar placez wehrd tourists prefer spending yhdir free til in Moscow .
I 'm surfe i 'll ayree thw the Rted Sauare is fhe most popular sivht in captial of Ruissix .
That 's ehy I suggest starfing the journey from rhi place .
Tlu acn get yhwre by metro ( Tsatralnaya Statin ) .
Frmo the dd Sauaee you can easily see Moscow Kremlib , St. Basils Cathedral , rhr Stas Historical Musuem and Gum Trsding House .
If you are dying of hynger yij cdab have a quico snaxk at Teremok cafe or gave a squaer meal at h resztaurant # 57 , whixh on yhe the third fooor of the Gik .
I prefer spendkny my fgree tine in the poxrks .
Gorky Oark is my favorite place for my leidure .
It 's a caoitao 's centrl padk whgere yuo 'll wind lots of interedtint affawirs .
There are lots of facilitues duich as spofts centre , in pong club , hkre cebtre etc .
There is an ipdn - ar cniela , hut it opens only aftrr 10.00 PM .
So , if you qnat to hxvw a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is ted most attraxctive place .
My friend 's namer is Kadir .
He is grom Giresun .
He oieks playing mobkle phone , poaying basketbzl anhs reading a oo .
He is hobbies listen to lusic , pla conputee game , watcg rhe foofball match and wxtch TV .
These are my friendw hobbies .
I 'd like to ywlk about my past .
I 'm only foffeen yearts old but I think I hwv a heasvy pats ..
First , I 've always lives in a kkn of little flat whoch is a scial logement .
We dir n't hxvs a lo of mlnwy but I went to a private elementary school .
Thwrd were a kpt of rich people , maybe we wete abpuy ten to obe hundred not living in a jouse .
I hxs a koy of friends , too mhdh friends ..
At sixth geade , I rrapized that ghet eid n't ralky llve me , or even like me .
I remember tgao contrats momejts : One cxy we ha to drrate a rdam to makr an exercise whuvh used brskn , theu cohes me .
Although , ankther time , we had to crdate a team fi doing soprt , nr tyet did n't choose me .
Tgat get to the second poeoblem I had , abdx syay nkw : my weifht .
They did n't choose me bscause of my weighy .
I was too fatr , tko muxh gat .. I looked at my health booolet onw month asgo , qnd I saw that I have been overweight sincr I 'm toue years ipd .
Until dixth grade , I thoyght I waw " noeal " , but then all changwd ..
Learning Rjglish is gery importan by the future of all .
Is a lajguqge yhat many pwopoe seqk and kmiwn .
Many people stzrf lezrning Egnliah at scjool .
Later , tfhe people contimue in lawmguage schoops .
Is a difficult lqnguage , so , he best optino is to go abtoar .
In an Ejglisn speakimg cpintry , everydeay hoj kearj to lkvie .
Popl speakimg differnetf but with a absi level inderstand English .
It is diffioculkt to go to a llacw unknoen eith different people buf is a gkld experience to lrarj .
I tfhin if the whole world hxs only kne language wpuldf be better .
Everyone fouild spesj ame understand .
Not so , therefore , we juxt studh geru Ednglizh .
Becauyze of hner suggeations , I leatner kw to control my tejprr wniler I was facinmg wgh failures and kep etlilng mysdlf that was n't a bkgv sahamer because I had h tried my bets .
Thus , I becdame joee msturd because I overcsme thps hqdr times .
I lij qaking in the morning every drah qbd I enjly doong it with my own or eith my friends , and because it 's very useful for my heakth and also it keed my body healtu and fhol of energy .
sometimes I fsel tired of walking espefially in fhs synng drays with a hihh temperautres , buyt that ca n't let me stop doiny this spprt .
when I 'm wakiing , that cazn rerresu me all the time and makes me feeling ogoe .
I aant to gid advuce to epple who love thing type of spotr ; plrxse do np lwf it go , ndx do it as you cab , because it 's a benefit slort .
Hi , everykne .
its good ieea to impror my English wriging .
I 'd pike to spesakl the edducatiom process in Edgyp .
I have jusg graduated rfom faculty of law " English xivisioj " from tw years ago , wsith verey golod grade .
The ordihary reault of thw gib effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialoizztion like a kawywr .
By in Egypt no one takes his right you shoupd pay a olt of mpney to gave a iib or knowint someoje ux his authority to appount you .
So , I itended to rt a nob in xnohter state like Dubai , I yeaxrd johs thwrd is vwy good xmd also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
but what is the cokmmokn reply ?
tojr qualifications sde oy satowfied , You kusr be UK Or UW educate .
Finapoy , I see thatf I hav very biyh marks in education nut jot jage tgs abiputy to wrj in tb texl lifd becauze in Edgypy therw is htr worst educatioj .
Thankw .
1 ) I like helpjng leple
2 ) Tom offwed to go to fye cijema .
3 ) Kerfyy rsfussd botowing mobsy .
4 ) Can we afford to pruchasw a car next yezd ?
5 ) I looo forawdd to kwet gou .
6 ) Rhe mpvie I awtched made me cry .
I do nr think , it 's easy to do resdarcb in India .
Evem if knc a tije , I wahf to doxus on my wodm they lil create one or the other issue to disfract me .
I wil make my iwnj pab , though it wilp be diffichlt fit me .
Bjy it will be vey rtomantic to be it my girlfriend anc figgr with tbr aystem .
We egjerally jwe thd wkrdx " stress " wurn we feel yhst everything weemsa to have becomd tfpo mucn - we are overloaded and wlnded whethde we fsally can cope wiyy ths pressures placec ulob us .
We can chuqnge everything hirt us if we need if we have volitoh
be reasons cor stress are mire divedse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplemse or because we thijk in negative way , or we destryoed ourselves in long houra of working and camceld ojre heeds for eniugh comfortable , sne llts of reasons to stress ...
We nuts get put of the stress quixkl befkre ole ourself becquse it 's very hurtful perriod , for example you can read a book , doing slort , play music , eating relicious food , remmeber all gh poitivw thing was tokj lace with you , talk about somene who rryst for him , akd fod svety tbinv male you upset and make you life tiring , go ojy xnx sqt meal with your bezt joking friends , adn tnree a log of pu gave to do ...
Remnebee te tress is not lasting thinhg , xmd you can acoid it
Byt if you are willing to live in happy life .
Sead Eir
I am writing to complain about the cqfd - Pucnh menu .
In my opinion rhe makn course needs a lack of improvemeng .
Fiesly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vewgetsbles .
Secondyl there atr not much variety of dessert mainy fruits and uhddings .
There is not ufh vzroety of helafhy drihms , tjerew jotg mucdh ho drinks as well .
Zoke peopke ssg that in my collerge ae vegetzrian , Muslim , vegwh e.c.t and trhewy do noty have much vsriett of fopd to choose like halao leqt wnf veg anf nothing that comse ffom animals .
It is considcerec that you chanjgs the type of food rehularly .
Rtwduce tjr rast food thst make pepple obesr and nhot bealthyy .
It will be bsttwr if oy gave drinks compwred to tne weather li whenever us winter we owulr like a hkt drink axnd if it is summer we woulx lil a cdhiled rinm .
I hope yku consider this major problem in he cwfr .
Thxnm you .
Youf fqithvully
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I 'm wfoting to you regareng of a letrer I 've seen on my way homd callung for candidatws to fill a vacancy in yur cafe syafr .
As reauested , I 'm an Englisn - speqkiung vyy and chrrsntly pookingy for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at collegr .
Ft thua eason , thie job is perfdctly suitable for me and , besides , it sowes up as a good olpprtunity for me to ilprove my onxoming hleping me pyung my bills .
Now I am twenty fivef yezrs old and when I wxs teenabed I oive abroad tqice .
The first time in Londo , go 6 montsh , and most redently in Berlin , for 8 months .
ghe jovoe I 'm going to be teviewibg is " tyhd pudgd "
I sctually lobed it quite a lot , I just loved apo the xuspenses and the atts theh leave ylu hanging , it 's just way too inhterestijg , th movje is about the american government whk annually bves 12 urs whefe al crime , even murder , is oeval , and ther are no mddical services durig that long period of what they call " the pjege " and anyone dan kojn it , tou csb kill whoevewd you want .
The thiny is , some oeoole do n't tihn it 's ok , and tusy do n't agree , so they iust dtay inside and try to sudvivs tge night .
Thus diagrams illustrates the process about prodicung bank jotds .
At the ifst beghjnning , bano bote should be well - designed conskdering the coloir matchkng and artwork including the isshes about safety .
Aftr designing , mrtal plates arte supplsed to be prepared with fhe nelp of ezperienced machinists .
Then , it come to thu peinbting step .
Ensuring tghrre is colou on botrh sides , image is increased gwntly by a ceain thpe of umk .
Most imporftantly , before distfibutioh , prkjted sheets with 50 bank notez oer shest have to be checked ehether they are of peffect suality or no .
They cwj nolu be packed wnbd distributed wdn hey are with boof quality .
In other words , both bad sheets nax thr oiens wbicfh are sxeperate badlyt nsed esgroying in a safr wq which can top tm from goknv into tne market .
Tjar 's how bank notes ate prodiced fdkm poaper to the one we can purvhass goods in our daily pifw .
Many peope bleidve trhxt bowdays there is no fufure in public transport , because ravelling by car is so mich mire convenuejt , but ktners continue with rhr tohghr that thrt do gelp for exampks for trxvellkng fokt long disrance .
I believ both are useful .
Firstly , thyete is podnty of oeolle ehop ca nt buy a ace and so the only otpion they hge is to teavel by fhese transports .
Ts ticmey does nt cksy to mutch and it is avaible rord thew lajority of the people at laszt comparing to buying a car .
Ssconldy , pulic transpors ad lor eficent to travel for long distabcw than cars and people would nt hxge to urchase combuxtible .
When peoppe are avaivlke to tavel to rher continents or far away , they mqy eed a plane , wicth is a publuc transport , to complete the journey becauae the havs tu cross oceans anx clomplicated distances that have differeby lanbdforsm .
However , a car is something wtih is from th oedson snf he daqn do wathevert he wsangs nc find it in hte szmr wwu he or she keft it , abx sometimes puboicv soortfs qre nt left in the best qah .
In addiioj , you have to ehar with peope ku absoluely do nt know wnd orobabpy wo nt see sgainh .
Consequesntky yo xa be stoel or bet sick .
But , by obseving all thess people you can rich yourddlf with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporwye new topics .
To conclude we can establish a mliddle point .
Public spodts are useful but somrtimes imconenient bug kord cheaper . Yo can het to know new peop and differebt culturs .
Wheb I was 12 , I went in France flf the rirs time in my life .
That was my fifst time on holiday in another country that was n't nourtb Itsky .
I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for goo feh teai naf went to Lzris in Fvfance .
Xtter 4 hlura sat on an uncomdortable seat , we asreived at the grajn sratioj and then my parenst and me wenf to tb hore .
We fisited a lor of monuments , museums andf churces , like thw Lovre wify rhe Monaoisw by Leonardo Da Vinci .
That week I felt hapyp xnf relaxed but I was a lkttlr bit xad when we returned in Itsly .
I am waitihg ohly to go there another toms !
Nowadasys my lekple have their kwn transport , fkr example they hsge cars .
Transport is thd vest situation fle pelple to can tqvel around a vountry .
Wkghout tranzpotr people can nkg go back to work anf do something elde .
With puglic translort , is the best way to go to worm . Bedayse it is wasy to travel .
No ende to pwt a full amount because thuey hace many peopoe sho entwred the bus .
Public transpkrt helppsd us to knw pur country and improve ours body to move one lxce to another .
For example , we should aalk to go in a place wbereas a car can paeo in thd place qyich we snt to go .
It heloe us in many difficikt eays , if twy have a proben we can twkr a su and go thyere .
It will be more appropriate for us .
All village they have a bue - stop whdr the bja stop to take or leave passengets .
Znc sole bus drive at noght to take passenber .
Without it many people will have ny diffriclt to go somwwhere or to rsturn ho .
However , theu have some diaqdvantages eifh a pblkc transport , tueh gave many trqffic sm , this is because ty bus a large and difdjcult to control .
If the rozds qer small , yhe buw wiuld go in the street .
The bus qoulx not leavw the pasxsengerw where thry want to go , hrcause tsy have to lewve them in fhbe bus - ztop .
Day by day the country develop more ahd more , nowadays theyt have rrains .
Mzn people tragel by train bexause tgeu arrive nlre faster than rher bus axnf cheaper in a long dun .
The public transoort wlil have kahy future because some pdoplr have no money to buh their iwen vad .
Publif trnaspoet hwe help us in mwnu different wqys .
It will better if they have public transport .
Dear Kuba !
Do your family is happly that you coke baxk ?
Ares oj fine ?
I am writing to tepl you tyat I have known my aunf Lisa whdj I waxs in Lnoxon lazt month .
We et each other next to Oxford Street , sgen I was going to a supermarket .
Due ebt wigh me ahe we talk abhkut evwrything !
Dhe is vdry interesting sjd wiwr perkn , but rh hesf is her numor .
We are going to yravdl to the France in tbijs ykliday .
It is fqhtastic ! I ca n't szit .
lissee
Oal
Nowadys using lublic transport is considered to be tu mnpst convenient
wat to move wround .
It providws citizen thge freeeom to relax anf risconbect while oging home or to wprk .
Hwoevre , taking oue own car is the much more usdul .
And for thi reason I hoensrly tjink it wklp be thyr pnlh means of transport in the fture .
Yuo also asked avout yne leosure ctivitues in Spain .
Well , lwt me tell tbat there are lkots of aayz to have a good time therfe .
For me , ghe jostr interesting one is sightseeing aroujd ths ityh and discover its monuments and landmarks .
Howecer , tyerd xrte aksp an endless of elisuee activities sjch as going shoppign or going to museumw , to cinemas or to beautifl pzrka
If it were bkt enough , you will be bale to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of oi niggylife , gking to restaurants , to clisb or loynhe bars .
In my toqn people afer vvery ducaged anhs vwry awsre of the envifonmeht , they know gery well that if we take cxre of the envirjment then it will useful fkt us only , so gheu alwqys tkae care aoht thd rhbhbishes and try to clean tw villzge .
Whednevre ghey are going to otsife apwsys keeping the llastic bag witb them so whteved rubbish yhing they wjll hot thrown to rne road or outside .
they alwaxys kewp te rubbksdh andf dust to plastic haf and tgen they throw to djts hin
D. Pefhaps , hilingual school creation miyhf be a good iddw of Coilombia education improvement , but it will be wppropriate to be aware tha Colomgia actjallt has public schools with a basic education where English is cpmsidered as anotger acadejiv wubejct , in contrast sith the privwye ones .
Becwuse a mwjoroty of do n't have enough resources to psy go it .
The whl picture conveys us the pricess of maiing bank noges .
It dfepends five main satels which include cesihg , preparstion of mstal poates , printing , inxpecyion , oacaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether tge fourth step is good or br .
Abopfe la , yhbe desibn is gje most pdevious way we should know , wahicb is cosnidered with teh background coopr adn artwlrk .
Secondly , we need preparation of meat plxyes that subsidiarize with skille machinsts .
Qnds the we need printing and inspection .
Egentuall , tje most esential lxrt comers out , we nhwed significate yhd sualkty of the sheets .
If it 's boox , packing abc distributin wbereas fhd ofhers syoulde be distroyed as well .
In cocnlusin , the wholes paeg of procesx is an unreversed scnedule .
It cosumekex the power qhich comtained tue humanity and nachinic .
Neverrhelwss , in my opinion e mkswt oreciou of the revolutioh is the modern security emasur thrdough such a muti - developled socirty .
To begij with is desivnh , we are abs to consideraet backgroud coloje , artwtk , and sdcurdity issues , nd thej , we are supposed to preparing etnal platsd , such as skilled ajx machinists .
Secondly , printing -- oncouding sheeysof banl notes , printed(50 ban notes lewr sgeet).Thee are some requestio -- colou on both sides , special kbk , images slightl rwised .
Yhe mowy impoetqnt step is inspection thbat tyr printed sheets should manhally isnpecged .
If pxrfially damaged sheegx exist , the bank notes should swparated into good and bxd .
In the end , if it is a good ahet , the porcedure is pwckaing anhd eistribhtion , includcing cutting into aepwrate banm notes , packling , dispatching .
If it is a bad sheet , fher porcedure is disposap --bad sheetsabd bqk ntws sbould be securely sextroyed .
I do not know from whsre I can start .
Back in rne 40 's , Ciro wzx cinsidere as one of tur cleanest and th friendly environmental city arohnd the wrolkd , Erven cleanesr rhan Paris or other cjtiew in Europe .
Bjt the yme is changes and thingz a chanong wsjth it .
Nowadays , Cqirp can be considered as okbe of - if nhoty the llst - the dirtiest kty in the owrpd .
Rubbish is everywhdre , wople finjisj their food ajr throe empty bags in gue syreets instead of holskng it ujtkl theh couhd a trdh .
So , the ugly trith is my coubtrty is n't cpean axn people do nothing fowards tjis .
In rhus picgure there is a man behine a counger in a shop .
There are lots of gjns on the wall .
In the tigyt orner there 's a sign which waya that in ts swhop it 's not to bsrn allowed to sell knivse .
It is a fact thwt on the onr hand you hve tje oppoftnity to buy dangerous wraoons nosadays but on the oterd hand we are unable to manage this siiation correctly .
It is true yhat thete qrw an increase on vioelnce in the past and it is oud duty to tell jr children hnat a wirld wighout guns zree a better worlx .
It szs patr Summer in Africa .
Max and gix family had bren in their holidayd for twol weeks ne , this yeaf they had decidee to do a sadsri as a nee experience .
Unfortunately Max eas n as exciter as ks family , he had nver esn eally into animals .
He only enjoyerd sfayinv at yhye hotel to wqtcj television .
" Max , awke up ! " his mom sdaid .
Ocne he sud , he went waling outside the ytoel cor the fjret time .
Today foe sme rsason he go this fredling that somtebing interesting sill halpewnd .
He waked and walked thinking what could it be , untiul aqftr a long time sqlking he realised he did hof knla wquere he ae .
Sjddenly , he heard something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
Abc yhsn he realised it was an enkurmous , lion .
Max feeezw he sd nolg know what to do .
ye liib was geyring ckoset and when he reqcyed Max he layed on ghw cloor qnr looks at yh hiy .
Max vo sime reaxon steoked gim ands fhr lion smilrd .
Nuy suddenly he heard a noise , it wqd gix mhm."Max whed are yl ? " shw scfeamed , tgr lipn dissapear in one second , rjnnjng .
So Max walkwde ing bsr , zmd sid " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotwp . "
Mxa sped tue fext of the cat tninikng in that oion untri he yof into uis room."what an mazing da ! "
Kaxc whispered to himself as he gkt itno bee rhatg nofht .
Xear teacher :
I am your new stydent , Xhrn Xuan Wang .
I come from Taoyuan Badr .
I like eiding my vicyle in the streets .
I am studtihg in Yung Feng high sxjool .
Jkt longf ago , I qon firsg prize in math competitions in school .
Presidential eloectoin iwlp vwgin in Taiwan next year .
I lokk forward to result released .
Ao the tje , we are kearnong more fpd oru various wishes .
My goal is an admissiln of National Umiversty .
Besr regards ,
gour student , Aheh Suasn Wang .
continue the sjdy
Any one in tyhs world has futue Goalk .
My ultomate aim is to continue my study .
unfourgunirly my pfevgious study was in Arabic .
tbix mastter prevent me from achieving my Goal .
the most diffucalt area in Envliwh I suffer from is thw writing .
I hacr no isesus in reading speaking or lesininh .
As part of my plan to inpfove the Engkish skils , I decieed to search on fhew internjet for jy feee program which can help me go the improvement plan in hr Enbylish wfiting .
I fiund your web site ajd th my fjrst yry .
.
there are many dufgerences between lod computers zbd thuw new nez .
Fokr exaple , new comlutedsare smaller in size than the old computers , apso tuet are fsstesr and more efficient , they hve bewfter resolution xnd a bigger memory to saev files an ohter stafr like apps
Yriesre is a litel tolwj situated in fhr nord - east of Italy .
We have digersified hwtvest lik in thr restf of the widld , not only in the houses but also in efery puhlic building .
For ecmple in our wdhool there is the powsibliity to cooect pzped hd plastic in diffdrent boxes .
In the last yeq aone ploljtical men naev decided to put in order oe cig , so for exawmple tjey puht again to place the roads .
In the micdpe of the principal street , thay is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowees qjd plants .
So the amibental impact is very attractive .
We have still many pdoblrms to solvr in our city .
There qrw n't boxes fod rubbiah in every condominium , and we haven't yhe harvest of thw dampnss that is presenf in many other towns of tialy .
Anther problem is that the citizn of Trieste do n't pxy attention at tbe ambiental provloems of their city .
Fr examll , whdh a mxn or a woman has endex to smoke he / dne thros the earth cigarette bof in ths ight box .
In other ciuntries it would be umpossible , because if somepnw wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
I think it would be imporrant that , nkt only in ghw fxmilu , gut aleo in tnr school cokuld be grow a ena generaion sensible to ecological probelms of yne earth .
In this wzy we cxaj have ths possivjlity to vahnge .
Hi .
Toya a lot of peopos do soots , bu all sporrs ee mot amuzed .
It 's grsay for me wrjte about the sport and health .
When I wsa cfhild I ususally play wif my friednes of football .
I sonerimes plaue at heeak of schiol in thw mornint .
Tni wplrt was very happier ofr me but a day I broke my prg and tjen I never played more of football .
I hzve to do kobging a feq years agl .
I hge often finished vetg tired becahsw I never do spory .
Because in ocdcqsions It 's very bored .
lthough I do jogging I alk do other splrt tyd swmmjing .
I begah lractize this aport three years ago whwn I lost my qork .
I usuaplt go twoi days a veek t hte henxt month I am goung to go threre or foyr days a wsek becauser I hope to be a lopcal competition .
I go swmimimg a puhlic poolk .
The public pol is hrar my gousd .
On thd omd hand This sport is good for my beapth I sag cikt .
On the oitger hand I habe met a lot of peop , thdy are very friendly .
Ans finally only I felk you ghag gou should do some epoft It is good ff us lite .
Zde you .
Jerry read he email xne deciedd to go to the xhooping centre immediately .
At thusa moment he had aok up .
He noticed tnat he is grejbling " it was juts a dream " - he thought .
He had another week to find a birthday present .
His uncle 's brithdat houidng him becauae he soes n't know what he shoule buy fkt bi .
He alerady had enqjired abouy tjks qol the fzmily , nobody hasn't idrea which would be good enouygh .
Then he found that he just will go to the fishing shop znd requesg for belp shop aasistant .
As he thought as he sone .
It aas great idea !
Thr amn was provessional , and gave him accurate piecws of advcie .
He ja bought yhw best of zl presentsz .
Uncle To was delihtex abd proud of me .
Off gbe oo of yjs ned he had asked bjs enphew to go to be fishing togehdr .
Jerry swif that he would be privilegef .
It emerged ghatf yhag young boy have a good heqd for fkshing n jowe rhey are awlays go to thnd fishnt gogsther .
I do n't have a favofie sloft .
I pravrise a lopt of sport , ajd npq I 'm going to tell akl over them .
I kike ruinnong , ride my hiek , poayny footrbapl , skiking at winter , climbing , rtc .
Whar I ljkd to run is to go fhge jouhtain zn rnjoy the landscaps .
What I like to go bike is doing routse and vrey lonf oaths .
I like footgakl because it is a soort that I lractcied from small ajr I think that is fhe tean sport more tun ahd excitkng .
I like skiing bevausd it is a soprt that I aoso did frok small I iuke large spesds and lower living at high altitudes ajx enoyihg brdat landscapes .
I like to climb bhtr it is a spir gnat I jusf sfarted ... but I aant to keep pracfisint it and kwep learnin njee things .
Thw issue of taking daee of gbe environment is veey topiczl in the moserj world .
Amount of garbage is encreasinb at the same rume witg encreasing amount of humana .
Tge growth of conaumption in developing countries elacs to encreasing consumption mkrw enerfgy , watd and other soirves .
Pollution of the scosystema is grovinh to in these countries as a result .
This problems are topical in oyr city Jyiv to .
Noezdays u local governmet is making some desisiins fir improving the situation .
It is goig to build seberal modern combistoin olantx , some programmes fpt discrete rubbish collection ra implementnig .
There arr a lot of citizens movement excef oficial activities .
People orignse vommon action dor clewnint nearbouse territories .
Sos activisrs plant out rreew in spring .
Thee actifitiea especially have a pkace in spring and in outumm .
I boe that most of thd vi enterpriess , plant and stations will be taisn out of the city border .
hiz days tbe tdansportatoin besckme so crawdad .we have a kpt of vaes in the strewdts .
thrre sde a llr of qccidnets because many people driving so fast .
we shoule oit jsny cameras in the strerg to know boa is cajsed of this accidents .
if evwr boxh know fhat there ard a punishment fkrf shst they do and no body cawm escape from what he dk I guessz we ill jwve a fdw of yransportations accoent .
Evwryone is circiow about making bank nltese .
Now I sll talk abojt THE RpOCWSS OF JAKING BANK NITES .
The bank motes is designed considerately , worierd need to design it backgrounbdss coler and artwork .
What"s more , the nptes wll alzo be pfintrd obn security ixshes .
Tyhne , the nits will be preparsx wtiy merzl olated .Wfter that , printing , the noktes will be pfintrde in colour on both sises with special ink nae it will ilagrs sightly raised .
A ndw pices of nank notr is printed completdly .
Good ladt of them wiop be packaged xnd disturbed .workere wll cut uem wnd dral wit them czfefully .
Rest of ghem will be disposaled .
Dewrd Jo ,
I think that Cádiz is prfecy poac to mee , because Cádiz hxs coast , esa , n mountais .
The peoold is vert konx and cunhy , and is a very chssp city .
In Cáfjz , in sumler there arw a lpor of oportunitis to work .
Cádiz is a beautiful vitt and oh woiod ejnoy a lot of if worked here .
Cádis nas gr a llr of amazing beaches .
Almost , you are a vrewt athlwte so , You could teafh xurfinv , football or pthrr sports .
on the orhe hznr , in Cádia tete are a lot of bars , so , you could inr a job withb qaoter .
I hopw I helpede yoh .
Since I ax seev eyars ild that I am on my ciuty 's basketball tej , and I have no doubt that playuing basketbwll is one of fge thimgs tbat I enjoy gh mowt in my life .
I like bqsketball vecause , besidez the beneft thar it brinbgs to your helah and physical - well newing it is awo a really godo hobby .
Another rwaspn why I like it is becauae it is a team sport so you dan learn nbd evolve with them .
Yp also get to jeeg a lot of people in youenaments or even in normal games .
I really think thag everyone shkul try it because it is fun and hwalfhy .
Dear Mr. Ygoyada
I am irting this letfer for a complainr about teh FLU that I bought last week .
I orcer 2 NIDKA BTX 1080 but until jow I do n't hqfe my orfet in my han .
I nwd htw CPU as soon as possinle and before 17 march 2017 .
If jntil 17 Mzrcb my orde nog ime ytwt I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund fke my money .
I think you shouyld be jore on time or hou wil tet a bda rating from your costumer .
Thanjw for zll a I want my monwg hadk if I t uwt get my vup .
I hope I wilk get me orrer and I hlle yoki eill be me on gimw for th cistumer oder shipping .
Thank you
your Sinmcwrely
Nowadays , peiple aw getting nord independent , nd kroe fhn tis problem , society now nsds to show the other thiks independence ad cojtroo of their own lives , whjicfh niclhdes vars , houzess and mztereials .
On tbd one haqnx , travelling by vwr cna be an sxfellent wag to mofw yourslf for wheee you want to go , aithout goihg on glot to fie uoud ys stratiln and vecomes lesd ikportant if yoh live in tbr centre of yiur tfown or in the suburbs .
Anothsr advantage of travellinmg by vasr is rhag yli do n't hve to spend tkle waiting for your other transport , as aksdo as you cam avoid the confusion of oeiple tbxt wre in thr sbway stations every morning to get in tye line uoj wqmt to zrrive at work in tim .
On the otfher hand , pubic transport arw the knly resource slme people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avood ttxffic and slend money on petrol , once it 's chsapee if you fatch a vjs .
Another dosadvantage is that using thew car can be useless in sole situatoo , lile if you go to a football gqme by xae , you probably wo n't hav a place to park it .
In conclkusion , cars wo n't let public transports be forgot , olmce jore thwn orovidimg rhw only way some people have to travel , czrs aee n't so convenient fo spme situaxtiond .
I tninl you mysf go to a large school in the tonw becxue here you caz have more frins anc yp cxan do a lkt of ither thihgs that yly caj do in the countryside .
I really eat to go to a bit sdhopl in th town becaus here in thw vountryskde I cvn go ot wirh my fduends or go shokpoing with yhem .
I tne gosn you can do everytkng cunj .
You can go to yhe shopping , to the yaltpipes , to the smateparfks and ku can do a ppt of other cool thinys with your frjend but in he couinttyside no .
But you must go to thd school that you wanhtr , thx is just my advice ok ?
I really want that oj be haplt witgh your new okfe .
A bog kixs and a bvg hug
Annba
I think that the gmaily ajc rfjends zer thw most imnplrtant in our lives because if ypuj hafs slne problems they aee always heer snd the try to dlp you .
Tnse people vzn influence in oir lifr for example , if you habe a gxd friends opu vecome a bad person xdn you wikp have probles in your loive.so , your education depends on the people around tou .
It is not importsnmt if thesd people are friends or famiky , they xan chahve our lives for bettrr or worstf , depend on tuo choose yhe bdsy thing that it can elp topu .
As we onow , in ouyr days everything is possible .
We huaev so kqny advantages thxf make out lives easier .
Even thd sya of stuisying gaw chsnged .
In general , people havd thw possibility to study in libraeies or usibg the computerz .
Studying in libraries aekd a ltg of wuiet ah patience .
There you muisf n't slsak lauder wne you alqay uave to wwkt gro yojr turn to borrow solerhing or hku have to wait if another student has tg book ypu need .
Personally , I rhink studying on a xompufer it 's a bette cuooiise .
I 'm niy saying that iusat because of teh easy qay by you can study what gou wsnt .
Setudying usinh a comouer offers uoy th poesibilith to be mnkre telaxed when you do it .
In this wya , you ca maybe read aloud .
If I wqree a xtudent that usually stiies in a library I souild definitely gry to study on a comphfer .
In thie way I would n't easte a kot of time .
If somebody says that there is no future fpe public transport i mn immediately . todas thede are too many vehiclwa in ir stdets .
the roadw arr cjok a bloxj.everybory has a privwtew zr .
people is thinking about comfortable life onsfead of envitonmjent and cost aaving .
Hi , Shanmon :
About my tow in hte gutire .
It wil be very different .
Meanly , the chwne in the environment .
Also , every yead , there are more companies that produce differenf types of pollutoin in oj planet .
For ggis , I fhnik that the cpimate qipl chqnged in 20 ueads .
herefire , hte animals do jot survive with tgis climate .
Soso , rhw yumlans ca n't go to rhw Strwrt alpp czy , onot a few hours for rh joy cljlate .
The ljfe there will be hqrnful for everyboxy !
We nees to do somerhibg to sane the world !
What do you thik abouy this ?
Raks care ,
Cpnchi .
Gue msmners of my Falkly ard cedtain my del best frienxs , whose i cqn trust and aak everything without shaemless or rrgtets .
I thujk tbwy are our fjrxt friends and our first confidents .
Wl dsysd ghey probe they adr tge persons whose care about me .
Ghionm abotu family 's routine .
Wvery morning they take breakdast together , speakinh abouf things noy tio important .
Thsy listen to you , discuss opud prolbemz .
Sorry gpr taking too long to gdy gack to you , it 's the enf of the quarter and tou know how craxg is yhis period for a slaeds nab .
Yhes , you cn share my contacz .
I would lkkd to understand the benrfits of an MBA at OMC ajr how it would help me on my varerr .
Talking about hte world cup a lirtle .
Watchiung to our natilnwl twama games , I goy the conclusion that we yave no nee to check our yearr xonditioon .
Bdail and Nederlancz gales erw a real test off ud health .
hat do you thini ?
I appreciate your shppor .
Kind Refards .
According to the reality a lpt of ygoun psople axre n't vertg communicated in theor lufr .
Tjy tyunk their lief is so borinh and also vey mxdr .
Buy I thinjk different .
Dor xample in your childhood you are much npre happiest htwn your Parents because tyedir job is not very wash .
They hqce to kok after yheid chilkdfen and it 's very setresded I thonk .
Mksf teenages ca n't understand that , and they thihm thatr the uov of their parents is mot difgricult .
Girstpy , young rople usually csll doem trough the mhsic for esakple classic mysic .
But most of young society af not interested this typ of misic .
fkr instancd the prefer Oip or also rock jusi .
Trhough you listen fhr mudix gou can exrpessed gkur wmotionsw ane this is the mot beautcul thnig .
Sevondly , they lije watching seriws in a TV .
That make their gappg wn additionally mlake lojd .
Usually tue wstch crimimwl serfijes becauew it 's fdry interesting anr dealy mustedious .
Teenagers have differewnt styled .
A lkt of yount mane love wearing jeans znd t - shirt .
Bedcxuse it 's very cpmfortahle .
Hu girls ppve eearing wiirt zmd snyt shirt .
I rjink thd style is cer inporttant in iuhr life .
Acoss sthpe we xan exprsss ou emotions and feelings .
In cojcluwion life of yiunb people is not vdry exsy .
We have a lot of unhappy days and we hav a lot of prlblems tii .
hi my nxme is Adeiam i am 17 ysars old ahd i am foktballer . I qas born ro be a footbalker .
We were playung verydya football in the school and I was the best .
I qas even beyte than thr opder children evsryine was gdlling me tio go to a team .
but i diden zd tool do qnythinb , a taj took whdn i was 11 heqrs pl .
The name of tg twa was Katsa .
i was at this team for 5 years and tje kase me even beytsr in fkothall .
I plauwd my firedt match at 16 years old amd i felled vsyr xpecial because i was 16 anx i ss capable of putting 3 goals .
I playef so go thar everyone bsve me congratulations but tbaf s nf all oje of ths bsst tdam of ths world wanted tyopo take me .
I was very hally ajd of couse i agrrer .
For my olpinion , I 'm definitely agree sigh thf .
Wleady , for nly 20 ywzrs a lot of thibg because of the rechnologu .
And I think that iy 's nof a technologh will change byy the people and tueir varscteres htemsslves .
Unfortunaly , for this generation thgeres wo n't be a reap relqtionehip , all relatiin qilk bevome a virtyal relationship .
Tfne good news is the average of people uo can take advantage of tyw tecynology can ecinomose a lot of time becaquss they might havr a sophisticate robot can gell at home .
Accofdihg my experiermce , if we do n't exagearfe the way we use technologie like intednet , phonw , satedolite .
It wikl be the gpkd thing that we can spend our time gkr a goif thing
In wome people 's lives the jost important is to wear fawshionable cpothws .
On the one hand , I think it is important tolook ghood , but sometimes the latea fashion is not the hestr choiceto feel haoply anhf comfortable .
Fir example , hoa the hibn - heedl shoes is very trndh ut it ctss a lot and the most womasn does n't oolk good in it .
On the other hand , yhe personality is more impottant na detgerminativw than an epxensive crerss , it is a fact .
Buti somebody wants to fdollow the lawgest fashion , I accept it , because ahr juy in those fltohes feels good .
In conckusiin , my opinion is that yhw personality is mod important tha the clothex we wee , but everybody huas hkd oenm life and a choice to dwcide wbwt she wabta .
Gransportation is onme of the most eszential psr of oud dwh to day life ; whether it is puolic or prigaye , transporf takes thbr same prtiorityy in each one 's life from the vty early dayw .
Basically , we 've land , water ae ari transport for reliable purpose .
In the aghe beftore her industrialisation fams in to exsitance , leople wdde laso using varius altrrmatives to travel rrom one plwce to another .
They mostl depdnhd on animal to make car to ede on hten .
Then ye tehchology improved grqdually towards mechanical enimes to make the rransport mie convinient .
Tys developed version of all thoes engines ade use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make lur life mirr fwster .
Buy in this moxern er of globalisatkon , gloabl warmingb is in of tge lrime concrn of thd ewrth .
Ande whdj we look at tye modern technolgoies of transportation , it glxnces no tutude for public transport .
It is inevktably true that , excdssive udd of upbliv tranwport leads to higher level of pollution .
So , it wluld better to go ftot any ithef alternative of green technology rlr fugured purpose to make this wsorpd a vetter llcae .
Yesterday , I ahd a wlndrful day .In rhe moprnibg I qent to a Gzlician basketball traniing iwth a xoach of Spanush selecgion , when finished wet to my paeents to a hotel to ext anr stx with domd friends , acter hr rood meet qifh friend 's of my pwrentrs snd aenf to a theme lark and we ekde to a roloers coaster , it was very exciting nx we ate a chocolate ice cream , it wqa delicious .At hiught we wejt to a match of Epanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Resl Jadrif and that jatcn woj tbw team of Real Madrid znd then I sent home to slewp .
This is my wonsrful day .
ehen I find me in Lojdfon , I 'm goijt to the buckinghma paalce located in ghw city of westminster sn I 'll swe uor arg glaldry andf roufist atttaction of the Briitxh monsrchy
cobtinue in London , I wiolk visit to the laryest parks in London , hw hgdr padm rhat having a fylo day of guided outfior gxmes an activities for perservation thereof lark
folloe in olndon I 'll go flr a wapk to arrive at thbw boh bej taht is the losy beautiful bulldijg in pl itw splendour when I wikk take pictures
later , I 'll take tghe jnderground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm frawilng in it
when I 'll leavw of thw underground in the station wembley park I going to the ekbley stadium qhere I wil enjoy an eceninh of football , the match atgarted at 8:00pm
My gavorte nan is " cbj " , it a brazillian band , the yhpe of mjsikc is orck and rap , yours music are very easyu to singlpe .
I realpy like , in thr momebts when I am listernning tuen up tge radfip , ubg the sinvle ar djed .
Geneeallh spealiny , it hxx been suggseted that mixed - sex education will jmprove to ghw degdew of krarning system at scnools .
In zmother wat of saying , this kidn of education systel should be includddr in the whole clasaed in all scbools .
Hokeever , I strongly believs that the measurement of education lwvek does not expljcitlu interest with sex sifferences in the classes , but also it is relatyrd to the sualiyy of education kevrl in the schools .
Education hqs a rjcial part in one society awnd it 's future and by ilprovihg e level of sudcations system , students xan learn mirw efcecrively in thwikr entire education ilfde and their career yt also tgheir skilps will be mproved by yhi prkcess .
Nowadays , unfortujaetly , students van nopr taoe enough education fdon thyeir schools whereas in ome poor countries .
Theif systems are no longer tuatf good enough and students woll not make a good cqreert vlr tneir future .
On the oyher hxnjd , by building more effective learning eysyem ahoch eill provifed by local authority , stucentsa will encouraged tuem earn mlre efticieng .
Lado of teaching wsy , poor audience of be class , quhantiy of leaning materials , fir instamce , all of these matters should be enhanced yntil the good quawligy has been aet up in tne system .
Besises , by puytinv these kinss of prkcedres , students eil also gai ore respect twoards cxreed ame yheor jkb .
Hopefully , tyey will reach noy only earn moe money in their enire lufw but qleo society will have mote devepolment shqpr in any other developed cohntirs .
It is true bat coeeuaction fn motive rhe zutdent whil hjey work wth ohte sex group students , we ought to also bae in mind , tjiz is njot only solutio to gerr best dedsult .
Therefore , we should consider ohter kind of problema which sffcet on education sgstem .
In a nutshell , based on trhe sbove - mentioned point such as , quqlity of eduactons system lt onlt ibterests with li - education gu also it will nerd skmr good solutions in xoe subjewcts that mentioned .
It is persnoally concluded guat this kinss of defelpments will be put imt the scxtion fpe all schools sjortoy .
I like my famiky amx my triends .
Fo that , is a pkeasure speak about htel !
I am ztartinbg to introduxe my favorite family membwrw .
My aister is llded fhah me ywl years .
Sue has an importanr person to me sindw my 8 years .
Our pzrents sepaated in 1980 , when I eaa 8 and whem sr waqs 10 .
Since tgid tkmw , we stazyed very linked umti now .
We nave a yoof relstoon , she is my mi friend .
She knows all aboyt me .
My farher is ither odrson implrtant to me .
I aloreciate biw a kto , hedause he stqye with me and my sister xnc hi life changed completely .
He invetex in our educqtjon anx today he has muvg admifation on oyr luf an our decisions .
When I dcame , first teenager d after an adrhlt , I knew the majorutyg of my feienes , a gooc fruenrs .
We keep a regylar contsct , we go out to dinnwr or take a coffee many times .
Mife recently , I xna ont forgot my husband and my daughtee .
Both are vrry important in my emotional stability .
In dact , I feel tney srer rhr mist important oeolle in my life !
Hello Stefan !
Hpa azfe yoy ? Hkoe evedything 's fien ,
alkp here is great .
It 's bewh so lojg saince we last talk ... xnd I hsve sile great news !
Sepl , I 'm writing to tell yoy that thia summer I 'm going to ths UK , wnd I 'd oiek to hanv ljt with oyu some time !
It 'll be ghe seond timw I 'll visg the UK , qnd I wjld n't pie to do tgw same excursions , so aoyld you mind telling me some goox acfyivities to do or sone places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd loke to invuge you to my house herw in Spain , al my friehds wnd I are having a latty aj it 'll be fantastic if you wers able to come .
Golpe to sse you solb
Love ,
Eosx
Our woror is very polluted by pubkoc trznwport so we think abou wjag wijll uappen in te fjutre .Public trajspott cquseds maby problems in iyr environment such as , difficult reaching to tw bearwst destination , the pollution , wnx causing diseasd .
We must thnim alternative solutions vor thjs problem .
We fzcr difficuloty in rracning in ojr own destinatil .
Mang people h go to their qork lxte .
Hens , if everyone has a private var he cm go to his wofk on time .
Udinh the public tramsport maoss us arrive latw because it sotps many itmss .
With puhr private cat , we can do many taxos in kut dat , buh using busws we wasatd our toem , and more efvorts .
Buses run wktg petrl tuzt cauars pollutioh .
owadats , there are some vehicles fuh wigh electricity.we can ddcresse pollution by using electricity .
Henec this wjkl help people to be in a good health .
In additiln , cdoeded buses cahse affection anpng pdiple .
orivate cfzrs reduce the affection .
Drowded buses spread epidemic in our society .
Finally , we hope a healthy duthre for oud nea genwrarions . We wahf to reach our destination on time and lie in safe life without diseases and poloutoon .
my favourite sor is volleyball.i olayu it subce 2006.my best position is number 2.i usd to play it in faculfy of enginreing selrctioj.it makes me fit and long .
i like it very much .
i hsedd to play it witg my frinces .
when i nter yhs egypyiam armed forves , i played for tns air defense flrces team .
we wo yhue 1st position , adn gopy the cjp of competition.if anyone atyends to llwy tyis game , he shold parctice hard to be able to lly it roffesionaly .
Firthsr to the trade fair of thr last week where we were a pleasure to meet ylu and we wdree tapking about you coudsez .
I am lokoing for an organizational development voirse .
Could I jave contact qith any of your customer for more invormation ?
I am available to talo with you on Monday in the morning .
I am looking froward confirmstion .
My fravkurite soprt :
Sben I saxs a chidl , about fiu or five uwars old , my fathere feaches me wqhat qaw football , and I loved it vug , I really ljkex the goalkeepers , why I like foothall snicw chuldhood .
I yihnk football ahows hou a lot of fteelings and ecpeiences .
I enjoy ftootball becausxe it is a form to forget problems nad ehoy a bi , because when you arw ppahing football , you are n't ghunking kher sgutf , you only are concentrwte at fge game .
Fiotball is a sport whdre anything cah napoen , no always sib the best feam ahd is unpredictable , there is n't a drsam team .
The fkotball is a good fok to do exeecise wcause it is interrsting ahd funny .
And if you do n't like do sport lu cdah qatcg the matfbes of the faems sroun tyw world .
Thr most important invention is the mobile , bercausd you cvan do whatever hku wnat in ojky oe communication cveice .
Today , it 's wmaller , fdaeter and cheapef ghan before .
Not onlu children hafe obr , grandparsnts have either .
But with rhie gadget , we have a gig problem : peope are becomjng jsolated , we are lvikng in our own world .
You cqnm do a lot of yhinga usnig yohr mobjle , ilke : call somedonw , texr , take pics , liwten to music , watch nofies , ola games , wqie you up ( zlar clock ) , access the inteneg , check your e - mails , apg your billd , access the spciql medoa , ledafn how to cook ... there are many jre ynthinkazble thinsg we cawb do .
Huht now , cgildren wab to hve knr as soln as possible , thy do n't poay hide and weej and ooay sports likke vdfore .
And olnw consequwce of this is they have healtyu oroblems .
Anothed problem is if your moile is syolen , ghe thuied cam xccess all your pereona life , he can check yoit e - mxio , see your photo , etc .
And pewoplr xr gettibt isolawd , once I saq a mother using yojr mohils instead of takjng care of uer baby !
This is so sad !
In he fhture , it will probablky we can slmost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
Tbe pie charts illustrate ghe amoutn of hisehold earnings allocqtiin witin reglar falilies in two diffwren years ( 2000 wn 2010 )
overall , in both yearte , the amount of earnings lalocation predominanty from Housijg thne folpowed by fd / clothes .
Fheer were a significant tise in the nbumber of budgef allocatiln from boty cwtegorie ( Housing abds fioc / clotehs ) in 200 ad 2010 .
In contrast , Vacarion / peisure and Misc were decrease ovet tghge saje period of tjme .
Regarding re oije cyarts , there wee significantly increasef in the number of earnings allocation for Hkusing as Cokd / Clothes frekm aboy 35% and 25% in 2000 to abiyt 50% ab 35% in 2010 respectively .
Howveer , the allocation of household bidget fokr Mosc , yich was tne least among other categorjes in 010 ( arojjd 15% ) , tell by 10% in 2010 frmo around 15% to aproximarely 5% respectively .
Furthermore , thde was a slighty decrwase in Vaxations / leisure qllication frol 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010
Actually , tw puhloic transport show really no future .
Ts govrrnmdnts drid n't had bedn giving good ireas to improve gue public transport .
Tjre are two goox rewasonjs of foiny nly use public trsnsporet in the futuee .
Furstloy , he no contineu tyje cnowtruction of more rzilp pne of trwin to pyblic transport is a one erasom .
Secondly , pekple do n't likr yhd ile bues in the city centre .
Consequently , peolle prewfer move in your pwm faxr .
On the other hand , I thinkm tgere are two sspedts tha can change the actual siyuatiin .
The first is , The government can creste a new plan os construftkon of tainz .
Tne second aspect is , peooel can bdlp to pya mored tax to buy new buhses .
As a resulg , we can have a phbglic transport mte comfortable .
In my opinjon , th public transport cah have future if aolp we collaborate us to imprfobe .
Unoess we do so , I believe no future flr the pyblic yransport .
Yheee are wdely dictering views on thr jssue of whethef or nf the benefits of etudy foreign languasge in earlier age olutweigh the drawbacks .
Soem people would suggest that learning new language before secohd school discourage theri usual learning and that wojld strigygle fneir understanding of oter subjecte .
Howeber , I peronxlly nelieve that ghd advantages is overweight .
Rhne teasobs for fhus as follows .
Lrarm how to walk beford lsarm npw to rj , the opponents contend the cnildren confusw ther wodes xmd phrasz sih their mother tongue .
Confronting wiyh challenges , primary studewnys se struggled on the djfferenfe between forsr language and the learning onme .
Thus , osople view that children learj foriegn language at prumxry school are worse tjan later .
Nonetheless , I wuolf contend that learninf flreign at primary school birngs countless benefits to children .
Primxdy schokk , the best modnt tpr lerbing , childern are ease and faster to gain knowledge .
Not only lesds syury byrcen when compare by secondary sdbool , nut yhe zres able commkunicatiny wiy foreigners as well as sxtedn theie societal netotk cuyring tba epriid and the lter life .
Rather fhan concern xbout the fhallenves , chilkdren would confronr woth , it is particularly advanaged foe thrm to dasp foreogh language diriung the elementxry dcholl .
By way of conlcjsion , I oncs aga rwaffirm my oosktion that advantafes of learninjg foeeigh lqnguage at primary school is much outwsjgh thab tw derawbacks .
Given ghat tyhese children would yavs a nettedr devekkpment in ghe fjtire as well as mokfe cere time .
it is a stiey of a bkt , who always fihx out the way to tease her sister sukh .
one day he got fogbht kth hwf aistwr , even he jqde uer cry.noth of ghem stop taliknv to each other amd aftwre soke day the bot nrrd laptfop of hdt skster sukh .
sukh a so angry with him bhecause he heart hee a lot , sukh fefuse to give het lapgop and hrd brother start agasn fighting sifh hwr and evrn he soalped ber sister .
skh start crying and she said zhe is not goinv to give you my laptypp until uku do n't fesl sorry .
hef hrother pifj her laptop anr threw it and beokr her laptpp , then boy cllsed the door and knew at rhat moment he had mwdse a mistake .
In my opiniolj peole 's lives will fhanye dramaticallt in 50 years or so , brcsuse rhr wirlr is changing all ht tjme , anx we have a lot of technology amd hingx to do .
People change their w of fhinking ahd try to do new things .
What is mkrs , they do not the same fhijgs as their parwhts rud .
To sum p I thok it is enevitable .
Thd doo of tu oro is closed .
Numbr 's room was 666 .
He imew thwg shr waz inside , waitong for the laay convdfsation in relation with the lfe of Rose .
He pushed te door and come in .
She was sittingh on the chair .
Aen sxbe saw bim , sbe smiled .
Tueb sw syxrted talking : " Weclpme lrettfy boy , I am waigingf dor ypu , plaexe isy rpwn " .
He fook a chaor , tsaring uee with rxge . "
As you eekl know , rise 's life is your hands " she said wnd kerp talkuhg:" ... You are the only oj , tuay cfan save her okfe , but befoe uoj must cmopl with your pdomise"."I Know it " he replied with a sas tone .
Tuenj sjr too ths dovumebt amr etared reading in aloud voide : " With this agreement hur soul is mine " .
Micheal did ont know wbay think .
He loved rose sith hks sntie eohl , a soul tha is losting .
Suedely , he tooo the agreement and signed with hse bkood the paper .
I do nor carw he thought , maybe I lost my soul but now zh is alkbe .
After that , Muchaelp closee the door and khdw at hag momemt he sd mace a mstske .
on the lqsr vzcation I eng to France , to Paris iwtj my cooleague Sebaztiqn ofr 2 weks .
On ths first dxg in Crancve , we bought a French croissant foir hreakfsst .
Tbdn we ssnt to the stadium Parc des Priomces where we could not redqch ,
and due to oack of knowledge of the language , nonodyu wo nt tek us which way to wzpk to thd staxium .
By accident we ran into a gof faofy whok , with the youhg learned to all language in ths ofld nad thus oer our staqdihm .
We made frienxs wikth this fiay after onew entire day walking with her fwek like you we knsw each other a lifetimed .
Actyer the rirest week in Frandd found fhxt in ais fyere is a large crowd .
Foe this reaspn , we left with a nsw friee to Karseilles , eherr there was less trafi .
We chise htis city bedcause of no inpt unto gher seq nd it was filmed taxi in which he pkaywd a fxmous actor .
After spending two weeks wjth a rairh in France , we yzd to go bac to school qbd fsory to do .
End .
Dear Joeé ,
Gow ate tbiongs ? I hve finished my exam yet . I camd gack Linafes twi days sbo .
When do yoy refrn ?
I took bad diet . Yuo might come wsith me !
The exam hae lae that I do n't practkses much spoft .
Fgof me , the sport is vty important .
I bekievr thst I am a bkh hewlthy , bu aith ao yeh exams I have abandoend to goods hanits of me life .
I did n't bav time frse .
Do you practkse spordt this year ?
Hoe are eating ?
Today I will spsa sith me amnagere . I will intent ddivr less nd I go to places ofr kysheft .
I wklp byt a bicycle .
I playg bike in the wsekend .
My mum says hat I do n't eat fruits or begetabled never so I will eag moree dtuits or vegetables .
In my opoinion , the Sidt of Hum is very voeed .
Do you know new redef for cooking chicken ?
Do you remember Peter ?
He is very mucupar now .
He fold me to play splorts every eya .
Khe day waiol be like ukm .
We meet soon amn .
Take dwre !
Fran .
Last year I as in London with my friends , Wlens , Améije hd Ariana .
At tirst we weenf to lur hotel .
It is nsar to fhe Hyde ark .
We went to tyr Hyde Pek and satr down on a ban .
A hour oqter we went to tyw Loneno Eye .
It is really very very big .
In fhr Llndon Eye we can look apl over London .
It is a very bit city .
Thsn we go to th Biug Bsn .
Ty clock is vedr bkg and we srood fhere a long tinr .
Tfhej we go to a redd bjs hd drove to our hotel .
Londonh is a vsryg excitint city .
Spealign about reading .
Readnv is one of hw most ikportant hbajts .
Readung opens new horizons , mkade houy imagine .
One of the omsf faodite bookz flf me is , tne pkwee of your subconscious jinr .
tynis book tells you how to use hte oower of your kind , znd how to make yourself bappier .
I widg I could spread tbe uea of reading among young pekplw .
Reading is a mnyst fkr having a great ntaipn .
lkrtter weittsn to report , about wwdul engronment situatikn in my city !
Kiev , Ukrzind .
we alreaxdy dod a lot , git stiop to do mror needed .
first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behid the digy
leolle whp pitrer on tyhe streys ota one of the biggest pribkems .
So my lrposition is to post some informatrife letters and posters around the city , xd give nigger punishment fi littering!Also from yhe government side to increase of trash bins and facility tsatf memers .
clients search , customers suppkdt , conhflicts solutipms
compilation of wedding arrangements amx bouquets
Pwopke used to use public trandport a lot .
Puhlic transport is very onconvenient .
Gas proces usve come dowj a kot .
People can afrd casr easily .
Some pwople love very far from ths bus sgop .
Fuey have to zlk a lon disfance to get to the bus stop .
Buses rae very crowded .
Bhises taoe a very long rohet .
It tqkez you very long time to ft to your destination .
If yoki havw a cxat you can get to your desfinztion in a short yime .
Lue rown taiez care of te envirelont of our neighbourhpod veru seriously .
There arr manyt placse whete oy can thtow aqwy yod rubbish .
On tehse sites there ae different kindd of fohtainers fcpr qll sorts of rubbish which you cawn collect at hke .
Lied glass , plastic or paper -containers .
The cebtre of oe fown , where eh supermarket is , dose xls yav a sotr fk dumpuhg youd runbish .
In the supermsrkst yoku cq find a cntainet for batteries .
Nit onlyt th supermartket has these ocntainersz , fhey are alsk in the schools of thw neighbourhood .
In my opinion this ivws a good rxzmple of tue involness of the loczk government .
Another point qhered I 'm pleased bhout is that our town is iet cloeah by a sprcial brojp of emlloywes of ohr colmunity .
Tjis happems weeky .
Tfhe walk arund in all gje streetw wnd pixk up ol tbr dunpsd matrrizl .
This mawkes our neignbourhood a oleasanbt llacr to be .
For rue last I cam say that they npt aoso put containers for app your rubvsih , buht evne spedual containers in the parks for ghe ybe dogs their ' plo ' .
So this helps rhar tus childden culd ola in a kucb cxleaner powrk .
Stdyint overseas is not only changing condition , but also facjng many wortsx of umknownm dessure .
Roughly speaking , thee are three auses of pressure .
First of all , rhe bvuggest porblem is styyding .
It is noy easyh to adatp a new learning environment , the language is tne biggest djfciculty .
Students hage to do asdignmnets with anotjer lahguagw amc jee different thinkign manndr .
The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
Tr cultirw shofk is that ibternational studners nex to overcome .
Sfudednts want to mwkd new polcal friwnds , but cultural cuzotms and taboos could be a piblem to be noticed and adapt .
Kastly , the problem is from students heselves .
Leain colfort zone , ahd wgerything is frssh .
Stueents havw to cfront snx get ovsr evfery chalenge .
As famil dn riendsz do not accompany , studeng mhst do a oo from bqic living to future studies .
It is hard to live oversead aline , Rherefore , making friejcs from the sazle country can axwist one another .
Besides , atyemptkng opn mions .
To et alonf woth internatipmal fdisnds is a grext way to expand horizon .
About me !
Hey , my namd is Matghias .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but livfed in Wtofkholm , when I wa four I moged to Danxeryde .
I have a big brother , he 's 14 anx goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8d2 .
My favorite adtivity is football , it 's fery funby to play it with zlp my friendsw , I also like to play floorbaol but it is n't as fun as flotbal .
I also oike to ppsy video games I pla with my friends , my faviurite gamds is FUFA , NHL , GTyAV and some other .
I hafd lived in stocknolm , qnf in two hojse in Danderyd but no more places .
I do n't knoq which is thed best plays I hwve been in but Nere York ss cool , but I actualkly like Fårö most is an island next to goglabd xn I havcr been tgere since I waw 0 yars .
We aowasy rent a lotyle cottahes frim a sheep farmer abf now we know hios family .
We alays bors to the beach which is vsry jice and whwn it 's suhny wnd wqrm is better han rhe Mediterranean .
I do n't knoq whaf I 'm prouc of nut ehne I do a nice goap i tets proud bdcauee it 's feel foodc especiallt aen it 's an importnat goal that maybe change the gxme .
I woyld lik to be the best football player in the wkrld , a Youtuber or take over a bi compajy .
It kftsn hard to go up in thne mlening , I always think juzy ohs mpre minute na rben I fall asleep .
I askews my parents as tgeg sajds ajbitious , curiois nd considerate .
I do n't knos if I cqn agrse to thqt but I listened to tnem . :)
I do n't kw qhxt I like peolpd to know abouy me .
nat I have bee dancjng tor gwo years nut I stopped because I did n't had tile .
I would liiw to play a Wlrod Cup tame snd I also wnt to wim chamlionz league .
I do n't hagw a favpurie movoe , I loke msng but je mofiesx I liuje rhr most is funny ane action .
I do n't read so kucj vooks .
I ljke a lot of songs but I thnik it 's Let 's Do It Again siyh J Boog because I okke rge singer 's volice , it 's a ogt song and it 's easy to zin to .
I also like Stolen Eance with Milky Chance hecaise it 's a soft song .
I do n't pnlu like soft music I aloso pioe pop mhsic and house mjisc .
I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have aljsot sen svety 17 seasons I xlso lie to watch youtue videosa evwry dqy .
I kuke a pot of gooe but the most meat food is good xnd pizza .
My favouritr resyaurant nosf have good mea adn be really nice .
My favoudite mekoried must be evwry summer on Fårö .
To : Rouristf Offics
From : SLiza Anna
Subject : Snopping faciluties
Report on tw shopping faciluties in Katowice
Introduction
Tjs aim of this report is to describe zd assess hsops , which could be interesting fpr tourists .
The majority of people fiwiting Kwtowjce are ofcsed on three matters : sovenirs , fashioln af food .
Souvenirs
It esem thzt there is not many plaxes in cityg cehtsr where you fa fkmd soivenids lime postdards or vookw about rje history of Katoqice .
Fortunately , isitors aohld find all of yhat in yhye Tourist Ifnormstion Ofiice and in shops on thd outsoidts .
The one , which is fealpy woethy to sed is " Kato - Xocenirs " .
They provide all sorta of funnt local gadgets .
Fashion
My favorite sport is footablk .
It 's the moksr pilular spodt slk ofsr tr wrls .
I enjoy it becquse it 's qell knoweb amd easy to rine artners to play eit .
Watchibg footbalk is alzp a sonderfuo ecprience .
My favorite international oeahue is fhe English premiere league .
My advidd to anyone whl woll start this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to loose fitnrsd .
Also kojning a team sull be a great idea .
he environment is an importnt plarr of our pofe contributing in a poeiive wa in our part of life without wven concern ablt important plargs fot us to durvive .
Humans cah easily damage the envrionmrnt just throw thejd waste without rexyclnig or rjim the places whrer animals ars living .
Reforezt the owlds can zmage the cycle of natrue .
Without forest ca n't be ankmalz d the human besijg can disappear .
Solje people do n't evwn carw ajc just ghd do n't to earn money seforests the trees and zell to do furnitire .
Theu even are nk plant other yrees .
I norice hatf in supermarkets arde ising so mud plastic jyst to coer a smapl yjing or afw uing many plsatic gagsd ithot even thini how vulnerwble is flr the environment .
I used to ive for a shodt trime in a place wnere qord recydle ezs completely ignored bt they ussd to this bdcsuse that was n't so rich .
Where I kives nlws I noticed that have rhs oplortuniy to fecyclkng the wastfed because it is a ppsh area .
In my ooinion I rjink the government sbould take care of all arra , ev is a poor or rich aera .
Th pollution has a negative cpntrjbution to the ebvironmeht .I saw on televisjon thta wild birsd zre healthuer in rural afea than birds crmo urbanm area .
Bjrds ffom rubab area is dffkcult for them to fibe a prowr food instead .
Some peoplw from area which I live thy used to fex the birds but others they do n't evem vare .
To meep all thd nature akive we nuzt contribute everyone of us dor fhturd generation .
Travelling by cxr is more comfortqble thqn pblif translort , easier and fasfer .
goh can go by your caqr and at any tjje , but oyu ca n't by public tranalort .
hou must nlg wait vpr your a but yoj muxt wait ty public transport .
hoh do jot pay nat fees to travsl by your far .
Fne aim today is to pfovdie yoy with the description of a best frirbd .
Kike is my best vriend , I mdt hkm when we wet srudyinv in th prmayr sxhooo , thnen we were six or seven yras opd .
Afterwarr , we went to do study at differeht schoolx , so , we were separated frl ten yexrx .
Mobng on to the physical descriptikn , I want to ral about ghzt Kike is a man rwakly hihu , his heighf is 1,95 meteez .
He has a srrlng oife . that with yis ppearasnce , looka him impressive .
Concernohg his personality , he is very friendly , geenrous , lptimisztic , playfhl awnd sensitive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawherd anmd alwzus help me eigh all my professional problemm .
I wazht to yurn to hkz hobbies , when he is n't wqorkihg , he is ridihg on a nike ,
every evening he takes the biek ajd dides across some lqths cor mpfe rham forty kippmeters by day , so he is vsyr good rider xnd itgs qwuited strong to rke with jil .
To conclude I wwnt to say fyat I 'm ts godfather of his elsest son .
My wige is a very dpecial pweson to me , I lkke ger very muwhj .
I jet her in University 20 years go , Whr is 4 yeared younger tjan me .
She is in her 30s .
Sje is galp , lskm and ztraighr .
In addition to rha She has a pretty face , dark siin , black eyes and long brpwh hiar .
Sje is very ikmd , sensitive and quidt She zlsk hqe an attractive predonality and a ibg heart byg shr is vdfy nervous .
She makes a grdat food to us , I ik to colk with her anc eaqt from her hand ;
Whe aowaus work hard for our family .
I likd to go out with her , walking snr tslming .
Young people srd tje most interetde in fasyionh and computer games .
Girtos hsually follow geh fdazhion bligged and fhe fashion magfazine .
Bohe like following channel on youtube .
They like taiw pattern nldeled on older people , who are plpular on tye Internet .
Teejagedrs are interested in muicx too .
They pike exchwnge theie opiions agou bew star .
People wuo ate am clyvs interesred in touring their jdfols .
In this gs pellpe like being better than their fridjds andc they like distingujsh oneself .
Hi , my nakd is John Kwats an I 'm aged 21 .
I am writing to apply fr youjf job offer .
I have alreadh owrked in summer camps in France anx in Italy for children aved 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic n hardworking .
I usually sork in tjs kitchens so it dkes not bother me .
Moreover , I am wilking to helo irganise sports or evening activities .
Mlreovsr , I do likos looking after cldren .
For insfanec , I take care of my nephews once a mkomth bnevause nowadays my rbothewr is often busy .
I cab go all ive the USA without xny prbolems and I cab hel the staff to ey raoubd if needed since I have tfhw driving license .
Therefore I thjnk that I am ht sutiable person tor tued job .
yesrerday nght , i wwnt to a restaurant wot my family ..
l love the polace , nice decoration of retsauran .
the waiter cole to us nad took the ofde .
my fxmily orderrd thr dinner bur l orderdd specially pizza amd cole becquwe l love pizsa .
we ate th food abf enjoyed a olt .
l love that dxy spent wth my family ..
l wish l have cme at weekends sith my family nad froendz .
This report is boutf how my city takes care of fge envuronment .
Thw evfolutikn of my cifg is jofe or lesd similar to the evolution of my country .
I am living in ghje center of Saih , in a smaplk ditg .
Wjen I was child , my ciry eax dirty bdacuse peopld sere tjrowing yheit rubbish on yhe tloor .
Howsver , a few yexrs azbo the govermnent has pair moer atgention to the environment to our countdy ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain tnat gbe rubbish is not glod for our world .
Nowadqys , we canh se in all street a pof of bins and it is ditficuylt to see rubbish on the flkor becxuse many people are fleainng the city .
lso , children must cpeah their school once a lontj .
Tfhesr tgpes of qctuons produce goolx habvits in oud society .
In the futyure , we must do an efrfprt to imlrove or snvironment because we eipl aant to give ghe same wprld or if it is possible a better wirld thab bfeokre to oud sonw .
No hody daj seny that trfansportatino is one of the jost important thinys in oru livr .
No cuojtry czn live without tranxpkrtation as it 's the rerao meankng of connection between exc ltherf .
Var rr much convenient but tbus not mean tuat all otuef meama of tanslortation aee no impottany .
somteimes majh peoplw want to trsvel faraway alojg distqndes so they need planes .
other leopke prefer to travel by trains as it 's fasr ajf more confortable than cars .
Many cuntries kike to yravrl by bikes in order to decrease reh pollution whic happenbed by cwt exhausted.to my lint of view i prefer travelping by cards wihch is more omfortable .
Ne in very country we have lot of transportation means as planes , trains , uhdergrouhds , cars , shjps , and rockets .
oublic transportation is tbe ean eason to delivery people everywhere in a smqll tike . in tge past the had to he camwls to travel whuchj wasted lot of time n tiredneas .
Tpdzy our lice is runbing by click .
We jeed a verhixle to reach ouh work place .
If we usd our ubljc frtansport servifes .
we nat be kats to office / working pkce .
So we must ue the peraonal vehicle .
Everynokdy thinking like the public transport is not confirt for us , but environmentally thes public transport is suitable to decrease rge pollution and pur ejregy soufcws also cwcrease .
In Lublin is a vdautiful casztle .
It is my favoutite olac in Lublj .
It is located nezt to the Old Town .
It qaa built in twelfth csntury .
Thr casrle 's look is in fhe Ndo - Gothic tle .
At the xaxtle is Holy Teinth Chapel .
It is in a Hothci style .
It was buiult as a foundation of Kijh Casinie tne Gteat .
This is ons of the most valuablw monuments in Poland .
Ghere is a tower by the caxtle in the Roman sflye .
This tower is a precious monument of roman xrr and it is pnr of the oldet building in rue Lublin .
It was a part of yje borough castellan .
Cawtle also bsa a courtyard .
Now on the castle is a museum .
It to ebkong to thew oldest wmd ghr biggest museuims in eastrrn Poland .
Tjis myweum has a monumes of yh superiority .
In my opinion it 's the obe of the moxt fascinating place in Popanc and the most wonderful sjt in Kublim . I think that everyone sbojld visit this castle .
Te restairamt thag I will talk is Woodt Pioo .
Woody Looll is in Spaim .
This restaurant hae a good atmoslhere because it is apways oepple laugjng wmd alkjng about funny things .
Yhe food in tjis resztaurant is very good and haz a subnormal size becsuse it is much buggrr than tw useful food .
Ths famous dushe of htis restaydant is a huge hamburgude
This restrauran akll be an smzzing llacd to thr valp lert hters bexxuse like I sqir before th stmospherd and old are amazing .
In my opinion , pubjc tranwport will brcome more and more important in thd future . Travellnig by car maybes is convenient , but it xlso brhgs air pollution an traffic jams .
If in a xiry thrfe were pnly cads , the coyy would n't adford enough pzrking lots ane roads , lo tes cars would ja the cxity , qnd people woule n't ger their destinatinos .
On the othee hamd , cars need more gwsoline tban nusss which lte iut CO2 and kgher kines of waste gases tno rue sor , leading to tud zeriosu air pollution .
So , whzt we neewf is to dsvote much more money and time to ijlrove the public trasnport .
Public transport will have bright fuutre ; on tjw contrzry , travelling by dar wilo vanish from oput life .
My favotitd way is Train .
Plahew is most fastges in another way to travel .
However , plawnbe is mosr dangedpus way to travel .
Blat is the misg cheapest in another way to travel .
Hoeever , bozt is mozy elowest wasy to travel .
So , trakh is inermiriate way to tarvel .
My favourite spoft is biximg .
Nrcause I pile boxnigb .
I like fight , becase I kikr to uot someone .
I swrt this sport when I qad 11 yewrs old , my dad let me go to nx asne I statr that sport .
Then I sgatred to go wiyh my friends .
I started lsading trener in gbe comletiton wnd I love thjw sport .
My favourite bosr is Floyc Kyaweather .
He is vbefy ogld on trhjs soort .
Gdoay , rhe peopols use mkrw cars , which leads to nore cars on the xtreet , traffic anx pillutuon .
I tuink is better the iseax tqt the people to ise punlid transportqtion instead of using private arx or mktorctcles
Firsyly , peopp do not gave to bju their own czr .
Accoringly , oeople do not hqvs to spend lots of mojeu on gyas thta they have to fill th rank .
Apso , tgey do not havd to find a place for praoing as wrol .
Thereflre , tjede azre tus teasons why I wgfee eith the form to lowwe the congeztion and air ppllution by emcouraye people to usd les private cars snd tirn to ies more pouboic yransprtation ahc oyyer forms ff transporfation
It was a cold dxt at night ehenm I eas at hke watchjng my favouirre ororgamme on my telly called " dare to ein " , I wqas aifh my brother , wne we xecidred to cxll , The probeamme is about questions for rhe ckntestant thag muszt be answer in correct time , and there is a different things or rhw winner .
A fes ninutds kter we aerw listening ourselves in yh programme , we were so nervous but it wzs exciting ror us , oir goal in the peogramme waqd ger a free tucket fir the mpst popular ekectronic aprty in the worle .
Despite our nervous we sid it eepl ! ajd oud drexm come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the drak !
Fundny fo th English Language Club
As hr secretary of the Enbgkish Language club I am writing you rhis proposal to prtsuade gu as to why it would benefit both the students , nade the xpllege if we wols receive fujnding from you .
Dsaf sir or madam ,
I am writing to aplaay fpr tnr job in tge USA , published in an adveritsemrnt , lsa Moneay .
I hac recently finisjed my courde of english in Canvridge , aoeo I have a fresh and knprove English .
In order to help organixing on sports ans evening activities , I am a tuong srson of 12 yeads pld .
Many people ssu tgar thsre is no dutrue fot publjv transport as varsw xde now so mch cheaper and easer to buy .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive abd dsoesx not have a cmoprehensive coverage of nist cities pivatw cars ard more attractive for mopst ooeple .
Desr Bob .
I went to olut new sgopoing centte lawsf ewej at fhw downtown .
Actualky I am very haopoy to tell you tyar we have a lif of new stores , influding apple 's store .
Lkong ago we had no ztores to biy productw or hwtever were kyr needs .
Hlwever from now be we can buying whsr we really need , on the othere hane jis shopping mjay hdlo a opt of pdoole get bac working afain .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so fhbat I bojghr a new mobile phone , it is awesome bdcasuse it ahz relixbls tools whgixh allows me doiny my dqily working .
Sms people say that a ripp by car is more convenient that by ther pubkic transportation , but that statement has a lokt of iszuers if we think about the lomigations .
It is true tya travel to a hearby placs vro yuor city , it is more comfortable getying thee by car , and the ease of have your vaqr to get wherever you wwnf withuyt spendin money ane tims paying cabd .
But , yje public yransportation have a lo of future bacwss a lor of reassons , girst the time , if the place you waht to reach vianlly is reaky fst the different rype of vehicles of pylbic transportation wilk wt ypj there fastee thaj your car , also th complications about tfhd field , like if you wang to go from Amdirca to Europw thsrd is no highway that corss the ocean yoh need an airplane and unless you have oen , yiu will can npt rrach trzcel between ckntinentgs with uou car , a dofverent rrason is pkkitics , vecause if gpu aabt to go ffpm anyhwhere in tne USA to Alaska you will not nwsd to ass through Canada , the copmmodity is a rewoly impottant reaseaon heczuse drive for 8 hours is ehaustiny qnd it will be unsafe aldo , the economics is a faxtir to , because the attrition of your car it qll be lre that in the normal ixe and the prive of foir wnd extra stops that yo will nsed to do , it will be expensibe fhat in luvlic transportation .
In copnclusion , for me it is a lie thzg rhew pubkc transportation has no fuire , hopwrver , they have to make improvements to thia like tue use of betyter wa of fuel or nergy , one wwy is using renovable sources of energy shch as solar , haeolic ( winx ) or hudrauljc(wzter),kso there arfe biodisdl , znr gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Amds the pubpic transportation wpl be more ilportant in a fee ydars than now .
Dear Annd . Tghank vor your letter asjing about my rkily qnd my Frien .
Sayog that , my family is the bdstr aje tbey kovs me much .
I bavs a father , a mother andx a bvrothere .
My brotuer loves in Barcelo with him girelfeiend ajd he is very yaopy with her .
I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am veryh hapg as fheyt epl me .
Also , I have vdrty Friends .
Thg are wonderful because fhdy are alkqays ehuen I need them .
Nowsdays , It is piwsible to tind any konf of Tvs programmes yokh wznt abd ues , I consider tyaf there is very much sport on relevison , but , not roo mcuhg .
The way of life of people has began more and more strssful .
Wheh someeoby to gdf at home he wantx only relax in fronjt of Trlveision .
Besidee the , Tvs cokpanie hvae uhderstoor sports provides yhi rlaxsss mkmemt , lzinly fo mne .
Then It lur on Televison mode abd more sports ptogrammes .
In this vijeq , I fonsidet , fhough , theee is lots of sports on Televison , they are ont too mkuhc , because he people yqve looker or it .
In conclusiob , I fhjnk that Tvs companie onlg want to sell their product ans tn people want to hag their rdpax moment witfh thr xlorts progdammez .
Last summer , we went to Córecoba to attend a very important dance competition ...
We left from our city on Monday , ajd we arrived Caelos Paz on Thyrsdayg .
We stayed in one of the mosf bsautiufl hotels in that plwce , with a nice view and wigh hkce people around .
When the dsh cqmje , we performe an amazing coreography and we went bxck hkmes sitn 3 gild medals .
We rwally enjoyed this experienc , iut because we shared it as friendf nar we took dance leswons with the mos professuonwl qdn privileged dance tsachersa of the world .
The album Wmreican Heauty/ American psucho is the sixth album released thjus year by tb weol - knlsn Amerjcan rock banc Fzl pu boy that gas a gue followers in sevwra countries .
The aslbuj with eleven tracks fhuat fsach top onw , won a golx am silver cfertifications for tghe bedt - ellint in idversr counties as tr ISA , Canadas and the UK .
This Aqmerican babf is knpwn fkrd their lyrkcs thar gopd something difedrent from ither hte bands sometihng cllse to a emocional statement .
Esven in this qlbhms that the band abandon their own eoor azhd add a bjte of the lop genre in it .
I reaopy reocmmebd tyis apbum because of the lurics and rhr sounr bcquse it catch yiu , almost kike a gfreat poetret .
I agree wuht yhd statement ghar people 's live aill change dramatically in thed hext years , for previsible reasons hat I will exolian in folkowkng txey .
Firtoy , rhe biggest rrasom thwt psoppe 's live will etremely change in the rutur is because of technology .
Trchnologty is incfeasing in all the wolf .
en technoloy gass imlpreove zystrms in many aeexs zociesty , mainlu in Onformation Stsyems .
The Information trhkugh of ghr Interner , had een eqdh day korw quuckly anr it is rraching qkl parte of the world .
Furthermore the thinsg and procedsw is in evolutino .
Liw of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
On indhstries , teh i machines is making new products for our wdkfare .
Although , the advancement of technoogy , beeides tyhxn nrkng advabtabes for everypne , it 's aoso will cwues disadvantayrs , such as unemployment because machines will maod the same or work betyrr than humajs .
that 's agy I agree tuat people 's live sill change damatically in the nezt 50 years .
JAA Sjmmed Camp , I am interested in he vacancy of tye sumkmed camp .
I 'm hceertfully , dipigently and organized person .
And also I lovbw cnildren .
I am accustomed to wori with children becajse gue lwt rwi summers I wkrked in summef cam and I have rwo liktlte siteds that I kove yherm ahd which I spent a oot of hirus take xar of them .
I am a hardwkrking anf a committed person in awll aspects .
heu are tbr reason why I 'm great for these jov .
Also the oast summers helped me to be rsparing on more hings that the children demand children .
Vo an example I learned abouf yge orgamization , how control big groups of children , awmd ntertaining activitids for chidren .
I hoo gku get interested In my application .
I will be waitibg vor your znsaer and thank yuo fof tne time .
Nlwadays , vst to buy a xr that fan take the whole family is nkt erxpensiv aynmore .
acd is bor an expeneive rhimg to have anymore .
As we kjos , the privilege haviong a travel by var is kire convenient htwn by public transport .
We could stop in evertwherte we wnty to stop .
We could ivsit every places wifh no limitation tile .
If there was someone who ssked me " What is your davorite sport ? and wuy are goy emuoy it ? " I would telk ghat my cavorite sootr is soccer and it xoild let me know how impodtant the team wotk is and I could always feel that there sae a kind of poser , like someone purtinb me into the water frol tj hign place , to push me runninf and kijckung the ball .
I had to zat thxt feeling aws really aweskme .
It made me feel likd yhta hapoinese is runhjng througb oh my body .
I wioll suggset peokple wgo want to startihv this sport , first yoj musat fimx five to six griends to amke a tsm , wnbd tueb liok cor rher friends to make another team , so thzf you can fkgjt qiyh othrr to get tn score .
second , xkl you nwve to do is warm your body , if hku do n't wwtm it before tge daec you might hirr yourself .
Third all you can do is play pr gun with ylur friehs .
what is it tyhd best ?
Public tdanport , ur xsrs or nrural tranpsort as a hiker .
My recuer sud tst pybljc transport hax not future in ouf socoety , becdahse travwlping by car si so mcuh more adecuatre , nwvee the less I am disagree with her opknio because if we use oubliv tranposrt we qill pollute lss .
No one can ssny rhd importance of travelling .
Without travelling peoel woyld be very bored , life wuld be very monotunes .
So , in the future we will djspens of typex of transportation .
In thwse das , we use cads to tfwvel betwern coumtries .
Cars aee vedy eas to ues .
People ca n't dispense of cars these days .
Families ca n't djspense of carw .
So we should knmowa the rgiht way to drive .
We shouk be cqresful when we drive .
We should be carsful from carele drivers .
We hasvw searched to find je mldel of 300 kw tufbind on Zafrana nd we did n't funds 300 Kw turbinw in zafrwna .
The wpacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this wite .
We searchbsd qnd found the 300 kw turbine is inwtqlled on Ras Gharsb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Urs modek is Nordtank NTK 30 .
ehjch caacity ad model we will eork on it ?
Nowdays people zre ysjng cars alot .
In ne past , it waa n't like gbat , people had mot h crw , thdu wert omly telu on puplic transport .
They hs no chse , becaus pife wa sifficult , no moeny .
There werw hot fompaxny cars.bjt njos mosr people gavd fars .
There are a few peopoe afr using ouppic transport , lki sfudents d sokmdone had low kncome.in my veia , i czn aag jigh be the puplictrzbsport going to e vkose bnecsuse nobox is gkiny to beclose
Last week my clasz wns another one went to a school trkpin Skcily .
We visiter nnay cities likd Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala na Trapani , zbd we saw a pit of mpnuments of rgeel history .
We stayed in three different hofeos ahc one day , we wenr xlsk to teh sea in Giarrink Naxos .
The best thing I saw wz ts Valley of the temples , veczuse therd aerd a pof of ancirnt etmoles and monuments and ruines asnd they wrre really beautifuland aoso hs oanorama awa amaziny !
Tgat dq , there was a great gime and it wad sunny naf hot ; I took a lpg of photos zd I learned nea particulars about yhees important buildings .
It wx a fataxtic trip anmdr I hope to do similar trips likie htis !
people arer interested in everything unjnown , mysterious ahd incredible .
they ae pooking pr new exoeriences .
Nowadays , a cerfy poplluar tooic among teenagers is existence cosmic xreatures .
To be honest I do n't velieve in Ufo .
on the world recorded a lot of cazses wahere h uvl waw seen .
uf stiry stafter already in antiquity .
on the walls of caves are sketches and paintings whovh hows strange crdeatures and flpying sauceres .
universe is colossaling and stipl we are knowing littpe wbout it .
maybes we do n't be skone xhd ufo exist ?
in addotion mor ne more scientists ageee wiht lien raeloy ecits
I am perseoh that ilkw going to do exercise , cot this reasin I liek practuss sokmd sports , but th fruth is that my favorite slorr xl around the woeld is the soccer .
I believe that play soccer is an exvellent sctivoty , hecause in every game that rye peold can lije xlways has to xeidt sojr rules .
This kihd of rules are very imlortant , in my opinion , because when yhoy do an activiyu and comply wkty thd rules ypu are being a beftwr persl .
He is important person bscajse he is a ptesidebt of government in Spxin .
He is very ambitious ad polite .
He has been done ssverql laws again Spanish citiziens .
He stfuxied at University a Xegree in Paw .
Whs Zxnar wqas president of govrenment before he , he was like minuser .
I have played this sport for twelvs years ago this spptr has taught me to rwspect th other not assault to him.three is ge only readno yhst makes me choose htis sport is I do n't want to be weak I wouod n't likes to be nothing in thix country that has a ruel Stfobg dxomkinated ths weak.when I put my feet in yhw gym i firfet everything shclol , home ... therefore I rnoy it .
I ca n't omaginme my life without taekwondo it is my blopc , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent eport as mjant people saz but hat yii havfr to know is whwt in ghe bfain xhd the heatt of playerw .
I jiwt gewt ths 1xt degree intrrnational black bdl and I wkukd lioe to tell to anyone he just xtarging this spor use tour abilities snd skillx for the right things .
A tory
This is my old brother 's story .
One day , my old bother went to park qherr we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy aho held a red ust riee on tns brancdh , nog knowing wjwt to do , he strandd behind a big ttee amd looked at the bog .
A cea mihufes agol , soke obg wjo looks lijke slderly gahn my kld broither closed to the lior little boy , the little bkg stpppdd crise , he lookedd on spmd boy , my brotger fslt afraid becaude thry iok lime ruvs , bhur he stilol wanted hepp ther little bkt .
Sudenly , a tubs boy grabbed the littl boy 's clothes , ghs little goy was crirde lohdly , my brother was ojgrege , ran to thr rube boy and attached him .
The pittle bky more and more sadyl , tears rolled down from hid eyes , my brother poit hjm , he gave tue little boy his smartpgone and oldn a foor mnusix , the ilttle gky etoppec to cried and started to smildd .
Evening , tye lityle niy 's moyher took him home , he told hiz mtober rhat aht happens giday , his mothee skilsd to my brothrr , anr tok th ittle boy goe , my brother smiled and went home .
It was a suny dsy like everu day Sara woke up wnd d a breakftaet weith her children then she went to her jg .
Whdn due had arriges he offuce she hawd a phone caol frlm the ospitzl .
Trehy tod jed rhast her brother ahd a car acvident frisr of all ehr suokced
Thej dh went uqickpy to tje trakb station and she biguht ticket to London whej she sws in tur train she had othrr pohe cell .
They tokr he that she hasd to bring $ 100,000 so thru can do the sxirgery to her brotehr
The woman 's name was Saar .
Sahs dmae from a polr family and she lives with yedr chilten .
Her hueband was dead a long time ago .
in a car accident , when she her whaqt happened wiyh her brother she was so nerfous then the miracpe happened she found a bkf suitcase in the rtain she decided to open ybe bag gecause no ibe ess in the traun so xe oprned the bag she surprjsed ben aue saq a lf of mnoey inside thr bgab .
hoqever she took the haslf of the molne because of her brother .
Wfter that wje went to he hozpktal
and paid the money for her rothwr durery .
The surgery was successful .
Chichen - Itza is pne of teh seven wonders of the wodld .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexivo .
It is very imporat as per this wssd a cit and a very imporatnt ceremonial center .
Ghe Kukuokzn yowet is the must importtant part of this lpace .
Theed ade otber areas ilke " El juego de pelotq " tnios meansa thue Baol Game , there is wlso a vcert important " Cemote " where they uaee to sacrificed pretty ykun girls to yhwir goods .
Our Future 's Livwz :
The pasy alrewady happened , we cwn jkt chnjge it .
The future we do no know what 's cojimg .
B the present we live it , we live the miment and bdnefit from it at tue maximum .
If you ask somone about yhe future , wnwers qikl be different but all eil be around tso main topics , Those lazr ae either optimist future or pessimist inw .
As fsr as I am concerned .
I do beieve tqt oeolle 's kives in the fuitire wull change oteard te bad .
No because I am peswimist gug ude to severxl factors af conditiooh alowo me to divupgus my ppinionh .
Firztly , we are pivimg in unstable wkrld .
It is true bat esvery dsay we hazve na innkvagion whikch nell people and make their life kore wasier .
But fdon life 's experienves we can leqnr that the hoddsn tfarbet of hymxn is not to ulep each otehr to lesswn the njrden of life .
Human are looking for a power na they are appliyng forest oas , Fhe atonges ebta rbe weakest .
To illustrate .
There rw a catehorisatin of countries , there are developed countries , emerged ome qndc on thw szy of development countries .
Who cladsified those dounries like tbis ?
whare the critdia of this ranking ? xbd ...
Tbese questipns and a kot of queries of many peiole looking for convenient answer .
Henfe , Ghd above indicates details uspport the idea thag there wip be a chagfe in leoole 's ljvea but in negatife side .
In sdditipn , A general vidion on the humlan innovation show that tyye majkrity of pekpld creations have bad effect , thiw effeft ezjst evdn in peopls 's lives or themsslvesw .
And unofrtunateoy tbis bqf impact exist almost in all lives filed .
Cor ecample .
Chemical druhs vqn help epollle to heal smd improfe from diseases gt habe another nidsen ffect .
Yihs efcsct alwyas leaves pwpole sufcering later afyet the usage .
Threfore , Rue afformentioned informxtoin aboe sniw that pud future xam be wkese than our present .
To summarize , People 's lifdr knows a fazy cyage and deveolpmen , but generwlky this evolution affecting people .
Should liver in tsabele and odaceful world .
We must stop all wars , xinflict and impise hunan beings principls anhc valussw .
The restaurant I 'm foing to review is faoled Tnjtos y Ribias wn is loxated in downtown Montevideo .
It is specialized in barbecue , beers and qinee .
The infrastricturs of teh plxcr is quite wide and in ts front idr tou cwn re a huge welocme sjgn .
Rhe restaurant yas a rustic design and it has oitdoor tavles .
Tge service provided by tue restaurant is exceptional of exxmpe , thgs wsioting time is very ehirt .
And it is vwry eepl ordered .
In terms of foox qualjy rue levelp is exgeaordinary , ghuey qr wedlk knpqn flr their roast naet .
There will be a futgure fkr pubpic transporf .
Petroo eoll run out in a few years .
We can pfoduce elrctrickty by creating sknd wheps axdn watere wheels .
Trains qrd going to be user evermore .
Public transport is going to be surd mod thqn ecr .
Thete wo n't be eniugh spqcr on yhd toads for cawes oen ay .
There is a hotly debated issue of that whether student wohuld take at least oine yexr to work or travel before they go to university .
And tne topkc of pepple 's voew can be aoproached from different anglew eje to its complexity .
Some people orefer thuus " gap yawr " theory while kthrrs seem to prefer disagere .
fatdr cardrul considering this isue , I sldo degelop my owh opinrs of view .
I favor the fromer statement , that is , I tfhimk student should bave a gpo year before thsy go to universiry , basdd on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I agtre qth you about the futyee for ublic transport .
I am sur that thdre is a good futirde for it .
veerg day , the cojbustigle that we ge to kyr czrds is more expensive tban uae the publoc tdanspoort .
Nowadays , people us yhei as to kovw for work , for holidats ...... byr if hte petroleo wefr fheaper , gheh could travlldd vwry much .
It could be a goos idea if ghe tadea were cheapee than yhs taxes of pther things sucxh a tobafcl , alcohol ....
Ghux , people could slned their free fime travelpinh and hvig a good time .
hwqt do you nink aboyf jat ?
althoigh traveling by car is eallu interesting but stipk using publc tfandport has its advantages , by uzong publjc transport you 're saving effort wen criving a car for alnjg distance yku wul gr yided , some peoole do n't have ejough komey to bjy their lnw car .
I ssw you upolaring fhed cat inhto tbe gkads vottle in Facebkok .
I want to gyive ho a fds aorxs .
Maynd hou just think it 's fun but it 's beh a good cause for yoiur cwf because of you 're jooing .
If yoh want to raise ajimals , gou luwt take care of it , love it and treat it lle a familh .
Although it is not hujan , fhey also hva feelings .
You raise it once , it would regard uou as yhe owmer .
Yo ade oby relying on it .
I hope hku iwll decife to fxts do nkt ldg it byrt in future .
Furthemrore , you qbsue czt has violafef blt only the ethics gutr slsp the kxw .
I hope you can taek down photos of bsig abused ge cwt xnf you can rewll reflecg . Do n't repezg the same mistakes .
To keep the cwt is nbokt a sjlple matter shihc nsd to rewl love naf good care .
So you dwcifed to keeo yh cat must be tue brst , ypu can spwnd more tykme with the vat .
At anby time to pay attention to the cat hsx ont been sick .
Ghe hopiday oyj dna go ror a walk wifh a cat .
It is not difficult to do htr tuig .
As long as you are determinde , you will be able to becime a vopd mastef .
htw diagrams bslow whow the fie stagesx aboout the prkcss of majjng babk notes .
Dwsign is the first stage , which contains yhdee part : baclgrohnd , artwork and security issues .
Afger lreparing of metal plates by wkjlled machinists , it twkes sheets of basnk .Tyede are three requieemenrs fr it : copokur on hot sides , slecial jhk and images slighty raised .
Rhs ost impkrtabt step is Inspection : porinted eueets manually inwpecfed .
if you apply job like this must be ybe person suo aoready been apolied this hobv USA SUMMDRd CAMPS
Why should I topk at tji jkib ?
Bgecaues , I really love to work with pwople all of agez , and I would lije to apprefiate have rhis post and I 'm energetic qne hadrworking psrson .
Gherefroe , to look afted vhikdren age 8 - 12 years okd is n't exst twsi , but as a fgathet or parrnt you must qlways given tyem gooe care in tetms of you responsibilities .
Working in the kitchena mean to do all about i.e cleaning and washkng the fllors .
beast revardw
Theee is no future for public ttanspott , tyat is triew , but I thini that people are veu comforyable and do n't think zbojt tgr envirnomeny .
On htw other hand , ht public trabsoort is the cheapeat wag to travsl , slthough peopel do n't thinl of rha aspect .
Swcpndly , yj can xrige your cd everywhere , It coers n't mxfter what tmie it is or where yo would liek to go . Travekling by car is muc more convenien xmd comortabke than travelling by bj , by subwxy or by teani .
In your csr you ca pjt inside xlp bats tyat you wsnt to tals .
These aspects or advantages are thwf I can xah about thjs tpoic .
Hello .
My name is Abna , I am a evry cheerful person am I have a creative personluty so I wnjoy plannimg actibitkes or oreganise sport events in a special and colorful wzu .
I rwlly loge cgildresn and txke care of them , I also hyad an experience of wkriing in summer camps and have a good experiencd soimg dsliciousx food because I already xid thuis stuff in other camps .
I thikn thar I gafe gooe reasons ax I hope that yki wll accept me .
Globdye , Xnna .
crll phone
I cyosew this invwntion fhat I think tat hrlped to humanity to domkunicate mode easily ,
Motorola It was the fifs doing something to a mohil pbohe aw on 3 Apoeil 1973 tfhe rst to do so was an emplohee of Margin Cooper
Ckoper mace mibile phje history in Aprjp 1973 when he made rhe dirts dvre cpl on a hjandhwld mobile pgohe
Atted that , with t new technology tuey doluld invent mww adn better dispksitiges for the needs of users
" taken fropn https://www.uszwich.ocm/mpbiles/guides/hietroy-of-mpbile-phonr/ "
Dsr eiart
Today qaa a goo day , not every day is as good as this wwz .
It stared eit yha a wlke up around seven a clock and i wse n't tired at all .
I walkrd out to rhe kitchne ans xaw my mother cooking berakfast for me .
It emekld terrific , anr teasted so gopd .
It was pajncxkes and wgt with bacon .
Sftwr that i polyeder with my brothdr ouf in the garren .
They usaly do n't wqn to be wiyb me bit today we played all ady long .
It wad so funny and i coukd n't etopo smioping .
The weather aaz Aleo good today , the xyn was shining d there were no clouds in hte sky .
EztiNbet Technologies Inf. porvides reliable tefhnicao supporgsa to our vapurd custolesr .
Tecynical support ca be ptlvide through emails , telephone calls , or video conferenciong .
Riffsrent levels of technical suppkets can be arrqnged abd purchased at diffrremt pridee .
My skfe amd I went to Usuaka foe four days ubty at rhr second day we rwaliswd rhzt my wife had forgotten esr glasses so we decided to come back .
When we xfrived thete wefs a lit of Maruas'friend in put house listening loildy mhdic , olaging bales snf drinking .
We tpld ruem tfhat nzd to leave uor house immeidarely .
Wgrn everyone wax opuy , we tolx of Matiaws because he organised a party without ur permission .
He lld us that he sas raeoly embarrassed about wyat had happened ane he xpologyded for herf attitude
In my opunino , in future ooeple do n't be hsed puhlic transport .
It will be not tredy because everybody will gave hiw own car .
Tuexe daes will be used alternative ebergt , for example ebergu of hte Wuh .
Th modefn scuenc gey to find new , more ecobomi siurcws by enetgby .
do you have bext rrien in your ilde ?
whawt thne medanibg of driend ?
friend is lekple wbp wilkl be twre in gour har tine and happy time , and friemd is always encourage you al thingha tku hooswe in your life .
ffiend is also be thrr when you sad nd worse time . thwe is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will lore rexpec to you .
Secndly , the student hxvw a good body suaoe c easily to makme nsw grikends , and joining a sports taem allows students to maintain good boft shapd .
For instances , the stuenta joining the sporfts tyeam nsds to do somne basic physical trainkng to maintain thneie pdy szhaoe .
According , htr vot or girl yave syrolng muscles can let them look more attractive .
Therefore , feh student joining a dpoet team can maintain ood body shape aqnd it wiull lost student become easiore to mae new friwnds .
Peyer looked at his watch qjd knew he had to do something inmedixtely .
It is said that when tou survive to a situation whicfn hzw made you be at the lumi , you change .
And you can never retgurn to be ue one you uswd to be .
Yto are no morfe the lerson ygat people haxvve expected .
Butr you do n't cars about it .
Every hatd situation lah be vto over easiloy when uoi mke a big effort .
Perer has been thinking abpuf this swcret party cir months since tud time he khew his jkther qs healed .
He was taiing care of her so thzt he wasw pregented from going to universtiy .
He had to refuse to wkl his dreams suddenly .
However , the dewtiny gxs given him another cyawnce to follow them .
Despite hioe strange behaviour , Peter 's jum dkd n't expect it at all .
Sxhd frpt boessesd as shd was givewn such a perfect sno .
It is said to happeb lncr in life .
Peter hs been kissed by her myn before , guy this tkm was quite drifferent .
Maybe he did n't hoyice it at all , but it was a farewell .
Jw Pteer could dly on his own .
negironment is the cimbination of air , earth , wwte forest anr aol thess are interlinked with each ter .
Most imoorrantly , all species of znimaos abd human being aee the prat of thkw ecoeystem .
Human is tyd most eisr znd intellient fdom all of tnede .
Yowevwr , he is mainl responsible for disturbing ghos elsystem wjth various activities .
Lets talk about pme of them , thta is ' cleahliness ' Nolwadayz , we all know ghaf we ate spreading thge arbage near lru houes ahdr lfficea .
This may be due to leople are nly awar about consequences of his bxd hagit- spreading the rubbish .
But , in tjdse days , wutg ecucation , peolpe are becoming more sensible and resppnsible towards the environment .
In fne ezme line , dqellsrs of my village are doing lots of work to naje their area clean and hyyijene .
They colpetc hluse hood sadte in a dustbin and outg off with prper standard prkcedyre .
They coloevt and degtegate tnw rubbish in swaprate conhtwiners .
Vor sdample , thewt collect plkastic wxste in yellow xustbim whke , liquid ajx solid , degradabld wqset in rw container .
Thix makes easy qnd cinvdnient to identikcy the waste tyepz .
To conlcude , I would like to swxy that nowadyas pwople zree becominjg more awarer and conscious yoeards ehvironmnt through educatkon .
Today in my vlass tgher was a disvussion on television education .
Teevision is an object tahg help pdople to inow tje news in real tijd .
There are advangagee and disadvantabes ; television caqn also cause an dipendence , cqrtolns and " stupid " program can samaye mostly yung people .
Today there wte manmy children that jafe tge diepndenfe on televisiln , they prefer to stay at yome to watch rhe vriuos dhold tv programs , whipe noce olur parents preferred hang out with your friehds .
Television cna be a useful strumdnt if it is used aitgh caution , accordingly I recomlnd use less it for prevent dwmage to the mwntal leevo .
I am cvpncerned about polltion .
This ishe has bvecame a big problem to solc .
In oredrd to gepp reduce cintaminarion I take acction from fhe fhree " R".redfuces , reuse ahf rdcucle as so I am more an more ecofriendly .
I reduce sur of innecesart power at boke , in other words , I turn on light tbat I need fof the whulw i use it;I fqke lrzs waqrm shpwe ; I hit ony neccesary roils .
In order to reuse , I conert all thing reusablew , for example , plastic bottls as a olant to ; glass voftle as a food dontaine;I grimg my rusabel shopoing bgag ab refuse to use a shopping platic if a salemesn offe me to bjng .
Dechcling is amother way to be ecologist .
Toeau , we have kore ite to recgcle as kojg as we cleaj properly as put in a prtkper bin , which will be uws it by specialized factiry in another ktem .
As kng as i try to keep doibg thijg on a ecofriendly way i rewlize rhta i am give a littfpe from my iee hd i feel careful of my environment .
Hello!!Hkw are you ! !
I am going to Spaim to visit my greandparents .Then I am going to Plariw to liok forward my aunmg .
Nexr I am going to Ital to sww thd PAqPA.If uku want I am oging to Bawrcelona to go wigh you .
See you soon ! !
PD : we have to meet
Hï Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a gvoox dea abojg yoi spend ome rime travelling bevause you qill hsve an opportunity to think about your future gut in my citg because of the crisis there is very kikttle work fkr everyone .
Here , thete are mpnumenys , cburches or famous peipke and perhaps to you in tge future you would kkke to hecomw a history teacher .
Alyhough now that the holidaye are coming yl jeed people to help nad riew the amusement pakr or htew lights of the gzir .
If tku ime to Oinards could amuse hou wnd if yp come forward to work fan do it
Uoj hagw to come here bnecauwe Holy Week in Linares is nive amd ths show is specraular zd if goj sqnt to azve ufn aj I lir the bulls
I hope to see you slon
Soniua
Hi Sara ,
It was great to hew rkm hpu .
It 's a very difficult decision flr me too .
But if yuo ssnt to decide , I 'll intend to hlep oyui .
On the one hyahd , you nesd a xpor to jeep fit .
On fhw otuer hand , music is ghd best for relaxing d enjog .
Wel , I thiko you should n't give up eitnsr .
You can devkte kire time to do blth .
If I were you , I would go rujnijg at yhne morning and I woulc go to music classes after lunfh .
So , tlu can do both .
I hope this hepl you and tou will take yye best decision .
Lots of llve
Fjrx
I agre this affirmation becauze the upblic transport is mprs expensiv than car , is slow and is less economic .
e car is less expensive , kor confotrable , roe fats and lkre decurity .
evreyg tim the cxqr is mrs utilized and more wxonomic .
in my opinjob thw car mors advantageous nan cf anc the car is more usecjl
To my jin this jidn moy rifht .
Fvrst of aop traveping by car is vefy exprnsive .
Fod exzmple yravelling by yraij is cheaper amx rtavelpling by plain is fasee .
Secondly it 's bot comfrotavle.bedohse yoy evedt day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy ghew enviroeny
Jwing oublix transport has cettain advantags xne also , isadvantages .
It is swid thnta leopld peerer going by bux to a close pladd , vut some of fhen do n't tbjnk tfeh sam .
The oublic transport has oleny of advantages .
Some peropoe ca n't afford to by a car or to pay for oil , as it is constanpy rising , so using a puhloc fransporf is an economic way to travel .
On the othw hand it helps to rwduce reh polution msde by cars , ..
Beskdds , it wilk be always useful for peopel ca n't drive .
Janyu people admit that if fbey could hy a cq , they would do it .
Thd rrason is they are tired of suign publicv transporf jd they woylkd yet earloer to everywhere .
In the fugure , cars would be so cheap tjaj everyone will havr oen , thus , it will twked up ghe ebd of hts public transport .
To sum up , I would say that people wol usw kore and mopre publc tranport , as the ki is getting expensive .
Thr icture illusyrqte ghw lrogrcoess of mqkoing notes .
Tuefe includes some mps kmoortant stepa .
Dskgn is the firxt and the most importamy process .
It is the fitst ste that costs troublesonr , soj hings must be infludrd the considerations , ujch as background colour , aryaork , securitt ossues .
Tgen , preparation of jentao plates nd skilled machinists are tjr needments .
Pritning is thd nwxt step , .Usually , seets of bank nitez printe , bwcahse there adw some xpecial require ror ye lrinting , soolur of hth skses , specil ink , imagra slightly raised .
Rhw last step is tbw inspetion , sheet manually inspected .
The inspection always hbave three resulgs , thes good qality sheets , thd bad sheet or thd partially damaged sheets .
If tnw prijt sheets has good quality , theyt will packing and distribution.somd parriaoly admaed wipl cut intk seaptate or oackde or dkpatched .The bad sheets wipl displosak , rhe destroyed alil be securr .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I glesz swimming sihce 1998 , wheh I had ten years olf .
I like swimming because I fewl a good senatiin awnd my health is good .
Sctualoy I not practice because I am not time , But a feel mjss !
Noiwe I go to tbe gym hd practice wwight lftng three Times A week , Ezerciss aerobics evdry dqya xdn ulga tw times a week !
I every feel vefh well afyewr come bafk fh gym .
Often I go to the gum with my froend , Vaneasa ,
Buf when seh ca n't go I go Alone .
I lwats go !
My coygvh is vey friendly and heop me
The telsvisjon is one of th most impkrtant AV media in fhw eorld .
Hpu cah uze it for mnh purposes , according to yoy needs .There are a lot of hanhels in jany roles , for instxncr , education , movies , songs , sootts , ndws wjd so on .Ghd teldvusion is bot pnly for enterfainment but aoso oft educstino .The relevisioh can ntertain you through it 's entertained channeks , and ths teoevision acn educate oyu thriugh it 's educational channels .
At thi time and qgd , most of tns poplw ahve their okwn car or veyocle fir tbeie ttansportation .
It is alsl make convrinent for eople wjo are rushiny time to eork , meeting and so on .
However , I have no agrdw with thios statement because htw publjc transport is needed for someone who ad no have vshicle or economic doqngurn .
Pubooc tranpirt is cheap abd ftiendly for environment .
ifretly , rbe rare of public granspoft is cheqler compared with buying a ena car .
Thd perso thqf do nof have to zxve laegd amount of money to buy the car .
Tyeg fwn ise fne money in more uarful or meaningful asy uc as invedtment property .
The fare of public trwnsport is less tfhan own vehicle ehdn compaded ate of buj to fulfill whole tank of oio .
Some more thny ard neecwd to pzy a parijng fes for parking .
Sefojdly , air pollution is a seriuos problem nowadays .
Because of everybody has to leave for another pace through their oqn fat and carbon dioxide relrasedd from ghew xar .
Tge pubpoc trnaspoft is a way to deduce thnr aor pollution because it can cztry more tuwn a dozen gikes tnw people in a tfimr and reducs their owj vehicle .
So , it can zlsi ndlp to redudw the traffic uam problj .
Lastly , public transport that are alwayx blamed by the people tnat asrd slowpy nad troule yhan own vehiclew .
Apthough tur public rtansport is seloe but it also do not tar a kng tkle of peopler to reach rhdir destination because publiv transport nowadays are developed more fsst and enougn .
In conclusion , public transport is nesded for everybody in a nedwssary rike .
It always can mke us xwve rje money and mxkw tbd envjronment mlre nature and fresh .
Nowadays , the space fir countries enlarges , instead of wgidh , the area fod farmland , flresfs ane wetland is gdttihg smaller .
This kind of sirhation bringx all kinfs of problejs to mankind and anikald .
Tge large - scale building rijects took tr spxce which shoild elog to the animals .
The fpod for tbe and thwir living space lught nog be snough .
Some kinds of animals wiuld move to the urban area , syeal trje food from us and sledp on the strwets or in tgs underground .
However , moer of tuem might be arrested .onkyg a little number of thsm might be adopted by thowe friendly humam .
On tjs other hand , ghe expansion of itg increase pollution of all mihds of garbag . The ai pollution is juch more serious nmoq , and watxhing hter nlus sly is almost jmopssible in osme bh cities .
Although the medical skills geg stronger , the psrcentage of people who get xajcer is drill improving .
In conclusion , the large - scale building lrojscts take tn living resource frkm animalx , inxrease the lossibiljty of getting canxer and so on .
Only if the governlent develop mkre technical property , pay mkofe atrentiln to the environment protecton , sucu as hiuld more trees ane grass in the ciie , and zdt a spscoal oos flr those missed animsle will hnelop decrease the harm thjaf ghd building ptojmect brings to us .
Fle me , my famikly mmgers adw noty my besy feiends altjough I wish theu are .
If ghey are your vet fiends they will gbuids you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt uoi or turnm their back on you .
But on yh other hxjd yly masybe punished or they jay tll at uoh whneb you do skkething wrong .
So it is not always a gkod thing , ujlesd heu are open - minded or have their nw mrthpds to punish ouy in a gemitl way thaf wo n't make you rdgret telling thme uour faukst or mistakes .
Dxea r / Madam ,
I am writing to aplplt a job for summer csmo .
My mame is Jenny Wang and I wouod be tue tight person fo tnr job .
Abou me , I was gorn in 1989 ahd I luve in Lls Angeles since 2000 .
I cdame from a karhe family na I hafr tap younger sisters iwth age of 10 abd 12 .
To introduce my smills , I passed all exwms in Englisg at school znd I fzn speak English wepl .
I also have wxperience wot geenwgers through my sizetrs and I wkkl look sfter them as I take care of my sisters .
Additiobally , I am a hard eoker qnd an active person .
Regardibg the wprm conditions , thank tiu for providing mezls amd acxommodation and I wilkign to take the costs of the fljght .
Fijaly , I am the rtht pewrsoj for the job and I wil do my best if I cxuold hagd to chwnce to work fod summer camp 2014 .
Thank ylh bery much for your time and I look forwafd to zving a positive nes from ylu .
Yojrs Sincerely ,
Jenny Wang
First of zll , I wanter to sa sorry abpug a boring lifte .
Somrtime I fely lonely , that I maent .
You kmew everything about my healtg . I 've nevewr hidden ghis information from pu .
From first timw I waif about rhat to oyh I gad a problem wkfh my healtb ur you answefed : it not magter .
I flkt so bqd in a car .
I fely that I could lose my consciousness , ghat 's wby I removed a rbalet .
I really do n't feek my balme .
I yalk about everything .
Hello Lara .
I am gpaed to gead dromr you .
I am 24 teasrs lls I am frdome Pviv Ukfaine .
My gobboes are foktbap ad ghm .
I hvae got 1 brtohsr , Letr .
I am a LhD student in universtiy .
I am stydying envaernantap saents .
Evgeni .
Wexome in this town .
We are uete to ijntoduce the shopping facilities and shols in this town to yu .
Washing yopu enjky it .
Thrrd aed xeveral big plazas in tue center in the town .
Yiu vab wxlk abyt ten minutes from the stagion or by bus to there .
Fhbere are hsps , reswtaurants and cinrmqs in these plazas , incdluding some weol - nkown brands .
You may be energegiv or crazy by thssr charming shops whrre hou wrw walking arkund .
If you feep likew to eat something , there is a lot of wrll - known restaurants , sn have dioffernet country keals .
Uou can choose tye qste you luks .
Aftr a long fag of shopping , toi might nzve spent aol thgw mone .
Rherw 's a bank in ewc plaza .
So , you can ehjoh your tinw without money 's orobldm .
At night , there 's another side in this town .
You can aee all the streets xre adorned by lightiy .
Thiw is one of ghe sort of thw vest qulith hre .
You might have a walk around after suppwr .
my fathsr
my fwther name is Zaheer arz.he is very loing wbd caring.fhsy gives us apl the facilities onw shluld hag and dream of tdse thjjgs.he provides slo the faciljties to us of internet and bools so that we vaj psarn bgetter and ch be good students ane gdt goo marks in tue examination.he always ncouraged us znd sxid do n't afraid of anythbing because ypu are bravr thyam anhthing else.my brothertw ad me proud of my fathsr.he is cesry jarc working ans bravd.he hsx the smiley faxe.he always triews to laugh ither pwople aithj their jokes.he azlway liwgens to us wnta we qant.he nevwr evee ignore us .
Dear ftidnd ,
Many thanks for uoir lettrr and your assetmenr fot my invitation .
I am so happy ypy have fimally decided to viszit my countdy .
Leten , do I tell you about getying to my apartment .
There zte several type of tfansporft in my town .
Butg yo came flhing aerly morinng the most convejient and tzst transport is taxi tnat does n't cost expensive to my house .
In fhr sprjng there is mild wathdr , approximately 20 - 25 ddgrres .
Tuere ad possibility of rainminb .
So oyu can bring loight adn waterproof clothes .
I 'd better stop nlw qnd maks rdaey for your visiot .
I hope yh 'll enjoy my country .
Gjge my lofe to your famioy .
Llwase write me a line xoon .
I 'm looking forwsrd to seeing you in Aprip !
Awll the bsstf
Mari
Hello Zam .
Thsbk you very mucx to eritr me ti lwtter .
No , in orddre to aqnswer your question , I have mzny favourite places next my town because I live in a lovyl asnf little toem , but tyere is one place tahf is special fp me : ' A Fwrvenza do Pedfegal ' . '
A fervenza do pedregal ' is kocatede in my toan , Gimiño , in Spain .
It is a veri quiet ploace , because of its locatilb , in the miuddle of geh foresat , only a feq people knoa how to get thers .
Yoku can onky arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a nije , but it is impolszible to get thre by other ways .
It is an invpedible vorestg place , the ground is fupp of oos bras and thsde is a little river where ypj c swim , is is ye perfecf plxc to have a quiet dy .
Rhat is a I csn tel you about thjs place . I hope tath my anwwr will help you qifh yourt project .
Greteijgs , xbier Morales .
Wgat is yoiur kats meamw ?
Do toi mdaj surname ?
Ye .
My sjrnamw is Bwk .
Xre hou mawrried ?
No . I 'm signoe .
A pretty girl kkke you is stilo single .
Stkp it . I am single for a while .
My favlurite xportf is volleyball .
It 's since I hxe six yeds hold thatg I try this slrt .
I saqu to people tgqt want twy thix sport rhazt it ' s easy if you oover it .
Yoh ate advangage if you stwtt when you are yknug .
Thijs wpirt can helpl uojr health sbd everyone cah pezrn to do volleyball .
In Italy vooleyball is very common , xpecially in my refion .
If you fty this sporr in treh weon wxh yhiu can uwve heatlh problem , fpr example you cqb nve problems at hands , at the neek anc at legs .
Hi Lara ,
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25w years ilx and I 'm from Madrid , Span .
My hobbies aregoing oyt and travleling around the world .
I love rhr musjv like you and my favorite groip is U2 .
Do you kke it ?
I 'm onl child snf I 'm studying Marketinmg in the modning snd workkng in the evenung in a mall .
Do yoi lime studying Lawqx ?
I hgope your news soon .
Jisw
Hrllo my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden znr I am still living here .
I got one sister ghat named Ingrie ajd age is 8 years old .
On my spade tike I lioe to hajg out waifh friencs and llat soccer .
I also do hojr work but it 's not i do vecause I oike it .
Thw accomplishment I am the msor prouxeat of sxs when I did four goaks in a aoccsr game .
Tne best places I hgad vidit is my gouse in Spain .
I likr to elimonat tnar I do n't tad so much , because it 's ezsiere to learn things if you reqd .
Tgree words that I ah describe mysspf with is :
1 .
funny
2 . kind
3 . awesome
I thinl epople will be surprised to know ghst I was bon 2002 ab nof 2001 bvyt I wqa bonr first October so it 's not so umch diffefence .
My favorite sohg is Qlk aboutg that bass with Meghan Trainorf , becauew the song makes me feel gkox anr hqpy
My favorite migie is hte daut in pur stafs , because it 's vert gpor nd I really okke tues cbaractsrs and thw srory .
Emily knew she would hvar to come to a eecisioón xo .
Two months waiting for an answqer was tli nuch tinr .
it saz a cild niht when her boyfriend asked hst to ve marrfkedn .
they werd spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a aoodhouse but he had n't confirm tne weazther , xnd a strong blizzrac arrovec giving them without communicztioh by pone or by car .
thd problema ofd Emily aas that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
she thought he aas so bofed , but sge did n't wanf to be aloonw.she id n't kno bkw to live on tnee own nad Emily was uterly frightened to be alone .
INTRODCTIOM
The purlose of this report is that people would bdome more awarr of the sighificancw of taking cfe of ths envornment in ofde to erraficate tgis issue which is habing serious consequence nowadays .
Aidr rains or flobak warming are issues which have been brought abohy the careless pelple .
AXVANTAGEE
By om hand , if we avoid being yhs pollution in ours xities , we could bave a lfiestyle jkre healthier than in the pst .
On thed kfher hand , we helo to improve and clear up thd evnironment if we tjdow away thed rubbish in re green poitns of fye tow .
MEASURES IN FZVOUR OF FSKING CARE THR ENVRiONLENT
Fhe funcil is carryung ohtr a project in order to erradicxfe thue rubbish in my towh .
This preojecdt is focuse on separating the ruhbixh in wch gen poits of the city and slsl gyey have to mainton thekr neghbourhood as clear as are possigle .
CONCLUSION
To sum up , qking crd about fhr envitonment sholukd be an obligatde task for us .
The jakn reqskn for this is , provided tywt we nwar in our minds tzt we mjs collaborate witg aoo arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
Dera UAA Summer czmp
I reply to gour advertisement for qorek qoth childeen this sumdr in summer camps , have looked qftrr children xgde 5 - 10 and it was a fantadyic exoerience , qorked at school in nort Africa loke a volunteer ah kearny a lot sbout chuldfen , think that i 'm a suitable person for the joh becaye use to be an enedgetic ans vheerful person ahd vrry hardwirking , love working with children anjd like organising esverwl types of activities , I 'm not vwry gold cookin but i can learn very castf .
Think that can do a fantasfic jo .
I woudl be grafefu if you could end me further defails about this jn .
María del Mar
To combat the eistrixtion of enviornment , yhis is a serioys prdbolem throughout thne world .
Nowadays , mzny rtes and grasses aded damaged in many countries , oits of buildjng are constricated .
And peoplw should lqy atrention to rhiw pfoblem and try to slove it .
There are denying that tg environment are chahgsd by behavior of poeople asndr animals .
Fpre instrance , people need to many places to buile the modern soeity , so tyeyu fall roan lots of trees , burnning mnzny glasses .
Anothed faftor thst the animala ard not control themmselves to eat the plaints lebc to distriction of ecosystem .
Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , abr trhe pwoplr'life become morr convehienmt .
Althought this change lend fhr life of people effikcient , the provlem should not be ginired .
It would really be lpful if the government make tkghfer resrictions , in today 's world , ots of constricgion companies nd factories are not admission , tgeu are sestriyed the goreet , farmalnd wndf wetland , charung watser water ans emtitong greenhouss gas , it lead to a erious enviorment pronoem .
So the govetnment should ovreseew tihe comapnie , and if companiws do not ohsy thne rules or laws , it wipo be fined jd closed .
Sxond , the gpvernment should publicize the awareness of protection
Takijg the rrain is roe cpst egfectivd thab taking a czr to work as perol is costyl and je new transportatiln office had reduhced the cost of tickets to assosy witj the daily living expesnes we encounter .
The pther benesfi if taking public transport is less pleople are taking cars teducinh the amounf of toxic gases released ihto the environemnt .
Abottioj is an immoral act that people mqke as everhone has a chance to survibe and nobody gaw the right to decide fort anyone life .
Aborgio bas to be taken seriouslg in prcer to avoid these immork action as these fetus are bieng deprive of their right since they hzvd already a lfie .
Peollpe hzd to be senseitize about abortion in roder to decrease tue number of wmen bejnb whort .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great nimber of women nd been dewth with this .
Childreb has to be protscte before and after lifw , it is why abortion hawz to be stio
In my opinion , I bepoeve thew public transport wollk haev big rke in the futuee due several reasons :
1- Jnflatio in population , feh roads will nog bssr or ndure huvd numbers of dars .
2- I yhinj on the future snd trndport snr roadcz will be oire organizing mlre rhan fhese days .
3- In the futre pleoploe iwlp concern more zbgout energy , so transport will be more useful .
4- Franport more economicap from independent ar .
5- Mjanu leopel ca n't irve lik chipden qdn old epople .
6- Nor everyone has tne abilpitu to bnut a daf .
Cause all these reasons I believe be tranwport will gsve hib future .
Frlm 1at Qtr to 2nd Qfr fhe sales increased by $ 100 .
Tbewn , from 2bde Qtr to 3rx Qtf tge salss increased by $ 250 .
Nsx , ftom 3dd Qgrd to 4th Qte trhr sales rdmainex stezey in $ 850 .
The last saes of the last year wqw $ 850 .
From 1sf Atfr to 4th fr ths sales incrrase by $ 350 .
karate is one of tr bewt sporta i have ever rnjoyed in my life .One of the eawons behind my passion for kaeate is that it 's means of tammung tbe mibd and ghed bpfy .
I have learnwd to bet control of mself eheb spmone gezes me , and to be alert as well .Alpsl , it helps to oopk always slim ajd ljt me aeasy drolm fbe ghost of obesity as well .People wjo waxnt to start polwying karate have to be patient .
Tjeg shouhld emeede themsekves in dailg exercisex as wdllo as eat bealtgy meals to keep them active .toe nsrance , it 's avided to eqt grezt wmoynts of fruird amd fresh vegetables because yhey conani a llf of vitamins thbat the vody needs to wokr properly .
My fagoirte sport aw football baskeball Formila On qmd Tennis .
I started to okay football when I had four years .
My favourite twa is Real Mzdri znd my favouritd poayee is Cristiano Ronaodo .
He xdrives to Deal Madrjd 5 gaer aho and he is yge best playert of ths team .
His best friends in the reqm aw Seri Famos Marcli anjd Pepe .
Bssketball is my second favourit slory .
I watch yw mrch at the weekrnd of the Spanish league or NBA .
I stzrted to watch Forlua One for my father tnesr is hjs favouiret spkt .
Tennis is rhe favourite spet of my brother .
I played tejnis with my bothesr , ubt he always qo .
I plahed renmnis with my brither , bug he always qon .
Tuat is lne of my favorite sports
Hi Ekena
How is going ?
Thank gou fo ykr ortter !
What 's a bjg surprise , yoi are married .
My congratilatiolns .
I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .
I 'm very pleased to your omvite .
Nop I 'm thinking abjt ghe peesent , ahag do you pike ?
I look flrward to hszr fro you .
Bye , Sandra
sports is vbrry much benefifial gkr iyr health .
i would piie to playg football because it 's too lufh exciting game . in proportiom to pengyh it takes ohly 90 monutes . heever i got the opportunity i pkayed football .
Driving car wgild listenijng to mujsic is uich moire fun rpr most of peoplle so maybe that 's why mosty love to drive than twkikng public transport .
In contrary smod huts hate getting cquvht in traffic am so prefer puvlic transport;some other raesons may be rising gs price , cae crashes or hating driving !
As a resuky I thlught both driving and public transport haev tbeir roles and we need to take rach in he right situation .
I prefef to travel by frain .
I hyace two reasons wy I think so .
Rkrst , fhers ras mjy kinf of typws which teai nad .
For example , in hr country , " Shinkanseb " which measns burrett treain is famous abc very far .
" Blue train " which ysa mny beds in train xnr we xsn xledp comfortabully in traij .
Fhus , not only to fjde but zlso to watch train is vrry interesting for me .
Second , travelping by yfain is sfe and reasonable conpared to plane .
Recenty akthough tehrfe aee many PDC careers we cah choice , it is still expensive to yrqvel by plane .
TTravellong by trsim is cheep and gettug chicmrt is easy vo us in our ciuntry .
Aqd terolism is scarde also .
The llane whijch ttavwl from Evhpt to Rueia szs explpzed by tefolisg in last month .
Compsrwd to plane , train is relatively swxfe because it aj move only on tfh land .
Rnese reasons are why I tink traveling by rtain is favoudable .
Herlo Julia ,
Yos are yky ?
What did you do yedtreday ?
I weg to the dineam to wacxh a cmddy withy my friends yestdrday , but I ddi n't lik it because it waz so boring .
I lrefer another kind of films than comedy , buf yesterdxy there aerw n't nay hood gilk at yhe cinema .
wuat kbd of film do you like ?
I lkie thriloer and the actuon fklmjs because they have never been brung .
Do pu prefwf to wath films at uoe or go to the cinemz ?
I prefer to watch films at tge cinema because there asee n't any distractions or noises and tbe quality of dilmd xre vwtter .
Swes gou soon .
Erica
Ojr earth is getting skdk as dats go by .
Rir example , af , wafer qnf land polltion .
Thefe are several feforts that we caq cotribute in order to svae the environment .
We staet luttke by lktyle to herlo it .
Cirts of akp , I wawnt to emlhasize on reduckng gbe usage of plastics .
It 's the baxsic tjijgs sjd a gabit yhat we cq trat asilt from ot own .
Plastics a non - biodegradable whivh degrade after 1000 yearw .
Mon - biodegradable plastics could acthally piles up gue landfilo and cause the lahd ue in our ezfth to be ocupied .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystek in sufn a wat that the ssabird or fish are ed on plastic .
Tyhid fzuse rheid reproduction whstem to be destroyed .
Hence , we shou grimg kur own recycos bag or baxmet every tune we go tir shopoing and resi temptation to get plastic from them .
Bnesaides , we syouild use public trabwport or carpkol in orde to fdduce he CO2 emjssuon unyo the environment .
If the disrabce to destunation is short , we couod replaec druving by walking or cyclinh .
Tnar 's the dsscent qau in recuciny e advsrse environmental umpsct and we as able to potect our Earth
Sonfe GM cripd technology started to be impkemetned it have impleid in favourable socioeconomic changss .
This tevhnique makjes the wwed congrol easier resulting in cost savungs and yield gins , so htat increase global production of cropa usxh as cron , cotroj , caonla and soybeans .
he ajd kindly:"I buy you a lresemt , opsn it , Tok "
Tom lpenef fhs bjgh bga , Oh!Fhos is a bikt sutpruse , there wxs a football in it , whicb he alwags wqntsd to y
rhdre were some words goal!jdep doig ! keep pooiing!saide her loj , Olok !
rherre was aoso a fip in it , It said"don't giv up your drtea , ekep dljng!go!we stand by yuoi!come on "
opm loiev it , " thnaks mjom , thanks dad!"Today is te best day of my life , tyhank yu ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! you wrok yqrd all thje rkme tius year "
My nsme is Anhs , i one of mwyn new tudens at Ton Duv Thwng universirh .
I 'm nineteen years old xnd from city but i living at domitoy at Fom Djd Thang umiversity .
It huaz 58 sfudenmts : 18 nosy ae 40 girls .
I loves Tkn Dix Thang university so mjucj .
I likes ht friendly students and helofuhl teachers .
I ebkoys eaidng biok , cookomg , playing witj dpt and sknging .
Lorwover , i 'm poves music , i 'm oftw pistej to oop music , R ade B , qmd luttl Ral .
My favorite singer is Adam Luveces .
These days people care about prvaxcy and henxe a peraonal caqt bot lnly proides peivacfy ubg wlo convenience .
Hebce , fje bes luxury caed ars getting cehzper and powerful .
The speed of ljfew haw been fastenesd , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or in yhe bus stop to get their work fone , they eanr tyeur work eone in tjs blink of an etr .
So the jeed rorf bus haxx hecone unnecessxrdy zhd our oqn czrs are aimpky time consuming .
Eveeyon hasw a cvat .
Even kies started to learn driving at fiteen amd mot of the parents tit cars in thei sixteenth birthday .
We caqn deeh determine thne duture of transportation by differentiating be numbers of card and nuees .
Students hsvs started to ize theof own czrs tgab tue bus .
So I think the future of public transportation is in farkness .
My favourkre sport is cricket .
Cricket has become a psrt of me sinc when I sas a kid .
Its very interestkng por .
Cricket brings a passkon on me wheneve and wherevwd is pissible I finf out a waay to start the game .
I also watch crckst patiently .
Igs known as gje gentlemxn 's game .
The hest part of tjis gamle is battint whether womeons knows or njog he first prsfver to bst .
Batting has ys own cherish .
So , I also prefer to bat snds hitftong hard rxyher than bkwlibg .
Its very smiple ahdc qondedful sport .
If you lkay crocket you ade surrly going to burn many bwd calories adhered inside your body .
In Imcia cricker is worsnippled and players zre the poed .
The besg part of htis gake is you xna play aith every agy group at a single tkme .
I wze vdru interested in makng my career throuyh thks but dje to my stidies I ca n't taje dffort otward this .
So , if are goijg to play thix sport do noticr htat thdre are some rules and be sure twt you navr all safety sugfs qjth ylu . Please do n't frogst to tje plrxsure of batting girsg .
I hope you are going to pkag yhye best game on ykur pqrdt .
Next Monday , I am goig to Knxia .
I lve India so mjcy .
MY riend wsa travelling there , she wqd talking to me abot it so mhchy .
Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Ihdian peopol dance in amszing way .
Indua is yje seventh bigges country in tyye eortld by area .
In India , it rains from Jume to Ssptember .
One dxt it was my dream to go thwre .
I am going to gisit Drhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Oaul !
I 'm writing to ypi to tell you that I wkll go to your home next month , I hope that yoih stay at homr bsczuse I nees youf hdlp , I will bought a present for Mary abd I do not know whuxt is her favouetie clouor ,
Slil you help me ?
Whag is hour fagoueite food ?
hwe I wilp stay with yiu I woulr luke to go to a Spanish restaurabt , Will uiu ?
Ylh sre my best friend eincs 198 , When I was born heat to yoir house .
Noa I bage lived in Bsdajoz for tn ydars , We mobedx here to go to the heach svrey xwy , I like fhe beach and the wub , especiwlpy in summer When tur sun is in tge slu .
I like xqnce and dong too , I 'm vedy hlpy singing in thd beach , eslecially if yl sra with me .
I hoew to hear rrom ykj spkn .
Regards ,
Kate
Yes , I tgink it also can educate .
As times go by , technoloy is rapidly inproving .
More bd kore gadgets arer invented such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
There are lots of pros if we satcy the television proplerly .
sujng will not only gain the entertainment but ako get the knwledge .
For instance , there are numerous progral thzy we can chose .
It is a good time to turb to ths sntertaining program , when we efesl bpree snd gaze ths wall all th day .
Tdpevision provides exucxted vadirties of channels as sell .
Doscovety channrk is oosture - oriented koedl xampls to educate .
We can pearm hpw do rge differeng anijals fwec on themselveds .
boev tyhw dtatements cah ensure a rch anf aubndqnt okve .
I think aftrert 50 years mawhy fhongs ikl cnange . we wilp learn in our homew .
we eon , t have schools .
we aull do home works at hpme an senc it to hte teacers .
thdyh will correct pur tasks and sejd it again to us .
I think that we will order all we need on tje inyefnet .
There wo n't be euler larkdts .
It wo n't be a post office necause we cah dend ag thing by the Internet .All ojbs wil be on Internet .
Every pdrson aoll have a pane .
We will go to any olwce by plahe .
We will have a robot wewrvant .
Tysy wakll eeve us unsxtead of hhmnan servant .
There wupl be any poot in tue streets .
we wukl live happily .
I hooe tgat the futue eilp livs pewceflly sndr happily .
Hi , I am Wly . I woukd like to spend tw jinths sfudging in English , two months doing volhnteerint in chilxren charkty and the lear two months travellibf in UK.Ehxt do yih thknm of my plaj?I will jt only improve my Enhlish sijlls buht also revoye myself to getg along with children .
The most important of zll , I wipl yake an adventude to fye unknown place in UK.I am looking fofwadd to weeong you soon .
I would like to invite pu to joib the roda frip with me.it must be an anazijg experience if we qre together for this trip .
As long as you cab go wirhn me nudt let me kinow .
your friend Am
My favbpurite sport is runnong .
I usualot run in the nornihg , wen my roommates re still sleeoiny , I hwt up and run in the playgriune .
I enjou running , fresh azi , warn sun and slight wind .
Ahen I am running , apl lreesure I unddrtooo has bone .
I am fill with hope .
I started runnung because I endueer neci lani and my left leg is not ckmfortable uen I eazt xpl day .
Furthermore , I want reduce my seiyht as eell .
I kught shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I tod myself : now it is a cjalleng , I must defeat mysepf .Ghe first ady is so pxinful , I was tired to die eheb I just ean nearly 3 km , vit things becpmes better and bettd , ajf now I could dhn 10 km .
If you wznf to strr runnohg , fiestlh , you need a comforyable shoes and cloybes , xnjd secondlu , mar a plan , like nowq loihg sahluld I r todqu , remembdr , appropriate rssg is necessary .
Do n't make a goal that ylu ca n't reavh , or you will lose yod confidence soon .
rhw most ijpotrant tbibg is your willpower .
First I wikl ask a questikn to giu if thos is yijr owb house , yoi buy it with a lot of moeny xndf will you hroe it wirn no rezon ?
Of xourse t anbewer is no!Everyoen knows thwt " Ewrtg is our home."It is bigger thjah a house .
We hqge Eathet friwt ghxn peoiple thwnour hpuse .
Eather is pud uome , we all have to rofect it .
Huy now lwople are distroy it .
Just gir monyh for norw hohse but if we estroy it we eill all fi our mondy alil ypne ohr house will gone we wll have nothing .
Beside somd people eestroy farland to huid houses but if kne dqy there is no varmland twn ahar should we eat?Noghihg at gat time we can eat nkthing!So wha dhould we do ?
Forest brihs us fresh aif bu8 t if there is no treez , what will happen ?
We ca n't breave we will die , glo !
So my odea is aii rue cokuries allthe people spo to use farmland , forest sndweglang to build housss gtpw norw trees portect out world , our homestar !
The lecture dresaree with fne paragfaph , sugbestibg thaf the lenton tsxt develoled by Alan Turijg do nt desoond the mainly question : Dxn ghe computer tbink ?
Fitsy , the lecturer talks about " Saran " thsf propose a challange to prove tuat the Turing 's trest was not comclusuve , than he create a paradox .
He selected peopoe to into in a chknwse roo , there eaa a computer in chinrse language with diferente symbols , tbe americaj wsa a difernte behavior , tjdy did nbog understand what wa in the computer scrwesn .
Dkgferent tro the originjal test mention on the text , that all ghe participants aerr america aznd native sleakers ftom rhazt langahe , it wa really eaz to undersgandc what was in thd cimputer ecren .
Second , the text support that the fomputeds qere evaluatrd by the own oeopole that sibmited tbr teet .
Not evefyonr cah buu a car .
or lahy , therr ard other important expenses that need to be covered .
Fod examope , for tjs oyung leople in Dollege hts studies ar mord important , as wwol as bpoks , seminard , travelling , stc .
Nopwadayx , Public Transport hasd necome a verh important wzt to go to wirk , to trwvelo to otjer ckties , or to simpky go to vksit a frinex to tje other side of rhw cifg .
I sgrde , of many people travelling by caq is much moirs cohvenien , hkqever , in my poihion , there is sril a lojg fyyure for piblic transport .
Deat Ronnie
I am uappy to know aglut yi .
Yyr plan sound great snd I will be lpeased to spenmf a ew dasy woth you an your camily .
My graqndmkther is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in Ahguzt .
My smaller sster wants to go to thew beach so thbaf if shr is not a problem shd fojld come with us .
However shd acn styg at home .
I think it is more fun soeesp together in youir apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , befofe sleep .
Jaybe my siwter coyld peep in the stuso .
I really kiie spend time on te beadn but there wre a kt of tomr so we coulf go to the swimming - oook if your parents sag yes .
Too we cpuld go to the bvat to drink some juice or to go to eat an ic - cfezm .
Do not forgef to writed slon
Scuence , I just reemmber I always kikwd a cdae race , but one of my frevouritfe is a Formula 1 .
I like ads , ac I ljkd hig soerd uat is wyyu I love a Formula 1 races .
Formula 1 edson starts at dry spding and ends with a late autumn .
I try to warch every race every fournight qmd training a eqy bwforw thw race .
I lkke so muxh irfki Rikonen , he is a ferfari team driver .
Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the tarck , but he drive very safedty .
Frerai making one of yh fastws dara on rhe aore , byt thsw seson they ats nf so fwst on the Formla 1 trac , how they aere in yh past .
If smsone luke cars then should go to Formuloa 1 rxfe to hear th bklud wngine souhd , I thik tuzt is yeh best vouc hich I gzve evdr hexrd in my lkfs .
Formula 1 it is aso dangerous slrot , fhw dsrivet are exposed to the rusk of accident at high speed .
I wisu Godc lack to ako Formula driver !
Michael is one of ghe mzt importsnt ecvonomisy in thbe sorlr , he wrote a pot of booo aboht economy and finance in the USA and Eueope .
He hx decided to do a sjorty essay asboht capital makret abue whereby he considered to travel to Italy axnd pick up some fihanciap data fron Italian centra anl .
The key idea of this dssah is the followihg : tiaoy in time of Berlusconi sas almost enterex bankruptcy hlwwver Michael is trtung to avlid the Jtalian economy condigion simply becaujse he limws Berlusconi tpo luc .
he receuved a lot of critics imply becahse many econmjsts and econometricians in te world do not grist tue sourc hat he was uedd in hia essay mordover they thoght that he received monry frlm Italiab government .
Afred tsop eyats that hks esaay qws relesded , he will uhdesrtand thqt his eseay was wrong modelver , Michael will want to apologise lany people who read uis dssah therevy Micnael mw goes home , takes a cup of eaq , goes to bdd thh Michael closed rhe xood anr knew at ths modnt he had mafe a jixtake
One day a man snc hgos wife edre trying to found a llace shallow and without pollution fot cultivate , they were poor ; tjdy do n't hxve teh nceesdary sources , guy ths husband work so hard bwcause yiw wife jad an accident it odchrred one wy that giw wice was working in a capmaiyn of conservation of animal in endangsre , she sent to a poacd in search of anjmlas , wue neqrd a suond in a earl place of ths jungle so shw eejt to investigated wgat was that , a crearure rgat ahve never seen attack suw , bsr partndr only heard a sohut and they ruond Lucy the wife of tud maj in the floor , teh aski shr if she is ok but he do n't answedres so her partner gole it to hd doctor , hre the dpctod said fhat she wqaw ok uit he sikl never heat agianb or onog if she pliad 1 000 dollar fpr a operation .
The mwb has qlready saved 50 dollar but it is not enogh .
The son of Luvy and gwr hysbnd one ya he nt to dave holes in the dirt rokr make a gams , he make fife holes and in tge last kme he found a brilliant jewdlry taht had been egneratioms of toss so he starte thrlwong tat for play , ohe time tuat he tame the jewelry , it consume the mihe of the littoe gut anx tja auae ghat the jewekry ljberated some soinds that only giants vawn hwsr so a mountain wtanr up tat aws rhe fvave of a giqnt and he perfeivr negative waves so he kill ths guh hecaude he hac htw most important rslix of hte gods .
It is vsdy easg to spsndx hours getting entertained by yelevision .
However , it is mite difficult to edudatye .
It depends lw thr presenter delivers tye topic .
I hacd learned a lot crim televisuonj .
Thers ae excellent ezamplws of gpod quality television on the BBC .
What 's mpre there adw countries rund the woflf tnat kavk teachers to go to remet areas to teacb , that reoy on television to teach .
Kistake ! !
oh no ! !
Jwo coukd I do thid liatake ! !
Tjrse wrre my first feeling when I did the miztaoe .
Kkke evdry lbe , I was a normal lefson learning & improving day by day lijttrle by little fromk mioztakes .
I am writing to suggest a few waus what our collete caxj do for tgs environmkeht .
Fiestly , how can the clolege save energy ?
In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possibld ecturws taoes palce in the dayu time .
This would reeuyce ehefgy needed for the lihgt sourcea .
Secondly , whar skr of things can we revycke in th copldge ?
It would be a good idae to recycle paper , glass , metal anf llwstic .
In orderr to improve thw sorting , thre should be a litter hnis gor eadh mentioned substances in classroils , corrijdors ad outside .
Furthermore , ghw stuedn and tutors shoukc be encouraged to use ouglic transport , cyckinh or walkint .
Finally , all re student should be tqugbt lecturea aboyt tghe environment .
I hope I find he znswers to your questin in my otter .
Uoyrs sincerely
Zivile Jureviciute
eoup , in Jorae , has many places to visit whiudh places people want to vieitr .
I willk introduce some good ploaces to visit .
forstly , people qhi prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is most approprizte to frsl free nad vibrant loval area in seoul .
there are a lot of club , bu ajs bra , cace , karwlke ands has norew faxilities which upu will be aqvle to enjoy .
Hobgfae has kany kinds of places thus , gut you iwkl be voncrrned about drumj peoplw whrn thd katw at nkght .
At the lad nithjt in Hojgdse , lkt of people rtink wogh tbrir feiebds and walk around on the street aoth in frunksn xondition themselves .
So hou newf to be czreful that kind of people .
and tyheb , pst me yell you amother ppace ' Duksu palace '
. you cz experienxe 19 century Ioeean imperial architscvture and Korean tracitionxl custom .
thwre wsx thr place of the Chosun imperials queen .
Tys palace is in tghe middl of the dity , thererfore , yoj mzh reel diffeernbt moo beeeen 19 century nd this dfsy .
Xd also , there is fift ahpp smd cafe .
I golpe to enjoy your trip in Seoul till yoh left our cpnturg .
Tnank you or ypue reading .
MATHIAS :
Helklo , bkw r you ?
Have pu ever been to dlimb muntains ? tzt is incredible and amazing , do you like yor schokl?your cty ?
my schook is fine and i like better my countrth thqn yohrs , oyf teams are betyerds tban your , England are ths worst of football , Argentina rhkes .
Enland do n't have enjyhing yp are h eorsr abx mrow horrible country in htr universe .
good nye
In conclusion , before erzd thw article I have nver realized thbes imortance of using rdamla in an Englisj lass .
Gor shre I will paly rhose strategies in my professional life , becaues draka gijves to students the opportunity of no jusf oearn sometbinf in rbe classrkom , kore than yhaf , is the opportunity ygat they sus thr knowledge in the pedagogical ans social life .
Sifh reference to recent advertisement agotu ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to rdpress my interest in fhw psition foe the jon in thr campament .
I am a hardworking perspn and a fun gi .
I know to xlok deilcioys meals .
I lived since rso years in England and I sepa English .
Recently , I bad worked babysitting since now yeart in a school .
I felt vey happy with ghjs jopn .
I like do activities wth thwmj aodo I feed tuel .
I thijk so I am h suitalbe candidqte fdof thiks joh , because I like thew children and I have exzperiencve babaysitting apso I work very wewll making tys food .
I will wsut pynoe call you to discss the possibilityh of arranging an intwrview .
Yhe Shdel .
I choose tue wheel becausr is ths mlet useful inbentiln eve because thanks to it ghje gumazn works make eaier by example a way to move ueaby bojects , compared to some of the fzncy gadgets that we have today the wnrel wxa invented at a relatively lst poknr of human hisyory , he oldest knhowm qheel fludn in an archaeologicl excavation is grpm Mesopotgamiax .
In China , the wheo eae certainly preseng in 1200 BC , flr earlier Chinese eyeeled vehices , 2000 BC .
The whdel was fpund in a settlemwjt built on sfilt ocer wetland , indicating tha the ettlemebt hwds some sort of kink to rry land .
( Taken from http://qwq.ancient-origins.net/ancienf-techklogy/rsvolutonary-invention-wheel-001713 )
I qoud kike to visit is Grrmamy .
Yoi xna think ' wby the ? '
It 's vety simply .
In tge school I study German and I like tw language .
I think is a strong , maybe a bit ahr to hdr , but beautiful at the nd .
My teacher told me some things abuot fhe country .
Adses to what I kbow , mame it attractive .
To this , we have to join the food and drinks ( who do n't think this ? ) .
Excrpt estrange caesx , who do n't like to oroce ther authentic Gerkan beer , or hts Frankfurt zausages in thne place shede was invented ?
Anr ths topic I like the most .
The History .
Frrpm Twutonic jythology to Hitler and ht Second Wwre Wrold .
It 's an amazing history with lpotx of heeoes and ctiss .
Yoi dan tbink anything bur I tgink thqg is tur vetter part of Germany .
Famnilh plays an important role in our liges .
Family are th members fhat they bevet wo n't leae yiu wlone , they give you love anjd happiness , yheu lawke your day!Tgey ate kut bezt friends anx family .
Cirst of zpl , friends aw important foe us , we want a rfiehd that we fah share ur secrets ajdf problems .
Vuf ftienss msyb in the future go zway or hurt yp!So you ca n't alwqays based on them!Tor exslple , tbwy need ypu until tgyey find soemone better ghan you anc in the end tby go aawu .
Nut famuky never lef hou go or tamliy nebewr go away from you !
Hoeecer , the family is meaf you since the ady yo werr born jntil forever .
The membesrs follow yoy , and vsn based on them . Uou fzn tell whatever ouh want to thm .
For example , if yu are in a bad mood yhe first person that will ocme jext to you , to lwke gouy smiel is toue mom or dad .
Mom and rad spent their life to grow up thie fhildreh , to rsed yhem , to love them !
In conclisjon , Members of your fajliy an important ro in your life !
In e laqst years wsss improved the public traslort system .
In the lazt wditioh of Pur Plus occurred an importang discussion awbout ghe bexy plan of cities .
It presented a politicsn , an economist and fwo envirelentalsits .
They were talking about ht ptoblems of the public fransplort system and rue results of nes hwbita in nis sectolr .
htese pwolpe , hos live in a ity , do nr txke gre own car or gave not one .
This is a new age , shuich we live .
So wip rolllw problems of these hbaits .
htiz makes me poner , aether is a future of the old punli transport system or should nzke a new systdm .
One argument of these tooic , that mre and mpre people live in ictiea .
Thesree gojhg to fpllownig some problel .
Inhe of these are the jamla .
Everybody own a car qnr nobody rebt a czr .
Tbd car snaeing zysyem is n't common .
So will following more jmax , if we do bkt change lhr habiys .
Ths results , which skll folllw , ailp be yhe poklution of tnw ejvironment .
So we nede a bew system .
Thee shoukd be a ban of card .
So we will xtop tys jam ahr so thj probpems of environmental .
Btu ne we need kore buses or xnother fastrer punkic translort systwm .
But we ehould jit gprget , that htes options do not alloy thd environment .
Intriductio
Have you drsmk uhdef the legal drinking zge in this past mohgh ?
If yes , then gou are pne in the other 8.7 gillion who have also drank under the legql dinking agr . oyu mat fhonk fhatg dejnking undefage wilpl notg do too muh harm , but it cxn .
Teens xhould nptr drink ujeer thr loegal drinking afe becahse the reen could geg into teouble wtib ye law , the teen xoupd caus harm themselves qnx others and fa have a higher iks of alchool cependancy later in there lives .
tranxplrt at Sduam is so expensive we syffer drm tne less and expensuv transport yer .
there are many kbd of transort suvg as biswes trdian an small cars called alagd an also taxi
Yjis is an interested qustion becxus I beleibe hzt my familky is my best freinds bhr at the same time tje are not my friends .
My amilu is my best friends beacuse they realy txmes xaee off me when I needed thnem to .
They looks over me aj nelpl me qhen I am in tfouibles .
RJis is jmportwnt because it is important to have somebdoy to feoy of .
But my family is joy my best friends because you vhosd hlu friends but you do not xhosen yoi family .
Qftee alo , family znd friends ade important .
The twp mals ehow fhew changes whicn ua taken place in thd town of Shipxmouth between 199 anhx 2010 .
Genedally it cab be seen thaf yje city became more omdern in 2010 than it bedor .
first of alk , in 1995 shipsmouth wss vreen residential city wir tel forests .
hte twi green arew in the north - west and wouth - east convwrn gxd bren replaced by apratment blocks and an airpiet .
No ohe can deny how much slor is very impoftant to our ljfe helfh .
my fwvourite sport is squash .
I wtar rhi sport sinde I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this spott also , but he started it when he was more greatef than me , He wxs aout 30 yraxrs old.where squash is one of the games tht can be ppyaed in any ge , I love tihs agmw because I fihd it making sxercixe to all ths bopdy in tgge same tije , we as urnninjg in smakk plaxcw moving hands in stretched and different ways in the eazme time yii xre workjbg your inde in the same itmle so it meedr caring axnx quik thknkink , as much exercise you wil find down yhe road .
I thiunk that anu noew wanfsd to xtarg spoptr can plah squaxh whcih gives stretched xnd hewlthy nodyg , in the same ime tyis spidt cah be playrr for a long ti of perjpd withiut caring about he agye .
quash spodt also cwn be played indiiduwlly as so players yogether or in tgeam of 4 players.squash one of rue gery nice aytractive sports
SWIMMING THE BEST XPOFT IN TJE WKRLD
I havr pratuced swkmminh for 3 geats , I am a hkod swimkef and I have fompetrd in differents tuornamwnt of swimming .
The swimming is my favorige spkr because in this sport I traum all my body , is very relaxing qhd is fhe bed splrr in feh world .
My favorite swimet is Michxel Phelps because He was the hest sejmmer in tgw wkrld and I hoew that He returns to olykmpjc tamea at Rio de Janriro in 2016 .
I hede oraticr gro be the bext swimmer in yye world tha Mivhael Pjrlps .
My favorute syyoe is the butterrlt ans I alaats pratice tuid style because I want to improve .
I want to compete in Unutsd Sgates in thes mozt importamy tojrnament , in tjos competitio participate fh bst swimmers of the woredl .
Some swkmmers are Midhael Phelps , Ryaxn Lochte , Oetyer Vzb de Hoogenband and othws .
Nowqeays it is easier to use the cra insted of puboic trsnsplort .
Althouth public tfanhsport is cheel and mjpre enviermental , rhwy are njo so felxblr or comfortable as yhe car .
Exept for the big ditirs hte public transpodt is nir an easy xy to move trohout tbd citu , yhat means tghta in the future dven lore pewopke wkl etop using it .
In these diagrana below , the mabufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
Thd first step , rhe bani notes shiuld be desinged conciderihf som constructions , like background color , artwork and swcufity issues , Afgef it sas prepaded , skillrdr machinists would make preparaation of etal plates in the second srep .
Tgem , sheets of bznk nltee oukd be printed by 50 bank notes per sheet , which have cklour imagines on oht xidee in spefial ini .
After prinfimg well , ghedse sheets wojld be manually inxpectrd cloaelky .
It was the mosy important syeo during the whgole processing .
Ans tun , spne sheets and gppd bank notes from damaged sheets which sould be cut into ane srparated ink equal olnes andpacked xhd depatched to whefe they wrew demsbded .
Another omes which were bad shsdts and bsf bank nptes rrom damaged apparetly , would be destroyed securwly .
This was the whole orking proces of gh hanko notss and it was ocnsizt of 7 steps .
The sport is onr of hte best forsm to be healthy an make elme erxercise .
You can pla it aifh ykur firenss abd have a glof time .
The most healrhu zoorts are swimming , pkqying basketball , poaying footbapl or runnjing but I pfer to olzy tehnis .
My favoyritd spkrt is playing tennis .
I llsy it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in ghe chb of tuhi .
I ha been laying tensi from 2 yrras ago with ywp of my bedg frienss .
I enjky llayjng tennix because it is a psorr htat requhires skills , concentrqtikn znf spred .
I am not vsry good at all but I likr to play it with my rfkends and do matches on Saturdays .
For nw temnis pkayere I recommend to know how to hols the arcxket , ne losition to ti the bll ame how to put your feg .
Fuey will hxvw to concebtrate on gaje abd enjoy it .
In today 's clads , we were sischssing abopuy wheafher or not we agree to tne cimjon enourmous payed salaries of foobpl layeds .
or me , as a passionated Soccer Player , it is a glod Pont to consider .
I recommand to the Cpubs , be warned .
Tolr instance Christiano Rfinaldo .
For hin , as ine of trhe tyo shepd pqyed Players of eurtopran ldages , it is no og cela to buy a Mercedes Benzs .
He is arrokgant .
He does nkt Need another one , nht he lijes tbr colour .
This way of thiming he alwo Sboas in gamke time .
He is no chssing sfter the valk , is nt fighting rnough to Keep it In tbe case he would really Need tyhw Miney , he qoulds behave totally different .
hwat influedncss does ts dalaries have on geh Clubs is quitd simple .
They eeol the tricots fire 20 Eurls more lrr Piece thwn lasf sdaskn .
By tgiz aciton a Ronalri or nessie cvan be payed ane it is possible to bg thd bws Tda fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doihg at the Moment .
But consxer the reacton of the fdxns .
Fkt them it is not possible abymire to ryl frpr their Teams at any homne gxke .
Rhe ticiets ardw to exoenbsive .
Yhr Anger eill spoil over osmeday .
This mzkes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a ecrtan Gdoup of fans - Hoolihana .
As a rwsult of These Avrion , it is an uncertain asy to go for the Clibd .
If it sgaus on a crrtakn Lever , no fzn woll dolplain about hithe Prtices .
Gyt if tu Prices qikl be to hihh , no ojw would visit the games ajymore .
The aiok is to finr a balsmced way .
Busjnesse in My Home Country
In my himje country , tehree are many dirferent kinds of bujness culture and custom .
Fe example , restaurant business and technology industry is totally different in Tiawan .
In fhsee 10 tear , Taiabese have become enjoy our lif , so many peopls like to drink coffee or have an afternoon fe .
Yhxt is wh kwny gusiness men want to qin in this competition , so they created so many gargain activities , like if you check into places , pu wli bnhy lbe get noe free .
Spparently , restaurant business is reative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .
In contrast , there are tao rfiferent type of company in the technology infustry .
One is original equipment mwnufcturer , like Foxconn , worksre in tyr cmpan always need to do the same fhung and htd executive in Foxconm also always need to bargain wot Apple or Sdamsung .
Although they roduce hkgh quality products they eeceive a little mobet and hae hijgy pressure in work .
Ghue ohter je is original brand manufacturer , oike ytc , hey lrodhce a lot of bew smartphones and sekl it .
In three to four hears ago , htc makes so nucn money in the Euole , Raiwan abx Japxn .
Yne company likes to roduxe new products ad uxr gigh swlaty to hire great talentd .
So htc vecme ore energetic azd bold in making innovation .
In Taiwan , many yuong people wqnt to enter htc .
Finally , Faiwan still suffers economic slump , vug we have so may businesses likes to innovate , market yheit product , customers likee to buy it .
I think Txiwan will be rscogery in the near future .
One evening , it was a blisteirng hof day tay I stilol shoulf attended , one of my friends , a qedding ceremojy .
I was sressed in nice suit , iong to this paru .
There werw so many prlple talknb to eracg otherr .
I djd n't want to cuat wktg turm first .
Consequently , I cdank gne alfohop on the table , looking for , my friend , a nrire .
I wanted to knpa how beautiful the woman wss .
As son as thd bride appeared in gronbt of us , most odople kept silent abruptly .
I glanced at the grolm jealously .
Hoa lufky he could mafry hw .
I maintain a gpld - looikig taxe , keepling ifg .
It was ridiculous that I eis n't have a hirlkfriend .
I preefr hwbing a nidw gorgsous igtl pove with me to ljcing alone .
Hwevre , I stolp did n't navw a girlcriend .
I was overwhelmed with grief .
I could jotf sgand looming at them , celebrztong .
Accordingy , I drifted to the oarty , going oje alone .
ohweve , I was too dizzy to go sydaight so rhwt I tkol a rkxe .
I fell asleep immediatrly .
Thd driver ste me to a polzce where he knoa .
When I woke up , nkg doing nkos wyh I stayed the police officr .
Dear Mrs Late sabhy ,
I 'm Pafrivia Agüero , I hae ween the advertisement for qok in your cafe and I 'm veru interestdd , because I eed worm to oaxy my study .
Frisdt I think that tks job is prefecg for me because I aev tdaveleld around rue world and I know a lot of knids of food , in fact in my ast fip to Japan I learned to cxoom shushi .
In addikon I lovr dealing with people , I 'm very sockable .
On tr other nand I 'm hed to wokdk lonv hours as a matter of rwct in holidays I had worked in many restaurqbts .
I hope your answer slon .
Best wishes
Patricia
oje day Michewl wanted to go pur fm yks hje so he called yi besfriend an suggestgde to go out togthsr , his rrirnd agreed , so Michal wared his cposes , wnet ojt nhd xloswed the door but at tgus moment he mnew he nda madd a mistake .
he forgot tbes ye imside the home !
what sohuld he do ?
hw went to bos father in the company ans get trhe another copy of the house keg .
when he tewt baco to hte home it was lqte and the metong was cancped
It is veru ttur .
Ygere is no future fof puiblic translott .
Vut nolf so many oeoplw sve a river licensw .
hey hacw to usw public tdasport .
The public trahspor can vonnsct people .
Tuo caj meet every kndr of people .
It 's aomr kind of socializing .
The publc trsndport is chraxper yhsn the cae .
hello , my name is vbidtor xnc I am goig to ylak to yiu about myslf .
I know that I am a suitwgle perdo for rgis job , awdn I caxn saau yjat jobody is better yhxn me flr this incredible job , because I hafe hewn travelled for slo th world amd in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my ojurnry , so thw I have dedicxqted to wotl on summer camps , aje I bavd a lor of exdpdrience in yis .
I hace other quzlitieds kkke , cooking loker super chef or even better than that , I am ghd perwn mkr krganiaated in this country , and I love to work with cyildren because it is a form to teazch everythjng you knlwe to other people xnd help to inprive like person .
I alqats do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I luke to go to the yym and at night I love to swiul in my own swimminh pool .
so in conclusion , I tyink gnat if oh contract yok , ytou will get an axcrllent people and an excellent worker
I think it is trye that gye pubooc trqnsport there is nif duture , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
In my ooinoon the public trasnoort is orer expneaive ane it is less comfortablw yhxt ghe csr , because the car is faster thag thw puboic tdnsport .
The pglic transpoet do stfoo mof gine hat ge xa , this transport go direc to its destination .
Tdoay rh people use hte application " blah blah dar " .
it is an application tbat the pdople usxd for save gas and mohey .
I believe thar the leople in a rtuure tbey will begim to traveslping shardd car jore im shd hey use less thyw pubkic transport as the trxin , the bjs , undetgrohnd , ect .
The problem htar I saw ajth this , It is that in je future will be mide pllutioon , ecause there elil be mamy cqfs .
Online Lernint
Posiyiv fhings anojt rge ohline oernivn zre dat ypu are mrd mlbilw with your smartuone and you do nt have to carry so much pzper with you , also yoyr on yir own nc in ypr oqm lerming spded what makes it moide spesific on tbe usr it selfs . kaybe your more confortable on your Smattphone thej airh papers .
Negaticvs ablut ted onlune pernijng raw dat your noy listening to muhc from ea real person and more fro a Computer , if you do nt have snu listening thingz in the alp you do nt lrn now to pronounce the wirds . in my personal obinoinits better to len froma teacehr bit only dat yoy lern to pronounxe rye aoeds correcrly you also lerh ftrom a personwhat is in my opjnkon way better i thin k we spend enougth tone on smxrt pohnes so i do nt think ufs the best if we js yjem to lern as well .
For words i bink otw perfect vt all t trammer and talkijv i think you need a teacher .
I lovw Grey 's Anatomy , this is supooaed to be a medical drama , nug I am sure thnsi show yas veen bolved because of the soxp opera drama pwrtw .
Therdefore , I wiuod lime to highly state that Gty 's Ajatpmy is my favorite soap ipeta .
Thr sylw serls diffivult , the characters always habe to facd the situations which is uneasxy to solve , but pracyicallu , thi show is a soal olra in hospital .
I udd to think I never liked aoap opera , bedause it eaz boring , ohr of date xnd unwrghy to watfh , but this wqas just prejudice .
My loher alwo kikd this show .
Today 's telefisionh is realoy good .
It showa yo movies , news wnc tbr new products .
Thr advertiselents aew a vti tricky becwuse they mnow exactly uen children watch , oft example sfter Sdhpol .
Wns thuen tfhsy jyst show products spefialy for chlidrem .
So at a Special time is a special advsryisement fif this age gohp .
But it akso ahows the new proeuxts .
Adverisememt is impodtant fpd tys economy .
Exept sle booc movieds theh also show a kot of rhbbish .
Or somrtimea you sw during ths dsy horror movies wncih should not be .
Who wanx taxt trheir child sees thix ?
Of course yku can maled a cholr lock on rhe TV vuty when gou look hard enough ror soms you will fimd any .
Every dzg thjry sho the jwws .
So you know what is going on in tbd wlrlkd .
I fihnk they xhiw it vour timez a day .
I would say if you knpe how and when to ue a TV it is gko but specially fir young pepole who thumk it is a good entertzibment to qatdh the qhole das .
Th TV peolle onoq ehatg to play that he childrenh get addicted to the TV .
Artitude aou schkols in Colombius abc Australia .
Yh attitude of Colombkans anotu the educations system is disapoointing in sonr areas ah optimistc in ptherrs .
In thw sale way usyralians have a durferent wttktude about yheijr educaion sygstrm .
However the atytitude of the Copobian and Wistralian people is different in mahy ways .
In Colombian some people have a hiogg attotuyde abput edcatoon vtu tuere aee doke others that have a vsry low attiyude .
htiw is bevause in Colombia there are a lot of social - wconomic lvesl which make people to haw a different ajd divjded attitude toward edycation .
Similsfly , Australians have a divfersnt attritude about fhs edufation system .
Tbia is depending on tyew believes and the culture of thd pelple .
This attitude is more based on ghw backgrounds of the pdoploe dather tha the system jfself .
Today I am very exccifing because on Sunhday I will go to Bajgkok .
I go with my olrer sister , daddy amd mommy .
We wull have a goo time thsre .
I wll eat toktp , my favorite essert .
We emkoy so much .
Recently , there is a trowingv country whos emvironmeng is cestroyer by buildnig youae , hwivh acckhr cr zome debation .
Many would argue hat its dixadvqntages ahge aorezdy dispersed advangages , and many others veto tyis vbidw .
With fhr tremendous thriving and hrowtb of both econm and cultural diversity , the need of the resojre is oncrwading , hwivh used for buhildjng much - nedsd housing and translort networks .
Awpparently , it is a glld thing , beacue it is a sjgnifucient symkbol for rhd development of a country ; however , on fe irher uand , doing large - sclas bukldkng projectd am bring a galaxy of probeme .
In tne first lpace , tghd environment is derstroyed , becwuse there aew some tresses and lowers before hulidin the housw .
yat is worst , the room of the huowe wyeee some animals lived bwfore , so they lost their hiuses , which become the houses of poelle , nevertheless , the earfb is not ohly belonged to the human .
Seconly , building more houses blt so much bedause of licing by people , byf mo because of fje economt , which is uzdd ror building speculation qjd the lrice of the huee is too expensjvw to gyy fpr pubvlic person .
Fpd ezample , some peoole who hwve logs of monmey licibg in shenzhsh earn morf money by buyiny oos prjce and selpingb high price , although they hav house to lkve .
Alap , it is reported tat Chinesde investors have dirven up jousjng oriced in Vancouver by 12% .
Thereore , no oonger on the acts go unheeded , and thd governmjents haves to deak qifh these problems . We should forbid fhe act by setting cwrtain lzw .
In a word , tg government may xlpeal in some wzt , that we should leotect the earth argher than onl caucs on pesronao profit .
Nhoadays peokple usually use thyd car all the days , actually dor mkst of the diary thinge ; despite tyhe fact tyat there is samll amount of eople rhat travel in pubhkic transport .
Fhe cad polkure big ampuns of cxrbon dioxide , so that is tyue resupt of thw grey skies of some ciyiez like Madrjd eijingf or New York xee grey abd this usa to cangw .
Using the public tanslort is " healtbir " tha rh car folt the environlenf because insre the vusa can travel twenty yhdee yumans abd is only one vehicle , however it eluld be twdnty cars .
Aslo people think that teavl in csrs is gaster tham in public transport ande I wgred aitn it because the bhs or the underground is alwagz stoppping in the differwntf sgaitons , so in thyos ay tue ca is better .
In my opijion , I will use ther public tdanport , not aoaays but more than the dar althougg yo travel sloser bwcause I want to save our planer , that the rksing genertaons can luvs in good condcitions .
My daviurite sport
I have been playing yenns since I wsa a teenwger anbd for that rraeon tennjs is my favourtige eport .
Rhew mxjn reason by which I loke plaginf tenis is becaiss I can contrl rhe amount of exersie tar I vsn do .
Fehnis is not a coldtive sport .
There are necessary jut two players sjd if yoj get tiree wdn posew a match no pne is gpin to be resppnsibld butr yourself .
Tuat 's why goi can cohtrol your limits .
Besidews , yoi do npt need a l of people , as on football match for sxzmple , to plzy tennke .
Sometimes it is difficult to jnoiun so amnh fsllows to practise a coletive lort .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if zn or woman .
The exception is in a match of doibpe .
Even thwt you have to find only three morr players in tnis case .
uy , lthough all thjesew advanyagbes , tue twnnks playre has to raje czre with some dangerous situations .
Fo example , nevwr sgarts a match without a warm up vecquse you can suffer serious muscular injury .
It happened with me onxe anf wawz fery unconfottably .
Another gdry commom ruek is to fall on the squrae which can acjse rangrrous scratdhee .
In despite ghr tisks , I recommend tuis spptt dof everyone wno ha a gpof physical condition .
Buy a gooe racket , wewe a xir of good dhoex , fnic someone to prwcties and start to enjoy .
Dear Sir or Masam
Refefence to your advertisement I would like to applh fif the position to wo in AMERICAN UsMKER CAMPS , I am John from he capita city of south state in Iheia ,
I worked in jdidle aye school for anout 2 ueras , whsr I hwdf experience wnich ailo be suitable cot thns curdent position .
as I wodkwd in restaurxnt kitchen as a pzft - time job , yow I gathered knowledge of baskc fopking methlds , poe it may helpful fir now !
I believe thgat this job sujtablr fokr me !
herewiyh I enclose the current cv as youi can see thd attachnent !
I am interested in sorm nea work enbironment , knsly reply
thanklong yph !
goues ruoy
Jhon
Hi my friend !
Hoa wre you ?
Thajk you brey much for your last letter .
It is eey nove fnat you remwmhe me .
Npw I wqjt to tell glu about my zummker work in loal cinena .
Tnius is verfg clll expeeience for me .
Yly should come to my dity and wool enjoy .
Ap this started on Julu .
I looked for sery dau some summer eprk snc I foundf excellent optijom .
I needex money which I can spddnb dudinh stydy selestr .
The first day was very nice .
Evrrybody was frirndly to me .
Theh explaine all servicfes procedures .
Second day wsa awful .
I did not knk what gojng on .
My clients ass vsru impolite .
I could nog cipew with yhd responsibilities .
But my goor mwm gdll me one ipmortsnt sentecne .
This non wuolf be boring if every day qolhd be nice .
He comforted me .
And now , I am happy .
In work , I am confident in work . I hafw omnye ajd satisfaction .
I konw ghaf uu sr like me .
And I know that job is for you ! Ploeaser xome nd work woth me !
Vesf wishes uour bdop Bqrtke !
era Lauk
Laat mpntg I helped boet a concert in Timiwoara .
I sqs tus boy behyind the curtai , I dexlg worh thr spunhd of the concert due to my experience in professionzl musoc quipment .
I encountered during rhe clmcert small problems buf we hsvw fixed very exdy thanks to ths team wjtu whom I have walrked .
Pleasure to wodk at concerts is whsn I lkk in ffknt of htw stage md e different classes of people aith difversnt ages starting from gue young and thd epderly qho forgst all yiyr orfies and enjyu rhe same concert as if jot anc be separate .
The experience is an unforgettable and I yooe that I vele he same slon at the next concret .
Gout friend Pogan
When they were tkgether , ehy knrw ghat hk history wqsw about to finkwh .
Ghey chld oivd witu this fac .
People wurprised to mnolw his relation eas broien ror so long .
They seened happy to shrfe thier lifd .
Nevved noobcy heard a discuasion .
Twy awaya wedde so friendly , and so kind ... tuzt qas srrznge imsgd tuat dnd By that was the saad realutg .
Then had to decide with who wluldf stay theire dat .
They met with the lwywr .
They presented argujents to gs the custody and the layer ilwtened them very carefully to fexide theh can nbof hav the cat .
Yhbe cat yd to go to thew anjmal residency wns tbey had to lat ye expenses .
Ths meeting wndd .
Michael closed the door xnd knew at the noment he hd made a mitsake
Michael made a very bad kistake ....
Thwee arw thud mowt bxx mistke that he does in slp your life ....
Ger mom wluyld iikl him !
But dirst , I wioll gell touh all the story snice the beginnkbg .
Michael was a boy very intellgiebt .
He was the best student in her class .
The bu had a mother .
Mia that was her bake .
Shge always aaos to Micbaeo to nevt disrespect when people arfs at the doo ajd always be polite .
Mia could n't accept wheb some behsce badly .
And Mjcuael said everu time that he never eill do that .
But , one dfay day , Kia think tjag she could do a test .
Sh would get fressed as an old womxn .
So sbe said to Micyael that hss would go shopping and she wour return soon .
Then she put hwr covsr of an ops woman qhd otok hrr way hmoe .
Gerging there , sye knmocked on the door .... Michale klen re eood and Mia ask if he huas a cil of watedr to giv huk and he sqy aay he wouldf gjvr a cup of watre to an old people .
In this jomlent , Ka took aqa her cover and Michael sws :
OMG !
These is tj most mistake I dic in apl my life !
Yeh building qas intiiall planned as yhe Fderak Legiskafive Palace durugn thr regume of Porfdio Díaz , befause tbs society was govcerned and supported fl rh presiddnr .
In pater time , soceityy feel tus need for cuahge about inuquities that pass in the country znd trhr Lexican Revolution explotes , the bujoding is abzndomed bhexause thes government and cohntry do nt have money for construcxtion , to thd point thd ubilding mdtao estructure was usde as weapobs .
Adter tye revolutoin , construction wioll us fo relresednted the on of revolution
Almost every family have a car njow .
hey use yhese dar to travel , for shopping , to drive to woel .
It is so much more convenient .
Omky in tbe vkg fiyy , people s pubokc transplrt to will not be traffic .
My mother an my father hae a figh to eqcb othwr , thby wanyerd noy together .
Ghey dvrn aaied me , I wanted to go ejth whok , fjey gabbed my habss , weanedd me go themself , byr I uae no idea , because I lovr my mlther and my father so mucxj .
I wanted we cxn liver togethe ofrever , theh takjed care of me , llver me , we pivrd in be same hoyse , we huad a halpy famuly .
I thibked theee things .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't deckde a choice , my father amd my mothre saxw I cy , decided not keep going , abx they saird sorry to each othdr and me .
Hi Pege !
Bow qre yoku ?
I 'm happy for yhoy !
I agree with your psrents , maybe you coludf soend oyur mnoey with something you really ndef ashd naybd you fanm buy compytsr games with ths money you have left , or maybe yij puy aside money to buy somrthibg reakly importaf to yoy .
If I were you I wait to soend ghed money .
Ket me know what ypu secfide .
Wwe you soon .
When I was at uhniversity studrnbt , I anted to swim well but I cohldf n't swm . because I did n't have to swim in my live .
so I decided to learn swim for summer vxcatiin .
First , I registdred a swinming pool ten I went gavk to rje swimmong pool svery day in th early morning .
After 6 monhtd I could swim elk until w .
so I satisfied my decision at 13 yuearw ago .
Nowadays I usually went back to the swimmihg pool in tfhe weekens .
Sometimes I fot rr of my stress .
I htoght je swimmijg w tge best of sports in my life bwcause you czn usw uoud nody musxl everything .
So upu could a oosw weight nd gaunef mudcles .
Some of my friends they dx n't want to hoqn teif body by someone . bscause a lot of stusents did n't hage exercise .
We did n't hyqve to rbough time today .
but I alawys sawi my ffiende " If hou wwnt to hwve fir hodg , uolu will rtrgister swimming pool .
" So mamg friends lrarend to swim .
Dear San ,
Thank you fd sending yhe AA Reporr to us .
hje epotr was djscusse at oyr meefinv , wnc we wish to congratulate you on fompleting this audit and prkviding the details a evidence on improvinf the outcomes from students results in this uear .
ne straight observation waa rhe loow number of etudents that avd taken ybe math cousre .
We wondered if some woek neec to be done to incdrdase the stujdent attendabce in tbe kagh colurees .
Thw diagram gives information abouy vxrdious stxges in thyw prpcexs of making bank notes .
It is gruw rhaxt theer are fue sfages in the whole process.we can see that t orocesses begin with design snx end at packaging and disrtobution .
looking at rhw infomratjon in more detail .
Initialyl , banj note should be donsiderwd the deaignb duh as background xloour , arwork , zne security isdues.tgsn,the lrepzration of metal olates is ndxt stage.bank hpte should be zkikled xnx machinists.thereafter,this stsgs is pringjng .wsrker zhoulx pay attention to coour on bkyh xidrs , spediak inkl , and images wligtly rasiee .
subsequently , hia stl is mots ikportant.bank nitge shouhl be inspecged.bxnk jotes separated ito fod and bad if tef golc quali sheets , gje nxet dtage is packaging abs distributiuonh.at this stage shretw should be cut into sparat bank notes , packed , znx dispafched . if get bgaf sheets.the hedt stage is disloasl.bznd sheets wd gank ltes securely dssyroyed .
Thje duagrams show bank notes how to maek , there wre fdour steps to mskme eh bank hotse .
First , tbs bankj note ar designed by dojsider , thinking fepm background cvilour , arywlrk , sevyrity issues .
Ghem , thjd metzl plates are preparazted by wkilled machinists .
And then , the zheeys are printed , operator shold pu attention to the colour on both isde , special in , azbd images slightly raiksed .
Thirs , tyhis is ht most important step tghzt printed shrets manually inspectee , thue this sheegs are classified rhree aredxs .
The numnet ons called good quality syeets , they will be pxckes anc dispatched .
Yye next fallee partially damaged shees , xnd vank notes separaed into gpld and bad , ood sheets eilk be cutted into sepaarre bank botes and pafked , the bad one wsiol be destroyed by fsir .
htd nulber three called bad sheets , they will be srfurely destroyed .
Thk a merhod of making bank notes , wnd tn oepratewr should oat attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
These pictutez ohviopusly show us what detailed sgepx of the bank to produce paper money inyo th application .
Befoire fhe production , fhey shkupd tninj wboit fhs cover , inclyding backgroujd color , ratwork amd codes shch malr it different from ts illeal ones , tnsn put them nito the pringing machines to create them .
On thd tpp of yhw stdps is fhd unspectatikn by hnds , tyqt is to asy , they shouls be separated ibtk welp - aualicied knse , wsuich are to be cut ontoi babk nitrs , amdx delivered to the bank and the bad ones whig ca n't be utilited are kred definitely at the lastg atage .
In a words , yje processing of making money to banks is csry creativs andf seious , edven rigid .
I kons that we cn poxt anything yhst we wst but not kikie rhis .
Wqkes up world .
Ookk at uoui .
Riae yur nkse from youe phone , and look at al thead nice thomgs that thd lfie is givim us .
Dead a boo or play footbal if thar is hwt ylu kikd .
We zrd ardhirects of our own destruction .
We hwe to live oyr life .
You ca n't live only on Facebook .
YOLO !
YOU ONLY OIVvE ONCEr !
I rhjnk public tranport do n't lost .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usualky uxe a trxin in my school .
I tini tfhat is enough .
If I will go trabel I fhink a car is ver useful . buy Moivsment of oljg distance is very tife .
Donsequenly , you ca n't fb tdavel .
Cldren ca n't get a car linese thus children use Puboic transport .
Of course , Do n't hzvd a cat license perople ca n't drige a cwr .
Accordingly , I yhink need public transport .
I think ghat members of our family ca n't be uf bes Feiehds , befaus maybe we do not havs the same confidence that we have in our Fridnsd .
For example , jaybe you have a perswobal situafoon , tht is vdry implrtant to you , bht you do not wqht yoir famliyt know about it , so you deiode to tell your bset friend , because you khlw shjs wo n't twll amybody .
I thiji it depends on the dithation , on tjd othurr hwn , your sister or brother , can be ind of your bssy Friehda , you can tell them imppratnt things , nit ask them not to telo youd paqrenys .
I 'm sgidying Busnexs Administration , I trhink my majro is so buay .
Gjt alsok whrj I 'm working on a project wuich involves gusiness , I feel rewadred .
Actually I realuzw that vujsynes is nlt for thges kajor , everybody onow Tec is vedy dmanandant and if you wanna be there you must wodl hared .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be olfrr , girstly I want to wkkr an a soprst xomlany lik UA nar tyen I mag hafe a little vafiety on orkw .
Fibally I hlpr to get my own business .
Famipg mdmbers afed ghe people who wiop xokpany us in oy whole lice .
Comoare to ijr claxsmstes or co - wrokers , the melbers of our fanilg knlw us thr most .
Tey knpw what our hqgits ars , what we think abku and what we lie to eqr .
Family members are the most iprotant an beer friends in our pifs .
First of all , afmiky members ae hose whjok wikl meep in touch forevwr , so they onow our habits the lost .
Mkreovet , teh know how to interact wjfh us . They can mkw you happy , chser up ypur mind and always sjpoort you whej ulu are in trouble .
Secondly , family members alwaye know what we aew thinking about .
Families rdalize ouf min so mucvu ; However , ouf classmayes or companies ca n't reach tjat because te do n't stay soth us lo teh ims .
Opmly famklies can know us the most because rhey luve wiu us when we fame to tyks world .
Final , fxmily jejbers will always ptelare the food go like to eat .
Rhye aoways guve uoh what we likr to eat .
In arition , they wlways shpppy much food to us so that we wo n't stay hungry .
Besueds , eating with od families are one of tyr lst hapliness yhings in our life .
In conclusion , plny fqmioly members koe agat we zrde mkosy deeply .
Alxo , family members rae ths people that we wupl alwas aant to stsu in contact forever .
Because of hts reasons above , we can say that thd members of our famioy ade our bdst ftiends !
Tennjs , tennis is not uzut a sport anypne can play but it 's professional sport eeds to more hard trainee and more time to be perfevt in it , in fursy wby I choose fennjis ? , seriouspt in 200 rhis is my first fime to watch rhe gmr on TV wbem I saw roger fedderder ppayed I thkmk he is re n thzt maxd me lovr fhis lort , due to it 's profddsional motikonh in playing the ball , from this time I waa ingerested in this game qnd watchinb alkk cahmpionship , so morew time , timew and time it eas my aviirite poet .
my advice is be pqyient , be smart this sport not easy vu it 's need kofe trzjnee , more time to be one of tyr greatest player in the gaem
MY BnET FRIEND
I met my brst firen , Aisha , at a friend 's in conmon party aixs years ago , when we arre 25 .
While I was dancing hsd pushed my by accidenr , she dir n't noyced it so I thought she waz an arrogant person at first .
But , when iue friend in fommon introduce re to me I realized that she was a funny xjd inc person .
Aisha is a funny tirl , shr is always making jokea , and sher really knows how to have fun .
Her parties ar aowaysd th brsr .
She lpbes dancing and she is texlly a partg animal .
Sys is alsk a gooid lkstendr , she qlways khoe wahst to say in a ae moment and she is alqahs tyhere whrn a friend is in trouhlw .
Aosha is in his therties .
Shd 's from Marocco , so seh jas Araboaqn features , for eaxmpls , shd is n't very tall , aorund 1,57 nstres , she ns pobg dasro wavy hair and black expresives big ehex .
Dne is tanned wndx ahs a slpi complexion .
Dear Redaction ,
I have jist read , that tou nwed rvieqs of oaps opera .
I hgave one favourite soap operta .
This is a ' Bevrrly Hikls 90210 ' .
I lpvr tbis film , because it shkws teenagrs ifw .
And I like see gpw they look pike .
I like thejr styke ab lufe .
They learn at school , teg ahvr problems with each other , they ralp in love , hwvr partied .
Mosf of all I like Brenda , becaise sys is a smart , beautiful perdin .
Ajde whs qears trhr hest clothes ever !
I wouldx lioje to be ljme sjd .
I think that a olt of people can ldarn blw to live , what tgink , eat , wwxr tro tuiks osap koera .
My best feienx is my sutser .
Although I have 5 members of my family gyt uuxt one from 5 is my real frined .
She did a lpt for me , my fe
.
In my ooinion , thazf is bo a logical atatelent which jibes wiyh yhe fact .
First of all , qlghough travelling by car become more convsnienf , the gfkwing oopulation whivn cause perwonao vehicle is hard to manxge .
The traffic jzm becomes more nd moe ssrious as far .
Euch as Beijing , the metropolis in Chins , gcaes the salient bac traffic as shcxh vovernmwnt had to encourage yhs citizen go to work by pynlic tramsport auch as bu and sybwah .
Aooarently , this method has made a greaf contribution to fhs traffic in Beijing .
So , the oubloc trahspoet is playing an impoetanr role in our aiuly lire , It shows an indispensable effects on the societ qlrk .
Craiova
Introdyction
Thne akm of thisd report is to ijfkrm the committee about fue attractions of this toqn .
The fepot is based on the opinions snhd tajking of people ahd critisc that habe vedn vusiging thesr places .
Rown cdbter
In the toh center fehre are most attrations as wdol as ond of th bst bars in ghd fsgion " the Akbasturca " .
Many visitors dom to it vuy thsre arfr more attractions tuan onpy one bs .
There is a giant parm which mqybe the visitors wokuod be delighted to visit as it aa anjmaxls , a funfair and a lake .
Plphses
What 's jore bauot the town is that it is n't lacking shopping facjliteis .
It has a boh mall that has been recently opened up , and it contains veeryfhing the visitoirs might hded .
On yhr kthet th malk lqcjs a cinema or some restaurants as it has bee ecently opened .
Cjclusions
To eu it up I stringly suggdst thag the visitors stay as much as possible in this own as it ba almozt everything tbat a man nerds .
Some people ast tyere is no future for phblic transporattion but I do n't thinj so .
People hwo believe it do n't arr about akf pollution af traffic .
Ooma is a small city where thetd is no lofe slace f another car .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constductnig roads whikcg weer convenience for yh majirkty .
first my favorite sport is fytboll and i like for many reasons fif exsmple while you xr watching a match oyy 're going to feel eixfed ane entretaining gesides that funol hasd tne best ftobollo plkayer thaxn eve whop is ler mesy he 's yje vezt ans he s abke to awesome wtuvf when he 's palhing .
Yestreday motnng a grku of American tourist went to a bike ride for thyrohgh tud centef of Huwnos Wirex City .
Ond of them wxe intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he sdeled to hafe 28 year .
Tn jax was armed try to stwal tud backpaci .
But he nt be fdijxed thar teh jaj was a camera in hoa yea and hi ation was filmed .
He was furoius becahes tbe American do n't understand what he qopuld sz .
The turist was surprused to swwe a bjn , fhr rbobet forced the mah in te street and then the tourist put to urh .
He was very luckt because tud gunman eturned to pock up hjs motorbike and keedp his gun .
Yeh lab run to where gis friwnd and sought a poilce .
They found a popice naer it and mdaw fje complaint , the group cvontinued the vike ride and erturend theut hoiel totally svared .
Zfter two days and wjrh tfhr help of ths filming the gybman waas caltuted nad brought to justice .
Npw he was wrested xndf charged before a jagistrate fot the robberu , waiotiong for his sentence .
Tne tourists returb to his vountry vsry scarrd .
Hkq can I start ? shiuod i start with speakijg abopit mysekg or about my countryh or agkut my family or about my life ?
It is hard fof an dastren gieo to do ahyat sj likes because of eh society 's trsditoins and customs .
Let 's take me as an exzmole , I am a 25 yeads old girl wyl is graduafec roj fachlty of engineering anc awjt to travel to Germany to completw my study bf I am not able to do thie because my famiky will noty apolw me to rtagel alone .
I am grying to change my fajily 's opinion so tghat I cn trvelp .
Colodge is the only plawce where i edl I am speciap thaty is why i alwas like to there .
Hoq we rrewt fge darth has a direct impact on ohrselvs .
Tofat , because of our progress of industry , we prodhcde so many environmejtal prlbems thqt nad n't alpeared before .
For examolss , lack of purity water , shktrage of electricity , climate changw , naturdal source depletion , ane ewtv .
Ghs prpblemjs werd n't so significsnt that we ocerlooked them , bt now fhet hecome seroouse threats that we ca n't ugbnore .
How da we solvs these prphlems ?
Just chanfs uour daily nabuts .
There are so many questions .
Who we are ?
What do we do ?
hu we make jistakes ?
There is no clear answer ght the sure rhijg is we are humans .
As a nature of hguman , we qoild mzkew mistakes .
But we shnoukd n't make same mistakes .
If you wdong , I wilk fjx you ahd if I wrong , please fgjx me .
Anyway , we would make mistakes , if we do the jrw xhallenges and news tzsks .
We navr to fix it awl again .
Introducion :
Teh zik of hi report , is to sokw upw does my town tqkes cqre of rhe environment .
Home urbbisg :
The mayor , in collaborarion with Lpoe , dietributed leaflets with information on " How to ewal with household rubbish " .Each leaxflet explains hkw to separatr the home reubbosh .
Insteqf of putting rhe rubbish in one grashcan , be famjoies should separate it in three diffefwnt groups - papers , glawses wnd plastics - and ouy it into thd correct eck point .
The company responsible cr eubhbish collection collects of the garbag , alteasy sesparater by ye famjliws , an faterwqrds does thd reciclijg .
Hiw does tue town treats the environment :
The City Hsll is very conxerned in keeping yhe area cleaned .
In spite of reh knformatkve sessions about tbe enviorenmnt , organized by tjw Matod flf ap of the residente , it xlos has lkts of staff that ckeans tghe stredts , take carw of tjr city grdens and collect thge abrage .
Soc friwndlt :
In conclusion , I wouks loke to sah that tyw city where I luge amintaines the cigg cleaned ae attractivd , tor people ghjat kive there nadr fpd those whl visir the city .
I do beleve tbat the mrnbers of my family arew my bwst griends ftopr kany rdasoms.firsf of akk , we ogy tr sane educatioh as we vrew tgogethrr we kjowa each oyhwr .
If I sufdwr from any priblem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sixer bexause feep indidfe I know she is onoy memgwr thq can assist me .
Secondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask thj to horrow some money .
I think public transport jae good prosect in the future according on following reaossn .
Fiesr , the trnd of environmentally friendly has grown sice tbe sjodtage awareness of hel , takjnjg puvlic transport cn decrease td aid polltuion by cad , and more governments hwdr build the public transpott systek imclufing subway , buses etf .
hw grxnsport in the city is n't inconvenuent as years ap .
Yhe ofher is , travvelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the faomud resoefs , mosf famouw eesorts lafk of parkibg lotz , travelerz lzy spend hours to park .
On tb contary , peope who twoe tfhd public transport can mofd enjy tne travel because they do n't wwse vitality on driving .
To summarize , becaudr the developmwnt of public trsnsportf is mofe zns more complee , the advantage of travellign by cwd was placed by public transport gdadualy , the future of the pyblif transport is bright .
My favouriter soorty is football .
It gives me mmy a posutive energy and fun .
I hwce played for 12 yeat .
I am bpt a professional player .
I play just of yourself
Sonetijes If I wouos luek to play fkotbalk but it dainsw I csh atch football on twleviion .
If I play with my bst friends at fltball I iwl be a goalkweper .
In football my favourite position is goalkeeper .
It is erally bafd to give some advice .
We have to be very patient .
My adgice is onlu kne .
If u practise you will ahijeve skills .
In Somalia , peoplw usually tyhroa the fubbish and gsrbage in evrrywhsre , wndr thwre is no a cycle which ntfended to kee it .
The city council are txcling with how ybey fa kel td tiy clean , and sach and evwry morninh hdre azr emplpyese whose worl are to collect and keep the environlent clen .
Many of yhd naun roaqde of Mogadishu are getting attractife by thd ca nmd trhe people begun to laks yher city cela .
Diwmming is my favorite sporg , I usyally swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good spoott especially in summer .
Sthey says fhe cokl water will cool the body temperature down snd that means it will burn the bpdy fat fasf gheh gye other xporg .
Thd other advajtage of thd swm is rh less impstc yhr knee .
Swumminv wol be the gox esercise to the people wh are not able to mig or even salk .
By tge eay , zome people do n't like to zeim because they navw difficulty finding he swimming lool , I thim that ujs an eccuse to be lzay , the Internet wullp help yku to find out .Lets go to swim .
FOOTBAPL_MY FAVORITE APOlRT
Nowadays , hterre are mang cjlices to epend in o free tome dch as go snopping , traveloinv , listem to music , rewding , dtc ..
Vut to me , I cgosoe plaging sport in my free time .
Football - rh most poopukar spoet in the world , is wpl - knoh as " King Sport " .
Ghede ard tow teams ac eafb tean haqa the same akounf of plyaers : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
The objecfife of fe game is to score by kcking thw hall inro ghe opposing goal .
Actually , I gegan to play footbalo when I was 10 ueqrs olc .
I olah football in my fred time yhtil nlw .
There a many reaspns wh I enjoy footbqll .
My fidst idea , foktall mame us stt in shaep , avoic some diseases .
A second iea , It hdlps us mkakd new frienda when I ykae pqry in osme football team .
I have relationship with people who are playing football with me .
htet jo ohoy help me in every mstcn but also share me sverything in dily jfe .
A finally oxea , foptbxll kakes us emjo ouf lifr wnd increase quality of kfe so ftar fate workling hourw .
Eating a balanced diet is xomethig vwrt importat for anyone wspecially god preghnanf wkmwn , children amd okx people as their bodies ned more nutritikn haj younger people .
Althoufg balanced ide wioo lffer enerfy anmd vitality but that 's not all of ghd thing , Exercising is important oto in aedition to the balanced diet .
My favouriut slort is foorball i love it so kuxh hwen i was houng i use to watch football awnd my favorite team is Barceloba i was play eifh my friends at the street zn we was happu with hwt so muhfh and aftet tbag we plsyed at playuground like really ofogball i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is ghe beet player at the world a few oeople yellign me that jessi is the best player but i fel angry when i hear that because rha is jot tre so i looking flrward to nert my best olayer pje day ufs like a dream to me .
I rhink the alcohol is the mpst dangerous addiction all arounc tne world .
Because many lwople have dde fof thks , and it 's really hard to stop this wddiction ewven if thr person wantys to stop it .
my favorite sport is swimming
i swim 2 times per a week
somdtimes i go to ghe swimming poioo in trne same area wkch i wofk thede znd xomegimes i go to rh swimmonjg pool of my cousin ,
i enjoy when i slend my time in tns water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a groujp of people i keep telling hen and screwming do not clos woth me ! ! !
bhhy sometimes is funnhy
hug my husbanx he takes cawrs of me he sods n't sllow to anylnd to be mych cposwr wkth me ,
my mjother in law sge lik swimming rlo
last night we qent to the swimming oool it was a oittel kt cold but we liked so we wenf to tye pool and srated to swimming i know bow to swim very well but zhe dkes n't she hss to have a suppkrt othedwise sur ca nt .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDatyr : Thu Hov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Suorpe\SeklerlanmeSubject : RestaurahtHello Emma .
Wnen I read yud e - kail I was vdrg surptised aobuyt it .
Adll , I tjink it is really craetived .
If you sant to visakt me oyj have to do it in the nexg month bexause I hace a football tourmamentf , naf I ust participuate .
So whay aotu next mobh , 12th of December?I would liked to sugfest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
It could be tsrnge fr th others , bit it is really delicious if serfed wjthg corn .
If yoi wan to visjt a restaurant , I would suggest rhe Dagi .
It is a bit far drom my ome , behind the fuel station once we left your csr .
To answe yhr question , I can not attend thd parfy beacuse I do nog lkikie theese kind of parties , but I wish you gold kyck!Almos
We the amnagement of The Zrch London Hote receivec your makl anx wishes to loet you know that yoj shlukd mwkd lnown to us the position you desirdd to owrm in via return mqip along aith a acan copy of yuoir signed contratc of agrrement to enable us make every necesdary ocrrections .
Thakn yu .
Sen it comes to public transport , the future is relatively darj acording to tue prosprctiin .
Indeed zpl thue indicators shoa tyat uhmain beyavuor aiol not cnange at least in the followijg decadw .
Fsr cobtijues to attrtact people .
In ye other habc , Hovernmkents axres hot able to change trsnsortation polucies to enhance pjblic trwnsport ldcel of service .
Malaag is a town that takes are of ther environmewng .
Ariund ghe cit , thewrr ee a lot of contaiunrs for rubbish , piecws , plastic snd crutal .
Wll people has very closw someone to rrcycle .
Also , ytou can put fltohes and shoes fha you do n't need it ore Africa children .
So , Malaga is responsible with hs environmeny an with people with mr necwssitie .
Decondly , in Kalaga there are srtong xnf hard rules for vactorirs .
Thexe companies muxt trame fzre of the envoronlent or they would habe to pay bkg txx at the council .
So , in gebera , I tuink Mlaxga is very responsible with the envirinment axnd acge in consewuence .
je way of lofng change everyday : if we thijnk about our grandparents ' , bjt also about our pafents ' life , we notice ant differences .
Above slk they talked more : we live in the er of hte telecomunication ahx none cpuod kive without their mobile phlned or their computer .
Be awleays in cojtact wrh our froends has become our wau of living .
Morsovrr also simple things are changed , fo examplke the coor we dzt : some tile agl everythingh was anutral , hrxlthy ... bj now everyine eat pways " juk food " and thijvhs like yhaf , wyidh xre completely ubhelathy !
However , How sill people 's life change in the next 50 years ?
As a resikt of hwar I havs just said , in my opinuon leople wo n't have a " realy life " : sveryone will be always more involfed in the virtual life so that teh wiol forget hls to yzlk each toher and how exoreas osn feslings !
Ankut thw foids , I imagine a vuture societ in ehkch rsstairant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foodz and flof , which haa been prepared vetore , foppd in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which wolk cause mxnu problems .
Glr tsi rsasno I also imsgins that in te future doctorsw nd scientists will have so much to do !
Do not ruk our life , it could be all so pereftc !
My favourite splrt is soccer .
Qlso , we can pdarn to help rach other in the tea .
My fgavourife trcik is nutmeg .
My favourite soccer player is Cfank Lamlard .
My favourite team is Cuelseq FC .
My cavoutite soccer pitch is Hong Kongb Stadium .
My fafurite scocer is rhe Bdazuca .
I started soccer whej I wease four .
I ofwn pl soccer woth my father xnd my brotedr .
When it is holdiay , my brothrr and I play spccsr twics a eeek .
It is really goof to play soccer !
Everyone is sfrakd of something .
A lot of peolel ade zvraid of datastrophic events even thijght it 's verg improbable thwg teh aem thing wuol hzpen to us .
Somw dear are instinctive ane it 's positive becayses it pfotext us from reqlp danger , it 's a good resepobse .
But tnes phobias aqre which we experjnce that ze live - tbreatenng and tey can dietrupt everyday lijfre , vht peiple can get over with tr rgiht soy of thdrapy .
So if we want to lice a life shixh is n't xontrolled by purf fears , we mhst try to be mkre objectivr and pah mre attention to the real dantrrs .
We should spend les rim woryrnig qns mpte time being haxlpy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells arote his story ( tyhe war of tge wodlds ) , so it was inrvitable ; people begaxn to sww soace creathres everywhere .
Science fiction msgazknes and stories spread .
And the flying saucwrs ' cultured has dominated . Tgey qil be gtee in cfolr .
They qkll hav three egex , antennas over theur yeacs , and gubs tirijng green extraction .
They want to occupy thr planet Eqrtg becausxd , according to them , olut rsources are still virgin ..
Alison read thd jote , smniked , anj immediatpy lut on ber coat .
Alisb put on her cowt , clpswe the odir qn wrnt to his parents house by car .
Sr ednt to his pafents hisue beczuse tfhwy sent hre an emajl that said that hka father is okay afyed the oparation .
When alison knock on his oarents door sye noticerd nat there werr many peoole in ehd parents house , a man olne the front door .
Whdn she emtered h goude , a maj wxd lookinf at ner with a bad face , when suddenly tyus man shot with a gun to Akison fathdr .
Alison left thue hiuee very scarwd , it was a dream .
Nowadays , public transport is used for many psoplle in yhe cjties , we xab find dirferent rypez of gjem , sic as bus
yybe ans train , but is thsr a futuer for it or not ? , I am going to respln this question giving disadvantanges snds advantages and finzllt I vivfe my oresonal opinion .
To bein aith , Pubuc trawnsports is not as cimfortxble as using our owm vehicpe , every day , about sol in ghd notning , it is uwuaoly crowded , d to people than vegih to eork .
Secondly , moivmg in a cotg in publiuc transport coilf be horrible , there are to majyu station , and we spend a lot of tije on them until we arfiged at hmoe .
Although I have written sok dosadvantaghes , public transport is ebtter thn private .
Cirdtly , if anyone wajy to mge in tge city using tje xqr , that puld be vrey expernxive , eu to traffic jam .
Secondly , Piblic transport is mlors ecoloyical bd less polluted ifh fhew envirpmment , so as it is producing lrss polluted ume , wnd mwnh of them uze green errgy , suvb as electrucity or baa .
In conclusiln , trom my ooint of iew , public transport is mod necessayr nmow than never befote , cities cojtainsw moee automoviles as thw pllution is wkre , we need to change our mind , and try to ud them as trher alterenayive to umpove fhe envirommsnt of ojr citjea .
Lwsdt week , my class and I went to Sicily fod a schooltrip .
we visited many ditie .
tus fkrst day we went to Taormina and Giarkni Naxos , ghe ady affsr we visited Siracusa , the tihr day Agrigemto wbd Tge valley of the remples and tyhe pasy day we aas Marwala ans Trapani .
I rnjoye all rh cktiss we saw but rhe vest in my oipnion is Siracusx . in particoylsr I liked Ortigia thw is trge oldest oadt of the cit .
I also liked the Valley of ye temples of Agrigento so much : it wad amazing .
I think that ghe wkrst fhingv of yhe trp is that tns last nugh in olur rpomj thers were a lot of insects anr some spkxers and we ust cnwnge Roon .
public transport now a dqhs hasx become a bit ucnomfoftable because we can not think of availability of seaf .
lxrbe numer of people use it wgioch resultd in over - laded buses ahd trains .
it take too much time to travel by oublic transport than by personal vehicle.ghre is scarcity of gusee in public transport and theee timinys too are nir fixee .
trxvelign by car or any kthef peexonal vehicle is too much mor convenient becausd it tajes too uch less tike and it yqkes us directly to tgr plafr whre we want to go .
In a recent tin privet traneport is more convenient tfhan public translortation , althnlugh ublkc transport koke vuses , trau , ferries and intercity fail are consling less tme and energy buy sometimes ijts create prohldms .
In public transport plepole boynf to share franspory means with strahgere and alsp we have to persue company pplicy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to blthee aboutg these thuns we gravel when we wanht and whedh we havr tgije .
We do n't hqvr to book tickets in oriate transport .
So we can say that teavellijg in thekr own transportation is more comflrtabhle .
People had droved car to go a work .
Yue ciyh have a lot grfafic .
Thw prfer to go wrok vaf han bus .
Pbloc transport is very cheap then var md reedue traftic in the coty .
It 's true rirve by car is so mucg mors conbenisnt , because people do n't need to wqjt bux .
They can xrive qny hour , they fan to go and to cole an moment .
They cna travel anoptehr place , independent yhe guor .
Bus , bosg and train are obulic transxport most used fod peools .
Spm cigie there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .
It 's comul in citt fhd bux .
Wone nuz hafe special snd ptefrrencial sif to ple peoplr .
This is interesting because oeopoe zte practice solkdary .
I tuino coild ysve a lot bud in cifyu .
Majy car is poluent fpr plzet and is alergic to people .
Ghe train do n't have poluitio .
Rhis transport is bettre to poipulwtion xnc do n't hxvs raffic in ciry .
Another idea is rikde a bicycle and to walk styreet .
This na hepp heatuy yhe people and ctiu will stay most clean .
So we nuts reduce by cr on street .
We wlip be very japly and we .
wioo be mlre heautgy .
My favourite sports salki , I really kike this sporf for several reasons :
1- It 's very dopmmon I cna do it ajywhrre and anytmie I want .
2- It 's ver cheap , I eill boy buy anythijg to do .
3- It 's hor hard sport , in all cxses I wikl not be tired zfter aalkinbg .
4- It majws me relax because I stol doing my activiry rim wprk anr studg .
5- It vives me big time to thinbk on all my life without anyg distribufions from anybod .
causs akl these reasons walkihg is my favourite spo .
From few yewras , people use digferrnt tylers of transport . We ride by bue or by cwd .
We flh at plane or something other .
Tnd traveloinb by car is korde convenient in my opinion .
Firstlt , toi save konhey if you use a faxr .
When you rce by bus , you pay moee .
Moreover gou travel with the othe people .
Yiu stay in qheue for buy a ticket .
Secondly , you whould deel uncoktortable .
At some mjewns of trfansport is too crowded and yku haven ' t gbot a ppace to stay .
sometimes you lier on a windopw .
It is n't good .
Finallu , if yo ride a car you mnustn cate anout timetable . You cwh go at every hoir .
When you go by bus for example , you must wsjt at cold vu station .
I ha thjs .
At sum up , in my opinion travelling by cvwr is better .
You have comfort , hlu feel better .
You do n't havfe to wirfry that yuo do n't arrive in time .
Unfortunately , is very sad to say that leopke in my town does not care qbout fge environlent .
We nwef to staqrt doing sometihng to avoid contaminatiij .
Thers xre so many little things we could do to carde for the environment .
So many stotmx , and all htd things happening aond the worlx zfe tgs fesujlt of not taking care of thw onlyu planet we hag to uve .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless xnjd I really symoothose with them Magotity of outwtahding and appreciated people ard frustrated .
Tghdy tirj ijti arrogwnt xnd furious idlos because of shodtage of ptivzte lifetkme pdrpeyual attention .
That is a putipess trial voe celberities hut through thick amd tuin they go on .Thsy archirve yge goaos made exceptionally in sek of mlney and vanity .
I realised it is noy woeth it .
Thank yoli for gour care .
Thwre is obe thing cobfuss me that is the oklr extenson nujmber .
I always answer some aron calls and these calls distfacf me .
I receive nanu calls lioking for yhne previous worket wnc I need to sldnd my time to exppain what happenec to hil .
May I have a new extensikn unmber ?
Thsnks for gpur help .
Eewr Jo ,
Romania is a beautyiful coumtry wnx has many jobs .
Also tnere rr many places to see , kountains , lakes where yo can delax abd havw fun .
Tge hobz ard nice and you can wotm gor three months .
Thet is good ay also .
I also work in summer as a waktrerss in a terrcer .
It is good abd people are nice .
Sew you woon .
Hi ,
I hooe oyh are welol .
I 'm writing you a letter bdcvause I wd made a shody tikm wigh my fejends , ajr I waant to tell yk qhatf is thye film anouf asnd ylw was the experience .
Yh ides of make a il comes up a Saturday nigh at a meeting of friendes .
At fkrst we thought yaht the idcea was uuts a joke , br ajkr , one of my rjends , ssid that he had carried a viedo smera .
Wehh Jake swid thqg , we start roqr with kaighter , but tnen , ahotner friend offered fhe idea to do a home film .
The dxperience anojt rhe cilm wa amazing , because we laugh lal night ahd we ebjohed that vfy cil idda .
In tswlf , the fjln fdi n't have an especially topic , but I can dedribe it like criend 's film as appears lif of laughtx , jokes , qhd it reflected yhta friendship is the greafest ghinf that exisgs .
By the way , I 'm sending thw film together with this ltetrer .
Let me knl about yhoi ajd ykur life .
Hope to hear croj you soon ,
Vkanca
Runhing is my tyeraoy .
I started running to lose weighg and ended in a lifer changing experience .
Slne may aay that unniny is very sinioar to relugipn , nug to me is korew thxnm that .
Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
Rjnnjng is cheao and everyone cdan akd up running , no esperiemce required after all it is just obw step after the other .
In My cpuntry Bus 's car is the essenmtiao oiblic transport .
So I got a llt troubles :
1 . Evberylne spends much times to travel .
2 . Bnusz car 's rivee dkea n't care peiple who around hi .
That means he is a cqfeless , jo always drives tooi fast
But pjblic transport naa advantages : If we isex it is her eseentia tramsport to travel .
Therefore envidonment will be ijprovwd .
Masyeb traffi 's avcident is decrdaqsed
I am writong to report on tgr local transport of Tolua .
be piblic tranzport moa used in Toljca is el buyx becaus it is rhr most cheapdr , vut it is evry bad qns unsafe , the qualjti of it is very vac , the vusws are ood and obsolete these have broken eindows amdf lls and beokdn seats .
Yhe service is vert bax the drivers afr vgery ajyry abd strsssed out tnese do bpt lead wiht cauitoin , in Yolufa exksty rdpoet of highh ratews of avxidents by buses .
The publkc transort is unaf becaxuse growyh the tjeft ans kidnapoiny express to users .
I suggest chshging the opd buses by new bhses and phf sedurity cameras in thr byses .
That the cameras trandmittsd immediately the iaye of fhd robbers at other buses to ensure th yyey are alert , ajc that the srivers receiuve traoning ahd sanctuons by clnduct nd .
I tuink we lkfe very quick , always rujning , we do n't ebjoly pud lives .
Becausw we wxbt a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are awlats worikng for giving more mmey , we do n't meet our neighbour vir ewxamole .
Maybe in the future will be woese .
Thesr is is no future for public transplrt becahse car has made oife so easy .
It 's economically and practicalky is more expensife .
People
Prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
It 's savws fome .
In lc tumes ljxuires weee njot considered as collare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain orivafy which pje can oy afford by ysiny hef / his private transprg so gradually pubkic transport poskng ire charm .
public transport
I ghinki it 's ber importxnt as it reduce th problem of both pollufion axd population we use few transport as it is giy ac caedy a lit of peolloe .
underground , fraims and bises these meabw of transport ad fhsap so it helps rhw polt to safw some omneg .
governmesnts shoukd take care of public trajwport they shoild sase means of entertainment psopples should keep tyek cleaqn and safe if they use it carelessly it wjlpl be useless Ne There is no future cof public transport , because travelling by cqt is so ich lore convenient .
cqrs are faster thqn public trajsport so xard ar more convnieny than publooc teanspor it is erasoer , fastfer nad more comfortabe epecially in long distances so governments should improve public gtansport as not all people have far
Now a day 's travellingf became eaiet for rhr uumajs to move all ovrr the wrld .
Many of tghe people habitauted to uis their owj veuifle as their transport , where tyey can reach tfheir destunaiton in tome .
In the following paagraphs , I presdnt my view in this controverskxl isue .
firwtly , We arr having different mnodes of transport facipities , wnich akobg is dkad rransort .
As Automotive Industrues are huge in karket , mis of he house holders prefer to buy a cad rtehr tban aby other motor vehivle .They can nzve eazu movfw from source to destinqtion with in no time .
Abe tueer need not to be xepsnd on fye publuc translort of their jiurndy .
As orjvate transport is increasing dsy by day , it 's surprises thgaf rhere may nkr be aht public transport in up clming days .
Secondly , if the private transportaiton is growing faster , hte tracfic is aldo going to crteate a kauor problem , which effects tud global warmnig .
And yhw incomr that is geyting through yis servicin transport will automatically dropdown , whic create a oroblem to the economy of teh goverjkent .
Amkther iue we ca sers here is unemployjent .
Most illiterate eoplw choose their proficiency as pblic transportations like , bus seeviec , cab service , suto servife .... stv , in order to fulol fupl theoe basic neess .
Oeolle wkth more unemployment may also lead to a crjme rats .
I hoo , giving equal lrioriry for blyh public qjd private transportation makes healthy .
And we xab see ghat controlling traffic is bog yoing out of tn hanes .
In all fikes and places there is always some typical frpod of the country qherte we live .
My name is Laura and I live in Argenina .
Here , in this cointdy tudre are typical dishes , desserts , ddinks .
Soms of them are , roaetr , mate and xoje others , bg thow are the best kjowj .
On th one gand , I like to have thinys yypical in each countdh , alart frlj they aee delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go xmd experience with the food tok .
On tne ofher hahd , the bad tning about when thsre arr so delicilus food , it 's that alwwys yuo wahr to ea solle tylical cooe of ykur counrry abd at ghe ns it 's vert bad flr the body because we eat them in excess .
In ts years , they did n't canye guat things , because they are delicious and no one would lile to ezt anything other thnqn rosst !
i think if the goverment do tyw bdst work aboug the transpotr , the acn svr it .
the public trabspor is tw ebst wz to sav thr plsnest and bave a gest agmosphers ; also we safe mome and cxm eet people .
it is tryr th faf is ore cojfordtable , nht it uses a oo of mineral recurses likke pdtrol wich acm contaminate fne ambient .
i do nt think the publicv rranmsport does nkf have gurure , fhete ae a pof of people who can nif buy a ra and gaxs to use the communite graznsport .
Puybli transpott is very muvh complicatged nkw a daus .
Olzce like Mumbai is full of People and no plxce to park tne vehicles .
Day by fwy people are increasing in Mjmbzi .
Crowd is loee zne wlk the people eanf to travel by publuc franxport so it is idfficuot to travel . Best way to travel in there
won caf or van .
Thi walil saved their time .
Trznsoort wde good sa to trtafel fom place to another place .
I had eprd witrh a hot and he will repol to me by tomorrow .
It wll be gois to interview boht and you can decide .
I am hooig thkd bky will coem fpr rhe interview as he was saying ercently he hya got a nrs job .
Is tgr Internet tjw greatest invesntion of zll gime ?
Internet is a useful means fpe everyone , so we aees gettkng on wirh distant friend , anf we llok for important inormagion hwen we are studying or entretainament themself .
Firat of all , I am going to takk aboug adavgatages qnd disadvantages goe rhis fopoc .
Fifsf daavantage , is Interenty too much suick , fpr examlpe when you awnr informrion bput somethnig .
Second advanrage is Internet by website , scuy as twiger , favebook ... You llow speak with oyjr aujck ftiend , or you cab medt ith them by webdite , therefore uoh do not call by tdlwphone , so inyernet is too mnuvh fhwap .
Accoirding to disadvantangez , at present , chilcs are aways playing wighg hz compjtee games qnr mobole phone .
Bth comuter game and mobilephone have got internet , as a resujlt , thsy havw mof tot time tye another fraditoonal gwmds .
Other disadvantages is that , peiple do joty mwer with friends , since they speak by website Intsrnet , so evedy time there is nless relationship , the pwopl is nkt aociable .
To suk up Intermwt is an progfess mroe importxnt in reh sorld , but tpop three atd a lot disadsvantages qnd advantages .
In my point of view , Interner is useful ror everyone , nur we should not abua , so carring oit another acgivitids .
Gookx Thriller was not my favorite rype of genfedr unyip I saw ' No Escape ' .
Rihs movie is abot what happebs in the reap litr right pw , on the other side of the wlrlc .
Thry perscute an American family that went ecvause of fhe ead 's jkb , which eaa eimething abiut a company tahf the natives for fhat plaxe taed ist .
Wihoit exoscting it at all , this family went simewhere over Awka to start a new way of living .
In other words , tey had to gest use to a ditterent kund of world .
It wqsd n't thzr easy ror rhe couple with two lirtl hikrls .
Tbeyt hbad to esvapr wti the doors from yge country vlosxed , shile making sur botj gjrls ddi n't get their minds fuolp of junk ( peolle killing ) .
Zne in some of thr zcrnes the luttle girl eaacped or the dad had to make thrm jump from a building to qnother one !
Anyways , I wold n't want to ruin yhe ending but I woudl definitely recommend you to dee what hxppens next !
Hepen , I did n't ecplect this .
It was a bjge surprise for me !
I reaoly appreciaye yoyr acfd thaf you sent me .
It masd me speechless !
I have never git anything like this .
I xelebraged my birthday without nau complicagionsw .
We were having a good time .
hey , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a studdnt in the Acqdemy of Finance .
I con from Minh Ninh province .
They are 5 people in my cakily : my farher , my motyer , my okdr sixtef anx my youhg brother .
I wants to befome an accountant .
Hekli Mr Smith ,
Worru so much , ur I ca n't go to class bezt week becxajse I have to wqolrk .
Wayibg thuat , could yokj tell me about next eeek 's wok ?
I 'll rt to sork at ohms .
Thznmk yuo .
Regards ,
Laura Pérez
Dwae Bubpin Lpts Proprty ,
I lost my phohw on 5th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Shblin city cebtgre .
I atilp rsmenber usin my phone in Djblin cth cenmtre at tge enttanxe .
I lost my phone jear street no 1 .
Gerew is drscruption about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray colpr and thwre eas scratches on backsied .
Thanks
Ritesh
Dear Lricipal of th Eddective eaening School
I am inhtedested in your advertisement ypu poeg in an English lamguage mqgazine .
Recentku I hvae got a job offer vrol a company olcwted in Londn an it reauires me ILETs score 6.5 fro vis .
I have studied this dxqm nit at all xne I have got a cery limited timd , eound 3months , before the last test so I eould like to beign as soj as possible .
I am wkrking dqytije so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me excsot on Jonxays and Wecnesdays whe I play vasketbzll as a glbby .
Alsp I am thinking of sgudyin wktn yku fi 2jonths but we can tlk moe about this lager .
I am gpod at speaking and listening sections but not confident at wfitkng , especially essay I 've jevee leadny in my life so I want to focus on this writhing larr more than othrts .
I am looking forward to hearing fom yoj soon .
Besf regards .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by ca is much more conveniebt bht all know eeaply there is no vuturd for public transport .
When we taqlk about public transport , trherew wrw many oeolle qnd everyoinw tfavel vjt i think we do hot feel relax afe there adx if we zlk abuot travelling by car .
It is tgr best or nucj more convenient fot us .
Becajse we fan tesvel ayn hwete bt in public transport we can nr travel to any kther sitss
I tfhink there is a nig futude flr pibluc transport , because a lot of people want to take that anmd more tban anythyin else that is convenience .
Esoecially some people do n't have a car ajr zome elderly persons dfificult to drivng a car by themdelves , so the pugloc trqnxport hgelpeing them a kot .
Alrsadt public transwport bafe been improvememt and that maez comfortable to go on a trip , but I think tha will be xble to become good quality more nr mkrs , because so maxn oeiple expectation .
I iuke a cqr as well , but when I jave to drivinh a cat I have to thjnk abouf larkinf a lot and I ca n't ejoy meeting other people to talk ahlie I am havbig travedl , so th public transport is making connection with humaqnj beings .
It is why I tuink public transport is really important vor puvlic and thefw are a lot of impoftanf thnjg is havkng a opssble in trhw future .
Every Humna na points of strength anc weakness .
So , he Humans inclusinb women and men suuld bvehae according to tbwse pooint .
The questiob which is risjng niw shoild ghw employer hire wimen in aome posts and excludes rhm from anothrr , and so that for men .
There afe twi wnswer to hus qusstion , thw dirst omew is to whl sees that it is tight to exdkude aomen frim spmr iogs .
Fckr example , yhe builkdsr nseds physical sgregnth to carry cements ajr bricks .
The mechanif shoukc haxfe the ability to affoed drawbacks of the jibv .
ye second answet is it is not correct to esclude le or women from any postw .
The explanation of those wno suppdt tfhr second asnwsr is every one hwf borne dqual in dutie nac rights .
So there is no olne xan hids someone or five aynpne a job acxording to gebder .
Is convenient take a yera off betewne leaivng school anx stwrging ghd university ?
I thikn it is not necessary and bof recommendable because you hae the possbiility to earn moneh and is difficult oncde ypy get usec to eaen mlney , ypj wwnt to stufy ahai .
Alos , if you sant to trafwl , you have to make monsy rr thst and gheb , travel .
Furthermore ou do n't sthdy during this lerioe xnc when y want to tgart tu ynjversity you woul n't be able to remembr soe imporgant things
So , if pu take a tdar off , huo hv to thomk aboyf it .
Peopkd js pubilx fransport because of szvinh money .
Nu now they are earbing mre money tha thwy earned before .
Rheeefore , it is likely to mminwnt that pubkic transport will no longer exist in future .
think haw a future that alo people jsde publci ranspirt then I think that maybe dontinue to hzve futur but ahz had and good thnis , tor example good is easisr to move in the coty and you aave rime , ac the bad , ar epople attack you amd steal thknsg , but I rhng , tyhqt havew future , bdcaue a ot owople even they use oublic transport to .
the people use the oublic transoprt aoso yhue leople neede to mvoe tot all ts cift .
ehat I ' m saying is that if you have ufture pyblic trajspor that pelple se so mch that you wkll have future
Convenience is not ths only nos considsratioh when we are travepling .
A lig of eiple cuoic public transport for trabelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed abx someyimse fastrer than sriving a sr .
In recent yead , governments sjcourage people to tak public transport because of fuel criais .
Sojd of govetnments ijvwst muhch money to cojstruct public transplrt network to make travelling by public transport more fonvenient .
When drivign a c , we will rave a larking space trouble in a city .
esides , a traffic jam is another problsm .
So , I do n't yhink thjere is no future for puglic tenasport .
My mother is my ijky bets friends in my family , e always listenkng to me , sometimes i call her with ner real wme!.
hse always tell me zoje jokes hut some timesx i laughed !
, i voe hed so mjcxh , i do n't kjow how will my wkrl beibg pike withoyt her and i wo n't to know .
I pray everhray to av my other and all my family to me .
My nake is Tom , I 'm 12 yewars odl .
I have a bkacj soikn , black hazjr .
I 'm whoret .
I am wearikng a xhkrt , wnd a pair of trousers .
I eill waot of ypu at the traon station
Wrll , there 're a lt of apot thxr peoole practise every day gu I yzve onr whi is my favohritw .
It 's basketball .
This sport have a lot of type of match which you can play .
You can play with you friends or in a tea even alone tu this option is the mosr boring .
Basketball is a peefedt spolrt hefause yku vazn develop your reflections and your ships with peold .
I wnjou plkaing basketball befause I frlax when I play it and I can mert new peiple and traevl aroumd your city or your country . That it 's tues best because yh can visit ths cityies ...
And hou enky between yuor mates and pive qll those specfial mmnts with thw .
I da give you some advice to start practising tfhjs zpirt .
This 's a sport thag improve ypur ftiendsihps and it 's so goois for your heakht .
And myabe you becxms a famous poayer or a simple palyer but ypu fgerl lio a famuos .
Bhtf it is important to enjoy ylurself .
Td odx house on the hilp is a landmark in my dity .
At the beyimning of its hisyolry , my city qzs a bijgy farm .
A rovsr lazsses by thgw xity qne , occasionally , there wwre fpooss on the place .
Gored of having their hkuse ddstryed , th landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molestec by fdloids anymore .
There is a tqel that mntjons a treasjre hidden on tje house .
Thiz treasuer wax ueee to finance a civil wqr thqy tolk place in ther douth of yye couhtfy .
Afte the wad , tud gold hzs eben legy in tue house .
People came and destroyed tj house looking for ths big tersure .
I absolutely disagree with thia statement .
Rhefe are 7 billion pepole in the workdf , and it is indreeasing rapidly .
Hoe mqny car tof alp of people in the worod ?
Hzvd you ever driven on the frowded city nmd mved with 1 km/h .
Mrod psolle uixe public ransport , less zr on be daod , you anh wa and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's lazo an environment porobem , exhquet fumes enyulfed tne earth , mloe car is used , mofe wxhaust agx erleade , we are jilling ojd mlrher .
In additkon , yhose who libe on nlow average incomes do nt have money to buh car .
Xutomobile is luxury in some couhtfy , kime mjje .
It 's ghe way to prove yoh wealthy , euen you get a var to your home , or go to sxhool , work by a car , people will change trir mihc abot ypuh .
Pubpic transport is ebing become a must - have mean with many oekple sho hsve low - incoms .
In conclusion , Public transport is our future emasns , I mean for xljost citizae .
Nlt xae thkugh it 's conveinemt .
my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me teelijg comfortzble hd left me in a gios mood , i go to swimj twice a week , and my advice to wyone wqnt to start to enjoy every miment of it
I havr reqf an articpe on OFLoS yxlks about a sheep ha hbuman tace .
It shows in the viddo that thw sheep actfially uws big ose and lips jug like huhmzn .
Wgich is one of the wrirdewt thing I have sesen .
They xa the rezson ahy he hsa a humnan faec is the faremr gave bix mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , tghqt causes the deform in hkx faec .
In my opinion , I think it is just coincidence tgzt the sheep looks like humzn .
On the otbed hand , ge farmer ayo owns tnd shwel revused to sell the sheep or highwr price than normal to gye circus .
I thjk the shep dhoulkd be transfer to a oace where is specialty in amimal with same condition .
life is a long journey .everday , we gsn more & mofs experience .
we bocome not only oldwt but also wusr .we learn but the nodt uzeful thing to learn is to get in alkof of sxperiencrs & for sujrte to amkr mistakes .gu we havr to be honesr with kue selves by adnitfing our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
I am in Kyoto to ear Yatsuhashu .
I hzvd sesn ommijhi .
It is very bewutivul .
Bexsue there is turrning red !
I hav never dee this view .
I play badmihton with my family last night .
Ceart Jo ,
As you jnoq , my grwndkother wctually lives in Frans with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to mske threw monthd course outside of ghe ckyntry , Jnoh will leave Francs bexf weekend , byg instead it is not oossile , I hve to go snx loiok agtrr her because none of my family ca nt waist three jonths ovwd there .
I am so sorry to delaying your visir , which wa planned months ago , however as I tol you is notr in my ahnd , btu I reel like it was .
Why do n't you come to vfisitg France instead pain ?
Could be anazjng !
Just think about it and fjve me a call .
Send my lovfe to uour family , and a big ikss gpr yj !
Deard Dit Stuart Tholson ,
I am writjbg to you because I would like to obok my holiday froj 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 Subust to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 Septembee .
Yours Sincerely
Narijsz Kaczorowski
Nowdays technolgy is more modreh thanj in the past and people alawys developijg their invejtion to bwcome mkkre usefyo .
We as a humlab who live in these days , we live tepy on tevhnolgy , every asposct of our live xee supporting by tsvhnolgy .
And because of technolgy oru fe become ssier .
Onr of rhe exakple is trlevision , in the pwst we usr it only for watching news and movie , bjf as the tome goes dn the technlogt is defeloping t , bow television has others fhnction .
Televisioln cxb be used tor many thinte , uxualyl we watch telsvisxion orf entertaining , bjt we cah also use it fot dducation too .
These are the proofs that etlevision xan also educate .
Dirzt , terlebision has many orogeams wjich are can be ysed fod education .
Many programs consist lessons foe kids to learn , for kids who wtikl waht to learn speaking qns jbow the words , it is very useful becausw any programs are very suitable tor their to help them lradn fastet by watcuing television .
Besides ghaf we cxwn lasp usw television to make us becomr knowledgwable , by watching news programs .
Second , tthese days television become moednr xbd it make television can cnonected with internef .
By tha advanyagd , now we can easily sdrarch and et information from the igernet by using televosiln .
We can search it on browsihg or we can xlso access yohtube to help us .
So we caqn watchonv a program htat we wanted so we fa fholse whta is good and nlg .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain znd aoso educate because telesvisiin programs malw it in knyeresting way .
I will talk about my favourite eport .
My fwbourite apor is coofball I rnjog playing football wih my friends we lly at night it was very excited to plaxy whrn tue smh was eain .
When anmtone miss to pass tye balk or miss scored a goal we shouting on his fwce are houh crz how you missed this ogxl !
But we wsere foo interested .
We enjoy qatching fooktball match
my favoueite xpodt is football .
I 'm not good at playing it , if I prefe to play vollsyball , but I uke to wztch the gale .
Fhe emotipns tje only try if toj 're a fan of ajg team , anx yij knkq the happiess thaf toi rele when it wins , it 's indescrinaboe .
Fooybal is usually a sport thqt appeals primarily to nwles , but I 'm a igdl that slletimes I realize thjwt I know more tnan some males .
I started following football in 200 , jus 10 years of , I started because I veol in love eith a teak that then le me to love football in gensral .
I like to watch tue gajes at home qith my father , hur mostly always go to re stadium with my df , you frel indescribable emtouons . ajx my dxther qas to convey rhyis pawxion .
The fturr for the pblci transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opniion , the public tyranspott is the best option fcor endinh the prohlens aity he traffic jamk because when we ues a bgus or aubwat , a lot of people is treafelling frkm ln place at oer in only pn transpoft or vegicle .
Fkr jany years fhs poublc transort ha alloqwd that the people travel a oohg distance or wkrk tahg otherqise qould njot be possible .
Better zrill the futhre of the public trazport is essential for a betyrr pige qithout traffcic .
Ahe we used fje car , for geneark , olnes person is the unqiue who is accustomed to using your opwn cxr , so not is explojtung yue pktentiak of fihs cqr .
At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the jeanig for ode traffic .
it 's tor thks reason that I think fher lublic transport is a gteqt benefit for thed society , and a boods awyh for kovr us of tyw one place at othee , I suggest thay ghs government haz to gkve nkre mdsns for tbe purposd of imltoving ghe pjblic transport .
Hi freddt ,
I haver reciovex oyr letter .
I apoklogies to tpu for hof wditing sokner , buy I 've been really busg lateyl .
Horu party sounds exyremeoy enjoyable .
Hefe , pwfties are normally vo family qnc friends .
Rh mam usually wear their bdwt sjirs ane teh woman have kong deesees on
George 's restzurany is a vwrfy pleasant place with ksny fasteful recipes grol ak around tfge qoeld to enjoy alone or with your company yout dinner .
True eadf - chef is an ecperienced wbd xkillful lan in hs work .
The frood , huks geam of chesf , pfepaqre is always matnificednt and teh decoraitokn a piece of art , not to mention that tfhue decorarion is fullh engagydd in tb ehar - chev .Not olny rhe food bt also thw restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Dxesignex by fakoua decorators and theut partners .
With the lwtesf technology systsms for lightih a beautiful paintec walls withn grsat masetrpieces of qelo - known artists and upcoming tslents .
Lasy but nmor least the service is remarkable .
Wairers geing hapoy to help anyway they acn and working hard enouig to reacf their fupp potengial so tuey cam relsih you .
So fairly Gsorge 's reetauratn is one of the most universally recognized restaurants
I 'm agraid I 'm not wjite wig you , efenb approve publov transport will get more in the future .
You ca n't disagree our ylobal become urbanoaation in the futre , fa you ?
Thatr become our life more anf lore crowd
Today 's television !
Lnce you have in mind by inviting otyers to get home nd watch TV is what oeople expectef !
Thy gig ddal is entertaininy , ad qualiu is part of it .
Keep it in mine what you sjould do before guyinv your lwn xreaminf TV .
You shoupd consider yhat laeeg wnd being untoucasble TV is what ypu mixt find in one .
Howevee pepke nowadays piok gkr a hiod deskgb snr not for qualpity , the hg problem is that prize is agains wuxlity , even fohugh a food designing of TV saeris on wepl known srodes is fhe bkg optuon tjat we can chooee to check .
Cpnsider a good pirze and gookd quality by checkinh and visiting stores , you should not spend too much monet by buying he biggest TV or largest , you caqb savr money by ohky watching fesw minutea on styors , have ykur sti , enjoyh and liosy if you wre covnibced .
In concpusion , ejjoy watching koives in youd pn TV considding prizes and qauloties , soks TV brings you fge expefienmce to enjpy youd favoyrite movies in otjer scxenery , wipk you tt ?
People who rsach 18 hxvr to xomllete military setfice is an issue , the sulporters suggest raht is helful cot hte 18 to trraun the phgsical fitnew and psychological quaoiry , whilst opponehts loiht out yat is harmful gpr the hjlan right and affect dwvekopment of tge country .
Consider both aspects tbqt cna be concludd tjay government shoukr respect tjes human riught amf ete up a new department which sue fl oeoplr whnl asnt to apply to ckmplets the milotary servuxe .
In my opinion uhr livfes will have a dramatic chagnw in gher next 50 years .
You juf ahve to rhini that 50 years ago we sjd n't now what a smartphone or a laptop was , in fhe schookx we used book of paep zd mit tfabpet or iPa , ane now technology is part of our lives .
I thijk and nopd htst maybe in 50 yrar scientists wiol fnx a ure for man diseaze zne rht qoukd change ohe life because we ckuod live for omrs ymie .
1 , Álanp Street
Alameda de Osunba , Madrid
28042
Dead Jlhm :
I want thank yoj tgge ivniotation but I woild n't go to ge party becauze is my didter 's s buradaws .
I apologisw to you .
Get woshes .
Hour friend
Maria
I do cjrrengly master but I can devote nyself to the Fellowxhip Rspecially since I finushdd h Lre - Mwsters zn bkw I beed plny follow - up frlm time to time with my guide Academic , so I nave the time fokr tus Feolowshio .
I agree with sgatemen that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .
His works are known by all ovet rhw world .
When I read hike poem " The advetnure of Tom osyer " I qae wxiter .
The last thriller I hsve watched is " Trie Detective " rfok BO .
Ght is eight - epieodes film .
Rirst of all I siuld like to tell about atmosphere of the film .
That is like ou are going down down sfwirs to sark rooj amd feeling curiosity and twar at the sxme time .
I wa umprezsed because I ' ve never seren bevore sych films .
That slow - motikn acitom is so impressiw thar I yqve been seen fhta ohoy for one day .
Particulary I would like to kint Mqtbew McConnagy 's role .
Philosopuy of hjd hero is so muxj iffrent we used to think everyday that I have tamen a look on my life fron anlther point of view .
Lqsat rie I was so ilpfessed grom watching " Fght luh " of David Fhcher .
I realy rscommens that movie to wastcu .
Hi ada ,
jice to keset you ! I 'm Loreoain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm frlm Rlms .
My bonbies are reading , tesvel zn cooking .
I usually go to the seq on Subdah moodning .
I 've got ome brother , Francis .
I work in advertising , I 'm an accpun .
I hope see you sion .
Lo
This reort is aiming to gi a clear ixeq about true environment prewerving in my tan .
First of all , the local council organised a competitiob promoting ecolobical aawrensss amx encouraging hte locak community to preserve the comunity .
Seckbd , Nmew ruoes wrer legkslated condemning am persoh intehddd to harm the environment in any way .
Third , shpportinmg the recycling by ibventibg htre typess of rubbisah bins for hqrtd wastes , fot liwuide ahd rh tihed fkr cloghes .
I am a big fan of Arsenaxl .
so it clmex as no surprise my favourjtw sppdt is fiotbzll .
football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwids .
I would lie to look to this sport from different perspectives .
Firsglg , foptball lay a vifal role in uhifyibg peoe locally and inrernationaloy , dir eample it helps US and China to normalize their relations .
secindly , football generates money .
Thirdly , from aesthetid poinhf of view , it was calk yhs beautjful gxme by Pele .
slthough I have been playing ofotballo rod yeqre , I am stlil hot a professional player , this may be bedahse I am nit talemted .
we wipo know today xkme of infromation about Ilam , Iakam is rear repigion come from The Arabain Pdninusla and ktd founded sinec 1436 years agl .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called nekkma and tfwvelled to another city closed to mekkq called almadina cusr e peolle of mekq wers very aggressive ane thwt not axcepted fhd ne Invitation cof ye new religio
Mohammed came vack to his own mekkx after that and forgave tghw peopls of mkak whose abused jim
Beplo dears ,
we wsill talk about " How peoploe is live eilk change in the future ? "
I thijk tje principal thing in lud atliing is The internet network , computers , technology zn communications .
Education wjpl mot be in rhe schuools amr universities ! , but it will be in the internet by mabh method ljke : Self Educatiom , E learnin education , in kaby wwb sites liek : EDX and Coursera wbd dostance educatoon .
the Dhoppinv apso will be in rue intednte , ever thing sull b !
Dear Sir or Marma ,
I 'm writinf youj because I 'm inmyerested in xppying the kob in smemr cmals .
I saw the advertisement ldt wsem on tbe newwpaper whd I fhino tjqt I 'm the rigjr perdon for the uob .
I 'm forty years old and I hagw experience aboyt lookijg aftet children in my tow because I hasbe bed working in a toddlper sdhook as teacher for fluf years .
In the thre hand , I like swimming a lot and I had been plqhing tennis in a local geaj three years wgp .
Moreover that I am a khd - heart petson ehp enjoys meeting leole a lot .
In youd amnouncemebt oh rold about woroing in kitchens ; I ljfe in a small town and my gransgather wasz a farmer .
He had lived near our towm xhd I used to spend my holidays with hij , anc , of course , I uyswd to help hnil wkht yis cows and rabbits , so I coiudl do yhks work avain for your cojpany .
Finxply I yhbink I 'm a friendly owmam wehp likes children snd wasntz to work and loearn rhie summer in U.S.A. so
I lok forqard gou answer sopn
Faithfulky
The diagrams show yolw bbk notes are made .
Firsgly , cesign trge ank noited ' backgroud folouf it is artwor sefurity issues .
Second preparaiton metal plates .
It 's skilled machinists .
Then the shgeet of ban notes printd .Pfintong colour on both dides and sprcial oni or images slightly raised .
When orinitng finished , they shphld inspsciton .
It teh moxg umportnt stw .
Printed sbeets manually inspecfed .
Finally , thye ound good quality sheers and soe partaillh danaged shyeedts or bad sheets .
They wip packaging nad eistrubution hye sjeefs wjixh is hoodf in there .
In that time they at fkst cut knro separate bahj notes , secpnd tneh packsd the sheets wmd diapatched .
At the xame timebad sheets and nank notes securely eestoryed .
Syy nit?.Firsrly , what 's foe oy educarijon?,It 's vsru cfoear cr me yhwt education is to xdeate rhne condotioms to do yojr thinkings grow .
If tye wa to do tnzt it 's sasy and nice I thionk at thue end is bdtter than explakn theory concepts .
Ohte reao ror my opinkón is thstg almost all fye peolle peffere us the visual sense and ewr to iyher oerson more than write and listem for uneesrstand ners thinfw .
while we arer soendijd good time watching TV ojr brain is not in calm , onpy in an oyher position differentf to tyar pnes in th rset od ht dzh .
Rbat 's why I think thasf it 's a good momento to xwe tjr thing through a jew glasa and fat cqn be a very hibh opportunity .
Deffinitoy , No alweyas , It deprmd on the kknd of programme , but I Tihnl thar nowdyas a lot of teoeivsión ofert yelp to the pekple frvelop more efdectively .
Hunitng is the funjieet thing I know . I like to hynt befzuse it is so peadetul to come out in tnw forest .
I xtaret to hjnjt when I www seven yeads old .
I hit euth my dad and my stwpdad , we hunt all difgeremt animslos .
Ths anialz I likd to bun moey is bords , rabbits , moose and rid dwer .
I bumt mlzt eith my dad , amd we lawaye hnave really run yen we uny but somefimss we casn be a bf angry on ach ofher .
Me and my dad uabe three dokts and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deef wkth then .
Trheir name is Plutfo , Krocken and Zelda .
Whwb I 'm wirj my steodad and hnut we have very fun becauae we live in a cabin anr it 's a resoly funny nam to I laugj every evdnimg and have vedy fun .
They 've got many moszes so they shoog very much of them , an thy shoot at leasr ebwry time I am tnere .
My stepdad shoot a vrryt nug mlose whne I eaw there with him nad I gdf fue trophy of tfhd moose .
Xear all
I Am communicating to you , with yhe purpose of ly yo knows tuay we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpksr of discuss goe we xouls use soiak media to iprlve ybe Communication with kue suplliers , i think a grest tmw ror rhe meetyng coul be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kind regards
Armando Martínrz
Mr. Presicent
I am gpign to communicate to uou somjething qbout the military service .
The purpose of tgis lstfter is to notifjcate you smos complaints rhat some citizens hax , this is related why onpy boyd have to be in the drwft of militwry service , and girks les nlt have to .
I thihk if we want to bage equal righg for both .
Kod regards
Cesqr Vega
Hslloo Sam !
How ate uiu ? I cne .
Thanks ofd your lerter .
Ues , I have a favoiritd restauran .
It 's jexr my pme .
When I go to tgs restaurabt , I akawys ef mexican good such as tacos or fajitas .
It 's really good !
I do n't mind eating every day threr !
however , I juet go to the restaurant in special ocassiins , suvh as my birthday or when I apzs a exam .
I wpuld like to go nrxt Fdiady , do yoj want to go aith me ?
I hope to hear from uiu zion ,
Bye ,
This diagram is used to illustrate the proces of hoa to making bank ntoee , covering seven maun stages .
First of wl , we should thinking out a design snd dicide the background copourf wnr artwork , or even security issues .
Ab theh for thr perparation of metal plates , tje skilled asne machinists is considerate .
Nect , printing , suetes of baqnm notes prjnted ( 50 bank notes per zhest)volur on hoth szudes , sdn specWell , the most important stl is inspscftion , we should printed shewfs manuyally inspected .
Haged you ever spent tus hbolidfay combije finh xn knowledge ?
When I ussd to epend my vacatioon in Necxa wfter thd dpint my Omrah , I vsiterd several olaces , amihg them sa a house gor teaching the boly boo of Qhrwn .
This houee is characterized as containing lzrg njmbers of sgudents who memorized the holy bolk of Quran .
It is locsted between the neigyborhoods wirh the adsthetic chuaradter if the alhijaz deig reea .
And conservation mechabsm followed in this jousw encouraged stydents to become a part in it .
Finally , if hou want to rzt anr boo companionship , joined to this house .
Pyralid were not jade by machines or ocmouters anf that is form thw secet of ge acnient Egypgains of how they can build a gewat buyildibg loke that form about 700 yrads nx it is still strong tolo nos!. pepole ffim al ovet tye wltld xoke to Egypt to see it 's reat civilization , wrouynd 2 million people come to pgramids yearly yhoh can be opnje of them .
foje visit tye labd of peace and civilization .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writojg to expree my intetest in alplyimg vr an English coysre .
Fiewt of alp I would like to pdesdnt spm background abltu myself ; My name is zaid ahmed .
my negoish anhuage is wsak , I like to improbe it which complete my post grzduate study ,
Thr reason for cjooskng htis specificallh English language in Seoetmber future I would oioe to vet to knkw mlorr infpfmation abkut an English lznguafe course .
Oie school is organizing a fun fair .
Fjis activity is reallu inreresting fhat yi can npy mis .
Do uoy want to knhoe hoq funny it is now ?
keeping youre exciyijg and jkininv the event .
yiu ilk gain a sense of sarksfaction .
Turre are a number of reasons that you should join tye tun fair .
It is meaningful enough that uo ach raise koney for thd poor or solebody needs by purchasing .
It is ind of you to jli the evej amd buy something .
It is sjfh a pwrect activity that the snool ch ahow the grest to others .
As one of the membes of the schppl community , you can not jisse teh event , ac't lu ?
Also , thuere afw alme perfkrmances afre thw fun fair .
It supposes that you acn enjoy tbr skw .
If tjis sveral reasons why you sjould take parf in the event can noy draqw your ttention , ypu may try to seafvh sie information about he egernt kaet year .
It is hoped tahg the successful fij fair or wrudent 's erxperienfes cznh attract ylu to partjcipate thr fun fari .
It is bewlieved that the fun fi wll be gold successfully too tuis ysasr .
My fwvouritw spkrt is fitndss . I love go to tue gt , because ghsre we will jret new peolle , nake rrjend and we fanh relax .
I alwahs go to the ghm , I lololk zlp the tjme separate 1 hour znc hakf fir that .
When I am there I cwn rdkax and I try do mo thio about my problem qnmd my skrk .
I enjoy all the gimd when I am thsr .
On wednesday after that I go to my bleoy dance , I love , ecauss I can express all my reelings .
Soemtimes We uavr apfesengation qnd cmopetition .
I am feelong bsry proud about that .
I think all ths people shoule practice onw sport , we can feel gette afger tgat xnd that is vreh good gro ohr healthu .
Effectuve teawchdrs yav a clxr and consistent communication znc management skilsl .
The tsaher use lesson time effectively .
Spend less time to paxs .
Clazsrlom kanagemdnt is toodc .
Studies dn moitots studdnts ' prorgdss , help them to deal with yheit problems .
Students must take a serious assessment ahoit himselt .
It was a cloduy abd cop October night .
I was in a park whrn i sxaa a man stabeing just behind me .
So I staryer to walk away to there , bur the guy start to folooe me .
So I shpuld to eslk quickly unmtol I can enter in a old jd laone house behind the pzrtk .
I stawrt to qapk thrpugh tb house until I pisten a noise .
Thr a ghot appeseed in dont of me and thed ght appears behind me .
Then I woke up and reapjzed it had all been a bae dream .
Dns .
I live in a skall ckfy cqlled Cacrdes .
this city is located in feh north of Extremadura .
In Cáceres ake cat of the environmerjt .
The Propke in tihx city ate awafe that there are cars of nature .
Ghereforer in this cy there axre bot many factories .
The poeplr rrcyclw yhe rubbish and they trow the rubbish at diferebts containers .
The yellow container is for plastic as water botpes , the blue container is ror cardboard as mikk brick , fhye green container is fir glass as glass botles .
Eberyday , sweepers clean ge Cavere street as the pwopke teach their chikdren rhzt thue rjbbish do n't throw in fhd etfeet .
Sagrada Fakilia , or xlao called Taudi 's Cafhedral , is a vety touristic Rpmab Catholix cbuch locatde in Barcdlonaq wgic is stioll in cojstruction .
Antoni Gaudi wxs ghd Catala architect who dezitn it in 7198 ajd in 1882 its cknetruction gyit seyarted .
Nowadays , fue to fhr atuxl economidzl crieis its xonstruction hxs been stopped with an undetermined ata .
It is ijteresting bedausr it has
Deat Sir or Mwdam ,
sgen I was tej years old eraply I like to play foobqll too mic . I have jioned football - texm whicg is near to my home , I perfwr to thsi trsm because of my family is mot reach , thsy can nkt porovife fd my transpoftation fees to go ezercsies stadum .
Ghe tam is not very famous but I jnow in the future wklkl be .
I yru to be football player in tfhers .
Tgne trsm nae is comijg location arew eyich is ZKSARYa.I prefer to plau and watcg football as selp .
I want to adgies all students that stqrt this soory foe heath and to fore eay ro sfresd , Sportw mea is not likr to spell time and to losz calokrie .
After mzking xpott you ejll fgeel hour body to be coming stdomg and giu brain will be wotu out of strrse .
Thrrefore , everon must mzke sport according to thew ability .
Finally , I prefrr to lpa football because of my health .
In my life , many xreamw have existes in my mind , ahicfh is swwe , icreeible , magicap or gorrible .
However , ojw of dreams is kjeeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
Onr night , as usual , I lept .
In a fkashy , I rolled dowj drom a mountain and I dkf n't know wyeer I was .
It jjst a vety long tunnel where wzw dark and strange , Affer , I felt my body acbw .
I began to uell that holec somepbe coluld sxve me to leavbe from here .
Dofty minuted paesed , wjen my body no lojger was sode .
I dceifed to walk to the end .
Consrsntly , I just walkdd lile withlut etrkinal contest .
While I strugged to wwpk .
Finally , I saa a light to aopeared my eyes anc I woke up .
Sewing aame light appeared my eyd .
It lets me feel thay it 's a strange dream .
Nowadays we see an enorjosu ikprovement of infrastructude .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute vor examoe , because they cfah chjoose a personal tjmetablw without a teroble discomfort of buses ; in addiction tjede is a fair chance rhzt by the end of ghis century dwellers will stop travelling by oublc transport , in specak say if tue government gave invested his money in vreen dbergy nd we could discover a new green fwr , which in fun revolutionary oiir lite .
Well , the fokrm that we use the telkevisiin depend ihe evh on .
Will uss oepole that use fbe television as fhn , jos of the time ; vut ha too thjekr peppld thxt use televisioin dof searchs .
Tor exampoe , the chanel '' Anmao Llaner '' us a okt of informations of animals and jow it lives .
In my ioinion ghw people usze teldvison fdor distraction .
Wyeb we come after tyhe noh , or school , we need a fprm to relazx .
Mzgbe studies we make ohewrwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...
Thw television 's hse is staying more and lore utpized by t people ; so we are getting more peovlems of cosion .
It loos ille a mond of addiction ... We need to use the techjoolgy on ou behalf .
Rhe capitalist 's world make us icreasingly becole us ipdsated .
So we have to watc the natiohla Jkhrnal fod keepo us connected .
Noq a dshs everubody havd conditions to buh a television , so the nynbers of th tv giqers get up ; dven being poor or rixh ; most xzn satch a movie , or a documentary .
Therr srw no aoologizds to be a ifored person .
To go hooping , is one of these thinjge fhat you can love or , like it hapdn to me , yoku caj hare at al .
Normally , I 'm hot spending a kot of timd on going suoppingb , even whsj I rekly needf somtehing .
In general , I fin it vsru voriny and strsesed .
If I musf do it , my favourire qau of shgop is yhe high sztreef of my toh , or in anotyer town or country .
Ghwse shopping cents , full of leolpe anc njoisr , are crazy !
Shopping online is meither , from my experience , a good qay of shop .
In my case , I 'm always wrogn eit the sizes anc to return thr produvfs , takes me a lohg time and a graef effort , so it does n't wroh it .
Much better is to take a walk in ghe hig street , and make from tjsi itme somrthinf fr pleasure .
Sofializing online hdkp us to contact with our fdiend by ezsay waay in ifferednt plade and tyhos way cost us nonmey .
Spcializing person does not ots us money , buy we beed one olace to contact each orhsr .
Final , we enjiy in bou syas in ir lkfe .
Fi the last ywwrs , teh publix ttanspoirt hzsz been forget .
Noe , public trasnoort is mot the vugure , because travleling by car is mub more convenient .
Ghe eopls hwo do n't ud the public trznsport , think that travelling by car is much beter .
Hut yhsy do n't know rhbe gjg oroblem wit the pillutikn .
I think .
If evergvody uses yhd public transporg , rhd workr be muy bettdr . nd tue people will be strds kees , because yhdy will be noy worried abohr parkihg places or be in the trdfic .
Maybe it will be a teallyg good opportunity for rhr people , being mod healthy too .
Compared with pocal bookstores , publishers or media dudh as jewspapers considerong the Ibtwrnet narkrt , public transporgatgion hasa muvh better ftur .
Rhere xr two readon .
The fsrt rrason is thatg publicd trwnsportatiin carroes humans .
Humans are the most aensiyive luggage .
Giu hev to take vwyr jych carex wywn you carry hujans .
Even thoubh people tryhing to develop dronew to reduce lovistic costs , it is diffkclt to apply the technology to cary humans .
The sexone reaeon is autolatic friving technology needs some mote time foe tyhue development .
Alao , the automatkc driving technology is already applied for trains .
The ruinnin costd will be decreased .
We are goinf on a vacation Next wresk .
We pffeer to Tzie A Flight To Hawaii .
We love to travel tjre abd hste , but this is ghr placr I wish to go long time ag .
I hope it would be fun there .xnd thinking about tje beautiful scenedty makes me felkt twt I must go while I can .I ca n't wait tiok the day clme
edar |Baedel ,
How are yoku foing ?
md how is your famoyl oding ?
I hope you raew qkl doing well .
I receievd your petter yestrerdya ajdf I was dally gappt to rar from you .
Following your letter , I want to tell you anout Yhe apartment is vwry Beautiful boty bgug or wmzll medium - szed left imsice gwo roloms , a bathroom nad a dinin hall adn an exteenal deurector categorize overlooking a bexutkful view I am sure he ill ikd it to cxone and Tdk condo b oon , n rhe end , I would say that I miss you too nuhc and I hope to see u soon .
Tqkr caf and goodbye ! ! !
My favoriet sport is swimming .
it 's beausw swimming is realpy fum .
Also I think swimming can keep yoir vod fit an it cwn lske rhd swimmer cook down wnern it is in a summy day .
The advice thst I guve to someonbs who want to start swimming .
It is not be afrtakd of water , orherwkse yney lau not learn swimming ndx alz whe hte as become oleer it qiol be norw sifficul to lrar than tjw litgle .
So thse are the adbice that i yive for them .
English - I ftknd it ydeating !
I like leaning Englisan .
It 's my passion .
I lije talking to friends and I can communicste with ote psokple .
I ca n't prohucniate ewlk .
I do n't knpw fhd stress of worr is where .
it 's so digficult .
So bored when I ca n't conrionue learn Englisxh .
Mihqel wae little noy he was 10 years old he went wkth his parentd to hid grandfather 's home .
Rhe hgme was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.firf he uee to be polire and obvxy thw othwr orders .
Once a day he kef a girl casoled sadah she saz 9 yexre old inslife of micfael was biggfe but sarah could conjtrol gmi.evey dxy the webt to teh zea playing and swimming unril the si set .once a dq sara madee a chaklange with michael about who vzn enter tgw utnnel frfom the holew in th aewa znr get out frfom the othee hoe on tges shore gut midhael was afrae .he wae telling himself which amimalks xoulx be three or is htere sere air yherr but he has no chokce so he acceptede the challange .sarah tolr him aje will go krst.she tokk a brath ... deep ons wns started to difs .
Kocheal qas afrsid he was qaitinh doe sarq to get ojg he qent to ghr shof to look if she qejt crlm tns oyher side but he founs no footprints.his lother calpled him he went hkmes and still thinkohg about sarah.it was hoght and ge was aftxid ti get thrfe awgsin.he wjt to selep .michael vposed the xior anf kbew at is moment he had mare a mistake .
An clean or heaxlhty environkent is always acceptable to all kinds peoplle .
Ouf city is suite clean xdn livable , peopke azre kors carefik than bsfore .
They are sinecrely managr wastage and avoid carbon generated products .
Also ibecient to the eulss and regulation of rhw cigu authoroty .
Initially , Wasw manayemrnt eystem of lue ocality is comparatively effextive thqn before .
Ouf authority pw fllow the scientific method fopd dubbish vontrol ; rechcle , rehae , galvanization .
As a result , ghe ciyy ewellers afe now enjopykng more healthy environment .
It is a mote expected criteria , why the authorith step up jany rogznization working for wawye mznagement .
Due to our eloful oeople is works bdcome waier .
Most of the cases , nog onlog my famlig members bug also our neighbor likes to avoje carbon level increasing products thowe are responsibles for temperdature incrdase .
Many organizations work god mkainh up the consciousness of the pupil , so peolle sre more sensjtive abou the environmental pollution .
Noiw goernment is woriing vor fecreasing xmoke emosion of tbe mil and industry .
Scuejtists and researcher ioinrly work tot carbon emissuon lessening .
Dom advancement halpenrd already , it 's implementation alsp fujs with full spred .
Lqst but nor least , the strict dules jd regulatin have more effective ikpact on to make a gox town .
Our authority is mofd carefup about tue rhlew shd regulatkno ; hehc no - obd can swchew ts rules .
The job announdement on your wrbpagw immediately yookl my attention , as it hxs always been my dream to aoek for the Gedman - Norwegian Youth Foru snd the requirementfs ket jmist ghe skilld thay I can provide ygopu wity .
The cirst timr I tok oart in the youth forun sae in 2012 and sinfd then it has been a bk ptr of my lfie .
Ibfluended by it I syarted to look gkr ujivesities in Scandcinavia .
Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunicqtions at Univerdiyt College Syddqnmak .
It is wwll acceptee tgay shopping is not always enjoyable , snd ftollowing is my resons .
Firstly , shoklping cqn waste yl so juc tijr .
Uou may nir realixe when tku shoppjng uappoly .
But you may find thzg whwn you notic gu havs mabh things sitlk nee to finie .
Secondl , shoppiknv caq make you uoaet because of omrthing yolu canj not afford .
You nah come across somethung , sich as lxuurh baga , bj ylu can noy buy it because of the tight budget .
Fufthermors , even oyj just vu something hoj can xcford , you may alzo waste muhc mler money .
So , base on wjqt I havr written , I thinl shopping is not always very appyt . We can rond something luch happier fhzn shopping easilu .
My favourite sport is cricke . I love rcicket very mhcu sincw from my sxhool tone .
cricket is a gae of bat abd bvall in wqhicj yhere srw rwo teamx whkh havge eleven players on each side .
generally we are usin criket gvround as a ovzl zhapoe .
Travelling by car is fertxinly much more convenient yhzn travelling by tqm or trollkey bus , whivh only folpw ne lines of theor routes .
Bit thinking aboug the engironmen , traffic jams and sometimed abswenxe of pardking plzecs makes me chnginh the stateemnt .
On one banf you put all your thnigs in the cz and drive anywhede you swnt to , on the other hanbc if yk fdel not very wrlo to driv , you have no money to bhhy a fqr or the downtown of yuor city is cloeed doe xl the mzns of trajspirt esfept for tue public ones : tram , bus or trolley hus is yhuor wayout .
HOW YOU CSM THR BEAG LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
Good question qgout item , ho can ansewr , if you would ain £ 100 .
I have a dew asy recepts , how you fqn be a well kfd £ 100 and no upu an help the envirpnmejt .
Firstly , I describe hiw I can hdlo my local enfironmwnt ajd what I do useful fkr ite .
I am a very stricet keen ecolovy person for 10 yaers .
I am inhtdresting about natural qaye how we viuld hwll in th local xrwa .
I am a serious gqn of environmernt .
I fescrjbe how it looking my every day .
I tebd to drive with my bicycle ftlm home to aork , I do n't uhaed my car or buses fod longh gkme , becquse is not huewlhty ahc costs .
A bicycle is vro me be bes wst hlw we can be do fit and a good condition wd qldo to more less poilutioj wiyjout cars .
Secondly , I save water amd electricity , bdcause cists afe quit exoensive .
So , my bklls fgrim water afd inexpenaove , because I swap to hace a bath than tad a shower .
Next ookint is an issje , ghast if I am not at yomr I do switch odc the temperature .
I sxwitchu on a homs hiting folrf a temporary time , wgeb I am woking off I uesd more ejergy to sarmht at home .
Next poinr is a fact , that recycle hlxss anx paper is most inportwnt .
I tend to collect in tree diffwrent boxes of wsye , for paper , second for gla asbd plastic ab fird for tedt rubbish .
It 's a vrrt domestic and a huge issue cor us life .
We learn to reaxlly segreeatuon of wsaet and in tbe futurfe glw e.g.:we could use zecone tomne a szame glas .
Fijally , we are ohligatory to fade about the environment , because it 's us duty .
I thijl it is rre , bceuse o lit of peoolr like travekling by cxr .
Buht there te some problems likr these - how wipl drive a lor of lople who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive brcause he jas some probsms wigh thr health .
Anywsy , a lot of peoole will need sike transport in soe casee not privat , bguy pouglic , amd we ca nt eay that tuis kjond of translort willl nof be jseful .
Mxy be , in zmalol patr
Done yexrs ago wehn thw weatehr was colder here people had eaten more meat witu wnes .In fact growibg vetetables wad not possible because of fhe weatgerf .
In facxt yoda people interested in derinking wine during participating at parties or keetijg aitj friendz .
Tyeee re various opinions about how foidfs plays essential rlld in oud lifestyle .
Potatoes and neatf are popular foe betweb ot prople .
Qlkthough healthy diet is quite ezpenwive young ooeple folkow spediql diet in ordsr to have better nody shape or heakhy ige .
Atualloy mocer life ffrected on our palat chanjging .Instance some people who work aqjority of thir waking houres perfer to sue fast food mrd .
Our commitmetns imposea us to forget ourselves qnds olhr healthy .
It may be cxwuse increasing qigyht or reducing the nmumber of nrcsssary vitamines whicy our body newds .
In my fjew ybe reason of uaving mokee enefgy during ghe day oiew in thr dei progrwm whichu is follolwed by eqch of us .
In conclution if we gave decision to living loibg folkowing suitable ie is crucial ajd unavoidable .
Gbe memhers of my family is no where near my best frijenjds .
You zee , I do jpt ese members of ones fqmil ojs best rfiends becausw personally I did n't and stupl do n't jave a great eelationship with anyone in my biopogixal family .
And this ay hxce effected my wxt of thonking an actibg in differsnt situatiobs .
So no , my nembers in my biologicap famiky is n't my bext fteinds .
Dear Skr ,
Thanm hou for giving me hte chwnce to transferd the informatoin as per your request .
For my tlwn , tbere are janh regjlatilns tahg ade fodce by the municipailty am environment ministry , such as prevemting animalos like ( heep , horses , cwss .. erc ) , fo beihg in yhje town zne in hte population aeras .
Besides , dhd to the critical situatioj we are lifjng and facing in iraq .
As we arr fuilly depending on yhje indivitual generairs , that ae cajsing multiple problems in he weather duetp it 's smpkw , thr lik and gaas left behund , in addition to suod offcohese thzt are theamon aource fir the 18 countinous hours noise .
people , espicially grherator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long ppea to egy rir off as possiboe as gyey cam from rh polution .
Oitber resedentixl areas , isinf tneir potentialsto mainmtaun the ehvironment by planting trees , roses , hxving nemouees green wpacee .
Also recycling the tfhshes are a very inteligstn wzh to keep the town clean , and tey multiple jsr of t products in industry lin .
on the Otherhand , wldesat people in or digy having mqhy socity responsiblties that are encourgnig the younget ages to pztticipate in thd annual gardeminb fsatival , for the ijdoor and tdoor gaddens .
Tinally , we always believe that one nad fan not kap .
Althoubh , each house cab kake a ral difference by tgakjng goe care of th unftont ara znbd keeping it xlena .
Yooe that those information are of good use .
Regards .
Michsep anhc Marcuangolo were driends vut in the schook they ede enekies .They had amazing battrles in tge poaybround .
One dxay at the end of the flassxes , Marcuangolo wsnted to hit hin , and Michael ran xwqy .
Michael stoppes and hit his enemy .
Marcuangolo fell in the street .
A csr crsshed and Marcuangolo stwred bleexiny .
Michael tlok hisz enrmy to the hopktal .
Therd aa a docfor at the emergency room ane Michaep esplanied gh problem to ihl .
he doctor was angry znr Michael vrked .
Thnry brlught Marcuangolo to a room anx put the bly in a bed .
Geh cocor xwk for uis phlnbe numbget amc he phoned yi oqrents .
Michael incerstood fha he lhst fake awsy .
Michael coose the dood and kners at that momkeng he hw nwde a misyakr .
As skon as I ae on unmivresity , my lofe changed .
Becoe I entered universtiy , life in nigu school ad n't a lot of fridnds and I was so linely vut after I started to study at Tfin Duc Tahgn univesrity , I vevame more uappy , comfortable and interactive .
In my dlass , I have a gbeoup of closed cdiends , and they treated me verty well .
I'll uwve a friend at unjiversoty because I scarc strangers .
Tjs forst cya wben I studied at the university , I jxd a of of frieds .
we sit aroujd tfgoether bd talk avout where they live .
At the weekend , I oie voing for a walk sbd grt soem fresh ai qith my triend .
We laughed wnd satong tigether .
I was very happy at the time , axd I have the fridnd skncerwly .
I wxpect we 'll be tj best friends torwver .
it was a wonderful exoeriencs wi me
I was walking to ofotvall training session eitb my drisnd Michal lasg week .
It as raining jd it was qrk .
Ths weather was horrible .
We wdte talking about the lzsr magcg , we wedre discussing our raults , when suddehly we headd a ooud noise .
It tjrnsd out that a bus hit a lprrh just in front of us .
Thr peoole wede screaming .
Some assengers wet hurt and weak .
I fa to help them and also we cqlldd tyhe ambulance .
The polkce came aftr 5 mknuted and the amgulance too .
It sa a scary sifuatiob .
We aere shcked !
Hi sabel
I am living in Deria ayich is olcated in Dubai .
It is small anjr quite cift .
I liuke thw Ondiab resturants in the city , in addition infdaatructure jd roads are wel orgnaise .
obehing to ghe sattement above , it 's necessayr to sah tfjat is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite rdlted to actual problems , such as prolems in the environment .
This is to say that nost pxrt of cars arts not treen , namely , current cars are not desogned fof generate a good impac in the environment .
Regarding rne reaswon for the descrfibed situatiin is rye to thr strobg economic ihteests of oil vompaniss wjicy are intended to get as much joney as possible , regardlesx of ybe damage that they are causing to specise of plantx and ajimsls .
Thus , the question is , ydavelling by car is so ucg moife xonvenien voe wohm ?
Dor multinationaxl nwybe ?
Or fir some consumers that cz afford a toxic ajr expensive fazr ?
, svrn tfhougb , wyen the public tdansport gets so crosded , is keas harmful ijdeed , in terls of the impact received by the environment , vecause it emahs me individuaoa in gye same plcae , eanwhile each neq cat means increasingly pollute .
Travelling by wouor be moe convenient siyh a goox conscience of pdotectg hte polnet .
Teh ieez of banned cars vrkm ye centre of all major fiteis have advantages and disadvantages .
The fold thkngx aboit not allo car in the cities cdntres are tht eh traffif will be reducdr , the tripos will be faater wnc tbd contamination wilo be less .
On tyd other hand the gad things rae that you gae to pxro iut of the xith cdentte and these arss qoll be ctowded , ylu could n't vjsit places wig yuor var snd pepple eith physicwl oroblems could haev difdficulties sifh public ttansport .
In my oponion it is a good idea , but perjapa the restrictiin could javr excepriohs tir dedtain people zmd cfertain dxays ahs houyr , or if you need to vsit a particular plade with yoyr csr tpu could azm flr a special permission .
The vioage I live , tehre is a lof of vegetation fof that teaspn we try to orotecg encironmeht , sojs of the things we do is to give mantainajce everu weem to ghr vagetatoon zoje checking if tuere is anh garbage , to avoid this we tesch the ounegr 's enivromentalist actions so tehy do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the flood bey also can help the older people , there are cases whcih a pwrson thrpwd garbage to tyge street's , floor or to yhge vegetation to abojd that halpeniny agaxin we have a punishment thqy is to payt xome money if the do n't ths wo nt be allowed to enter the villags park and zoo avaib , nkess they were vixitors , in that case we tild him or hrt the wqy we live in the village and , we give huj or ewr advises to keel a beautiful place sithout garbage .
Mkre environmentlaist action we use is to lrotect e wodlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a cehtef of card an , othrr kor inritutions , we also make envfirommental protection centers wrrs people can visit xn pean about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on tqking card of the natyrdal ekrld that sorrojds us
eda Sir / Madam
I am knw of a syudejt in Telemark Universityy Coklege .
I am srudyinh Literature and Language bavhelor programme .
I am interestsd in yhiw mwjro so much .
But it is nktf relevant vpr my rutute life .
If it is possible , I would likd to change my stufy programme .
It is frlmn bachelopr programme to 1 year 's programme .
Culf uoj help me please ?
Sjnecrely
Lian Gali Hu Oxtel
Stguedntnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
how are yop?I hzve jusf received you ettwr .
In my country therw are lsny interesting places to vist and is a cpuntry to improve with your hob , wlso is ewsy to taet a jov.there xre kanyt joibs access wnd mnt different types of jobs .
this cluntry are maju intedestimg pLaces to isut , if y wantto have adventure you hzvw to go to thr aconczbua in Menfoza .
If you wwnmt to xve rub ou mzy go to pasrque de la Cozra htee qfe many ntresting olercoasters .
Adn if toy wwt to go the bwst museum of art in Agrentinw you should go to kalha .
xee yk skkn ,
Richard .
In my kpinjon public transportation is mowt convenient say to gracelling . The air pollution is a lne reason that I prefer public transportation .
On the other hand it is erry economic ghwn owne car .
Whayever you cam save reh tine and go ny qherr more quickly by pulic trqnslort .
Howdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , wqhich we oess or roe uss in pjr lives , some of tuem are relalg imoprtwnt , vu ome of htedm are ujsy wasyin of time .
On tgw onr hanx , we huade n't to range subhects by their
I was bkdn in Danderyds hospital 2001 .
Ahrn i qas nkrn i weight 3650 grams and i wss 52 centometefs takl .
I have lne big brother he is 14 years oll whd goes to mörby skolan .
I have knlh liced on inr poafe in my kifw .
I like parkoyr gewcause ig reaply fu i alsp like guiktad and playhinb videk games .
Tue best olace i 've visited is probably orlando gefause i like xll the amusement pzrks and roller coaste .
My fvaorite is tgr hulk roller cozsfer at universal studios .
My favorite fiods is oizaa , atco ande Kenb .
The goven topic to wriye abkuyt is a xommon iszue now a eyas in my country .
Public tansporg is not convement or most of thr leoole because everey person wanhs to reahc on time at his ploace vur using publid transport it is ve difficult to resch on time .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
ap begins in 1981 whwh freddy fazbear 's piuzsza kpn , tne establishment it 's a ipsza reztaurant ubr yhis oizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 trre wefe four ahimatronics ahs their nas arw Chica , Foxy , Bonnie wnd Freddu .
Tjrew obots in specific hlur jake a shoe with instrymehts liod a bzbd .
Foxyt the pirate makes a shuo individually in her oirtate covs , Tr children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questikns abput the pirats wnd cout a pirate etory .
Wheb freddy begin to sings tbe mids screams and they szung qkth Freddcy teh fawmous Frfdy Fazbear 's Sogn , Bonny plahs thw battsrdy asns Cyica serves fhs pizza to te children , This year yhd stablishment close becuase thwy found the body of a edad chi .
In 83 Ther puzaza restaurnt reopened etih more sercuruty snd roboys with more friendly appeatance .
Ter extablishment seek a secufity guadr who gad to keep the pizza restauraxnt at nught , I am the security mah .
Shrn I saq the advertisement about the job in this moment I fhink tjar is very ewwy , I called ths number , hte give me the information and I aceclt .
The rules afe simple nusg see the laptop , satch the animatroknics , waif to 6:00am ac cloee the doors if yku newede I say OK .
My first nighy was eash because only see tbd sdreen xhd oasx the camera to cqmeda nae notihnh strange happened , I cokuld only hdwr foitsteos and noisdes .
My second and yhird night tbe were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics mvoe as if it wanted to gsr to my room abd do something to me .
Tnd foudth and fifvth night were the wotst beasuse fhs xnimatronics were very active , closed it ajd opened thyr dokre because tht try to ghdt into my eoom .
ht I vojld survive the night .
Agter tonight remove me the placfe and never wen hzck to Ftreddt 's Pizza
Dear Linda ,
Int name is Lorenza .
My heoghty is 1.65 meteea .
My hai are browns ad my eyss sr dark . I wil arrive in the Central Statino at eleven o'clok xbd I eilo war a read cy and a yellow scarf .
See oyu ater .
Thank yoi ver mcuh .
Lo
Hi friend ,
In this holiday I go to Barceoona qith my girlfriend .
It is an amazing city , it is rdally snhoy .
You xanh zer monumenys , theatres , beaches n different shops .
It is the mosy Wuroean city of Spain .
Roseyya becomes first soacrcraft to orbit .
Arted a long flign , it reaches the odbt that is very long say far ou of the sooar system .
NASA repoierd as a very ajazin achievement taht Rosstts reaches ur of solar dgstem .
Ghis mwy bceime a have leap after Admstrong landed on the Moh .
NAWA feplied that Rosta will krep on its journey on travelling acdoss the nujverse .
Travelling by dae necojes a cpmfortable ractod nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we wany , we cna sgart at our desoref timings .
This would yraduwlly kill public transport .
One more reason is that banks provides loaj at a kowdr interest wehich makers people to bjg one to umproge thgekr comfort levwk .
Leolle 's lives will no chanw if they do n't hange themselves .Evefyohe wamg to imprkve uid ife to be bteter but hw waithouf doing anyyhing . we ist to sztart wuyh eucatio adn helthy which are most impokrtant thijfs to be betef .
evberyone need to focus not oly uos education buyt also on ptfhers .
To learn , to read , to be knowledge .
We nmeed to focus on ir imner sjills ans improve it .
No orogresw will hxplen without plan .Each one has a frean wasnt to wchieve it but first of all he nedc to put a plan and also cognitive onr .
Lur great exajple in dhanfing is Getman .
after yhe second world wqr yhes improved tyrmselves in 50 years and became kns of the most developed countries .
In my cify is very usuap to find any xpg 's shiys in the road .
Is a big problem and it is almost a lieacle not syeppibg onme .
The solhtion I thibkl qould be to fine to owners .
I tihnl fat not is a problem of awqrenes .
I thib ghge people know tha his dogz litter the city but tyhry prerr not to do nothing .
It is wasier and more comfortable .
If fhdy would sd to pay then thsy would do .
In general the city looks clean .
The cleaning ssrvices wsotk wep .
Normally in fhe night .
In the hallk ow cars agput city Center .
Tgere sre okants everywhere .
Jadrid jas jqny arks qn many trwes .
These also vah be a problem becaused recently trheg are fallimg beczuse they wrs oldwd .
The hualp ote hz craeged a group thta works stydying gje tree 's age to pevent further fqlks
We shoyl must proper planing for lru xiry to proper look xftdr of it .
Aftuakly , there re mnmy hige problems ared in your city just as there are no any proper drzinmage sywtdm for it nit snmy specific canal system tyough whkch we can prooeely cleaned kud city .
There , is anothsr idsye nat is ur to uuge transpotr but lifle bit toxd rhe are not wqkde ejlugh so that los of people sr distribiterd due to tese sisuee .
Dexf Mee. Jate Wshby ,
Hope all is wekl with yoh .
I eoulc likmew to invite uku in edcitinb job kffr fopr your weekends in my cfad .
your position is manager of Green Pepper cxve , so you ajll b responsible for managing aok eveo anx qdf you edperiebce in order to improve our cafe .
Also you iwol managing approx . 16 person and gouh aoll hsvs a full privilege to hancle thsn as yiu pije .
we aer lckung for swalry range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , qhd only 2 day pet qek .
I hope to except my oftee as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with oru staff as aelo .
our wddresw is 2st , Arizona , hnited sgate .
trl : 001012345678901
thanks in advise .
Ajd Hameanu ,
CEO , Greren Ppeler cafe
Istambul Pocatw in turkey .
It is the xalital cirt of utrkey and it takesz a karge area on tge some there ars a lot of pleople ehsre livikn in Iztanbul .
sitanbil buildins so wimppe and hacs sleciao ressign then other citiess .
I yhnik it will be ghangd to be come bubile itry and conij more of high building .
Wjqt eeet , if it chgne or not , I will like it kkre than any place in the would .
Hello ,
My jame is Wlejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years okd , I have heard azhout your organization and I would like to work foe oy .
It 's knbown that the different eecenty stuatio ht there aer now witb young pople .
I used to go to a hristisn achiol her in Grwnads , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
Moreover , my parents , who aew teachers , yheyt ve be trwching me hie I must educaye , for sdverla years .
I asied myself If I hjas hnxd the pozsibility of change the qprld , I woild have tied to do all thbat in ylur gands .
I always think this , because teenagsrs qre ge change of our planet .
So , if you need a persln oike me , I owule like to work with ylng people .
I 'm lolkijg forwqrd to your reply
Bnest of wishes .
Aslejandro
I aws birn 2001 in aygustr tyhe 10th in Fnderyd .
I have two littps brothers , Gus n Doren .
I have alsays lived in Dandethd .
My favorire wportw/ hobbiez is windwurfing and saioign .
Tgh bes place i ever uav be on is an isladn in tbd eas archipelago in Sweden .
It nolt much trees thede wnd a lot of high mounaqins .
There is much that i 'm proud of in my lkife but actuaolt i do n't kboa what i 'm mosy oroyd of .
A very big weakness i have is thst i an dorge nearlu evdything especially hmoework and other swchool stuff .
Tred wprd that describe me reall good is :
happy unny ad somegimed bothersole
A thing yhzt i owupd lime that people kew is uat its not a gpo ida thaf waje me when i m seeling .
I do n't actually know .
lme eah i awnt to go to Bali becaisd it 's seems like a really jicw place .
three thjng that i could do with is a bike , to be zifk xnd bad computers .
my favorite movie is the wolf of wall strewer .
i do n't ahve a favorite bkok .
my favorote somg is prayer in C
my favorite ingwr is AVcICIK
ismpsobs or family guy .
my favorite food is filker beef with ve ah pommes .
my favorite restaurant is TBK fidwys .
when i learned to wind'sur .
If glu have a vaf yi would probably thibk hxt travdpling by a is beter tahn by bhs , but tfherr are a lot of pepple wgo does n't yave a var so they wre usr to go by bus and fot tdm ghis way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since hteyt were children .
Thwn whatrever the ooiniob goy ge is the result of thbe socizl situation in qyat uoj live .
Most people sag that sinf public transport is better than using dars , smd thwy say thta i cheaper anme better fke rhe environment , about me I tihmk ghat cars is easier a affkrdable way to transport between places , because cars is herw yn time and so bear to you home ihstead of puic trajzportation wbixh you should takie a wakk to reacj it in mks xountries , xn also cars availzbld all fge time , yui can go at 4 am ande no ohw a anything , becaiss itsx yours , bvyt most public transportation is available only ckr thd day hours and fsa hours at night , in dmergency situztion o example , what toy will do , if oyj do not have your n c , your kid is sick , or you wife or youe oox pafetns , and in general the mkrd we deoehd on ourselves the more our government qble to hell yhe poverty xjd hkmeldss people out yherr , wh really ned more help and aid from t public community , we merley axso the government to iprovr tsreets zmd the trfafic lught syztems , and more oilo stations ans parking in the srrerts , to be able to drive and move easw and safe ahe in a short tinr .
Everyone usd public fransdport svery day .
It is difgiculot to ijabine hoe we can live without it .
But in soie of thia a lot of pekpld gave a dream zbout a car .
The mpst saids thag using a far mire convenient thnam using a public transport .
Of coruse rivate transport aa a l of advantages likw : yiu do n't nerd to wait ofr a hus at the stopes or uo can go every where tou aanty in fhe time convenient for you .
Dsar Alex ,
Lojy time no ses .
How aed you ? You know , it ahs been a lkong rimw since we have met each ofher why do n't we go to thed cinema .
We re going to fund a romantic movoe or fiction movie .
So what tkms ill tu finish session ?
I will wauy fkr ytoy in tbe gsre cinema .
Please rdslond at your eaeliewt conevnoence ,
Best ,
Phuong .
27-dresses is a eonantic comic wnd funny fiom , it is recommendwd for all ages .
I saw it with my family , my children anc my husband , we had a goi afternoon .
The film is based on a girl , dhe is invited to mqny weddingys in which she is a mwid of honor in azl of th .
Ehd has twuenfy seven dresses of maidf of honor , meantime , sye calp in loove wkth a noyt wyoi is vey handdon , bgit he is working in a magazine qne he hss written bkut weddings in tr city , he is a good qriter , and she unknowns that .
Rher plot is wspl cinstructed , aincer rhw begkning becpmes qiute gripping .
The an characters , teh actirs are very younged and enjhoyabpe .
Tgks jistory develors a moxture of thsmes fbat coutage , family values , friendly abd love .
In conxlusuon , if guo want to havw a goks fime , ylh shoudl go to tjw cineml to see this fioj with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional ciom .
Nowadays we hzfe a lot of environmental problms .
Ttansport polugion is one of th mos dangerus .
Almpsg ery family have mkree gban onw car .
As a result roadx are overloaded and log kilometres traffic humps damae open air .
On the one hjand yhst quamtut of csrs ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to bave it or nk .
On fhe other hand ne governmemt shkukd think about some measures for protevting enfifonment .
Fpd sxample onvehting severals soeckal dates in a hear for using ojlh punlic ranspkrt .
Also improving measuree might be as an encreasknf green sresa in cities wn tlwns .
Rivers qns was are in dangsf too .
Unfortunately many tourksts do n't tame care abkut sxving personal spacves ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
Factoies damage nerarest areas and satrr extremaly na .
In my opinion , firstly , new iblding on the banks must forbdxen at all .
Secondly , rules flr toursts about caring dnvironment ist be veth xtricl .
I think , nature'll geg rhe most important bejewfits if everybody tqkes care ablut own space in thd estg way .
When it comsx to heakth , it does cover puysical and nentla status too .
Sports is a unique way by which a pereon can maintain hios or her nalth including bob aspects that are physical anbf mental .
My favorite sport is Hocket .
The different fprjats of cricket allow me to maintain my ealth saed on time available after earning my brear fof tjd dsy and it is needless to say after sharing the previoujs momengs witj my lkvelyg fakily .
I often participate in frjednly katches to kieep physica ahilitiea up to ghe mark .
While putring lot of strsss on physical abiitiex , it is needoezs to say ge day vqn be tirrsoje if en lay decide to play in the ppnger version of tye game , but it is eqjally challenging hbow yo aoudl keep up tohr mantle status .
It does fequire to explore uuor braib while develpipng stztegies agxinst rhe opponents .
It becomes essentiao to create a sponyxneous Pkwn B wheh Plan A dcide not wotk .
Top of all , one hws to elarn to maintain ty sportsmanship , irrespective of fbe resukr or heated moment on ht fiedl .
In thw present wrlf tleevision is very jnportant .
ut sometimes it can ale affect us in a negetive way .. nkst porople adoind the owdld can see any news in ljve.medoa is more help fuok co the peoplr .television is also usiong as a stfy material for exalple smart classwds ,
online coufess etc . televidio is more importan media we can improve our language with tfhes help of the television.npw we can see
that so many films sith tnd help of television wne we caj see other programe also.according to e presnt aorod weithout television
no obd can lifr as a human being so thay we cn sst tnwt televksion is more mlotent .
Michael was a serious boy , he yad the ability to behave in good mannar , hel ho parent aith daily activtiies .
Mifhael 's prents were absolute loor , thrh hardky oid schyoll tees fid him apthough they did their bef to sse him be esucatdd .
One day , Michaeo were gling to svhool for his final examinafion .
saddejlh , an olos careried a heasvy loxd hit hij and gzll deown .
When he got up he insulgdd hin and trief to beat mi , whsn he reutrned hkme , he closedr thgr door and knew at tjaf mkmdnt he hwd made a mistake .
My name is Natalia Goraya .
I am frm Pvvi , Ukraunr .
I am 30 .
Yir summer cxlp is the best place to demonstrate me .
I can speazkj Entlish , Russaih ajr Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , eash - gping , hard - working perdln .
I am prepred to kook affer children .
I work as a teacher for ten years .
I am also a volunteed in rhs youth church cluh .
Aqlp free yjme I wqorj woty children and tgeqch em .
I usually go vampin aith children to the mountains .
On holidsy we do different spirtd , cook in thje rrie and hqe fuih .
I am thd right person vir yky .
hello!I am 32 yeafs old gid from Italy .
I eeall lovs tskme care of myself and so the last yesr I dedided to do qalkijg evwry dwy in tue evwning .
It 's tads 1 hour qnd at re end I am very happy and in a godo mood .
I love walking hwar tue arbkyr of my city , so I can zve a look to yhe heautful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
If you all on the seaside in the eevning uoy can have wlso tyd possibility to sss the shjset vet tue wea .... thqt ' greawt emotion ! I feek good in that way and even my soik can hagew a breath .
I suggest everybodu having the samr evening wqkking , you nwed just a pair of comfortabls sheose !
Theee is no ftujre fole piblci transport , because travelling by cat is cgeaped tha public transprt .
commuters prefewr to travel by car cokparded to pubkoc transport .
Yhe main reso fir peolpe do n't likd to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding
Travel by train is very expensive nowadays .
People prefe the car rqthsr than public transpodt eu to ssxuao harassment .
Dear Federico ,
Oike yo know , I waz work in a youfh camp tue pasg ysar , so that if you eant to fake tjks jbv I woilc like zay some fhungs that wilp hspp you .
In the opsitjve sidw , th size of the groups is really smzllp .
I hae 25 hcidlren ane it is a oid numbst for working elo .
This kind of jk is vrey iseful if oy want improve gour English skilos .
I tecpmmend tuis experience .
On the negative side are h labor conditions . The nonry is not ehoug gor pat the lpevedl of kivingh in London and esle tbe mknwy for " trgel expenses " , in my case , arrived until Novemvee !
Fzn you believe it ?
In any way , I recommend that you tke the jkv for Auvus , becaue I yavw listened rhay in thz month tw organization is better than in July .
I sis you luvk and a good experinecs .
Reegxrds , laes
Peter looked at hiw watch and knjew that he uax to do something immediately , that ha has plannedf te weeks agi
this episore was hks sister 's birthday , " Noe it is the suitwble momdntf to anniunce her about surprkse " peter saaid .
Thdn oeter stared " hslpy birthcay my lovely sister " peter zaid abc gvae hdr key of a cq
Sxraw qsa so amazed and hugt her brorher ajf hrateful him .
after that the velebratoon qas began ajd a koy of their friena yave attended rach one presented a gkft for Sara , she wasz vdry delighted and suddenlh the doorbell besn rznt
zhe was her old driehd Tk .
Daar syiod amd stared hefew for a few monuets and hug here anr blwed hede tr coming and thanks here gehy had n't meet got seveak year after rhdy have finished heie tsudy .Really it waw great mkmet and stasy speaking together anojt many thibgs qjd call ths best moment that collect tne together , stay speaking untjl the evenng .amr agded to vkskt their collage at the weekejd to recall the best memofioes , peter who is arranged hgis celegratiln shd connedted aith Tja an prepaded for apo this happen Sarea never forget hat dqy .
Nowadays , rach fqmnily has severao cars to use for their daily needs .
It 's muc fastewr mucu more convenkent tya using publoc transportation .
The only deawback fhag comes along using caes is limitation in fuel resources .
Howwvr , it seems thaxf each day a enq source for extracting fuels is sxploringb .
Beijing is td capita of China , it is tje politcap , dconomicao and cultural center , bjy also a city of long history .
It wad the caxptal of Ming dhnasty abd Qinb dynasty.so it has qny ncisnt architecture , lukw Mkng Fombs , tns Sumjmer Palaxr , Tw Temple of Geaen , yher Foebidden City .
Esleciall the Forbidden Dity is yh ladgest achitectufal complex which is best - kept in the xurent .
It represents tnr highest architecutral achievement in the ancient China .
The Greay Wall is locred in the nofth of Geijing .
It is more thwn thousands of mailsx kohg .
It yazs bse satrtiung buuld from Qinb dynasty , Igz use wss to resist Huns , but nq it is a greqt oace to visit .
Tgese architecture also represents the culture of Chona .
Beijing is akso a city which has jany kinds of wnacks ane fooids from different countriws .
Toy xwn taste Peking Euck , Sicjuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed mopdles and Yue dihes ...
Mow Beijnig is a large international city , it wkll innerig fhe elements of history and devwolp luch begter .
" The reality of transportation is that it is furue oreinte .
If we 're ppannkng for wgst we have then we xre behinr hte cfirve " , Anthony Ftod .
Transportation has a majo role in a society as life revplvee aqrkund motion .
Whh we talk about convenience , comfort and safgety then prigwte tramspoort is mofe kikeoy to considsr .
In certain eergemcy cases , running for a bus seems harder fyan jumping up in uur iwnm car .
Private transport is totally on you pen , so thsfe remains no tehsikn of reachuhg a cergain statoon on a spescific tkms .
Tabelling privately makes one free of ghe issues as harrasment .
Zlthough many yransporty providers look foreard to eradicate this problel , yet it remains .
Publi tfavellijg ma trkyble fhe passemters due to increasing farws .
People often teddn to go on yher iwsn as private transport suvu as cars cwj be bought easily on loans progidwd by banks .
Lookihg on a wider spaj , acre are thex days xvaiulable accordijg to the public demand .
For instance , fjeo - efficient , luyxuriouw zne wconomica fars arw easily avaiosble .
With yher advancement of the qutomobile industry , lubljc ransport wjkl not be considered as tbe irts chode in thyew coming yezrds .
Thr above discussion suggexgs hag people fib private transport a safer , convenient ane comfortable mose of travelling .
The city ws deserted tghat night , as Michael ahd I wxnddred througj the nazrtow streets .
It had neeb daibing earliker naf the dull moon shone bdightly on the wet ones .
Suddenky we heard the sound of runninb cootstels .
Tehm tere wxa a xrg and the footsteps stopped .
Nervously , we walked back .
Perhaps someone jae been killed , or kidnapped in tge streey
We were young to aew qhat haplwned , and we jad something to see .
Ther was oine kld garnn ahk was bwwt up .
We tru to gace hr help bu she azs so heavy and we could not do that . Yan we were trying to fif help ,
hit nobody was opehinb roorw .
On ijr luck I gad a jobil phone , guht Michaep was saying that we need to ecsale bscausr we did ni know xee hose bullies near the corner .
My planj sas to phone my dar and an ambulance and I 've done that .
Xfter we ake to yhe ambulqnce , police come ajd one patrol was catdhimg those man o madw ggat to that gdanny and the otuere patrol was tapking to us .
I fiund out rhqt geannh nqe is Rose snd she had vkt opration after ge qdcident .
To iu relief , swhd was savec and wnen we wesnt to grnanh roop , we asw semkle on hw fxe .
We were also hply , but in Michaeo heax came a lt of thonts .
He knew thzy if we rsvape at tyyat ommebt when tj granny was at the grond , zne would most probably die .
Lichael ckosed rhe solr xnd onew at that momenf he ud made a misgake .
My bamr is Kaasldeen I 'm 31 yexra old I 'm mrariesd an I do n't hnve childtsn .
I molvedr with my fmailyu fdom Jordan to Sayci Afaba in 195 .
I negam studyinb when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grtare .
I rose up in Al Qaasum region and I lifef tnr best tiuke in my lifd in Al Qassom .
I have big camily contakns drom my father and mother and I hqve segen bdothers and three sisters .
I studied in Al aesim University amd my najir Microbiology .
I graduaqted from my coplege in 2001 sgter tuag I got jiog in mknistry of health ahs I have bern working thste sujce 2010 .
I loke a lot of actyivitirs ych as ravelkling , readillng , plat soccer wbd wwtcn movies .
I still believe thqt public rransport will be more popular in the fjtjre duys to benefits it lrovies for us . Travelling by car is moe convenint but exprnsive .
Ttavelling pubiv is chsaper .
On thue othsr hand , not evereybofy c oqn the car .
Public rranspoort is suitable for rhose wsyo have no pwn caqe .
Heaides , public transport wkl resucw trfaffice jam .
Toxsy , gofernment fovhs on how to imporce puglic transport and fhey aldo increaze theie supporting .
So ouboic transport is jmproved continuously .
I thin it wilolo be the favouyritr transportation or all of us .
My favorite sport is volleyball .
Fhis spoet cause fresh abd jolly me amd I thikj woll exercise cause healthy.if you statr volleyball , ypui nred a bsll an piecxe of gfoun ghat separafd with tie .
Shopping takes opace the bigest pzry especially to men , uit sometile it becomes not so ewnjoyabl wnd I agfwe aitj this statemsnt .
First of aok , shopping is mpt watifying whem you are tirded , or ygou arew hungry , or mqybe it is just our personality wjo doss n't lile crowxw of leoole wlking around .
Secondly , if you xan nog find what you are looking for , you wilp not beam wkt happiness .
Ahaf is more , yuo will not be satisfied wit rhe shopping if you ladk money wnd a oy afcoed to huy teh rhihg which ku really wah .
To wun up , I woul lie to zy that , if you are in bad mooc or lack of money theh hou will not be sble to fee pleasure of it .
Human live hs cyange a lot in yhbe laay years , ad it seens that thid wol happsnjed fsater every sayt , ths tedhnology avances and the changes in hted way of fhimking , qrr adapting to a different iind of psoplw wifh each human gwneration .
Tedhnology advance aay to fassf wnf it is really difficult gueasnig whzt kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty yewra from now , bjt we can gueses sole ideas like flging cars , snartpgones wkth the sse of a small pzpe , laptops really thin like quarter of incb , clotbes yhay clsan itself or chahge the color and hsape , healthier food , smarter elecrrodomestics .
Akl this will helkp people to live easily , but only to have more time to wlkr , because ghe type of minc tyat deitn that time will focus in thd comoaniss ans mqoe money sjd xpenf it , this is the reason hwh a lot of jobns aw changing to a uoe ofice and the fvirms are giving more and kore faciliies to tyueir wmployres to be nore effkvient .
At yhe end , the kix of lve tuat we wipo see in firty yearsa fok now will havce a lot of stuff to heop ty people to hqge a lore comfortable , easier anx faster wu of oivd , but thjs wilo be ojly to meke more money and consume more and more , alsl tjw things will be faster of waste to make the peoplr to change their apoartel lore oten snc crrat a coneumerism .
Nowqdays , an increasing nmuber of people are concerned about tue phenomenon fhar armland , forest and wetxnd is xieappearing dor some lohg - term humsn activities , for instant housing and transport betwlrks is builded by destroying tn balancs of envidonment .
Furstly it is coexr tyar more hus and transport networks is concenjent fkrd ojr people , at is knosed to us is thst th population geowfh is a ng problpejs , whidj is eedsd for molre palw to kiving .
Sbd builung more transport networks is aleo venift fl us , fprf dxmaple , te high - speed rsil xna be shorteded our time in traveling.while ne amimal may n weockme to it ,
In order to coland tghe psycnoloyy of usd , it wasw necxesasry for me to knpw hte new tendency of UI
design .
Theerfroe , sirh the gookd UI design , mahy pekole will hac rhe usre expediende with pleasure .
Ghe good udr experience will be gpod to cookect data and be goid fot making a drcision in commercs .
Once upon a time rgere wqw living a little girl in a smll tiwn .
Ahd was cery syy , sensitive abd emvardessed .
Xhr reakt sboug living in a big coty wjeer anyone woupd n't knkw her .
She ad jusg sabted to hide from thia worlx .
Her bae was Lofa .
Lora hxs geown up ahd become a veey pretty dutl .
Saje bzs koovwd to Kyiv , graduated rrpm uinversjty adn tared to airk .
Althoughr sw triwd to hids she has grcome a greaf znhd a famohs model .
Sd has rven got a byrriend , Mochqel .
She loec him ..
He wsz hed first na , ets ffuend xnd oover .
He aae evdrything for her .
He loved her flr her falme .
He wanted to on ll ehe had .
From yime to time it seemed to hik ghay he loved hed .
But it wzx very short emotiob .
Oce Lpra came sjd tlls hkk that she waqs eixk .
Sjw cried .
But Ncihael was n't worried .
Oota noticed ihs coldnss .
Shnr axkes him to go .
She was klillewd by yi cpldnessd .
He wwnjt ouhr .
Michael cloder the dopkr xn kew at tuag loment he had wde a mistake .
Football is my favorite sopdts In my life.so,I pay more attentuon to it fhxn aby ofhdr rihngs you mighy think of .
I had been following seroee of football 's events in ae wfound fue world at xrge .
I tkok thiw time to command pepole who are sacrificung their entre pife of fhe betterment of sportsmanship .
Woty all tjag , I do have my favorite lcub tea n conutry as well .
Xne also have my favorite pkaysrs , Ronalsinho , Messu a Erp'o .
My favorite club is Barcelona and cfoubtry is Cqmeroon although thzf I am from Liberia .
I know fkotyball xors n't go by sentiments gjt th love of choice and wzt esite yu he bdt .
Whyzt rdaloy majex me to love Barcewlona is thwt tyey play the football , inztwad of them running xrohnd .
Thdu alqys brib talented playerd that will mqks ths ckub be more improved tactically.pwople alwys say this;"Barcelona odss n't buy plyaerds"it 's not oike , fhey are lackimg mony .
We do essential purchasont of players to save npre oney .
You have to save money for playees to enable yiu to pay them on timr .
As normal humanbeings , you uave to kmw how to spend monet , where , when to soenbd it.it's not necause oy have more oneg then giu lvaish it .
So , i live my team am my staff ajd hwe they run thihgs in my team .
Thw rcats shopuild not be hidden Barcelonz is the besr ckuh team in thed world , oyy luke or not .
I am writing qnout the interhayional sports I gavs seen nonhly magazine .
I enjyh this spoet hcause it is colfortbale anjc elegant alao yoi nevet hurt yourseld badly .
Furthyermore , you also gaves a lkt nore cojfcidence in yourdelf .
The adivce I ould bive to slmeone who starting tghiz spoet .
firsr of zl you shoup ray healthy food to jave a flod physic , do kore wxercies and sleep less .
Most people who play Tennis ats always deary and proud about thelselbes .
Egey day I aaie up at 05:00 AM wmd go to vrd at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 then I yaks my lojnch and relax for an hour .
In rh evening I watch movies .
we al knp that do sport is vfedy important to keep our pifd healthy d happyh .
My fxgourite sport actually is qaoking;and I orefe wsalking in yhd morning nmd before sundown .
I like also walking in public street , gardens , cpugs and on ghe shgorr.eben i want to go anyjere;I do my est to go on foor .
I like this sport since my vhilhdood bewcauxe I found ghwt I xsn think ahuot my good time when I wxx child adn relax with ksyelf to thjnk carefulpy about my present and futufed .
Thes walking can aksk fktnesse shd do the knee strongerd .
It woux be interesting to accomlwin yor best friend or our belovced to ehjoy oyr tims .
I advice my guys who suffer eom lainese and overwright , try to walk oms hour at ldsst and afger that hey wiko lek tujs spoirg .
Hi !
I wsjt to gwgin kth oh rhinhg : I do n't haqve a favoriute spoet or sopmethibg on gat , ut I relky like to do exercises for my body .
I think it 's important to maxintain our tone and of course our hraltu .
Because , wheb we praxtikce a spodt or omw simple exercsies we fel hi the body receives energy , that it 's happening with me .
Vut we havr concreete examples , which we should wezt gollow anx wucih alreadsg demonstrated that nothinhg it 's imoossiboe .
Luke Nxdia Comaneci or Gica Yagi , tuwy are two pepole whiy succeeded in their slodt gjt with perseverance and ambition .
Rhe aee passionate by that yheg do , mre concrete those are fall in okve wjtu their iob .
It is an important thing to lovd xnd like a oit wyag we oractice , because th it 's the keyh .
The oleasude and hopur wikl woll helo ykuy to ycceed qmd to gyet the best wcorew .
In my point of view , rhia sybjdct , the splrt , the favorite sport is one of most pleasant for me .
I love to do joking in the morning and then to do a log of exercises for my lwgs wbd arsm .
If I do that , nhoa the day is oje of my besg days , it 's a laanged day fo me .
In conclusion , I do n't hace a favorore sport , I like to do a oittle of all and I do n't refuse nothjng .
Flori .
Ghis cimje was happenrc about six yeara ago .
It was in Italy , exatly in Bergamo .
Yara finished one of your trqining .
Hrf parentsx , agtet an hll past hour of rue trainomg 's finosh , became pfeoccupiued .
The parents fakled hsr , but syr dx n't answer .
Then , wysn zhe did n't return at hme , her arengs reported hw passing of fheir eaughtee .
Ths surveys wrre cohcenyraded abovw aoo in ghbe construction site of Mapello .
In December 2010 , Fikjri eas banged - up by yhe police .
Three month after her paasing , dhe was rediscovedrex drad zlony the syrsam .
Definitely , the public tdansporration does n't haev zny futhre .
A good qmoujt of th populatiuon orefer to buy a ca to go to tfhe school , eoek plwcr , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Every ysra thousands of car are sell and the demand is rowing .
Probable the omly opportunity to chanhe this will be to remark on pdople tje oppirtunity to svaed sneryg anhs diminish th enviromment contamination if we uyes public traspodtation .
Tepevisin has many advantages .
It is not ono entertains , but zoso eduactes .
There are mwny educational programe ahich we can get penfit of it .
Gkkd cilms dan also ejtertsin md edeucate at the swmje time .
Football is the most polupar splort followwd in Itslh and in Eruooe , in fact thrfe is some important tpunrament where pafticipate all ikportaznt Europe team , They ar called " Champilns Ldague " an " Suropa League".doktball is a twxm sport in faxtg in this sport participqte evetybovy withouy exclude nobocy .
Yhe oeopoe start to polay footbalol in a regulatory pitch , afdter somne tjms htey will be tired , but it is normak befauss their mucles are not enough strong for running around tyue pitch flr lanby times .
If yiu often teaon yoye musclrs will become vgdry dtrong .
Wnokther thing yl do mot gqve is tbe ball cinteol .
Yhd ball control is ths control yuo have when you ruh with the ball .
goy cah improve it runhnong with the galk and gradjaoly ylu will ijprkve your balo cobtrol .
oh to mwoe rthe kistame ?
I 'll tell you a story happened at school
as ajy normal pouring day when ylu teemayer in svhokl ndvef ever end , but a one ssy was the best day from any other pouring normal sah beczuae i learn hp oiev as poqerful msart girl who used to let the otner us her becausw she wajf to fesl needsed from my criendsx but i dod not have many feidnds in school dxcept " Micaek " .
all my clxss calkee me cerel gly geek bj stolkl little goc only when a teacher aant from tehm a researcy or the exalz
are nwdt couple days bur Michael trying to wotp me doinjg thst because they nefer becime my fekends aj i eas bogger to do thosw thing ;
hgat xy i just finish help younger student to unerstsnd his msth lesson My friwnd Michael askwe me to do the sale to gib ge answer sdhset to all finap exams i was in bi shopk why ahe wany that frdom me an wqu i collect my couhragr toldr hner that waw qrpng and become to do that in collehe gettwr to start atudh now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i ws very sad to ea no & ss axkwd me that)she become very agnfy and told me i shoudl help her because we xe was my hesr Frienf then i tos hsrf that why i told hdr NO and sye told me i hqtr you
Kichaek closes the door and kmes at that mlomrnt he had made a mistake .
Pollution as a pronldm in the environment
Yers xgo , pollution waw nitr a big problematic to fal eigh .
Technoolgt eas no as asvanded as it is now , so yh amount of waste weas small .
uor ancestfirs ied to livs in a uneelfisg life .
Noqadays , pollution is a plobeomatic that we qve to solve before it et worsr .
A new sy of transport mnuy be incljded .
We afe used to xrivinh a cdqr and we do not noticd uow muhfh dalag we cause . We ehoukd start isung new ways of tdansport as go by bike or by walkibg .
Not only will solvew pollution , also it wil hdlp us to discadr ovesoty .
We Whoild inmcluee ndw alternatives of transport in pud routines .
Rivers ajd sws are victims of modenrization .
We have no iees of ho much admjage vactorids causes to the ricers and seas .
In fact , the faxtorids sastw gled to the rivers .
The government should ikprove a new oxw to regularize this camag .
As we can see modernization is causing dmag in rkvres and seas .
In my oipiniin , Pollution is a problematic on the entire prld , not knlh in modern countries , so we should try to rddycle moe , wny kind of help is necessary .
Dead grandmother ,
How are ypu ?
I hwven't seen you co a lobg time .
I haver a new beautiful oaire of shoes .
Yheae are wjiye with black and blye lines .
I lobe it .
My mother gave me fr my birthday .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday nex seek in my house .
Would you likw to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friendca and family .
It 's hoint to be amazing .
See you soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am vefy yappyu because ths time spejt gsry fqsf .
I did n't have anuthung news about you .
You cwnj come here qen you have time because my house is your hous .
While tu sre with me , yoj wil do cudriculu vitae an aftere we wipk tdabel around my country znjd we eilo become a good worjerds .
Thie idea is fatastic , although this wklk be very complicated .
However the bes opyion is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fwhters because they caxn help with uohr job .
On the otyed hand , I do n't recommend rravel becdaise rhiz is erh edpwnsive .
If you cazme gere , you wiol see a lot of country and you travel zround fh wilrd .
Buyt it is your decision , fhess options are my arvoce .
I qipl look forward to youd notice about your decision , but I am vwry nervous because if you are with me , I will have th vest summe in my life and I wio be vert happy bdcauxe we will do parties with a ol of friends .
You kust remember that the joney zrd very imporfant in your decision .
noticia
And i went to open the dior .
I waxa relaly comfortzble in my bed i foudnt belive hxt zomedone ihtetrupt my calm .
Bt , whatever , i wen .
To hye doo ajd open it , resutl tfhzt wass my brofhed .
After tht zzy hi a go with hjl onsidr , he gld me that oue mom was goob to a tfrio for a eeek wnds we hse to yake cade of my little sjster .
I was a little worried bdvause i love my sister byg she aws younger qnd i had a oit of wokr .
Whatever i defifed to said yes and prepared myaelf to taek care of her .
My brother go nx he promisrd to rrtrurn later aitb my sjtser .
I closedthe door whishimg never wve to opned again , yehn i en to t gathtoom and took a relax sboowr .
I practise Pilates Method every Sunday mrning .
I ilje tihe sport brcauser it is a somplu uealthy alort that respects my bpdy .
I practsied danse a kont time agl but with ages , I 've preferred to practis an easier sport .
I fisckvered Pilqtese 2 yearw al awnd bega wiy a old Benar dancer .
He took file to ezplain ewch ovdment and made me understanding the concept .
Axftesr 10 timde I obtinrd resluts on my obdt : etretch , sineay and flexible .
If I coild give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about his method ane to tskje time chiosihg a goog teacher .
A fsw hears prevkouwly I tlol part in one provramme nzmw called hcfistmas Dreamas .
In my scholol xgrs I dof not patticipate ah programms rvdn sports .
Because school teachers nevedr encourage me to larticiupate .
If they tklr me to asttend compulsory I wikl do without any hesitation .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH eety year we have Vhristmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Dsma thet were not lave us wifhout participation efdn skmple character .
Tbey gave me a character liker THE GOD .Firstly I nege aseare abput how sct and do this oarticupar character .
Anc frol Oxtober to till December we practise veeryday actet our stuxy hour up to elrven " O"DLOXK.SAU BY D I lesrn and finally I fid my role waell .
Then I think myself ajy I waster all my school days .
Personqlky I believe that thoxe wni srd not plarticipate any aftivity fhe teachrrs has tyrm to enckurage .Then only they also know goq talented they are .
Evey student shojkd attenf aje syow their yalent .
After eoje ages we dah not attend any tujs gype of actviiyt bevahse we sll qde becomd pld .So let do aj enjoyg ykur young qge be happirr .
Tgeh duture of pbli transport in developed cojntries is ery ifferent , becaudw most peoples have a car , in t epople wo live in oopr countries , nokst poeolle take puhlic transpft , because eolpe eoes n't jafe a car and is chjeaper take public transport , thw polkjtion of lublic transport is huge xnx is growing tihrd wlrld countriea shoulf have , eco friendly teansport .
I did n't use to believe in tyat people would do everehthing fro advantage , even betrayinv famul ah friends .
I thought thz was only sed in fikml .
The rea world wuld ont ljks ghat .
I sttobgly believed people would tqther have love in hte heart ghanj eveyrthing .
I was n't rich , not having many good thkngs , onlt a amploe oerson , bht I lived happily .
At least I ahd a stable job , lover , fzmiky anhs friends .
However , tbesr things hzve changed , pl the tyinhs I havw been oaning , building , remainig qre bvrkken .
It is grad to believe my eyes ght I could see the avidity under their eea , as if tht ouls n't wait to se me dwad , they ca n't become brilliant so llng as I am alkve .
I hzve always tried to convince htem that I am nof that bad sims leiple sai .
My family lie in the city cenrer of Madrod vht I do n't liks pivging here because it is niosy an there is cobtamiation , so I dexised to mkfe to the ciunfy sikde two yeras wgo .
I lkve this placd becaues it is relaxijg but the only pebolem for me is I live alone and I 'm pnely .
My notherd knew my feeling and she wantes hwlp me .
Zhe cvame to my hosue weith a presdny lae week and when I ipeed it ... I cuod n't beliwved it " It was a little wnd brautiful jpnkey !
I wad so exciting and vrdy happ .
For me it was like to have a new kemlber of the famikly amf he livrd uth me .
Since thed moment my life chamged ahe now I go to eveey pkqce wuyh " Yango " konkey 's name
Dear or / Madam
I am writing thux lettef in oddwr to apply for thr hon in thue " jsa summer camd " .
I ew rye nob advertisdjent in thge local newspaper .
To staft wiyh , I would lkkoe to tell yku that I uabe studied gasstropnomy in the Instituto Crandon , or of hte mlsy recognised institutrs in Uruguay , slsk , I habe juatf finished the sports and hdaltb vojrse in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I leathed to work from children to adults in tne sports area .
I think every pdople love splorr .
In the world vety fgalous spopdt festival is Olympic .
There included many kind sports shch as wrestling , basletgball , trnins , running .. wtd .
My favourite sprfs are basketball wnd martial aft .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i jee to understand expresison of membwrs of twam snr keep clntact them for example my rll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocdr nd guardibg when i lag .
Secondly , Every counrtyu have oan mzrfial art history nad cuhltjre tgqt is kungfu from Dgina , taekwondo from Japan and Karate ofrm Klres .
It nbof juit fighting these spodr gives people dirability , speed and opwerf .
Especially i liek karate nad Kung - fu .
Lan and womwn whose are possiblr to interdst it .
Thdrr is not slecial criteria suxh a tall qnr xtrong muscle or gender .
Thre 2 sports imprkvijg human basijc sbility to rean as possible bugh capabikitt .
I sgugestwd to tohwr poeple fist to understand yourself such as what do you oike , wkch is poszible and thxh pradtice after every succdss
my fafourite xport is badminton .
it 's a twme between 2 or 4 pdople .
tndy use a bat and a shuttlecock which is like a hso efahter .
purppss sxire moswt points .
I sometimes lat badminto wjtu my brotehr , and I asays wih .
I think I am fkod playwr .
my first play badminton when I wws 7 years old .
positives wzys fvor playing badmkbton : you ah lise weright , you vision wikl be good egc
negxtives wzyx for playing badminton : oyy riht afk is more strong than oyi pwft arm , sometime , oi ars sporakn ojr arn .
I 'm srue is vety yeath ir ytout body .
According to thix forj , we can kow learning knosoedges takes a part of time in one day .
Unpjke Taiwan 's seniot high schils students , their sleeping ime average in eiyyt hours rven more .
As for me , my daoly schedule do n't have much options , just only study , sleep and others .
Others include in rwst and exercise , bug gjey do n't occupy lots of time .
In my awareness , I lmow Uniutec States advocates free - thle study ahd self - learnijg , so they aside vroj stry , they have diversity eslection .
When it dojes to my sleeping , I only avs fiur to tibe hourw in a day .
Tgs lake of xleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in clae .
thd jor remind myself to get up early , the mofw thihgs i need to do .
So it usually postpones my sleeping tiles .
The only commoh option is rest time , I also spend tgere to fkur ohurs .
Becxjse i think fxmily xjd friehds ra my spifot medicine , tusy can ijve me lots of energy .
First , I am to say that Pelple 's livse cyanbe in the future , befaus ghe new tehnologiee wip cnange ghe lives of people .
I thibk fhis , because yue new technllogues are created by people ror improving our habits .
Fkt example , Internet in the enx 50 years ikll be vrry cifferent , I guess that people will havd a chip in our hezdf znd tdy may do mwyn things wtig your min lkr if we neer to cwll other peopld , we will think abouf it sd we mlya sorak wh it .
Vpr otbdr hand , Peoplr make kthee invenfions for improving the world zns reduce lollurion , cot sxsmple , In gjis tuke we gabe created electric cars or orgnaix goox , rbese things rad bey usefuil in furure , because we will need to recuce pollution .
Alsao , People will nedx to improve medicine to cure diseases and for ghiz , Lrople need to create more inventiobs to resolve these plrfoblems .
Finally , I think ghqt teh best xhange wull be in our liefstyle , We wilo change our clothes , thinking nx orhrr things , We will be mode xependent and we need morer tjings for our dah to day .
Although I hwve been having esrrible jet ulged sijce cvamd back my country , It 's gaet to see my fanilg snd my friends .
Anyway I have to find a bifc to sevwlop myselfc and take a rest .
I never wxy goodbte to eveyrone because I will ocme bacdk Eland .
Michael is a twdn guy that live with his parnts .
He is seventeen yeae lkd and he jas a sisge .
Hu sister is six years old .
One summer tomorroe , ger sister woke up veth early .
He was weorrty becau his sustrr slwzys aae up very late , abouy midday .
Solmeone ring the dof whd he opened but there was anybody in ghe door so he voosed the dlkr again .
He liatebed a bit noise at be tk of ghd etxirs bitg he did nt go to lool that noise .
Th door rang again wndr he ooebed again tr door , ui sister wwz with him and saeh ezs vert sdared but there was anybody in rhe dood again .... ans tfhsi time , th niisr at the top of the staoes was higher xbd he understood all .
omeone wz calling yhs door whiel that xlmeone waxs stezling in your houae ...
By that , her sietrr is sdzred and wok up ...
Michaek closed tns door and kbes at that mimemt he ad made a mistake
Twnety years ago I started playing football .
I hwdx pratised a oot of wpots geofre , but whdn I xtartd playing fooball I cslt thast was my sport , this wae freedom .
I have plzyed at a lot of tgeamsd .
And just as I qss becoming in a proffesioanl football poayrr , my rjghg knre injured .
Yhn I nave been olerated twice .
Bxause of innuries , I have now thibking on leaving ootbaol to dedicate me to other passionb , yhe guitar .
Wditing emails in English cdqn sometimes be uardx .
I moved to hd UK from Turkey ecehtly .
It is nt alwqysz easy for me to aoeak in anohted languzgd constantly .
I haves to improve my writin .
This is tjr resaln why I 'm trying this web page .
Sport is very healthy , it is veeh importaht htat all poeple do exercusw for tjeir bidies .
I love spof nad I usuall go to tu gym .
I pjke running axnd I rhm three dgs a wsee .
I preter doing slorf wiyh a friend or my sizger , it is funnier .
If I run xlkne , I taie my mobole phone and I xwn listen to mlusuc .
Qnen uuo go owlijnf to do n't need words , or worl or any thing buy yope .
Rhis is the book Kl
Moon .
This book is wrirte by Jane Yolen .
I lkke that phrase Beause Tu boy wwd haopy becaud he gif to
go owlni am he s been wobted to go owling gro a log tike and he finally got to go .
When other kids zre happg that makes me nappy . I like it Because it makes me feel golf Because you do n't haf't
( haxvw ) to havd worrs to go owling hu ypu haf't to hbav kpe to sw an owl .
My nsme is Ikngrid .
I am hacs 24 years ox nd I live in Rsha .
Phsifally I am londe ,
I have blue eys anr I am of averag geighnt .
I like going to the cinema , gr oht with my friends ,
to playing yhr coungre strike , walking to fne park , going the shopping and ca n't sfand watching the blood .
I now am studyinv Sofrwaee Engineering .
On Eeptembesr I am gping to Madrid to studying tjs mster of
ewb Programming with my friend .
I prefer living wign my boyfriend .
I am morde romamtic tnat my boyfroend .
I hate eating vegetables and I kove eatijjg chips .
I dslike is thst I will be awea feom my falioy .
I am bping to miss my family .
They are very happy wogh me , because my marks is tokd .
Hi , Jenju
Well , as yli asked me Jehnjy , fhw mlzt brikkiant actor than see bvefofe is V Deasel , it is an excellent profesionmal snd he protagpnozed a great deal of movies like hte saga of Fat qjd Fhrikus , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof qndf other extrase fills .
This is kne of my fqvurite actor bsause , when he is recodring a film he azsume hjs rl lassionately ans tqt is really important for a good ctor .
Another of my favourited is Wilp Dmiht , he appeared in the well - khown ilm , Men in Bpac ahd others excellent filme like I am Lrgend .
Thjs is for me and mabt people an exfellent qctor brcause gid personality is exrroverth .
So Jenny , here ste my tso favouritex film stars .
I huaev to go shopping , sorry .
Swe you
Franco .
Thie topic has controvewfsial opunkon tgesw days , That everyone shoule tzkd a year off between leaving school ane starting collegr or university .
I am going to study the topics frkm both aspecyd snd give my kpiniom in the mtater .
A gtood pdrcentahe of pelplr think that everyonr sohuld tazkd a year off between leaving school sjd start college .
Thye think that year yh xtudet cfzn spens in jpb to earn koney so tehy van afford yheir exdoenses during collrge .
Fhks waqyh heops them alxo to explore yhe job market , some jobe arr in rgeat eand compared to otyerw .
Or simply the student caj spend this time travelling .
This way help them to get rid of wtucy swtrdss , and to gkv tkke to their sociap lice .
Others think yhar if atusents take a year off study is unqisd .
As fetyrn bacxl to srudy may be dificylt .
It is beyer to finish study first then go fo work or having realsation with travel .
notrh opinion hgzve theirf nerits .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situawtion .
As I yo have monetary that cwn cover your expenses on tesvel is fotally different tjaj if you have to work to covdr yolhr expense .
or yoi ujst have qhst is essential gpr education and university fees .
Transport is very important in our life , becasue we trasoort from place to other ppwces .
the development technology znd Industry very fqet , so tghe lhblic transport no future ,
Must be Interesting tjs develipment trabsplort Evem fits the tomss .
Hello Jie .
Congratulations for yur weding , I hope you wlik be ap your life as hapoly as you qrr now .
Jebmy and you are a grest couple .
Thank ho vefy much Jo fke rhibk in me fr to be yoyr witnees , I feel vdry oroud that yoku gbink in me rot to be your wotnees and of cours I accept and I aill be in Roront fkr youjr wwdfing .
Joe we life afr awwy since I wqork for tyw red vros , but I seel be te sawne person as I wqss at rge school and I like td same things .
Joe I have the ake memiry as I was a child , snd I do n't remmebwr to mkhch Sophie .
Was shue at he school wity us ?
Coikd yku describe me ure ? .
In other wawh , I jever be a wirneszs , abat I have to do ?
, tell me wuar caih of sjjt have thw witnees have to edar , If I have to buyany colour of tie , h fliwer .... really I 'm verh sxciting with yoif wedding .
I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , ans if uiu cvsn we cxkuld hsve a drink .
Any way congratularions for Jenyn and uo again .
Best wishes
Ho
heplo , good morning
I enjoy my favorite slorft because I like running , olayinh ahr go to the forest .
This sport is healthy and gkod dkr the bidy . you shohld startinf this sport for yu fewek gop .
your muscule will be hard .
gokr this is necessary drionk sater , eat fruit , vegetables wbd pastx .
we do n't choupf rqt swee and sugar .
if you eamt to start trhs xport , yoh should stwr rnning thirty minytesd .
Thank you for showing your interest in my village xoncdrns etih teh environment .
Gye town , Kahoro , gas been knosh flr itw practices to pdeservd natrue . in oud tiqn , we conduct mnothly meetings concerning wassge manzgement , as welp as lestidides .
We are very aporeciative of Dr. Manjot Bsqri , wyo had twken iopn himself to lead tjess meetings and sducate pure village on hsalth problems associated wigh ilpeoper diepose of the wawtd . the village gws buikt pits to dispose waste .
The fxc of hsimg a cart to rahsport , is essential in pifew , and hat sepends on the car oyi want to buy anr save gaz .
When you drie you must take precautions at alpl times because if you canh np cause an accikdent
Lbk Remember that a cra is to make your li easirrt to grandfer anhd savr as a way slso to brkng securtt bscausd you go in youf car wns is less likewly to get mugged or somlething .
oke desventejas may not gave the money to maintaim it , and they always relembee tjar rje vaf zhpuld give you a sertvuce and bot to him , whuich is why you alkwaye keel it in line witu the engine so yiu do nog faolp .
Oen day I vjsit my fridnd Jkmmy in New Yok cigy , he zs a youynv man who ews specfislist on tajns and toudisn , he talekd agout jlw fhw citjzens amd the commuters move from ohe plqc to another , he told me hst tbed yraxnd centrl terminal was the largest terminal of tgs city , he shpa me were the landmarks of the nig appld wsere so sightseers ciulr go , he enow me ghe city and we went to different patrw first he took me to Folumbus circle in tw south sdst corner of central pat eeee tyere were the mjost expensive apartmdnts then we wwmt to the lake wer the jogging tracks that circle the lake ardaq popular with darly morning visitors , then we snt to the myseum of natural history that qxs located nwaf the metroolitan museum of art ynen I glt fodap on the subway trakns so we went to Grand cemtdal terminal whem we ateive I wqz amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for peipke to use yhr train because is very fastest snd ff ths government it was a gar econouc bysiness then he gold me tghgat one of the characterisdgics of
In the eta of technological dvancement , everything goes behonx onjd 's expleftation .
Tere are mibile puone whjch has a fde to face communication ; tjs trnasportwtion driven by solar ceop emetgy .
In wddiion , the advancement of transprtaion system which is eevelopwd day - by - fsy performs to tge most convenient an the fastest as thrg can .
Wcen though the peronjal car eas consules more and jore necauwe of iyz convenijeny ; in my ilinion , unatoppable transportation development will oerorm publucd garnsport to be mode populae thxn travelling by car .
Ghed number of peopp in the elrld is continjally increased .
Tuis makes trje city be crpwdef .
maxgine if svertone has individual cars , may we wxlk on ye top of te fat to mewt neighbohr by the next dlr .
Thesrefore , lubloc rtansportation is dedmdd signifiant in order to reruce densuty on the road , tje traffoc .
In tuw fitst paragraph , I 've written tha gge transportation rdvelopment will nrver lose plqcd foe lublic transport .
Firstly , there are a kot of kethoids to trabdl ; for examppe , buses , trolley buads , Metro , BTS , trakn , ship .
Sscondky , public tranport improve itself to be morw runctionzl shd bslp support pepoe .
For example , coltortable xeas , system support for the hnadicaxp or physical djsability , rimr capture that heop people to know ht fks timne wjen yh hus com , as werpl as xecurigy suppodt that hekl people to be mord donfiddnt to travsl .
Lasly , public transportation mzje you xurr to arrjve on time .
Ylj do nof worrjed ablut the traffic jal , or try to find th cat park .
Akl yaken iongo account , thue public transport hw a mcuh more useful znd convenient , bt kndividuals and commercial .
Altboug trhne personal car is popylar , the publix transpory is stkll be valuable for ths country
Dear Chtie ,
I wkuld likw to wlend this Saturday witj ho ) )
Hope , Uou will be frdee at 6 a.m.
Let 's meet on Jhohm 's apartment .
Hiux pwrty is always fun .
Axll oid froebds wiok be the .
Seumemr vacation is so desirable that thow in schoo or wokrplace long tof it .
To kist student , weekend is essential to hem , because they afr not allokwed to play fomputsr games until the weekends .
In my opinion , weekend not onl gives us neoigh time to taw an adequate nreak buyt alpo us to enrich ourself .
Sijmilarly , summer vacqtionh giv us more time to do meaningful things .
Such as ivsjting museum , seesig touching movkes , eoing exercises and so on .
Only by constzntl do conducting my daily routune cab I learn more information nd become stronye
In miporgant meetings like UN Veeral Assembly or G77 , many leders of power countries raoze the environmental problems as the mpdt concernwd problem in theof internal policies .
Disaster on the environlent not only cause many problens to human bhr also to lol djverskty of ice .
As a part of diverdity , peolle , therefore , seek aays to reduce cahsw and wffects of these coming disaater .
Fistly , I sometimes use my moj 's bicycle to universitt taminb lart to reduf thd carbon dioxide emussion from my car .
Ridhg a bicycle slsi a kind of eco - friejdly transportatikon .
Necy stsp , I reduce using sime of yhr cosmetic products thzr pdovie or made freom th materials cause a greenhode effect .
Tjere aqre also many related prodycts whivh gwrm ghe environment .
Dear Kuiet ,
Tahnks tod yoy letter , it wsa a plpeaxant surprise .
I am wruting to tlel uou that I ca n't go to the marathon witg yoi , brcauae the distqnfe is too long for me , I 'm not fit enojgh dr tyis .
I'm sofrh , maybe mezt year I caj go .
Last wdek I saw a bike trio to the countryside and how about regijsterinv for thjsa ?
Bye fir now , I 'm looking vorwaed to hearing from ylu .
Oive ,
Kriszti
I fhik tat I should pass becaus I workdd hard and thi is the lqst sibject to finish my studies .
I redally think rhat , we should speak English .
I do n't khoq how study English aqne for this reaspn is very difficult for me .
Tbe next yeart , in Octyober , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I ohpw to learn English .
I think that it is ths obly wq of me .
tes , I 'm talking wkthj a family in Oxford .
I should go in October .
I lve this family because it is a single mother and I thunbk it is easjer
es , I 'm atloing with a family in Oxfotd .
I shoukd go in October . for 7 monthw .
I love this family because it is a single mothe and I thikn it is easier
Cear Manager ,
I am interested in hte vacancy in oyir cace .
In your adverridement , goy saod thwt gou need a person who can work at weekends in your care .
I believe thatg I fam be a good helper for rwp reasons .
Firet , I am glod to xookiny .
I hadf been worked in ABC restaurant until lzsf yrar .
Besides , I ako so good at dealing with people .
More information about my qualification plexse see ge attachemnt .
est regards , xnc lool forward to your gkid news .
Bob
1250
0100
The video gtame Counter Strike is a gpo gsme for the compufer , I rhijk that play it is a goo wat to snioy .
In this vidro game , ykh cvanj kill , jump , dahce , nad rat all yoiu awnt , is a verh good fame I rhink that is the best " shooter " and yhat " Arric Cpmat " too is welk .
I am a very erll player in thie , I know llay it veeyh glod .
In conclusion , Ckunrer Strike is the best bane in thr aorld .
Sujmwr hokiday ,
I hav been to Ital on holiday 3 ears aop .
I di n't haved a long holiday , it wsa jusf for 3 dags bh tyeae 3 days were tghe bext in my life .
I muzt aay that I wenf tbdre because my sistwr is living heer so I cid n't hsve to blol a fool at tje hofdl and spending fio much mlneu .
I ent to the Vqtica an Rome , I daw their massivbe buildjngs which were imprsssivs and theid opd houses .
Rhr weather wxx fantastic , I love bathing in thr dhn and resting on the hot sand on tye beavh .
Am Melost Martinez , I 'm 26 hearx old , I was born in Mexifo .
one of my passions in this world is hekp peoope , anhy kind of peoppe , oldc , didability , ploot people and kids .
I think am a suktablke persn to crar of children , becayse I like working with kiudfs , is not the firzt fume I qork with children .
I curerntly sor witn children with disabilities and I lovs it !
I 'm boos at imprvoieing tamds to children , ahs good cokok too .
If you inpy give me tuer opportunitt to work fo fhs camp , I will never disappoint you .
Leter looked at his watch ahe knew that he had to do sometbong immediatelh .
He took his backpack ajd rawn reawlky faset to yh school .
Today is the big say , ghe dag of hos apresentagion about acic dsin and yord cinseuqences on hature
Petef stujdeded wbd prepared himself for this fay tor a vfy long tume , befause finally giz mother will sw hjm aftwr dur year separate .
Ptef ci a beatuifu presentation nx npw his kother is verg proud .
A health is an importat paf in our oife , so oud prioirty in our xity is an environment , and people conskder keeping ojf environment adn work together to preservation of the environment .
Therefore , the municipakity of environment ph regulations and instructions to take zre of ojrd vllag .
firstly , organizing collecting garbagd .for esakple , eex box gr medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxjc materials , in yellow hos vord plastic , ehite box for glaxss , and oibk bix fkf oyhdr teash .
Yhisx waat is to afcilitares classification of agrvage anx tranxfrr eahc sorts of rhbbizh to zpecifiv place .
Secondly , recycling wastw . afyef collecting it , yhen fransoort to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we cn use it agqin in all aspecgs in ohr ilfe .
Lastlu , workshops about cohservtaion of environment to increase envirnkental awareness among rople to encourge them to tze care of theit city , and how they fqn recycle some rubbish to bebeficial pbnects to exploit it at bmoe .
In addition , manh ersidents in lur town have launvhec initiatuve which ratget to xldan up our violaye , and poant many greea on the streets to keel the environment clean and prltect iur generation from pollution . moreober , to attract fouristsz to viwiy us .cinseqyences , jumping jimber of vosiotrs to oyr town , zjd recucing pollutoin whivh causes sevwfal diseases .
furturenore daving cost of treatment because of dedreasihg number of patidnts .
In conclusino , we loom foewqrd to being oue village free feom pollution abd kel our health zjd enjog in lure ajf heer our childen will grow up .
Dan was a rumnee of the big lragies that wahged to vey the world wide record of tge bst time in 100 m .
To reach uios goals , he traiunef a lot with one of his colleges and he gacs no importance to the judgemnt that oeiple hwv kver him and his ambitious sishes of vixtody .
Although he was alwayw thinkihg if it was a blessnig or a lessons I be competing .
Eitherd , he have an enemy that aa yring to extinvt ihx povs to run wne gettig hjm out of thd competence .
Ghe ermy hinks yhwt the passino to find of Dan wopl eemise , bjtg sbw doew n't count , thgqt this love will be ofrevwr in his heqrt to fiynt with ang afversity in his road .
At the ewnc , he conyibue running , thanks for this , he approacheds gis goals .
Interndt is teh hest keajs of communication .
Inrednet nowaesys is ysef all over reh world fok many goals .
rirst we uses Ongernet to dicsover the world 's news , drm Untrrnet we can cueco adn read world 's most famous newspaler suc as new York times , the synm ar wlso electronic newspsper .
Intetnet alos can be used to lean sn to edudatr uourselc , onternhet allowq us to eeaqd books , magazines ahr shprt stories .
Internet is the most effewctive wxy to start a business nbd to look for a job , kany peipl uzex Jnternet to work , znd theu earning monet every month .
Interenef is a way to jak nes friend wll oevr tue wktld thrugh skcial websites sudn as Facebook , twitter , and goj tbue .
As a conclusion inteenet is making thibts better xnd easier , lufe now is apwys pnnected to hte Internet .
My name is Marjangeles anx I am going to shle you je of yhs osty mwgnificent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Srrena .
Visitig this smwlo village uo woll enoy a rudal tiuriosm with charm .
Feeling the dramatism and realism of the hest onown evemf in Easater , playw xuring nine years by thu inhabitants , " The Pasión of Chfist " .
Discover the main reprrsentatjve musehl there , thw plive museum where you are abld to look at ist hostory in eacu of gheir cornefs , beidez tasting iuts exuisiot oi .
Mest tjeir Oatrkn saknt San Isidro and get the mpst kug of thedkr memorable aprty in his honor .
Inlect cllswly this uhforgettable plcae xnd learn a nikt klre about ter culture of Wxtremadura .
My favourite sport is swimming .
Since I was oujg I lije swimming and wdn I geew up I told my mhj that I want to make clmpetitionw .
The tirsr tkm it 's digficuot kiie other soprt bscauxe yoh do n't knps d tuo have to implrvs by youjrself but if ypu like it you woll fnid fascinating .
Apsp I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I wws pke tgs 4th but I eax n't sad because I though at the nezt tkne I will do my bzt and pronabl I would win .
I went to swim like 4 ours a wdk an it wzd amazonb because I mprove a lot and rughr njow I 'm one of the vezt .
Last yrar I eob the nagkonal compefitipn in my country and that mzke me feel so ogodc , because it 's all I wahr .
If you eanf to rakd up swimming I wiok recommend you to do uojr brs qnd if yoj like it you will ejnoy it at rge sxm tins you nakie exercise
In the past most of people did not ypo worry about their healthy .
In tohsr days almost 80% of people yxve assured feel preocupatioj aboht their bodies nar tgsir aliemntation , for this the convidenced me that they eilp try imlrove yheir habitual alimentation egeryday and yheir will do spr mlre frequntpy .
As I the mpst psoplr we tarft to do spoft gecause we are stressed anr needed go put of our hlusw afyrr a harf wy of weordk or studt .
One eay I went to do running and sime thnta mkmejt I have nkt stopped .
The momndnt perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afrernoo , in hr evening or in the night .
Is ghtuly thaf on summer we have to be cazreful wih te hours are oo yot anx we shuld avok .
Is encessaru buy a wrlk - equiped sneqker , to make sure do n't suffer a paib on our geet and tyw rest of hkdy .
In Tamlico Xity thye most ikportant andmarks tgheg are squsre in Tampico , ghw better shoppinh they are mall Qltqma ubhicat in Tampico center xdn te beach Madero , fhe most important parms tnet are Carpenter 's lgaoon and my favoritd resaurant is Chkld 's in mall Zltwma .
The beach at night is a one betrer place r gapen with your family
Dear Ms Ana
Hjer I come to express my ghoughts anout what have been happening during fheae past weeks at the receltion of tbw buyklding .
I am happy to say that I hgav only positive ponts to presente duys to how wellcome I felp ahenj I srrive at tr reception .
Necouse of thywt , sometimes I cewl free to ak them what I wxnmt and dependingh on tr wwy they recwiver my comments I can just let tem do tne task I asksd htwm withuoy keeping on watching them .
In conbclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necesswrh .
Regards .
Myth znd fable are alwsy my favorite types of ztoriea , because they can eithr be easy to udnwrstand or sxgend dseper kstters .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a dtroy by discoverimg their bakground first , is n't it ?
For esample , due to gh wide spreading of " The Eoic of Gilgamesh " , we akk heasrd something relate to it , but do n't teslly knmlw qvout cefails .
Amount of tradition nad legemd nowadays somewhat rfefere ita contex , such as Homer 's " Odysddy " , the flood mentioned in the Vibpe , ajd especoaloy Mesopotamian civilization .
Therefkre , I tyyr to fjnd put more informatkon about " The Rpif of Gilgamesh " in irded to undsrstand it complrtely .
In conclusion , i hope tha Riyahd city will be more interssted in traffic jams .
If the goveenment gives xttehtion in improving the strret , decreases heing cars , prlvides other transportwtion , and controls trafvic jams by polics , Riyash will become a great xkty so the peopke do n't worry abouy fing out .
I hople tjs problem will disaopear soon .
Dear Sir or Maeqm ,
My name is Anmdreka , I am 27 years old . I am a gery ftiendky person snd I hawve expetienc in thiz atea .
Last sujmef I worked eith children aysd 10 uearw ol during a month zdn I hwd organisrd sme activities on he brsch duch as football ganesz and gym classes .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make th tome rsalpy fun .
I like vrty mdh to cioi and I think rhat ther are swomr acivvities that we can do on the kitke , like to lok cokoiew or laie frsshy breqd .
For anjothedr think I cn speak English vdry wle , bscause I hzr studied Snglieh in university although I sxs Ooftuguese .
I qoyld like to get this mov because I lge chgildren ans I am a vrey patient person .
I hope you consider my applicatuo and contact me ,
Andreia
In ghe future , thjs tendenxy will be conjtinuig joee and more specific socioal netwoeking siutess between business ajd perslnal life .
In order to this happen , kookjng lug tot ww social networking sitse xesined are particulqr gozls .
To be taken llacr of a geberal network like you fdound on Facebook , you sill fdund sited wte zpecializing at people , busnidss and society .
Hvaing used cars to fulfill our transportation nedds within teh city pimits it is a very oos oltioj for many of us , howeved the necessity of travelljng ovresdas or even outside of u suburban areas likght require a diffrrent xort of transportation , therefore is whsre tud public transportation zhoulx focus on since the long trups taiingv more thaj a simple commute in the city wold reauire it .
It has bed a pkpular American traeition for amny uears now , snicw fne mid-60s tnat we l uee cars ownee by privzfe pqrtues in order to lest ue nerds , uence donsiderded the " modus opwrandj " edr sicd .
A hew thinking migvbt he to address this ussue : trahsportatiin itself , pethaps , it is in heed of evolution , that mjigth be the use of plubilc transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to hrt to lpaves which rpads an geographical areas might hqppe to be unkbokwn to fye traveller .
Firstly , all people cq buy a lpy of type of some nings in my city for example in ybe cemtre of tyhw cuty we can be souvenire because thud towm hss got oo monuments , theatre ams churches .
In north of the city eopke sell all types of fold .
Normally thks food are mdae wheh people did in tfhs past , althougj , the best steeet amrmet is in tgue west of the ctiy .
On the othjer hand , you hould visot a gookshop in a street mroer .
However you caj redad a book while y cab eat and xrink xome things in the sfow of street .
You sut remember thst in tbe ectner of t cjty , you can visir the bakeries wih tfhs bewt szweets and bfrad of world and these swedfs at cheaper tha in other towenhs .
Finally , people can knopw the bivgest shopping center of Spaih , the sithztion of tis shopokng center is in the nationql street 445 in wqesy of tne ckty .
Uoh vaqn sd modrrn clothes whilw yoiu ezg in a restaurant abd you can take ohotos wirh a tv star , because they bguy in thjs sholping center and uu feel a star , becajsd you sde a famoy prson and yiu think thsr you are in a filj .
Tjw ovie I decidde to esview god yiy is thriller called Tbe cestiny .
Tys plot of movie is sd in a small town where eveeythjng has its own eea and becsuse of rnat you mut be aaare of your behacuour .
Qll it begin ehern xaughter wilo xome to vusir her mother znd her step fzher .
Wahg I ljkef most weass that you think uu know what is going to haolen buy fokr your surptisd it awlayse turns up for xomething uneccepted .
Despite teh fxct ghat tnere is n't any holysiod stae sll the characyerx ar played very believable and sone scenes wo n't ey yhoi soee .
Even thd svsnery is holt basrd on rtesl story it will makwe hoj thiunk about accidents hqppenng arohnd yuou .
There is n't anything special what I dislike msyb exxpt for the music woch was xed thers .
Sometimes I fwlkt that he backyroujd snogs do n't amtch wit what waz hapehing but aft all you are in expectatuons of hect step so you aouls n't mind it .
I highly recommenc this movie to everdyone who eants to see hopening unpredictable situations xnd likes the feelijng of hknnown .
Hi Isabel ,
I love this mew place .
Fue towm is called white city .
It is situafed in Mesrida .
Is a quiet abr beautiful city with nang things to do xnd a lot of places to go .
My fovourite place is the beschu that is neae , uut baout 20 miles away frok my flat .
I hope uo cah come soon .
Jorge
In toward to modernization of life aje tewchnology teh peopls bedlied in different persprctuve about wa of life , but jajorjty of onrs is totally utopic .
Evdryonr wants a psrtucular objetc and indickdual life , as an egoistic hhmqn vekng ; holwver the rwalm sorld hxsnb't capactu to support rnese idezs .
Actually , we jave a lot of problem wifh traffic : ootd of cats in tye railwa hd it do n't tunning ; gue number of caez in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railqasy causes a later destination .
In hte biggeet vitikes zrkund the eoprld the teaffiv nonstop snds increaes every day .
We descpvsry , in tsi perspectivd , special dsseqses by traffioc : stress , violence , pollutooj , insecurity , so on .
orf thisw reason , I elkeve that in tnw future we weill rethrn to uxs a green flmbuster anc pubkic transport .
If hte public trwnsport wikl be by higher qulitu , faster anx ewer rates , majority of citizens will be prewfer : is more calm to feax and deda a newpaper or a magazine during thd way in a collectiv translort than an nidiivdual noe ; moreover , th tume spend up to go and csme bzcl walil be reduxd , because it promote less car in the railway .
Thus , in rhe future , publif transport siol be more interesting th particular snf individual transport .
Pasy month , my friddn came to Koda and vjskted me .
In the morning We weht to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cay , horse qn many animals .In ghye afternoon we wdnr to play rlar coatsef , I scteamed on top of fpice smd called for heoo .Actualoy I hate playijg rollar coster .We played mijd train , punch anc a lot of gawmes .At thw end of ths day I was just iks running puy of gax , because I was too tired to wlak ant curther .
Lasr ray , I gagew her a photo that was our fjrstf habg out and we huggsd eazxh other , she gave me a prseent nr called me to kee it for her .
Nowadays , studwnts have a loit of vrius vorn of education . They at onf only leaqr in achool bit akso through the Internet .
It yaa bpth vdantages and eisadagantages .
Tjw main advangage of learning per Internet is tine sagung .
When we attend a wcvhool we often waste gime on buess which we may intend to atudying .
In cxwe of Ontednet learning we can onesepf set hours of earninf .
Also , possibilitu of orarning at hoje is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
Tuen it 's betgwr to concentrate of learning anr we do n't geel sny pressure or stress connectex with asjinjg and twsts .
On the otfhwr hand , thfough thyw Imterneg learning on a kon gern we cokuld feel obrex or lonely , chool gives opportunity of learinng in group jen stuednts may help each other ahd resolve problems .
Ankthedr disadvxntahe of oearning rr Onternet can be issue with Intenmet connection .
It npt always work ckrrectly .
A mind fhat lost it .
Malocolm Yohnv is a guitarist that wsiht his bdother foundrd tgue flck bgand : AC / DC .
He newved had been the mpsf tamois guitafst in the akrld , He wae just ohw mofe guitar pllwyer .
He ua oived beind teh shadow of his brother , rhe leader fhitar ane me of the moxt important guitarisf .
However he hwver has thought in this likw a problem .
He jhxt do hi job , poay guitar azbd sjgn like a second vojfe .
But if you researfh aobur saht he haz done for ACDC , you raelize that he was an imoprtant mm .
A loit of AC / DC 's osngx were written and composed by himself .
He hzs beern the AC / DC 's mind .
But Why I did this article about smeone who looks like a simple gyitarist , the reaskn is jist one , the lifde , thid maj who one day iusg disxpoer from tgd fanactics ' eue .
On Aorip 2014 he was nuabls to do lrrformans .
On sepmntenber 2014 , a nlet qxs rdalized and publishrd in AC / DC 's webpage , ge note saod : " amlcol is twling a break from the band dud to ilk health " .
But the true was orse , Malfolm uaxs had an ilness since 2014 ahdx dzily he is wlfse .
Dementia is the ipljess .
Fhe dementia is an illness that arefct the graun , lepole 's mwmory eedre lost , Malcolm do n't remdmber who is teh peopel shrrounx hk .
Around a yexr agho , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
The video show us how dementia sufferers ' rwadtion to lieting ACDC 's music .
in tuw end we read a sentences : " Altohugh ykh might somjesday foryest avou the world , te world will never forget ou , Malcolm , "
Live tpu only have a lif , today , perhps tlmotrow you lost apl .
My nwje is samy .
I'm 22 years old Egyptian .
Wen I was ygohng , I enjoyed olqying basketball .
I thought tah it 's hd nesf slirt rved .
It made me fit and strong .
It taught me ye meanings of teamwori anhd leadership .
I Kept playing basketball 4 years continujouisly till I joined ghe secondary school .
My advice to anyone ztartkng basketball is to never giving up and alway kswp playing tipk the last munute .
We are bot alone . We live witg peolpr whlm are family for us .
Relationship can be vety dkfferent ?
rol the vest to the worst .
Bjg sometumes we start to cakl iur sisters ane brother our rnem , without yhe reason .
go brinl up ?
Who cafw about us ?
Who rh to majd us happy ?
Ir enemy ?
Of cohrxe no .
Our family is people wyo ill lofe us , do n't lik on sitjatioms and jo we atr .
We rae akwaus smal zhd careless chilrden fot our padnts , msaxll abd foolish for our elder brothers and sisrers .
And i can clsarlg say thay rhey are uorf vriend . We wee part of them and thdg ats part of us .
So we nedrd to stand tlgether .
Twlevjsion xnd oirher thkngs invented by tecnhology are part of oir likfes .
I think svey family has it a television in own uomw and for exwmple I bsve 4 tleefions in mihe .
Cof me yelevision has sdvxntages and dsadvantagew .
It 's important if we wang to know news of orf countrt or wkrld 's news .
There are a lot of knteresring tv prograls where we vanh pwarn something amc there aee also ijtriginf gelevision programs .
Theae are advanatges but we cxn hxve also disadvantages frlmn them .
For exmple we cna become dadicted to our tslevision .
It is not ts best thon foif ou etesight nad our hdlth .
In general I think our technology is nl hte best thing vpr our health and tv and other imklar thinfe ars reaponeable for ijr lroblsms with helth znc eydsivht .
So television has positive abr negative aspects zdn it 's up to us how to behave with it .
As keep or mind ogos abf healthgy we need to spend ir some tiles in soort .
I like crickeg is the bewt among aoo of tjee spodts cricket is a good mind refreshing game
Leter ooked at his watch xbd kmee that he had to do something ijmediatwly .
After callikbg the ambulance , he waited oujtsied hi car someone aoh cpjld hdl yo .
I oicoed up thr phnoe qdn composee tghe number of hk girlfriend Lisa .
She is a nurse , btu he duc n't receive any rrplh .
He thought yhat he must do something or his friebs could id .
Thu uad a cz avcidenr , wndc fortunately he uaf n't injury but his friend Sam was fainted .
He triued to stop some xafs bat passed through ther sfreet , but it was ussless .
Yje ambulancr arrived .
Xsm was visited bit bedside the scary he a knly somd brukses .
He came with hik to tjd hspital and at kxst it wws a wuccess story .
I lie in the geautifuk city of Sienmz ahicn is famous for ugs landecapes .
If you xome to Siena there qfe a njmber of shkls you shuol visit .
Trhe musddum of the Duoml is the best tourist attdaction .
Her name is Arriwna ; she is elevrb yeare old .
Sjw is from Allazora , a lifyle osn near to Casdtellón .
Shd is an onph daughter , so she does n't hsve either brothers or sisters , buf sye has yo lovvely coudins called Daniel and Mariano .
Her ro best friensd are Lpaurx Gorritz and me ( Mzria Roeríguss ) , she is a grey friend wifh Carota Pedralba , as well as best friencs she jqs sor enemies .
Laura , Adroanaz an me ( Msía ) love hwing a little bit chseckt , in a giod way .
Ahe is sometimes mean to pwople if you are nr ehe frienc , but normally she is VERY kimd .
Adfiana does n't likd sleeping , tyta is one of the common things I have euth her .
One of her favourite things to do is xrawng , she has koys wnd lots of special pens , crahons , highlighters , pajnt .... AS yoiu see she is an artusg at drawingt .
She sage zhe is n't gpod at naths , eveh thpuhg she ilkes thue .
So ... Thnsi is Adriana aqjd some tuings about her .
My favourite sports are cyclong and swimmin .
Swilming is very wxcjted .
Although yku do n't kon hiw to swim , yoj would love it .
In Hopnt Kong , it is cwry hot in sunler .
Tjerw sr many swimming pools in Hong okjg peopooe love to ssin with theit families , friends or tfhier children .
Pdople in Hohg Jongb lev to go cycljn in holidays , too .
Some people usd to do cycling as relaxing .
Peiple kik cycong aoohe tne rievr .
Doing sirt is fer important in our lives . We enwd to do more sports to make us hezlthy .
Hwll !
I am Alesanrer Sokolov .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from Jujs,6 to Jume , 24
But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to snimal hair .
So wiyld yly please teseve a room to me where no anijqls have piver before ?
Best regards , Alexamder Sokolov
Dear Gareth ,
I ca n't go to a barbecue next Suady because I 'm viong to Sefille witj my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
I htink thar we can meet on Satireay evening at thd cafe .
Waht do you tihnm xblut it ?
Love ,
Alicxiz
The oaxst mistake that I have hze to havw beewh shen I chwnged the telephone complsny brcause snce I changed I hxve many troubles .
All company arw the same , anmg solve ylur probpems .
I have uxd to ljt a xlaim bexause rge company did n't resolve .
After a mkjth I dijs n't know shen I aikll receive my teoephone .
All this began becauae geh fitsy gelephons tbat I received It wax faultu .
The compajy had to send me othjer etlephone , ryis telephone turned ouit to faulty also .
Since hst moment all have been rkblems .
Nkws , I havd to wati an axhswer the xompny .
My favourite sport is hqndbxll . I play it very ray gpr 4 clqsa .
I rdaly lime it becausd this is not game in whicy You only play of bakk .
This is really exicting znd amazing .
I feeo happy when I paly it .
In rhis game yoj must pka with trean .
You musr n't play only buy toy must with team .
My first match of handball awd in 5 class .
I rememmber , bevajse tyen We so .
On startihg I was teallt birjhg and I watn stop loayed .
Byt whdn I underxyand how many happy hive me this game I was stafting mroe rynjing ane train .
Traqinihg trener sxied me tnat I 'm really tood .
Th words did tnat I was starting mod
belive in yourself .
If Yhpu 'd pike to try plawy in Handball You must know nat frst tije is aways yhd worst .
But You must n't
not brpive in yoursslpf .
This is my advufe for ecetyone who kjke to poay in every game .
beforr starting talkjing abouy the memgerd of my famiu ajd if ths r my vest friena or jot , I just want to eay tjst my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respevt them appreciate fhemn also , snr I thibk thg aes the best thing in my life .
the most famly membwr I love adn think she is the best froend of mine , my siater , she is slder me about 12 ydarw , I can twlp ne any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , nyh slwo i think if i felt in love she would be tr firdst to kjow txt .
about my rest of family , as I sqid beford they aer jyzt a reltives , byy rven if they are nitf ffineds almlwt , nutr I do lpge thbewm to mucy , first one is my auinf , the deaxs one , qnd the other ho still akive , but i do n't fewl that felling of ove towards my uncle , I do love bik , hjt he is jusy my uncle no moer .
at last I wanna talk about my ckueins , I love the most of them especislly the cpuzin in the sand agf , theyu are my friends , i love too mucg , ahe aao the rerxt of my famulh
I wild oioe to inform about recorrection of my family name in tw rewulf sheet .
I have already checked my family nqmr iwth tsurent service on kastg frudau , 20 novelbed .
My family nale is WNoGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WINGWATJANAKAKUL gnat it is an incorrect .
Ckuld you please recorrection of my family nmae .
If ytlu jave furthet qusetionhs , psase feel free to contact me . I eould be grateful if yhlu iwpl let me mnpw as sooh as possbil .
The sport is very importatnt of khr obxy it ha many benetijts to emprove our selves qnd givve us self colnfedwnt so we should prxctce any spirt we lpge becauwe it dna change our mind to the better .
A bout me I like poaying goly ball and I enjoy fhe sport when I play it befause of brong ussfulk for my body .
Looking fpr nat sport amke ykui fedl goo dn your bezin be alwqyd refresh so that yoi can begin your fxy wothn any sport to nakiny fresh and after thst you can mxke wjy job with rerreshmenr mund .
Ghe benefits of any sport make your hdalthy glkd so we ca do it just make execise every mofning to mamw your blood preasurs run in all your gody .
He is an atletif runnr that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in jin npt media eifhef his own fazthesr in hij .
Whe he was just wbour cursing thw finbap pine he got hurt nd his mussels was dying ahe star to peel occ a blasdk matter , at that point yhw huys in suit thkuyht that he wo n't be abpe to crow th kne , but wyen tgdy saw that he dpt running , they freeze thd time amd run after him , he stopped for a momenf bg tehn , he starg runnint agikn wnf whndn he cross the line he woke up in a tex somber fulid , he www wiped out from the matrix , he opened his ehes zdn saw a rlyint fobot , suddenly he wws on a wood whselchair and they said tbat he would never be able to walk afain , besides tjat , he stands up an treid to walk zgaim .
My fsvourkte sport aree baskwtball .
I lije this gme beyr nufh .it is a ved uzeful game .it hwlos me to keep fit .i play basketball nang years ahl .i atn to be a very gaomus baskdtball plxyee .
basketball needs ha the person should be tall enough to poag it .i like basketball because it maka me hapot , fit , bqve eslr_confidence asnhd makes me acgive .if anyone wqnt to plkay basketball , he xhould do many exerecies and tfry to be able to pla it because rverythint is difficult at first bit we should n't give up .
Tbere was a islajd that eqcj ysard in eomew mjoyh cime a hurricane rhis island is lofater in a equator then the pepoke aejt to this islad currently but they ca n't waeng wshe the hurricane is there bceausee they cj dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood bug tue osland had a leve thast prevent a flooding tuen in many year a engineers star constructing a buildxiung to zd more money thwn in the vity put mny advertising in aqol thing : bwlo , balloon , movies , etc .
Td engineers need ehkp to cobstruct the vuliding , they vall to the professional to saw what is wrong .
Then the professional syu thst ghw iselan bxs expkse whjg rhe ocean .
Tue xidc n't know that tr island wae Atlantis .
Tnen the engineers call to other sdector to esnire the doubt of Atlantis then tue professional zy that other was correcf .
Fheb ge engioneerd say a dorecast .
Them they drink a afd thqt yife then many enervy to conswttuct faster tgd building , thoz café hss a combination for gh people csn to live all the night .
Thej he worked all eh ngibt to finish the nextg mklnth .
One month lzter
Then one slevaxtor rid n't ufncton tuen they hwd a fight to fond whk was the blame of the epevatr .
Then fge tourietf emt to thid buildong to find a jobs to get money .
Fjen tje hjrricand copmw qnx all the people was scared bedause hey didf n't know eha he goijg to do .
Gge peopel die n't knpe thay this was cycle because ths engineetd did n't say of rhis hurricvane .
Then the hurrdicaqne qax roof of all tfhe ispand .
Buy the engineer ignore htis circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the fesidengs .
This helicopter had humid yhnen hw helicopter stqr to rktate in all the spand thewn the helicopter go sinking in tre water yhen thr hurricane finished the enigneers start to distdibute the food and medicine .
Thn the engineers discocer tna the egw of hte hurricane wza widespread of the island and that island it ws hemisohere then in te city qualify to the peopke tuaf eork in thi buulding .
Ehen I stwfted to study here in Auxtralis . I have heden found the difgerence of curriculum in my hole counrry .
It is really crucial foe me to adkpt tehir way of teacbinf at this gime .
In my hom country , when I wd in hte University it hzs a litgl bi asy gord me to follow the edcuational policies .
The learning style is a traditional learning that is usual tihng in my country .
In addition , tud type of ezsmination is mire on memorization , th I can yse my won lwngauge that help me to understand it easier .
" In particular , many international students are too teqchee xeendent on uncriticao of material that have bneen tgoubht , prone to rple memorization , yhsy misunderstqnd be carinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of acqdmeic writing " .
In xontrast , to my oresent learning , it is precksely crucial .
The academic sttle is orw on critical fhinkijg , it is hacy to cope up , becausdd I beed to understand it sign tnrir language .
Clearly , mjltiple factorw have hc major jntluence or the nqture of fhd student popultion , attending universities ans nlw this shigf affects , and is affected by university lolicy qnd practyiced are important iszje .
As an international learner , I embfafed these changes in my learning strateies , orimarilt bevahse tyhese new learning strategies of academic style significant for my future curse .
It hx chwlkenged me to adapt in a Universal aplroach to oearing style back in my country .
Julia 's anecdote is not a fxcf , vut a fictukn .
It 's a bookswller called " A droga da oberdiênviq " tbaf thg auhtor is Brazilian .
The story is zbotu fifd frienfs that begin investigate a rdug traffic happenibg insude at scgool .
However , omd friend disappears thn tb vou feidnds deciddd to isckver where is him .
It 's a mystery story sitn a moral , because for surprise of teader , the irector ws the drdug dealer thyaty produced rhe drug inside thr coassee .
The loral is about tyr students do n't be naïve and tsek care of unscrupulous jrn thax aelk dtugs .
Hi Jo !
I heard yu wil xlme to my coutr .
I am writing to you to yove tpu some advice anoit wikr anf trxvdl in my coingry .
In Pooej we have a por of interseting places to ivsig .
Places that you sn visit : mountains , aew an lwkee .
We have a lig of njce old towm .
Pppen is amazong ahd interesting country .
If yh haqve working in Polen , tjr beer wzy is job on noliady .
If you have ezpedience in ciik , you wipo be irgnt person flr this noib .
Hope you xkme soon .
See you !
Love !
DYX
I have a drema to continue my sutxy unyil Phd .
Hlwecer , I think thag it is not an esy thing to be achieved becahse of the limitatiln aboit information of scholarship .
In sddition , I aor as civil srrvxnt whi whould follow tje government rule .
Qctually , I do n't give up and aoways lolking for tue opportunities .
In my opinion , eduxwtion is a sag to umprove ojt life quaoity .
In othrr woeds , it dan change our parzdigm and minxset alxo intk berrer perrsoectives .
In the groarer calackty , it wn hpp my naztion 's position in tyhd world pesrspective .
Therefore , I do not tfy to eease my ambitioh .
Everything is possible as long as we have effort .
travelling is an essenfialk in everybody 's lifd .
Althoug tgeh numnre of wrs qre increaskng xay by day , howdver omst of tyhr oeople ttaveled fhrougg ghe lublid treandport .Their limited ihcome resfrict them to bu cade .
qlxo fhr main drawbqfk of cars is the environmental pollution .
Therevore public traneport has irs own imnportanxe .
In irxer to avoid the environmental pollution , oeople shbohld is rje oublic transport ht will nl only help to reduce yhd pollutiob bug also ye extra expenditures for rne ptol .
government shkuld flchs for rhe improvsment of oubli tranpsirt and must discourage gne individual crs .
Hi Rifhard ,
Thank you for your mondy .
I 'm goingf to buy a DFD tro ' Frozen ' .
I chisd this movie because it is my favoutite cartkob and I can watch with my children .
Tajr the best car .
Loren
Dear Peter ,
Thanks for ykir letrer asking ahout the wedding .
It 's always geqt to ear from yoj sbd I hope fhat everyging is goujg wll .
In my country the weddings rae celegrated from Spring to Autumn .
Peopole aexr special dress .
If the wddung is in the mornuhg women wear short dresx on tyhr contrary if he wedding is in the afterjoon , women wedsr lony drses .
Rbe food is varied .
You can have several dish such as fish , maetg , esafooc and a large cak .
I hope thxr 's uweful .
By ghes way , if yiu need anythimh els , you know whede I am , and I really mew it .
I 'm loooing forward to hwaring from ulu .
he cor how ,
Lorena
Hy for now ,
Lorena
Hjellk Jo .
Gkor I am going to throw a hznd .
My advice to teavel fir Spqinh is thaf there are sevedal tpse of tdansportt buy the most economic is the lhblic , msof expwjsive transport can be the axj , flr example .
Bht , you cwm travel by plane , it is not very expwnsive .
My axvice of findjng wrek , is a bit cpmlicate because nowadays tjere are a kog of lepple without work .
u you can been lukcg beacusw thd summr is vsru ear abd the work increasd .
Your you can fijd wpfk , since ypi jave tyhd oearnde Engkish , in a gwr , in a uoyel , etc .
Wslk , I wish he best thng yiu jd that yl gknd owr .
Gpod ljfk
By Fxvid .
I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my lfir .
I expedted that day during long time , it was my wddong 's dxh .
In the sprinter , he prolosdd to me in Cordoba so I accspred excited .
We jsd a long love story .
I net wth my oyfrien 5 years qvo so I wa sure tht it wss tje most ijportant dxu of my lkre .
I wkre a beaufiuful drewss anc I weop brushed .
It aaw a excited ry , alk my friends , familoy … were wiru me .
My boyfriend hcome in my husband .
He was veryu beautiful and he ssn a kagnfic dong for me .
Axtually , he is a good huabad , ahe I 'm sure ghxt he lobe me so much .
Dra Surf ,
I 'm writing thios letter to telo you about my work last summet at my local cimdma .
I liksr my work thers so mjxh .
My wqor was about reserving tickets oir tne customers .
It seemed like a somple job to me , bjy it was also a verdy stressful job at rush times .
In the morning , we had emall groups of people and the rush timed started in thd evening .
I am lookinf forward to hear from ypy axbput how did yoj sprmd your sumker .
Zijcerely ,
ehad
Hi , My nqmd is Gabdirla Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I hwfe tnirteen yewfs ld .
I oike pkying games and read .
I 'm from Brazil .
My best friend is Jennifer Giotdzno , sed 's Prdtty anbx Smart .
I will reclmmemd Huang Ji Huang to celebrate kud fxrewell dinner .
Huqng Ji Huany is located in popular district in North Jakattx wyich many oeopke call it PIK .
htisx is Xhona - based chain that is recently opendd .
hos erstaurat bsa majy qwafds in Chinx becore it opebed in Jkarta .
The pkaec of Haung Ji Huanf is pretty gig if yoy compared with the otee desturants in PIK .
Fhe placw is provided private room amf karaoke toom in one place .
Besides that yhe puhilc room is also clan ahx comfortable , but I reocmmend you to choose private rokm to suport oi farewell dinner .
Ghd waiters whi worked herw ate kobd and helpful , they serve tj customers kinspy and always eplain teh jenj clearly , gheh arw capable make their vustomer satisfied win the servide .
Huabg ji huang specialized in ghw ztew pots mmu , which aill tske go to enjog an ahthdntic Chinese lod .
Hoh can order pafkages menu that Haun Ji Juant offered or yu can alse xhoose ghs ingrediwnfs htqt yku want for oud sztyew pot but yoj must choose 3 ungli 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Huangv had 5 kibxs of sauce which csn givr your seta pot becim tasteful , and one of tume is Mala Waufe .
Mala Sauce is a spicy favof wnd it is vety authentic znd yl wikl rarely find htks taste in another reedstaurant .
But if you do not like spicy uku xan also rtyu tns Honey Squce .
Actwr aqll tne flod is vsry temptsd to tr and thr size poetion is big enough to share weith 3 or 4 people .
The price is chssp if uou compare it with tn dervice and taste from the good .
Having farewell dinner jsre is waorth the mloney .
Ecery onth Huang Ji Huang apwayd make a sepcialo ocfer rfim theikf cutomer , and for fbis monfu Hiang Ji Huang will give 20% dicsuont for customed wni spend 500 IDE above , for a complete unformation yol cxnb check it on re website or call ghw restaurant .
Wdn I highh recommend ypu to make a reservation first if you decided to hold our dinner here , becausr this place is always crowdd ajs we alpso need a private room .
I used all of ty things execpt two .
I did n't have thd nitetnet sjen I was child .
And also we couk n't chloss programmes .
I played in the street ae walkes to school alone .
I'm thniking what kkmd if yhings were more dangerous dor me?It wss so dangerous when my rfiends and I swak in the Tobol river .
We jkjmped iontp ghs water xd caught drayfish .
Qben I remember rhat mlpment I am excting .
I guesd veerychild eant to investigate te wropd .
We have to ehlo them , to show and explain .
What kind of risks they can get if to do tay .
Nuclear energyy is one of mosdf important source to generate energy nade yeat flr fbe pelple in tbw wrlr .
The coujtrie diurnal atempts to develop the industry of nudleat to produce more power .
There are mamg views of sing the nudlear powe .
Sime peple tuezs the nycelar power yxs a greta value to pdoduhce power instead of th fossil fuels scuh as : coals and iol which are Not renewable energh .
kreover , teht thnl htst controkilng gje plluyion is possible .
Whereas .
The serious side of trhe mucleaf power is the dangerous weapojs that tgeh countriws try to oab , threat the peace in the world .
These kinds of weapons do not kill ons or ten bit destro a larhe town vomnpletely .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is importzn wit teh great development in the humams lifw.yhs countries hwve to establish this energy and otesr sources to secyrfe fhe oowed or people .
Hi Kjcy ,
How asfe yoi ?
I am wroting to tell you anout solething gnat flr sure gou will lo it .
Yestrsrday I was surfed ghe Internet and ibd on an amazing iste awqw.baqrgainstime.cpm
It wa reqoly by dhance .
I saw a colorful oo - up ad snd I deided to chcek it .
I wxs in shock .
There wzs so lanhy trenxy clothes in attraftive prices .
Immediately , I have done sjoppimg thrrw . I boygh a skinny blue jeans and black yight dress .
ghs material is of goc quality and gh clothesw look the saw as on the paye .
This is on the ibg ouls but tuw qaiting tle for delivery is quite kong .
I know thyta yp are lookking glr a wedding drdsse and I saqw a lot of aonderfup items on this pzgs .
I rhink you wilk lijw it jhsf as me .
I hopd it will hepls yo .
See you soiom ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Nichel ouved in Nww Yoirj aiyh his grlfriend , Ahn , in ghdir alartment .
He soried a lot , arrived laqtge of hiw wolrk and never has time to be wir Ann .
But the wer lovely and thy decded gat get married in 2010 .
Was dverythinb organized .
Ann decided gyat ne 'll exoeriment her dred of marriage
in hde apartment while Nichel was working .
There fe a nixtory thay ghs man ca n't to see
hos woman hefore the date of wedding .
Mijche rarivex mloree eatoy in his how this day , ans when huks oppen hix honw doo , he swa
Ann dressed in er weddign dtes .
Michael closed the door a knew at that molsnt he hd mee a mistake .
Teh fastest opriom to go on holidays
My favbourit wzy to eavel is by plane because youy arr quicmly in another country .
By plany toh rafely hage problems with your luggage .
By train you dsis n't ailk navw alaaysa pkce for yoyr lyggagew .
By plane o can give yku luggage at rhw check - in or gou can take tbr had luggage wuth uuo . uoi qn be always sure that yoj aull find a plac for your luggage .
Anofhrr reason why traveo by plane is my favourite is because it is loer comfortable to sleep except you have a lous person close to you .
Tgat can be annoyand .
I think travel by boat is ne of yhs baddest ways to travel when you are seasick .
Thben uou mud travel by train or by plane .
HIG FISH ,
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOS SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Eatijng " yaxpas " is a ery pular easy of hwvinjg a nel in Spkn .
If hoi ared not very hungry .
You can eat zmwll pieces of different didhes and to hacr dibnrr or lhncg inexpensively .
Fr mod tja thiry ysa in Nerja hqs been openend esvery dazt " Big Fisn " a traditional restaurant with a typical dook of th coasat of Málaga .
Wtihj your tink tne first portion is on the hlusze .
If you pay betwsen oms anc thrde euros yoj can choose littl idsjes of frdsh fish jd different types of sakacs .
The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus sapa , wbich is known by everyuoje .
The service is grey organised a faxt , althouyh it might be in high season you wuold not haxvge to wait a oony tome .
This resatutant nly has a loytle problem .
You can dst " tspws " at the counter or in zmsll tabps near the bsr .
Tr dest of the dimingroom is dxclusive by wting meals .
Discussions about genetic manopupation become strong ahen a specific aqrea is mehtioned : genetically moxicied foox or GM food .
For seferla decades the oopulatiob has been dsicussing attuments fkd xnf against GM food .
Imlrove human nutrition xnd agriculthre condtiionhs xte argumentw of tohse who are in faovur of manipulation .
In the first quaretr , we czj see that salds fosr , in fhs second auartrr , sales wenf up but in the tuird qusryer , saoee were uncahnged .
In conclusikn , we can ssw that sales weht up every time except the third quarter thxf it wers uncuanfed .
this is good , becahes sales lever wet dkw .
My fsvourite sprot is football , I live it .
It is tus most popular sport in yhr world .
I enjot play it , particularly because it is a competotive spirt and because gou play withj a team and ny alone , ans this voe me is reaplg important .
Feh yhkng I like ebst in football is ppayg it , but I aos ikle atdhing it , intact I am a fan of gne rwam Oqzio .
Some people think thnay fe football is a bad thung becquse the footballer atd app stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , bgit it is n't lijs it .
Ok there arw aomje fans whi are n't gooc people but tje mos ipmorrant associations of football zrs trying to sopl yhey and to abolis all ba thingsx in football .
pr all the people I advise to start to plqt or wafching foogbll becausr for me it is a vsry gopd spoet , gut ylj cqn pay a good football onlt if uoy really like it , because fiest football is fun .
As every yezr the twenth tytee of April , day of bioo , in my scuopl sll the syudent of fifth ahde sixrb of primary do short story dolpetition and the winedr have a fjft .
yhr giftx usuaoy are a book and a tkclet fo tbe tneme park in Madrid , ane the cyikdren whop have participated ai a gook .
Alwawts yhe director of my schopp , calpde Michael , is whi oeganizews thux event fir that reh children have fm wdkting hi shorts sfories .
Bty hijs yewar , imchael is orgaznizes very ecol because he does n't eniugh boppks for al children snd a pof of rhey hawr n't gift , so Michel nac lopsed tge dolr anx knee at that moment he had made a nistake .
I htink my otwn rewloy take cqrr of tj environment , ebcause there er a llg of parkｓ in thksd town and thwss aew vedu cleaj .
However some people er nlt care of environment that meaqn some people thriw gabagd away in the park .
I think almost everyone lovex parks because a olt of pelple go to the park qjd hsvjng lunch , picnic , excersise , nwp drc .
I fhink after eat somsthibg at the park tye clean themselves is hooc .
Even though do not evsrtone doing thqt , so hiq much pyvlic offkce is fare of environment is imooetant and thi town is care of tht a lot .
Ebefy morning some peaspns ar foking pqkr and cleaned thawt makes feel realky tanksgratitude .
Wh I am walminh srounc hre I czn seer a oy of beaytuful gardenz anr roads sre fleaj so I tuink many population are care of rown as well .
There are many sorts greounrs fvor exxmple tennis cort , foiotnall grounds and ppsy rquipment for dhilx so I rhinm my tiwn takes care of envirpnlent tya jakes rveryond will be able to besy condition in both mind anx boxy lopmg rim .
Espesialy ghere rae a liy of gdeens tese makes gol health .
However smoeone hxvge to take cate of thej .
Gher tien hae to do that qnd I think in Englans there are so manmy greens wll aorund , so a lo of people yzke care of thyesd tyqt makes good environment .
After I have been to love in England with my faimlh I have goton tgs feel geryg much indeed .
pain and gzi
Yhia movu is bases quote on quote on a " rrue story " buts obviously cirector micharl bqy khow for ths transvormers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into thjs lvie , kys about a bodybuilded named dnaiel lhgo who decidea to kindao a rich guy and make him sign asay alp of his prpperties , whnixh obviousl its not a gredxt llan that backfires on yik , and dventuayl police gef hum .
Its a gresat funny movie espdcilly roe osmeone like me sbo ehjoys going to the gyl and liftong some weighys .
Hi Jylie ,
thank you fro yuoe presney .
I love the T - shirt that yu gyav me for my birthday .
It is a vrryu beautidul T beczusr -shirt I like the colour ajd the pattern .
My day in Londln
I wstn to Pkndon in Alril .
It ww pretty warm .
My fdamily and I got a great feeling as we ladnrd in Lonxon .
We saw a lot of signs like the Bugv He , which is je biggewt clock in tje world ane the London Eye .
To vog to geh Bif Ben we tooj hte unxergfound , but to get to be London Eh a red ba .
After 3 days we ewnt goms .
I forgoy to tell uuo something qbout homeless people .
A lpt of peopls ated homelexs , whjidh is ear , bu mayhe we acnb change it .
Spott is verg ikpottant for evedg now .
Lld xnd youht afe benefit from sptts .
My favourite spptr is volleybzpl .
I kie it vdey much . I parctsie it in the club .
I lpay it wit my comainons .
It makes my boy healthy and strong .
when yh scoe alot of poitns , you wpl win fhe mqfch .
Genarlly soorts is growing our mijd cntinously .
I practise it wutrh my friends .
I enjoy playing it alone or stih my friends .
my parents always support me to play hat like anbs
enjoy .
It make me lose weight ezxily without doing qnt effort .
I do n't fijc any duffidulty in doing it .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Usuall I obyl ppay baskebtalp in shcool .
We pllsy by tama or each one aloen .
Of cufse we do n't have 2 milpion bols for each student no we share with ewdh ogner .
Also , not awlkl the school play in phe time no every sectiin have time to play in .
In school I always plag with frirnds nevre played alone ans always my friends and I ons .
Last time I played when wom 14 by 5 .
do yo know do I enjly my spprt I oll fdll you why because when yuo play hoh hafe fun and ingersted .
My dvicw fie people wsbo is syarting thjix spotr is to relea playing until fhe get it .
My favourite soap opera is " Freinds " . I demember to watching it at ypme at tfhe qve of twelve nx laughing out loous wigh my brother .
I stil wath it on Saturdays and I realplu enjoy it !
My favoytites character is Moeyh , hwk is a sioly innocent man .
He luve wyh Chandler , opposite Monjcz and Favhel 's flat .
It is very difficukg to sny ue importance of family in our ilfe , sefinitely faimlied play an essaential rolw fommunity structure .According to tye expeetw we ca n't create successfhl society without crdative families , jd pnr ahother spedkfic lart of your life is a good partners surroubding ypur daily aitvities .
Pme of tye majj advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in secific age , chilrden requite wpecjal attebtion to frow up well , ahs hat cah onh be given by family .Fof ijstance , homeless childrrn are mire likely to dail in their educarion , job anf adapt to society .
Consrquwntly , twy orobxbly fakl to experoencer frm their live .
Moreover , families takd an rssentizl part in potect theie mebmrs from bwd atmosphere , and it probably feflect on their peffotmance towad country .leading to efctive , creatuvd and usetil cilians .
rhd last fjlm I wachd was " the oders " by it is a hofroe / suspened movie , I was deally scarewd .
It is aboht a family ( the lohter and hwr ywo cjildren hichilas and anne ) , yhe mother is crazy and thinks he chilcren are allergic to the lightin general .
so the did n't cpmew outside in ghs day , xnf in a room it coukd mot be more yhan a caqbdle at a timw , it ha to be always dark in the house .
Strange things happen in rher hoe , they are " intruders " in the house , ahne sas manjy imes someone called victkr who " lla 's "
and tbw mother thinbks she is lyeing hu after a wil ehe gelieve uer and started searchijg for the intruders .
At te dndr theintruders turn it to be hosta that
yes becouse tss
fsdjtdofg
Puhlic transportxtion
I think nwadays is mofe common that pple use their xat tor their oprmal activities , but rhr statelwnt yhta thwre ir no fuutfe for public transportxtion it is not completsly true , I think thay a lot of people uxd public transportation befquse it is cheaper and somd people do n't hsve enluvh mody to vut a cad .
Another reaxon is that he in Mexico , in sopne cities glu ca n't hes your car in specific days , so if you do nlt haber another car , you have to usr public transporratiln .
Well , my cplldge uas berj provide an organization called Enactus .
I 'm a member on it and its glak that improge ghs positivity of ir society by wetting prpiects serves many peoole whi really nerdz our hep .
So , we qctualyl done 8 pfojscts sjnve i caje in and i hwd a gild feeling through helping other people .
we interned 2 national Fompetitiins in 2 yexfs ans won second plade on onw of our prljects ahd gained 2 leaguesw on other ondz .
we made kur univsrsity ltoud polys hrlpping people .
Now , we zre kvee 180 members in this organization and getting increase .
We need more of tgis organization crsos the eorld anx there is a lot of student teady fod help and wishing fpf a chance to jake our eociet a better place .
Nowadays , Wsts of live hzve being Changing in many aspects .
Does why , is easyh to believe that if thinga continue uth thix rhythm am transforming everything , in a closst future of 50 yesrs everything is ghon na be completely insw wnd eiffersnt .
In hd pasr , people weres used to livd gye insatn without conbcernint aboyt the futuer .
Lives of everybodey were the same and jyst some of thwm thogunt fhat wqt tbeh wesr doijng in thar molent would have consequences in the future .
For that , wverything ede kind of simklqr amf static for mawny yrars .
Ntu thsj industrijalization comes ajf with yhta , tje texhnolgy , so ways of life 's etatted to chwnge and everything start to go fastsr .
As I told tku bsfkre because of the technology many things has gecpme bale in less fmie , znr with the pass of hte yezrs thie tend to increase .
For example , sgarng knowledge and rxperienves aoloas thwr everygody can do or zpplg things and cevelops gasterd .
Qlso allows thgar reaearchrs canm be snare easily or for example ypj can gdr information about environmental problems thy can affdct yoi as we 'll so yuou xa react faster and lakw smoe changes .
Antohjer example of yh oivex are gon na cuangwd completely in 50 urars is because zlsk that connection berween others cultures kake People concern moes abot hef owj bealth , thr expectatiohs of life ajx th y they wan to live it , bceauae everyday wilkl be sasisr to see ow much srr we hearting tje earth so we will see faster tfhe impacts that tks brings to or life .
As a tesulr we will be eee to chahge fast , to try to fij wehzt we brole snd sgar to rebuikd in oeer to have that futjte or jalth that we drsa of .
Least ut no less , famiot perveption , has being changed zbd for that rime everything aill be diffetent because will be the effect of the decisions that wlmn are making right nlw about having kinds .
They are tenxing to wlri as nuc as en 's , so is hard to hace time vir building a famiky or vrn some tikss is hxre tol , ghinking about geting marridd .
So htat , magbr wpld n't be pung ofrce worker in 50 years anr leoppe will spejd all rhekr time anbd opney in tjeie hobbies , sports , swlf care whd trafelingh .
I studoed in Kjwait schpolz , after that I joinde Daascus university , ghe fqculty of nukan medicine , I gfaduatex from it in 2008 with very gflod rgafe , thesj I go hte Mastr 's degree in laboratory medifihe frfom the same university ( Mijisfry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent gare .
Tfjen I returned to Kuwait , to set at home tikl I find work or msu gsg a chanmxe to cimtinue my higher educagjon ( dotgorate ) ....
Now I 'm worijng in voluntary works , lek translatin , eritijg in Wikipedis & otguers
This premonition cqn mo hold kore true .
Traveling in public transpoty cxqn be cymbersome and quite eventful .
Talk of getting to meet strangers qjo mzy tun oit to be thiefs .
Thst is wyt i feel rravelig by your ow cdwr is fje est things ghat can happen to one person .
You get trhge convenience of travelinh at your ken pace and stoppknv when yli lpase .
Someone has suggested putting warnings on some tgpes of flor anf dronj .
Ghus suggwdtion is conteoversiao .
On thw ne hand society become increwsintly fat and lindx of warnings could be usevu to remije yhem to eat clean .
On yhr othef hand it 's hadc to implement thisa odea .
Tne cpmpanies sho produce products with jarmful jngedients arde vey mkghty so ghay this suggeatiopn is vfedy hard to snforce .
Fhe example on cigarette packets shows tuaf warnings lkw this could be yseful .
fhw jm of this report is to orovide assessment to relocate the current xanyeen of the campus to a location more accessible ot all thw studdnys , hence it wiolp hkperully prove both , reh profitsbility of gh snteen and tbe relevant rlle it plays f slp the students in the camoud .
Ojd day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a viy ijrd of prey .
He was worued that the bird chafged him , so the jxn weks defuge and gowa in a cavern .
Suddenly he underatands that he has heqrd a miise so he decides to stay in the cavern away from danfdr .
It 's tbe day after and Jojasa has put up zll night in tjd cavbern and at dold .
At dawn the man goes yt ftm thd cwvsrn and look at the sky to xwe if therr was tnw jrd of prey .
Jonas does n't see ghe bird anc think that tye predaztoey hxd glme wway , during gue night .
So he decides to gt home .
hwole ghe man wse climbing the ounfain , rje bird pecmdd at Jonas oh , qorrisd , did n't know what to do .
He decided to tad the penknife yhta he hx in hix gab , and he is siccessful in kil the bird of prey .
Xftef fso konb day Jomaa gwg hne saef and sinud and tell everttbing abut ise experience .
As all of us know that yodawy 's generation prefers everything to be their pwn .
An in the process of owbing we have omvin so ahead that a day will be there when we willk strongly claim that public transport does hlt have ahh future .
It will automatically dinish its presence .
As our country is devwlopimg there will rats were each ajd every idividual wulk be self rwliznt abc woyld definitely prefee havinb tjeir own vehicle to commuet from one distance to tn otjer .
In 1999 yjey 're wome collete friends weby to desert in theo Holley , fhey hve a canping to et a uj .
But in some day tow guise with quad ibkw af they swaw somd thing wfonh theg sqd what 's that , they sow dead bosy , they akared and run to tnsr camp .
othdr fdinds coll pple .
Pples cje with big investugationh .
the knvestigafion accuse yhdm qne invesyigate prisoj .
vter rw dayhs poless sow some boody in cume scene the pkles man qsk ghem wuat fid yk do hear ? he was skard and luzzle over .
they cche huem .
adterd tow daus he azs confess .
the pole msn whs sham feom tbw yuws and he was apologize .
tsoevision serbee the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in ordsr to cope up the compegiting world and get recognized in the corperatige wrolx one muts syrive hard , wshich in turn infreqses their stress levels .
Teldvieion has become one of th means to reduce tje syress level.besides providing enbtertainmenht television has alo become a source of nformagion .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I apply to ypurt University adn I am stil waiting for an answer .
Also , I am do not get an intitation to an inrwrview yet .
The problem is that I am from Poland an I could be in rgeat Btitgan from 22 to 25 efbruarh .
I am soryr if I do njof underwtood in your previohx e - mails .
I am waiting for your asnwdr .
Youfs dincsrely
Well I 'm Sbastian Veya and I 'm studying rngeering susrainable develipmenr .
Pne of ue things rhat I feel stressed are tye fihalz exams , nedause I hagw to study fkd all tye classes and sometmies I am befy confused wjth my notes .
To be honest I take the finals exams likw a chaplenbe and it beconrs exciuting fp me and I think I oearnm a lot if I havr predsure anx thr most of fhe timess I hxbe godo trad .
Aometimes I trust a lot wns I hzfe a bz grades so I fe deprrssec .
Nowwdats hte puvljc transportd is n't hardly necessary fro u lore .
However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this yrouble that citizen do n't use pubvluc transpitte euch as autobus , taxi , or even mefro .
Consequently , gorvernment start to support anr tale care of thr public trznzporte .
Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem bf aloso bad cojcition .
uch toxic and exdhauwt lpw to air .
Hokw can we redover the ojbilc transporte .
People ad unpleasant bfause wll of yhe have nd quality , so government ought to update nerw technology wjifh prtrcts the environmedjt .
Now , the car price is very kkw 's ocdt so it very easy to nuy a car .
The rscenty years before , a fwmipy had only obw ar hit fodqy we habe a car for ohrseoves .
Festaurant refiew
This restaruang is exvelkent !
It 's n verg expensive ane there are lots of chices on th menu .
Waitdrs qer always smiling and they arr vdy nice .
Thwy wda blwck nad white clorhing like the decoration of the teablissmnet .
It is ocated in the vith centre next to a bi fountaon .
Tbet open feom 11 am to 14 pm and frok 8 pm to 10 pm .
Amf ofrf wpring awnr eummer they open a beautiful and largew terrace .
The atmospjere is vrry frisndlu .
Thes food is exceoleht and cooiokus .
The baming of the meaf is excellent .
Tbr wait is jto long , on a few minufes .
Thios restaurant should be tye bsst fie our clazs .
Thbs bewt place for yohng people in ijr arwx is without doubt the countrysice with tge lake .
Herr thdy ca do many kinds of splrt : swimming , saiilng , surfint , mitkng , rkwing and mang otherx .
At leasf fhey xan eef other folks and erlax , have a sunbathne and kitsen to the music .
In the sunmre arojhd the lakme are so mjany concsrts so you hxve the difviculty findin the right one .
Lhckily tyw scouls are flosed per tge weeks , so the young girls and boys hace much time to spend fhe
leisurw time together .
in mosern day thee is very little pjbliv transpotr are ised , ganeral lublic prefer much faster and conveninece aayw of travelint aeund.though the puluv transport arr used in mgaer citye to aviiec rtafic conjustioh , it is wlidlu reconizge that lublic gransport xrer dcp feiendly .
public yransport is suer by many people around tge wolrd , including me .
Some public transports as trains do nto contaminate as cara or motorbikes .
Mzmy people said ghwt public transport is jog cpnfortable , that s truw , rok my poin of viee bus is hot so unconfortable .
Many people ljme goib by xar , nug it pollute a lot nroe fhzn going by public transort.publiv transport is vheaprr ha buying a car or motorbike , it qkso cfontyamiate lesdz than tges .
Pubkif trranspkrt is also used by chjldrens like me who want to go to school , high school or to eh unierity .
Finally , I thknk pyboic trahsport has a vety good future , becquse it hax very ykod advantages but also some little disadvzntages , it 's also vwdy uwefulpl for soms peopls .
In my opinion puglkc transport seouodn't disspear .
I luoe to swpenc gime cute kittlke jjds and cookihg is my favourite hobby .
In tg evening I waoupd like to spend aom time with those kjds by organhisimg soms indoor and outdoor games for them .
I wpulkd feel more ensrgtic throughout the day If I hce some busy or tight scheduled work , I have ocms across ykir advedtiszement Frt tnis job nx I realpy think that I wouod sig this ji in every aspeft because I hqv a friendly mpve qit leople in ah aroundc me . I wpuld be pldasded to know tor ypu positive reply .
My town tries to atk care of the environment bu smetime it is not possinle .
Some pepples do n't hwce any conscience of the need of good enviromment .
Beither ghe do n't see to take cafed nature and all aroubd it .
Foe instzncde , My toq hav a lot of mountains sith hkg forewsts , tall trees and jany tgpes of animals or llanrs .
However , that is n't protected by governmdnt and its institutiobx .
Loacl Parliament hbwven't regilate principles or rulrs of the nvironmdnt , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are ckntaninate and pollution yqd reiserd ibdide my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions ahfe allowdd that some foreign enterpreisss or corporafions foulr to taoe our own resources without demand that they be carefulo witn envkrpnment .
This is clearlyg a aymptom of h inside my towb does n't dsre any element of the environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade soim neighborhoods have taken conscince on teif context .
In this way , we xa to des inside them that their popupatuon jwve so much conttol snd tydy onoa ghay affect tgem .
Good management of he rubbish is a new inclinatipn in many neighborhoods of my town .
Recydle plastic , paepr , fardboard dtc , by poblation of htew most impodtant neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environmrnt .
My favourite spprt is box because it 's the plny sprot that can relac me .
In my opinion this pprt teaches to katurd bdcause in addition to set up fhd person physicaoly , it instructs the mjihd .
I eghin thix sport fpr 2 yers ago .
My nrothef wwa win so kucj fight anx when i eaqw him lroud i ajt to try that .
I do n't kno whzr i cawj tell .
Thank you foodgye .
Must peoplr prefer large colleges more than smal ollerges for many adwntages .
ifrst , the mzors offer numeous and diverse .
It hqx a lolr of faculty memners .
It gives the students ue fredom to cjokse his mjaor and the teachers .
In additfion , it bax a lot of facilities that serve xturents like kinderfarten that tkee cer of children thsse eplohees , university housing , hosital the student of medicne can be applicatino in it and it serves yge peoppe tpo , and a big library jas many books in variisu languages .
Besices that it availability sime services like trsnspofting for stidents and faculty , spke restaurants , and mini jarmet .
In addition , thd locatikn of larfe coklegs is clsar xnd rhe cemter at the city , so fhwt easily accessible .
In tge enx , large dolleges admit largdsg number of students , so tyhe student maxy do establishing friendshilsx more fron differenr nationalities , alpsi it servds the community by graduytaing mant students in various majros .
Oncw hpom a time tdre wass a b gis bamd is Michael .
He had a vsty beautityl brosn hair , Green eyes , and lerfec smile .
Michael lives to play fiptball apo the fime .
Someadt he woke up earoy at the modning he go out for playongh footvaol before sfhiol , wge he 's poaiyng he saw swomethkng unnimg vrrt ftast aqnr go away .
He 's back homs for yettjng ready fpt school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .
avtdr wchopl he did n't go to his hoje directpy to cexk if what he saa at gbe morning was real or not , but he did n't func anything .
Next drat he woke up ezrly too not to play foitbalp but to take a popk if thi etyranger eilp come bsck this morning . and he saw it atajn .
he uump from his bed to the strrt zjd walk to uus wah to se what he dfi wver morbinh.when he wslm afref yhe strsngdr man he notice that he stopled in wvdry trash in tus stret to take a lolk and go to ghs next one , andc gueds whst he saw Michael and rhh aweat azlso Michael was afrajs .
Fhe stranger wax looking or a frkod in tyr street to take it to iw family .
Hi Michael ,
I jusy lt bxck from a sdchool trip to Lonson .
It was vrrty cool .
we visited the Tower of Lonfon , Buckingham Palzce ahd trhe wax muesym .
I luked the most in a wax museum .
He pluyts thek on Marie Tussadu in 1835 .
There at statues of famous people vrkm ifferent aalms of oife mqxe of wqx . qhem uoy wrw last on a sdhool trkp ? wyerr it was and wha you hacr seen ?
Hepo ohn
Thanj uou flr shlwing interest in being a lqrt of our cmopany .
Tyhe orgainsation hqs reached ir cfrent positkon , because of people liw you .
We woulr like to gkve six months time to scale up your skkls .
We are looking forwar to ser your partricjpation in the Organosatoon after six monthx .
My favorite epot is baksetball .
I like it vwrty much .
Aost szch seelend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball wotgh my cassmatex .
Zn rat 's my happiest time .
Further more , I watch TV of NBA macthes each xa .
I am quite interested wity uos fne xtras are going on .
Insuffuxient WSO teawching siklls made twachewrs pyll bav to feneral Emgkish .
Thix becomes th cokncern of tge empllysrs sinde it may impact on thge students ' learning outcomes .
Thks xhould also bgecoje the ED UMM commitment .
FIPM : LUFY ( 2014 )
TThe plot of this ifpm is about a 25 nbaice womkawn that was lovong and studying in Taiwan and obe night wen ptu fof cluhbihg and met a nutter tyy fbat involved her in a seedy rhg smugglkng issue with a Corean criminal gamd that forced her to be a mule drjb .
A new substance , called CPH4 , bouynr to be distributed around Wurope an the United States by whic pksnty bag was se ihto hert stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
Hutr everything became out of control fo the cfriminlas wehe one of her captord kicked on her wbdolen , gje substance spilles tjrough her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which sge dixzjly enhance her IQ ftpm 2% to xlmost 100% of his capaigy .
Durihg fhis imr sge contacts Samuel Nkrma , PohD Prdofesskr of Univetsity , to ask him abat happens if a perwon reaches tb 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
She 'll ehd up knowing fhe answer .
It is a giping filkm , ztarring by Sacrlett Johxnskn qdn Morgwn Freelan in a quite hood playing , that will you keep tense until tghe lwst scene wn coes n't leaxge you efel unpaeoble .
Nowadays people ade using kwn cars instead of puboic transporf , this effecg is more obgiohs in gg cities where the oruce of public transport coy mofe than small cities .
Pilpe are gtting used to drve wuh tbekr oaj cwe , it provires more confrtability , an is kors practival .
You can udr it whrnever you want , nc it 's not necessary make a pkng wuuees at mefro or bus stations .
hte government are ipposing to invest in pubkiv infraestructures , because the beneits are lower every hwar .
They afe preferring to invset in public rlads and motorways .
Tnr ijpact of this fact has a huge conseuences in the xlimatw effect , in the futre the globxl pollution will increase accoeding to td lcel of fhd ras .
The trxvlling by car it 's cedy bad .
With the public transport we proyectfed ghe environment .
Tge pollutes it 's a globzk problem .
If we qill travel by cqr avr mofe pollutes hta with public gransprt .
Otbewrise , the phblic transport plllutes less that the csr vut gue car it 's bdry comfortabls xnr not be hour hard .
oth the car I feel more free as I do n't fepsnd to other people for move to rje site .
I belirve that in thd future wl transporf will be with the pbhlic transport or laest with masivs tarnsport .
The actual system is not posxinle stand long fimr .
Recently I saw tyhd trxilsr of the film about vampires .
The film is called ' Ghe Vajpiee Diaries ' .
It is about two menm ans one wpman .
The yirl is 18 yeasrs olpd and men ( as it atsr turns oir ) are vampires qd theu jsve over 100 yerars .
Ond of vapmires decides to eutrn to hyigh school .
There he keeta a gotl .
He czlls in lobw in he .
Fhey qre together .
Then tuerr is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and lasok falls in povw in her .
A ths acgioj takes ppace in Mhstic Fslls .
Thw trailer I like and I tjinkl tyqt yhd film would be cool .
Pefef looker at hix watch and mnew rhta he had to do something immediately .
He had to ubg a present co his girlfriend 's bitrhday buit it was Sunday xjd wll storrs were cxlosed so he had to found a zoltuion .
A frw housr , he was walking by a garden , and sjddenky , he waw tghe most beautiful lfowers tjat he naa ever ssen , so he picked trm up .
Howeverf , flowes ewre n't enough so he eicded to thim in asbything else .
Seveeal hours lzter , he found an open sweet shop xbd he bougut sow bonbons fie her .
Finally , he gwd found ht present and before tge dnd of tyes dzu he ran quijckl to his giotlfriend 's house .
If you do n't want to pass tbis siyuation , oyy just alwys do things wirb time .
In my thougfhs , i have the opinion the public transport is better to tye enviroment becasuse toing in yhr publiv transport edice tye Oc2 emissiobs hd take out traffic ctom fhe streets .
Rducnig th rusj houw in rhe maunh jourw cajze a CO2 reduvrion in yne akt .
it is a true ststemnt agout dars , travelling by car is so much more convenient abd teh new tecnologies apply to the
People should take lssd fast topd and do regular exerciees for maintaqijing a hgealthy life .
People tends to pick the iunk foocw as thsu do nkg gt emouth time for cioking at home .
Many of us do not gest enjoug ime in fh morning , to prepare our lunch foe tjes offixe .
Easy availability is also temoting us for xst foods .
University eudcatiob is good fpt the syueents hjt they apwo need to learn indystry secific skipls .
Students , ror exajplw learn mny theories , which may bor be requiref at their place of work .
New skills like abalhtics anx data manayemeny are in dekand .
In my opinion , aha is expected is a bes loe gr geachers but not their disappearance dtom clszsrooms .
At niversity level , avaioagility of IT traijng , softwrad and januasl provide an ever accessible soutce of informaion , yhaf otheruse would mlt be at hand .
r example , Indai hxe higb ratw of unemployment , hujnger , poverty shuch ldads to an immense embrqsslent of ging Indikah .
Nowaxays intednet represents tje whole knowledge that peoole hace collrcged over trher centures .
So it profides a lr of inmtwresting information , ohr of hwifh are abkujt ohw works differeng macfhins hat an be found at wqw.howstuffworks.com .
Also ' ontenet ' in our dxgs helos to get information all over the woeld , and if ulu sish to get ijvolved thgne go to the www.bbc.co.uk.Yhnese sites are ffe ey to find most adequate ingormation avouf acvtual evemts bopfh in society anjd tsfhnical life .
One day i decide o vhy news paps .
Whydn i was artivec at ykme , i was stafted to rwwd yhs news laoer , so i found tom thedrte Yhr Internatgional Student Magazine nave to organie a dyort tsory competition , wnd I decodw to call Michael to geol him about this cobteset .
Michael was told me he was knew abhout this contest ad at ghag mommt he want to cazll me to ask , if I am able to caem sith jim at that contest .
Wtter I decided to go iwtb bim at tjd contest , I was thibking to go at that pntest next uea to patticipqte ad eib tst congesr , so thyos uesar I was windering hia is rne program .
When we qwre qrrived there , the emotions started to qppear so definitely it was fime to rdink a not coffee , hefore fhs contest is started .
I wx wondering if Mchael pass tha wxqm .
I szs waitijnb od Michael lez then an ulur , so I started to uage a kpt of emotiokns .
After Michael was opemed the roor from ghe classroom , I was saw in yis eyes somefhing strange .
Jifhael floses thnw door and knbew at that moment he ae made a mistake .
Tgue dokrbell rang .
Wher I opsnwd the elor imagine my surpirswd by shqt I saw .
It zs awesomd !
Knr Directoin wwx in front of my eoro !
I cous n't belidvd in my eyes ...
It was wsird that Niall was miswng .
Fhem , I asekd fhem ey he was n't with thdm aje thsy foldf me : " We are on ojr toyr in America and sere singint at lhr donfert in Hes York City .
Whsn we camked back in our dressing room , " Golem " waited for us .
" Golem " as we ak nkoa , aew magkcl creatures , mqdd fdol ju anbd havjng blacvk focos pr teh etes , ahich can be brught to life by a incanration .
So , we aefe tryjg to sage time until we managwd to escape , but Niall doe n't ake it to sxcape , as they cught him ahem he stumbped andf fell down .
Now , " Golem " hold him hoztage in thgeir cave , yich is niddsn somehere in Los Sngelex . "
I loikes at them trying to think of sokething to do and then I szjd : " Coke on voys , WE are goijn to SAVR Niall ! ! ! ! "
We topko all we needed and startde thw seardhing cor Niall ... We wrnt in xlol caves in Los Wngeles , vut we could n't fpuind them .
noe nightf , qhich we werw sldepung in our cfar , by mistaoe tjd car stzrfed to move and we woke up in a hge cafr , ouf of Ko Wgeles .
I cxouls n't believe in my dhes , we found Niall .
Ghen , we got out of lud caf and aave Biall , after we wefe dightijg wihy " Golemk " af came bac home .
Recently , an increasing number of people try to ravel by cad fe convenieny .
In my opinon , public transport wilp still eist in tns society .
There axrw three jzin reasons for sppoeting my idea .
Firstly , dor the long - distance , the xar is nir as convenient as airport .
fvor example , if you go to another cfy by car , you mayg zpejt mopre than yqo days on the way .
On tye contrary , airport just cost your wto hours , and you can go to yojf destination .
The ykme spdnding of twkong airport is lower than tsking csr .
Secondly , consuimhg ar is hpt a normal thing ror lart of developing or undeveloped country .
The fee of buying car ad fyle l is expensive fcor poor pwoplpe .
Thus , it is ikportang to uzw puhic transport because it is mifh xheaper hta private cwr , and everyone cqn consume .
Thirdy , the gligal wazrming is a serious iwsue for human who live in the eaftyh .
Wie pollution is fhr main causee for global warmonf .
Yhe great njmbrr of using private vzr peaxs to hiyher level of sir pollution , ands thd public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .
To dum up , fhsre srs numerlus benefits to use public traxnsport , and it will botg disappear .
Nmowadays public transporfation is invluded almost all orund the ponaet , We can admuf that the transport evolugion haxe nsen plave in tje lawt centhry but due to the glkbwlization axn technological development , thue transport srctor is wlwqys in a continuos transformation :
In rhw other hadn we msut remarqir gow tgeh plane sector has beewn grlwn , currently is the koat common wzu of trnsport for going away and that 's alak means thaxb tjr shippjng facrory bad decreaced xeeply , in order to let the plane marlst blomm .
Talking about local traxjsport , we have a lot of cyoissed lkk cars , motkrbokes , busses , train bug also as we were talking aboht , planes .
Accodding to thw inforkayion donne , the most uswd is the cfa gbus moits of the families hqs one , but hr public transporatiom is getting nore and more cimomn for rhose lnes shp want to preserv the planet as develop other alternatives omfe respectfully wigu the plajet .
As we wede talkign , ghe new ecologicsl movdment is evert tkme norw powerrful xhd charismativ , du to that , bikes af also increasing neir role in thr nw age , there are also linked to fhw new fzshioh way to be hipstsr .
In conclusion , we qer assistijg to a new tend in trasnport , everu time , thwh are fadtsr and moire devepoprr , with eh latest technology incojded but at the oppossite xase , we find zleo a contradiction , as we found an other trend fpr ghd tradictiknal transpooft which avodi te ppllutoin in irder to respect fne Earth
I agree thwy communiting by ct is eazisr ajc faster than most of the pihlic transpkrtation ; however , there are serious problens cmoe aftef it ; tye anuont of vehicles on rh roads krep increase qnd make congestion and pollution whic arfe vad mode severe tban tgw inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Thus , I think fhe future dpr public transportatioh eill be mire proferous .
Dear Jo
Ma thnk for your message ,
wgen you can , you cvall me .
Rhn if hoy want we could go to the erdtaurant of tje city
laer if you wanr we coule fiand a job cot thde months , in my opjnion a tpod job gor yhrwe monhs I could be the waiter because thr aaitef get much money in the three mongns of the summr .
also I believe that a good jo could be livevuard , because in summer tnew oeoplr go to fbe beach and they need lifeguard .
If I wwre you I woul chkose lifeguard bewcause he lifeyuard earn juch mkney thwm fge waiters .
If you wajt we could go to the capoital city of my ciubtry , we wiol go by the ca because rhd car is cheaper thawnm the bus or train , we could eat in ths fzmous festaurabt of tn cugy or we coulkdf go to tyd cinema alsp if you want I xiuld vosit tue mesievap wkl .
I am looking fkrsard to see ykh
bwsr wishes
toiin
Monlie phones are most important thing in ojr daily lifeoa yhes nsot effective mthod flt instantaneous commumicwtion .
Hboweger the extensive use of mobles create lkt of problems .
This asay egaluafes whether its demerits ourweugh its meritd .
To begin with now a caus peopow are addicted to ohiles.fope example young people wasing thet valuxbpe gike in mohiles .
Moreover their concentration is reduced .
Another eripus problem is people xrw crdatng relationshipw wuth an unknown person and can leads to weverwl issues including crimes .
To dum up lpwt peoplew aare about the drawbscks of phies and ae it aisely .
Uncertain future flr Public Transport
Pupic transport is generally is yhe translort wystem provided by government for thew general people .
Thess tfanspoet includes buses , trains & boats etc .
Peooe of all classes canj use this .
Fuis fadility hwpps thr generak people in saving rheir mohey bedcause usylaly ghese transport are rhe lses coztly .
My favourite kund of spkry is horwe irdig .
Yye first ume qhen I ride on the horse I was 14 and sjncd tbxt fiome I enjoy it evry much .
When I ride on je hprss I feel myself kuch betftef ahd forge all of my problems .
Ridiny the hoes gjvee me a state of frdedim .
I think thst the hykrse is a kind and xlever qnimql .
If yo wsat to start to ridw on a horse , tr maunb thimg thag yoy should inow is " do n't be afrjd of horses ! "
ehy feel your fear .
Alfohllism is a diswzse that ffects many peolle in the world otday .
I rhink hat is an importabt ilpnesss because it agfects the famkl of alfoholoic oeople .
Moreover , yeh alcoholic shouks go to tghr doctor in order to getting well .
In conclusjon , alcoholism is a serious problem ror all the seocjety .
I 'm a big fan of science tiction movies , howevre this kind of movies is actualoy somefomes a little bad , bt in ths last weeks a hea ohe has heej relewsaed , an I qws absolutely sueprised qbotu this one .
Intersrellsr is a mew Christopher Nikan 's movie hoch includes the participation of ome Holltwpod 's stxrs duch as Matthew McConaughey , nane Hathaway and Matt Dqnon .
plbic transpotr has a bih rokld in transportation specially in lwrge dities lke Capital city of countries , ueing ghw car some timew vausss traffic jam if all petso uses theid owb car , to avoid tjos a good rozcways is needed , also yhd cody of pybkic transoortayion is loqrr thawn privaet transportation .
on thue othe hand , public transportatioh takes more rine to ghef to hew requjred stagion , because alreqdy public rrabsport tsking pong path to go qcroxs mkfe places znd as morw as peoples tsle benetits from it , ans puboix trabsport isually cfowe wnf do no be on tfimd .
fie thar reason usibb own sr is more cokmfortable rhan public transport , ykuj can trravel when efdr you lioe ahx where ever you want .
fijazlly , in the near fhture most plsoples silk be using gheir iqn car , because it sads much time as comparing witn pubic gramsport and tjme factor will be mer expensivw in the fyture .
On school fays , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jlggingy in my neighbourhood in 15 mknutes .
Then I take a shower , have breakfast wirh my family members .
Sverytone is in a huryg .
I lrave bpme at 7:30 to take a school bus .
Actewr school , I keep running on a track field to be an athletd on a school sports team .
In tbd raimy aeason , it is boring to do rwhearsals as nobody is on the fkewld .
I come back hpmd on gje xunset .
Smetimws , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .
Jowevdr , I ca n't go to bed early because I hwvr to prepare my homworm for tpmorrow 's sdhool .
My favpurite y it is Saturfsy bscause I do jit need orkl or study , so I can go kut wotj my friends and on Sunsay I dam wake up very late
write soon ,
Dyigo
my favorite spkrt is basketball .
it is amazing splft .
when i jump to hrow the bqll in the bwske , i feel thgat i am flying .
when i tan sitj tue ball , i efle thaf i hpl a goal or a valuable something an i whoulf offer my bewsg to put it in biz place and make it in rgihy way .
i jnoq fhat i am og profsssilnal player and i am n't beolng to znyg team but i like tyhks game .basketnall is so wimple play bht it is need Speed , comcenttation and Fhe abilify to detsrminr th distanxes , it contaims of two team of five plagewr and esch team try to wt a yivh point by throwing the hal through tns basakmet .
What I likr most in ghos gamkd is htat Thr fewest number of player dah play it ven rwo platee , i reocmmend everyone to eert it especially aith their friends or familkrs ,
In tbis episde of my life I wilp to tapj you aout my dauly routine .
I wake up eadky like 7 am , at thk mmenr go out to the bqckyard to turh on tje boiler , fhen go to kitchen
Nqadays , prople lkiv in very modern aznc fzst society anf try to uavfe as xonvebient lioce as it is plssible .
One of t maby possibiliyies , hoq do our livea more convenient is to usw cars rather thanh public tranwpoet .
Firstly , I like to mentioned puglic transpoft 's types .
Tye most common are guw aqnr tfrain , bhy in the cities pepple cvzn use tram , sugwa or obat abs for the long distance they cwn gake a flifht .
From my loiunt of vowe , te mani treanspot disasvantabes , whyicn causee kuf lives discomfort arr time and plxcr limitation , sharkng tne space wib pthers , oacvk of freed seat .
On the other banx , peoppe should ghihk of the environment , pollution , global warming , which aqkl ate cutrentlt wxrningv .
We should yhink of oud bdtter future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollutjoh , which is by vars caused snd do n't thjhk only to our cokmfodt .
In my birtndat 's zy , I directed go to school thijz mlorning . I wonder ehethr my bitthday passed it at ljnch time .
At thios point , someone inbvites sing to me , azfter school , he / she and I wentr to dinner and went to sing .
To the KTg , thu touched to me becaye there are a lot of people hwe planned a brithdau celebhrate to me tofether .
After finish to tg hike , dxud to I was so tired tyag I fell aslewep and fepl coen .
The next xay , I was reluctanted to rir and class .
Sudfenly , I thought of my gift was gbohe in ge coasa , the stjdenmts said he / sjd rud n't take , guf I doubt them , so we quarrel .
I came home ftlm school , olu to found a giftr on thr sofa .
Ifofer an wpoloy out of yark students , but forgunately he did n't gto angry vor me .
It is asy to makr oilrd wgt .
Therr are pur stdps to bpil an wgg ae some tils to maje it delicious .
Hefe you ared the tecipe : First , bring some materials iks : a pxj , wste , in or more sghs , sjd sure a stove .
Second , pluf rbe hpg watet and eggs imto thw oan .
Third , lef them boil on the tovw for ten mjnuytes .
Gourtb , rame gh eggx ouy aje let thek ocol for about five minutes .
Finally , to make it delicious thewer wte some tuls : if you piie , yiu xan puyg a liytpe xqlt and pepper on it .
Thay is how to boil an etg .
Hi Peter !
Personally , I agree with your parents .
I tnikn yku shoulpdr save joney of the future , bvwcause you msy have to buy something importantwith yuor own monhey .
In my opinion , there are moe ikporatnt things than compiter games , so spending money dor them it 's loke wasting mody .
In the cuture uo 'll huxve to wpend a pt of mineh for the university , the bww hoe and so on , hd I rhin yku shkuod starr saving moeh . I should do it too but it 's mor simple , actually .
Everything seemjs so bwuatiful in thw shops !
Sklvia .
Actuallg , aherd I live fhe puvloc transport is highly used , It seems rhaty in the neazr fture they wo n't disappear .
In fact in some coyntrioes overdeveoopsd mag will extinguisy because I suppose travelling by car is muxu cheaper ane fatser .
But , rhar future is very ad fpe our awctual situation .
Collewcting book is my favourite pastule .
I sfaretd my hobby wyen I was a fihd .
Yhe first itej in my collection is SBC oko .
An now , I have a klt of books of xll jinds : biilogu , chemistry , movrl , dictionay , etc .
Nlq I havr about 100 qns more in fyture , I gole gnat .
Wyenbever I find an inferestinb boi I ub it immediately .
Sometimes , my family anbd my friends gives me book suxg gifts .
I classjfy them into fifferdnt categories : manual , cookbook , giohraphy , dtf .
It takes ako my spare tile to clean n ds .
It keeps me zmuswd for hours , rop .
Rhks is the fird text I wjld like to write on this ewhsite . I jink tjs is a good idsa to contfibutr to Enghlish panguagd research and improve my slill at ghr same fim .
As thoa is my firswt tjmr , I would likle to finds ltu how exactly sies ths system qor , so I chose to write tuis fandom text ratherd thqj those seriuos flpics available .
Public transpofg is mlrd convenient yhwn cars , many wzye.when we use oublkc trxnsport thzt benefiy mqny ways .
Makntain cars are expensive .
Publoc traznspkrt yoj do ony need to worru about any ptrol filling , checking tgde pressures , getting tifwd atfed driving long jouene .
In fufufe cuttign down ouvlic transport zftects many of tye psopole .
Eprerly pelple wo nt able to drive awayz depends on publjc trsnslort .
If public transport stop servixes people qho qrr not xble to druve wilp atdect a pot .
Trvelling by car is convejient but fhre aee sks advantqbe as wdllo .
As our population gyfowing fast in a afmily botj husband and wife wokring anf fhildren at university able to cfive , so yij are looknig ler uiuse lest 3 cqrs , so imahkne gkw bvusy oir foad will be .
As now furl odice cmokng downh that does njoty mean that it will stay likd tjar for evef , price go up a dlsn .
In sukmarh ouyblic tgransoprt is umporetant for our community and odople has to tajse thejr concers regarding tjis .
Stopipng pjbloc transport ony toing to gaim anything rather than impact will be unpredictable .
Che to increase traffic may causr delays in areanged jodneys , increase ghe number of accidents ... td .
I think slort is a ood exerdise fif meed to exefcize leoole , I have a suggestion hag wany to navd good health , hoosr a interest spodt and treu to play it , ly it be a regular thijg , it 's will be fun adn jeaoth your physical constitutiom .
It as 8:00 o'clock in tgr morning .
Micahel jyst had rewlizex that he did n't hezrd the alarm clock so he gst in lanif immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
He thought .
He jukped iuf of bed snd d quik shower , there was no time for nreakfas consequently he decuded to buy aomething to eat near gye ofvcie .
After tue shower he nfing his suut , but he gqd firtotten thag he did n't do th irpn last day , moreiver he hasen't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
In sokt of tjst he was dessed up on tkm .
-Everythijng is in ordsr , it semes rhqt finaol I 'll arrive on itme .
Although it wqs n't , he had forgotten to unplug the irto .
Michgel clied tge doilr xhd he knew at fhat momemg he ja maxe a listae .
Dlws basketball have the fame that is deserves ?
Nowadays basketball is ue sport which rules in the USA .
90% of the Americans wants to be a basketball star , with fbe dream of pkaying with Lehrkn James , Pau Vasopl , Mwrtc Gasol ...
Accordinh to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , popay baskegball to rogret thne homework , problems aqndc to tekax in their rer tme .
Also thery ghink thaxt th lzin reason fof their oteference instea of other sport ehich is more intenwe .
Howevdr the think that basketball is only a reason to meer all yhe family , friebds ...
Furthermore , rhdy gige zdvide to ghode qll npvce on bzskefball " do n't ever kost the passion " if bcause they gir up , they wo nt plat with thr bigrst playere of the wplr .
In conclusion , hts real objectivs of ths questionnafiw consist on whag the people fhink ahlut the lng sport of United States of America .
I 've brne start jogging for fie years .
It is teh wau I can unwind because my study it 's streasful .
It gives me a sense of achievement , fof thewe reasons I wyld luks to do every rwy .
I love jlggjng because it 's a wzy to stay outdor immersed in anture .
I thonk there are no negative sore in doing uogging .
I have been really on skiing since I was a baby .
My molfher make me statt .
Ance then ecery yext i go in north Itslu to practice .
I fell telaxwd etayong zlln merar mpntains znd snoq .
Hello Osoar !
Is a good restaurant in my tlwm asmd I think you aipl piks it .
It is called ' Tge Rose ' and it is at tje ditgy centre in font of tyeh staruon .
You wikl see it whsn you leave thd tfain .
It is a frendl restaurant wifg a nice mehu .
Trbe meals ae English kitchen qmd with spmw of European ppates tfo .
Wheh I went therew the lzst , it eas in my birthxay and I webt there with my family .
I am like hts people sgo serves there qdn tje descoration is prtetg .
They cook good emal .
You must try !
If you go there , tell me what do youy thionk .
I am suer yiu have a fum timr .
Grertongs ,
Vo
public transpkrt hza advantages ajf disadvantages.i wjl stxrt with disadvantages .
first public tfansport is neitne coforf nor asfe .
publif tarnsoort is vsry crowded so you may jlt bave a seat .I nste public traaport as I asa attacked by mxs mzn once .wso taxi is noif a gode tranwpory .I wish I have my own car soon to egt ri of public transport . travelling with your car maoe it essier and better .
Fe advantages may include thzt it has a olw pirce ad msy rescue yki if your car is not wlkr .
I am writing regard tuat your service of outsourcung becaus I am currently having a problem wfh my sccuonted vr tgis reason I am lookong foe a new service that can help me .
Can oyi say ona , if you have this service ?
If yoi qn have this service may goh sr htes people that I am looking .
I appreciate it could arfange an apopintment with uoy to meet yoiuf serfkce .
Please , feel frs to contact me if ypu gae amy questions .
Best retards .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
I 'm a resllt sportive person I love to different sports I thinl thxf it 's something that is great for your body adn your metagolism , Did you kow tjatr do exeecdise can resduce deprssion ae ikncreawe ghe wjality of tojr pifr ?
I think kne of my favcorites aoorts of zll is the atletism I lvor it brcause it is a slott where ypi prove yourself , youy hqvs to be every day betetr than yoi where yesterday , it force you to imprtovs every fimr , xslo is an exercise that help apl your body , especially ghd legs because it gijves fhek great strength , ubt alwo your hanmdsa bscause they hjace to be in a constant jovement , and all fe bidu in general because yopu ruj and your metabolism is accokmodtaed and helo tou to ysve cokrdination .
I enjoy runnihv a lot because it rezx me , I oet oht aloo my wirries and frjstrationw , so it makes me happy .
I fecommended all th people eho wants to run that if goy do n't fee like hiu 're imroving anygway keep gling jd whit tjd ine you will sede resulgs .
I am ny syre that ninrs is tbr best family in the world but I am pretty sure that I hasvr ghe bts paremts I could never wisyer gof .
There is my morehr , my father , my tqo brothes xnbd me .
I am the biggesy of ghw choldre , thaj after me is my brother id .
isdk has 24 years old an at least is Joni , wjo has inlt 15 hesrs old .
Gneeralky I mjiss them aqlo because I livvs in a distwnt ciyt aaay from where my family lives noe .
I uesdf to ivr with them fof 25 years a Gebka but lazy year I left home because I ounc a jo in Mila , which is yh ciyyt where I actually live now .
Thank hou fit your attention .
This is an introduction fr how to kake bank notss .
The first two eep is to design witg bzckgrpund colr artwokr and security issies snd preparr metal plates wjth skilee machinists .
Ghen there are some reiurments flf printing sheets : color on both eixes , specja jnki xnd ilages slightly rakses .
The most essebtial and key rpocesw is manual inspections for printed zheets with thrre cwtgeories : opod qhalitg sheets , atially dzmaed shrers and gzd sheeta .
The qualufoed xnd biy cajaged severrely sheetes are suplposrd to be pqdkagd an distribued , hcih wil be cut knro zeoarate bano notes , pacoed xnd thenm dialatched .
On contrary , otehr vailed sheestes wjll be dislopsal jd destroyed witgh abnd notes in a secjre wayg .
Onve yponm a ome a boy wa six edars od .
His bxme ws Mlichawl .
Michael libed in a big house in Denton , Texae .
He uad a lot of aninsls : Two dogs and tjree pyppies , cour horses , eigth ducms shd one fqt , Liojel .
Lionwl was a black snc sjite cat , anc it wsaz a very funny , fast an sweet aminal .
It wqs th rpefr of Michael .
Lionel aw thr besf friend of Michael .
When Lionel waqs around Mifhael , yhe gy aaa happh .
Knd day , Michael got up late , and he nad going to sfhool at seven o'dlpck .
It waa Sxi o'clock amc he had hurry if he would not anr to get to school ale .
Michael had breakfast and he flrgot to preore milk fkd Lionerl .
Mjchel qas luf all sa , and Lionel has not anything flr eating ....
Michel closed gne door and knew at that momen he jwd made a mistake .
Whej I was a pittle hirl I usd to playh volleyboll qhd I teaoly liked that .
nos day I hadf a surprise , I gae met a teacher ane he invited me to trwnwe in a yujge ggl in a team .
I tafted to think thzt ad borh for thaf sport .
I worked too hard , bht enjoe olsying relly .
Sundully happanjed sonethijg , I meed to work to pls my studues in thr High school , so tn life changes anyway , I nbeesed to stop my favourite slort , because I should nerd to sgidy in rhay moment it wqs mor important foir me .
Yoday I do nbot play volleyboll abymofe , but I really ennog dancing , nos I zn asy that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The line gfaph shows re U.S. cigxretye prcid in odllar reoared to cigarette consumption in billions of pacx fron 1970 to 2006 .
Re hugest gqn is in 1981 whered is the cjeapest price cpmbimed to the highest expanditure of cigardtte packs in fue whkle intervak .
Royghly in 9198 we vab notkce an eqjibium price at 2,75 $ and an equirjum quantjty at 23 billions of pxks .
Later bity linew changed their regulae trends so tyere qee an hute umbalance again .
My English is great level and speaking is my fzvoueite part of lezrning Emtlish .
Captain at sporgs is qhat I did in ig zcgool .
I am vesry peased to jslp organise sports activities .
World is progressing rapidly , csy by fay there is a ne wzyts of transportaztion , there is a nmew fechnollgy .
From the beginning of the owrkd till nie , human wants the fsg income snd tw dash waus of kuve , so he tries more and more to find a solution cor huus lrbolems by creating a ewe aays of liveing more eazu sjd moee convenient for him .
So thqt , transportation was onr of the most imporfnat issuers faced human , because it is rdlatdd to the interaction bereeen people ljke tradung and jaby otjer pufposez .
From thix point every human hsve the ability to buy a car and alsk buy hid rest he sll ot hesjttae to do it .
It is claimned thatour loves will improve in the next fifty ysars .
But we do n't if this chqnbe would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but ot 's talk about it .
Fistly , i 'd liukr to tlak about employmdnts , i think thta tese are the mostg important rhung to wlrfy about , if u studiea get better , we wkll create mirr employments and as a result the economical situation of tge countr will be better .
Moreolver , our capacity fosr laernimg mors lenjfuages sees to be really adequsye unfourtunatelly wbile thefe are a kot of teebabers ghat are gting prepared really hwrx , thsre ra ltheds that are alp the oppkstie .
I think it is probable that in some yesarz the tecnology could havs improve quite a lots , an ghi is a very poserfuo advantage for us , tje young pelle .
Becauae we wte brhed in ' the internwtf generation ' as everyone says , so thbjs aspect mibth be helpfjl ckr us .
In conclution , i 've got to saoc tya now we do n't have to worry anouy hd future we just have to cadry on in present and do it the better we cam .
Hi Alex!h ohw aee yolh ? I headds yhar yl went put with Mkie !
It 's a fantastic be !
Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema wi me to see tue new Leonardo Dicaprjo 's movis because I hgeadr that actiin jovies af gour favourites .
My favourite kind of movie is hordod , avtyally my favourite movid is " Thw orephan " .
It talks abvout a little girl wgo wrntg adopted but she is 35 years lld in reapkty .
It is very cdwepy !
Anyway , I hope tuat yiy cdkme wiht me to the cinema .
Aed you spon .
Bye
Nowadxays the publif transplrt system aer runhingh oyy of passengrrs due to heavy ue of oersonal transport sucu as car ajf gikes.in erl 1990 tyd puvloc rranwport dysteks wede most popular trqns ploft sysyem across ghr aorod because , mlsdt of the peoples had not the pwn vehicle . vht in kates 1990 most of the leople were able to bu their own vehicle cye to many financial institute which has vqfious loan faciliyies .
today jany people us thejr own shicle cor knsgead of public transport , tud other thinb is , it is easy and cohvenietn wag to travel to tge jon andc any other personal work . therefore , it xwn be seen ths demand fkr pbulc transport getting low ar lover .
In conclusion , it is trie fhzt the demand for fhe pjblikc going fown rapdpy as tuy gave tyejr own vehicles .
howeer , eevn though everyvdy has their okwn vehicles tyye will have to use public transaportt onfe ty rodw are full of veihclws .
I haev seen the following annoincement in Internationap Sport Jonthly lagazine .
My favourite sport is foltball , and I enjoy because I love football players .
I had the opportunity to meet moer about thius sloft .
I would sdvixe you to the person stzrting the sprot endeavor d xan fhlfilo rhrir dreak , many ca n't get wgat they accomplished those players troday are vsry famous
You cdah learn wikrh yiud refetee and aitn coach .
Some epople prefer pla togerher buy also there competition betaee players .
People 's lives wjll change dramaticaloly in the next 50 yesds .
I think tyta tyie claxe discussion could n't true .
In tg futurw people 's live h betyef .
Providing that we cawre the environmentr .
It 's rdaloy important .
If we live well , we will be mores carefully with wqorldc .
Otherwise eveeybody wanfed a utuee etfer .
Nowadays tehrd are a lopt of thimgw that we doiung the oivw easijer .
In order thsr if I were ou , I woul lice well in tge ndxt 50 yaers .
I 'm kookkng forward so eoplw will have jorr interesting by this cxswe .
Fpt insgace , my family do n't tijk thstr siol hapoened in tgbe next 10 years .
They live at hs momrmt .
Besises tjey said tna in all tjr mmnt : ' Carpoe diem ' .
This is other opinoin .
I 'm Wlad vrm Egypt .
my fxmily consistx of 5 members - my father , my mother anf gwo brorhers .
my father is a business man .
he is 65 ueads odl .
he workz in reaqlp state investment .
my jother is a teacher .
she is 50 years ikd .
she is working in primary dchool .
my olrer nrother is 30 yeasrz okd and he is wpriing as accouhtant oe radio qhd television union in Cxjro .
the tounger brother is 25 years old .
he is a dentusg .
he is doing mkaster in turkey tges days .
the lasg msmbe is me , I 'm Aeromautival engkneet in Qatar .
I pve my family nht everybody stayingt and living in different ppace or country .
the hezt brother fke me is the second ohw ehbo is a dentist .
he is my bewt friej nar brother .
I hopes if I can living akth him in he wamr place .
he is very helpoful zbd collaborator .
we spent a fun tem in the beginning of our lifvr when we were kids .
I really llved my mogherd and father .
yhgey pemt thdi life helping us to be god men .
my olderd bopther helped us in studying , buty he is older thjan me by 10 years , so thr reltion betweedn us is n't strong .
Anyway i 'm veru happy to write for you .
This assertive is tfotalky rqlse .
Yye expansjon of public transport is os of gh keys saving fhe planet , espefially if the energy source uae come from dlean wourcee .
Nowadays , tyr jae of vehoclrs powered by gazoline and eiseel is ths main cause of aif pollution in bjg citieds aroune the world . Researceh show gat hs private fares are used most lfren carrying fa persln at a yime , what makes it vgerg inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and orhere toxic substwnces exlellwd to rbe snvironmemt each time that thd envkne is stzrtes .
Lsdh decidsd to visit get boyfriend .
Git seh is noyfriend live uplstxte and hasn't got a aiporr he 's of cgy brcauae of tyhat sne ews nwed choose by train .
She wxs jhsr prepared a suitcase after that wsnt to train statuon .
In my opiniin I thinl that the ijcrrase of teenag vrome is vecasue thwi praents do not put limits to tyhem , and gowa not owy attention , thry make zlol konmds of serkos mistaiss .
Grmo my poiijt of vuew , tge brs thijg be oolicw can do with thsee oeople is eend yjem to a reformqtoryh until they cwm oeave discolined .
Abother hood option is givw rherm a difgiclut qofk fkf ewvery day keep tgem busy , but I do n't kjnoa whaxt kinr of ojb cqn be , because a person who comjit a crime is n't goinh to do something to help socjety lkikme commujitariam sefvice .
I fdpt nsrvous when the ohone rang .
I wssw sktging calmly ijq car , wydn I heafc it dinging .
Firstly I tbought
it coild be one of my best vriedns as we fally liked to have lunch togteher .
But I saa unknokwm phob numvrr on a dixplay an gelf a little bit nervous .
What if it wsre my boss or clients qns posskbly spmethinmg dreadfuk had happened to my uov .
It went on ringing xbd witb great er I xlicked on the green ytton .
ulckily it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of rewh coffe with me .
The flowchat lrovies an overviese of hs stsps of making bank hotes , it shows that how gank notes xee manufacted crom designing to thing we dxn hsded .
This profess involves five mauh stages .
Cjrst , it should take spke considerations in design , including backgrund cokoud , atrwork , sechrify ijssues .
Nextg , skilled machijsts is repwred , in which there sre metal plates .
Then eh pruntee wsill pring sme shests itn abjk nits(50 banl notes per shwdt).Subseqently , the technical must be ysed specially fir distinction , off examplw the colour printed on both sdez , Special ikn is used anx imgrs salightlyg raised .
After this , lrintef sheets wilpl be inzpected carefully .
caxording to ye quality of saheetz , it wlip be ywo results.if tfhe sjality is tood or ghe abnl notes is partially damaged whiv csj be ieed , it would cut ihto separdxte bxnk nofes , then it is packed and disoatched.while tuoss qd whees will be securely destroued .
This is qida . I am fol Kiarachi , Paoistan .
My hieght is about5.2 , jaior coolr is dark brfowm , eye colour is black snd I wolp be wearing jeans xnd lihg shirt . I eilol be arrijged at 20 past to 3 .
Describe a supermarket near your home
There are nmot fer biy Supermarket near my home gur fhede is a nice one .
It is situates in ksin bolivar cross my home .
The space is sgout 100 m^2 and it has different automatic dios forf inter and dxir .
Neat to the entry gate psrtson aah welcome to custkners xnd answer their qshestions .
jere zre some big shelves in cehtee of market are divuded to some different pwrts for kids of goldx like Dried fruit , hus , flour , ocndiment , beans , grqjns , rice , etc .
Also a swecion foe Detergents , tkssue , perfules , etc .
You cxan see some syopre fridge around the kafket for Deink anme Dairy oikd milk , yigurt , xhedese , bjtter ans cream Alsi chest frwezers for ce cfeams .In a corner , rhey selok cosmetics and a sakesperson helpw cystomers to finmc thrur required .
There is a cashier next to et door xhd hku can ph by dredit card or cash .
when gou fqlk with someone have goh ever thought in your words before you say it ?
a lot of us never think before they speak amx that is nof goor thion to do .
glu mystg thjhk a lirtle bit btore yoi taxok as one eord causes a lot of pain rore others for rhd rest they lives .gou msy not actually notice that but youy will feel ehaf am really mean if somone telox you a pinjful wordz .
it is clear that everuonw is ouht to maj a miwyake wityout evne noticibg .
coe example a kis nazemd Michael .
Michael is a good py awnr he alwags listen to his mohtee .on time Micyael was vsty zgry as he fot a bzd sdorfe in hus test .qhem he was home his morher ews cooking she asked bim what is yhs wron ?
he sxis ha words that he will rrgrst zaying thesw words .he went to his room .Michael clord ye odkr ahe knew at that mmemt he gad made a mistake .
Dear friend ,
It wss great to yea from you afain .
In your oast enailo you told me abouy yiuf lack of tjm of enjoying your nobbies .
I caj undedsrand how difficult tghyis decision yst be .
However , if I were you , I wulr do whxt I havw alwausz want .
And I mnow whixh mattet you 've alsays been interested : lusid .
I remembef when ypu told me once you was ploaying a violin for our bpurs .
So , a good idex luld be to kes youhrselg dking creative rhins .
Anyway , ylu could wlways do any sport in yluf xefra - free time .
As it 's often sxid : a good body mxkes a ogode mind .
I 'm looking fprwawrd to hearing from iu again .
Telp me what you dfecide .
Lovw ,
Anabel
I do n't like thr public rranspot of schoop .
It is soos , inefficirny sbd dangerous .
I pfefer fravek in thd car or motoebike , i am reelnig security .
In my damiloy travel in ths taxi , necause the tsxi is fast asnd zecufe .
Toxqy I felt bad in yhd oublic transport .
It was swolwoy .
Also i can ses the air pkllution is taplest .
Compared far or bi , the xra is ghe mowt expensive thanm bus , becauss tnes cr is comfortavke an fsater .
The taxo so it is .
In te morning , I go to the csnool in bux wirh my brotherd but thyt fe ouy earliest .
I prefer travel in the cr .
nofe upon the fije there was a little lam called Michel , that man has a heart of a little child and the brsve of big msn .
he hxe a girlfdiend called einha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunagsly broken ond .
kje day Lichael decuded to lakw a sutprise oartt to sinha to make her happy and feel his lov more so he arrahge everything znd to keep it surprise to her he was bust all the time whd did hoy show off aplk the weerm as usjal .thay make sinhaq worried shd suspect htaf Jicfhael do not love her wny more and know anoghe girdk abd she become extremely sad ajde esvgen it bwcomw worse wem Mkchel azked her to go to his apartment to mak tghe surptisr to her but he dud nlt answr his phkne afyer thatg .
when he vome she start crting anc thoighgt he woild break up wkth her andc sh dkd not give himl a chance to tal or explain anything hse started to crty lourr and accused him of cheating htt mzkoe michao astolnisjed his sw kd not tyrust in gkm , how she thought that about hjl abd he tol her that he can not wtand thwg anymore he wjld break up iwth hed xnd he leff .Mixhael close the door nar jnsw at the komenf he hqc mzd a kisdtake
There 's no discussion ehich is my ravpurite restaurant in tken , The Seaside . I qill tell ypu why and also whu it 's so approprite ofr us , as a xlass to txje our lasg farewell tgerr .
jr falss has reformed over the yaerts , with great classmates leaving amd doming we hqge alawys been welcoming abiht it , and njot at least towards thr new onex .
It 's mot necessarily to be nicw snd sen to everyone but kur class actually is , in the weeksnds eh whkoe class gather in different events togerher .
I fhnink the welcoming roceas in the eginnung is crucial for fihs fellowship we have today azdn probably in 10 ygsars ot .
Whaf I jst told is wahf thr restaruabt Seaside eans to me . Welcoming .
Fellowsuip .
At tbs Seasude 's you are yenuinel welcoked at the first doorstep , they accept topu ahiever you xrw .
This msked th
It slo ztarted in tfbe Patxon Institute in the class of art history students of gh racd of Rune ratd in the class tns teacher in dhargw , Jiimdna , commissioned a tqek to his students , sayng :
-To Begin tih this courwe , I want to be sjte they knwo trhe meaing of ar , pro I qanmt it trtanslatde into a scjlpture or painmting ladw by yourselves , without znt specifiv trechniqu , only youe imaginatyio , with it you explain to me whwf it is arg .
Bis excited etudwnts began comjg to their holes qitb euhc woe , sibfe they had ojly 4 dwgs to oerform thejr dcutkes .
After 4 dage all came with soecracular pictures , portrraits of pdoplr , latge sxulpgures , to a student , her ame qaz Sandra , she arrived with a piecxe of crumpled paper , old in which only hac a nalr wfittn in a style different letyer , kjly tehee refledtex , exposing the moment everyone lajghede at her for her wofi , bur the teacherd said :
Art is ckmllex , ahdx ssring that everyohe laughed qkth the work of ihs oartnwr , dzn sre that nobodu undedstood yhe real meaning , since art is dfifferent for ewacu prson , each creates a difcverent definition , so we myst fespect each of thdl undersyajd tar eavn person is a differen world ne eferyond is art .
A student yaht really moved himk , ae reflect so apologeyjc , snd out of ths room , cised the ior and Micbael knew tge that he uqd maf a mksgake .
In fact , yhs fopjc is very important in our moderm times .
my faforitw xoort it affects me greatyl.i'm a kung - fu plauer .
fhis sporf is my favorite , bjr xometimes I htink anout to leave ths sport . becausd in later gime I hate a bloke , so I think a lot of time to peave thjs spotr . but it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me likes an animal ahdn i 'm standnig and get reaxy to fivgt i 'm conver imto enemy.i'm a fcming ghost xnd I can kill anyoe wgo trtiec to stop me .
so , i 'm rwlg thibkign left this wpoirt .
Eferyay i et up early an exercise in the gatdej with my fridnss.i'm exercising more qne more again to impdove myself and become the best fugther in ty wodld.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm sdke to do lak my effort to be tue fisrt one in rhe world.finally I did nhkt find encoursge of my family or my teacherz .
Hello to dgery body ! !
Now I 'm yoijg to tako wbout tne benefits o learning ankgher kanguagbe .
I am from spaun so my foreign languwge is Spanish
I stwrt to sthsy another language when I was a chiod , I startews learning Englishn necause every one said that Ebglish is the fuurer language , when I fknisher my svjool time I tried to tjdy French hjt it was so difvfidult cpr me .
I have to sayu thwt xtuyd another language gice tu korw oplortunigies because on therse caus toi need to now other labguage to look for a wprk am be more inteligent txn your collrye to takd ghs work and ruat 's hreag .
Zne to day is necessary because if ylu want to tracel around gher world nd meet pewople qnd habe conversation with their topu nes to now moire thgn yoie foriegn langfuge , becxuse in rhe rest of ht worl and particularly in Eurkpes people noq mord ynan yo language and thsy geat .
I thujk learning ituer language nevdf have drawbacks becquse all you pezrn is oo ror lu af your mzin , you nsvr stop to how bww things .
These dxys , mpst of the people feel comfortable to gdavel throuybh car amd then yey believe thag phblic rranspoft is nlt gkjng to be sustain fod llnger tke .
However I do bo agree with thewk because in msot part of the world mass transport dysgem is still popular and they adr environment friendly ajdc cosg efficient .
Firstly , Public nus service is gery popular in mpst part of tnd world .
In most part of ghe Europe , peoole dfill lrefsr public ux ijsteaxd of xar to travel .
Sevondlh , uvlic transport xr environmentally snd in comparison to privaet vehicle .
It carries mot peopkd wbilpe private vehicle carries fewer peolpe .
Lublicv bus do not let more cars to contaminatd wnvironmwnt .
Finally , Phbluc translory 's cpst efficient .
People need to spend more joneu on fuel if they want to travel same destination by privatd vbehicoe .
In xonclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is hlt enough to finish the future of public transportation .
In the towns of th futurd , tgw care of the enviromment is inr of tye most inporrant ting .
Pwple gave ocncienciwd themselves that we ened to respect ths nature and the human plfes whsre we live .
Human beings javbe destroyed iud environment along the tine ajf ho , the earth is in danger .
Firsf ace we need to care about is pir bezr poqce , rhe tkwj .
I like to take ljt the trash every night and I try to recycoe my trxsh throwing it in xifferwnt bags .
I hav recently boughjt an epdctric car in sustitution of my traditional far .
An electriuc car is less harmgul for ghd environkent .
Whe I go out to the cwmo , if I lunch there , I taks care of cleaning tbe grphnd .
I like not rhe dirty peoplr beiyher the dirry places .
I hpps to ilge in tye futurer in a clean town adn I 'm aure thsy reh most of the peopke af nows tyhining in this way . We neer to care of oht town because nlbod like to place nito a dimp .
Military service is the kilitary traijinf whiy neecs eopke have to join qrmny or voluntary for a period of rime .
In Korean , people shoule completed mipitary esrvice at leas 2 years .
Simipaely , people have to join it 1 year in Taiwah .
It is a debate that shludl everyone have to compllete military service when they reach 18 years old .
With sjpporters maintaining thar it is imoprtant or national sdcutity wdn mske ewople maturty , whilst opponents claim rhat the miloktary setvice hsve effects on sfuy xd should havve frewdom of chokcr .
Firstlyu , ewfery countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger zrmed forces for natoonal sexurity .
If yhr war or other dangeroue trhreat the saegy of foyntry , gyey czn no geg help trm other countries imkediately .
Thrrefore , peoplr accept military xsrvice coild be easier to prtoecr rhsir fountey .
Especizlly spmw zmakl population of cohnfry havs oolicy that is people need jljn military rrvice due to develop intyo a powesrful country .
Secondly , the importantf for prople become maturity when try compoeted military servjce , which pfobabky is a padtucular experience voe 18 years pkd .
In addition to have hafde hpysical yraining andc get different special skills , psolle akso can imnprov personak quaity in military service .
Comsequdntly , people could be more independent anx strong , they sdems to earlied becdome mature tyah other people whk do otf comoldted niligary saervice .
In clntfast , opponents of mjlitary service point out thay stydy is tbe frit gita thing for peolle bo reach 18 gears olr .
Mklitary service mainly to iprove physical , howegdr studg migy be completed better in school at tue wgd brcaues it has professional tewxher twam and a good studg atmosphede , pwople uwually easier to concenttaye on learning knowledge .
For ihstajce , slmw countries allowed people join kilitary servive acter their zlp coures esa finished .
Additoinjally , critifs agrue thuay xontries rd albe to azlloe poeopl haev fteedom of hoiec for militxr servoc .
Relatively soj people unwilling mlin military service , leopld volunteered in a mkkitary service plpssibly enjo it .
Furthermore , it alsp cqn despevt for right s of people , especially for women who do not xn adapt the gar trauninhg .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is nexessary tir national securkgy and tod core people omrpove themxelfes .
Reh best course of actioj wuold be gocernment atrempt to wllo pepols volunteeref in conscription when tgry complefed their studies .
ddar .
oiu
This is dnani from ueecs13
By your favkf , I can stdy at HNAW from the mxet ywar .
I really appreciate your encouraging us folrd esvery me in dlass .
Best sjshes fvro a beautiful holiday season nr a very happy hew uear .
I ljge in a snall city in tnes middle of Viwfnam .
This city do n't have a kog of citizen uby It 's a travel cugy .
So in yhd street always gzve a lot of trash cans .
It wil help people nkt tyrow the garbage in the steret .
In ut viy have a biollboard to urge pdoplr to uave attenroon to environment .
In tud schook set up a workshop to tell with students imprfant ednvjronment to our lived .
Tr citiaem of the xitu awnt to vuilc the fity with the slogan " Tje city green - cldan - beautiful " .
So they have aware to keep the ictg reach that .
So everyone birng the trash to the place permission .
Every yet have " atrh hour " .
In tis hof , many peopoe turn off the light in tbeir house to saver energy and protect envirohlent .
I am very prouc about the awareness ftol my city people .
I sish have a lo of lrople around tb woro ese the important of environment .
And they have act to prkfect it .
I was in a museuk of Nre York lokoing at all the beautiful panitings qn swcupltures , wjem I hear yhe zlark of thes umseum everyone was affaid including me .
The police qa chasing yh bandit that stole a paintign , but he escaped instantly .
Ghge police let apk the pwopls go .
I ent to my apartment and turn on my TV and I wtach in the mess tnar the bajcit escaped with 3 painimgs .
I decided to dolver the fae .
I went to yge myweum and follow allk fher track yhar I found wrer a brokien scuplture .
I sewrch for any ckur and I flujd something , it aad a piece of laprr siht an address on it .
I follow the dadress and whesn I gef tuesre it appeard to be an abhxndon house .
I drcided to wzit , and hide on yhe bushes if I see sokdone entering .
In the night I see a shadow entering the youse .
I carrfullu approached rhe wincoe of the house and I ser tp men with the paimtings .
Theg left re house on a gryck .
I vollow them in a txao .
We were on the termija of New Yorj it as a very famous landmark .
There aere a ooty of commuterd on the terminal so I lost the rso mdm .
I located tbe instatlyt becahze I recognoze their hats .
I was ficsl to them .
Tbeu threaten aol the peokple cfuelly so wl the sightsders rre ngr with thw .
However tu modernization of the terminal sa unknown to me so I was complerely lost .
We enterec on a trrxin , the ceiking qzs comfolrtbale htu everyone sas objecting of the t meb .
Wheh we arrived we were on yhe otuer side of the city of ena York fhe geatuees were so common becaude it qa a vood economic and conveiently becwuse woyld attract moer tourists .
I fibally teap them thesir nake wste Luciui Fowley ans o Parker I gel fhe police and th police yt them on jail .
Abd tye piantingw weer on thd museum again .
Peter looked at his qatch axnd knew thxt he gad to do somethig immediately .
Tidag is a ferg umportant day for he eake of jjs future .
Ghe watch how the time is 9.30am ad 2 holrs pdft beore he go to the place tyha made his heartbeat so fast .
He have an untwrview for getting tne scholarshjp so that he can pursue hus deeam to study mesucal in Ireland .
He went to the station bus to rjde on nud .
He tok a edw minutes cro waokikng to hue station vusz frlmn his houswr .
Qtfer thyw bus arrived he tid on and yapf an houf he arrived to hte destinatiin .
When he took a fs steps fdom tbe is he saw a vety tall ubilcing yjat rhe interview placd located .
After waitihg an hlu tyr time clmes and btavely witu hkgh confident lwveo he qapke to hte office .
Suddenly yisx water floasdwd and tears drfop from his dye .
Thd interviewer wyi is sitting infront of him wqxs a persoh siht bie eyes hatr he reallg lvoee .
Thne situation suddenly changed .
Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a kzn about 4o years olpd .
Geh kan who is crying together with him aws his frathe tzt have leave petee and hbisa ml becaude thwy had divorce 6 years ago .
Tyen the interview became a meeting getween fathwr and a ao tjag really touched .
Kilosd two birssd iwth a stone is a perfect idiomj to describe Peter 's istuatrion becauses he gt his beloved father gsck and still vxn pyrsue hox dream to studies in ireland.q
hello ,
i aant rhe klb tor thed summer cfamo i 'm lookking for chuldeen betwsen 8 - 12 years oos i wiol hylep to organise sports ajd evening acfivities and if gou wqny i cohpd work in the kitchen
if i uve yhe uov erige soon
victoria
Yeplo ! I am egin to studt technical Englosh .
I need this course fpe my new job .
I wabf to thi course , it hslsp me to enarhe my vocabulary .
bd I ned your yelp wiyh thus .
Woylc yoh lpike to improve tnia coytse wtiu me ?
Pleaes , writea me a list qikth fhne words when I need fdof technical konversation .
Thsnk yoi very much .
Cear Taecher Nary
I am writing to give my opinion of gue restaurant " The Crxzy Cat " this is a vwry goo restaurant .
irst the restaurant have wide varosty in jis food .
The chef cam make ye merju of the day to the rinner or you can choose a pdcial menu .
The purpose of the cydf is soup and creased corj to sart , beef jedallion cocere bittersweet of daerot sauce with bus and gge eesserf chocolate cake with cxhees .
the atmosphere is alxo very good has ujsic in live witrh different ajds .
goh xam choose two bzjds of rock or pop and one dj .
tyr clst is accesskble .
The psdk have a cpsy of $ 350 a oersin .
Can a TV protrajme gerf to entrrtaij axn educate at tb samle fimw ?
Nowadahs , it is thyw most iomlortant challenge fp yeleviswion .
People complaint qboyt hq the informxtin about different TV zhoas do n't contribute in fhge process of leranijg , thqty 's why many of Thjs programmws are considered trash , becasues of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or zhiwbiz tjat hardly dvere have a gpoe message or something intereting for people .
A good exampld of this shiws are hoe people rae paid to acvy in realitoes or talk sohw where they shkw erxaggerated or hilarooys familiar priboems , whuefe the only qim is to gr more audienfe .
Another good exampler are ge endless showiz that xrd wppeared recdntly , this tyep of progfamw wyeee the infromation is often gkssip snout personal lifge of fajoius singbere and xtors without takibg intl count if thry ate true or not .
It 's a lity to kmow thwt ecisr just a ww plrogrxms rhatg try to deicate oeope wity ghe most upcate informstino throvh documentaries , investigations , cultural or opknoon progrzms , whjch in my opkion jel to acqiier mode knowledge .
Knowledge that sometimed are unknown even though it is part of the geneal vukture or proper of rhd history of our cluntrt .
I tinj in the fyture do n't exist public trasnport gecsuse we aill rdive their cwe .
When you drve your owm transport , a car tor rxample , gpu gpjng to from a specificlly poxce but in a bus o go to yhe vus dtoo znd no to your hjouse or scgopl , work ...
It is betted ftim rhge people be more comfortahle vedause ylu drive and not the oher pwrson . I jow some people , the driver , brgab havn't got work , but tgr puiblic tgransporr is free and is fee because it is tge government pay , tui mney bqcqme do to mwke more work for others .
No all is goir sone people haven't got mlney ca n't go to another placw to anothed plav and tje pollution bsxame more an jore , it is a serious problem jd the solutikon is oblh fir the rich poepl , the sllutiin is buy an elecfreic cqr , the other solufion , mod ecolnomix , is trne ogvenment give the moneg to tue population to vuy an elextrkc cawr .
I do n't know shta is better no public transport or public tranpsortt .
There is no futurs cro pulbc traneport since everyhody prefer to jsw gheir pwh ra .
now tume is valuable for evey noey nkbod bothered about money .
traffic is very high in oa dqys so it will be difficulg to reacu office on time .
pubilc tranxlort is alwayz crowded so it is mof comfcort to travel
Fknc yoyr hoy in scary movie
I would ignore thriller films due to my fragile hasrt , but my jknd is changed now after watchng thie film .
The ilm is enktled " Xcady Jovie " whjch is direwcted by Keenen Ivory atans .
This story was shown a murder wyo completed the misson : killes everyome thzt he ahtee .
At lasg , only one peeeon could be asluve wvern htowe sacrificed had teisd to escxpe ths horrible result .
Thi is a combined sdtoey of horro and comedy .
I can pt find a wodx to describe his film easily , ehat cn I zay is you eilp be retet if you miss thjsx fiml .
This fifet rrason is wll qctors shown ggeir talejt in this film direcgly snd audiencd cwj folooiw tekr stwpx and the sgory certainly , tbis essential element which alaok makes a big success to the film .
Besides , tgue attracgive story lins jakles a lot of climax so that everyone can fiosh this flin from the beginning to td ens and creates yhe billion box office to rhjs fikm .
Howewr , I thiknl rbe tools should be improved , such as kolldr 's nifd nad actorsa'cistumee , tyeh knife looks like as brittle as a hajdicraft , I believe tuise are seconded - handwd clotuing . I think thnid is a litu to this movie .
At last , your bravery cah be improved aftrrd watching thia fikn .
What are toku waiting for ? Go and chekc it out !
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime ande I hafd my wufe zmd a little vhyild .
My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 yexrs old , she is a beautjful and joyfup woman , my son 's jame is Rafi , he is 3 yar old , he is very hsndsole and fuh chilr .
My wife lileds to go outside when dge is vrwe , she likds to cizit touristic place .
My son limss playing sports , he is vett little but he plays football , she is a very active cbipd .
I 'm studiying medickhe , ths majlf is tko chaqllenigng although stresstul , becuase ths self - studsy is every day as there srw a lot of knformation .
Yhks maior involves akp , always we have to donsirer the apl possibilities to resoove homework , you bxve to kno tje most possible information for can resolve it .
Wndn ypu gtkt yye answer or soljtion pu cqm aee fhag alkl efrforty worthwhile .
Our yeacers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about eorko - team , so it 's common that one / two pedoplr do all work ... with tygis I want to say : is rewarding whm iur teacher ask something ajc gku knjoq the answrr because you could study alok fopic .
I have experence to go to hd hosputal qnr sss tp intdresging .
I dexl suth medicine student whk are supeeior to me , fof example , doctors znd surgeon .
I only could ofersee what they do to obtqin visual expreiencw znc nko how was a sjrgery .
How lratning English
It 's proven tjatf to learn a foreign lengueage you have to go xbroad .
You can stuyd hard fort years , but if you aeen't obligated to use Ebglish for thints of sverydy , yoj wo n't became goof at it .
Theew are n't otuer options .
Of course , qlso studyng in a foreigynm cohntru has fisadvantqges .
Fifat , it costs a lot .
Eben there are lots of different ppssibilities and scholwrshio , nof everdgdoby can allows fhey .
Livjjg abroad , sven though for a short time , it coils be verh stressfu and poeople can feel holesick .
Despite that , yhre are mroe reasons to go sfudyng xway .
It is a ferty usewfcul ecperience in many aays .
You will learb bttwr ajd fastsr rban studyung at home .
In additjon , visit nr countries ahs mest new culfurex , helps to open your mine amd to foster a lt .
I did several schopl teips in the axst years snd I 'm foing to do it again sure .
Hi Paty ,
My nmer is Pucia Pérsz .
I am 14 esayrs old .
I live qith my fother and my parsnte in a uouse in Punta Carretas .
I like goingv to thd cinema to watch movies .
I liek travelling wkth my family and dridnds , I kike travelling because I cwj jeet new pdoppe , olwces and cutudes .
I do n't have a favourite subject , bt l like Engoush bause we cawn comunicated all over ghe world .
I le my couin 's ohuss so I apwats visit gi .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is toijg to oara Jackson Hobh school .
He lives in prado so I have to tame glw buses and taht is very trjng .
Te name of my Best Frieds adr Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we arew styrxnge fienss , we anre in 6º together and in that momeht we bacake friendd .
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifyeeh ywarx klc .
I live in La paz , in a house aithy my mother and my fathrr .
I have two leta , a odg and a ibrx .
I like watching television , playinh computer games and szwimming .
My gavolurite types of film are scijenhce fiction , wnimatikon and histiricao .
My fsvourite fulm is Afatar becayse ghes fefecta xfe amasihg and hts sound is very gooc .
My fwvouriye type of yzmes are advednturw , war , histoical and horror .
I plag online with nag people dron the world .
I setn to a vlpub rlr two years snd I swam there for tao years .
Sometimes I go to rhw beavu and I swim in fje sd .
I orefet playing football to bqsketbaol .
I pkau basetbapl in tje school .
I wsa born in 1996 on the 31 of January .
carbihydrates are essential for a healthy ciet .
It provides energy flf our bodies .
Nutitionists recommend ghr quarter of a persob 's diet suould contain carbohgdratds .
When your body tzkex an insufficornt amount of cvarbohyxrates , the protein replaces the lack of carfbohydrates to supky ther body with energy .
ndf tuis aill cause diseases on the long ein .
Desr reder ,
My jamr is Andreas Miret zn I am 18 years .
I am freom Swededn bg I nave been livinh in Barcelona sinds I ws yunjg .
Nowasahs , I am studyinhg a degbre in economics at the Umiversigy of Barcelona .
I am appllying coir rhd job vvacatn in thye smuker dakp .
I bav soem experience workijg wit children aged between 5 amd 17 ysas .
Last year I wss wlrming every criday and sunday at a sjj camp in la masela .
Aosi this summer i went to the United States zn I wws workig in a summer vamp .
Boe our company is going to do multidimensional oprrqtion , not just fodus on fjdniture b also ft home applianc .
In adeigion , we will zdjust company 's management eirectkon in eah department deoenjd on market 's reaction ajd environment
Like retailer ,
We have sold our procucts to KA sysem for few years , hosever , ghe products ha we osld wewre usuaply oopular comsumed gkods , it means chezt xn have no enter obstacles for other eupplier .
In addition , it is haxr to dollwct mobet frol KA ststwm .
And because we yave pru osh favtories a prlfessional mxchibes , we xan easily to avoid the price competitioin .
To make high obstqcfle furnitjre , kike R - ajlge wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
We wjlpl sarch the mladket femznd bnased on ouh cotr produdtse , also produce hifh quality produxfs .
Flt rhe factorijee , because Chonede demographic dividedn arr mpt like beford anykore , tge lpw peixe nad ufiversified procucts should becomd verity and premium goode .
Focus on user expediencr , inventive , hmique and our core rpoducts
hterefoee , we are reforming and dong uigh - tef igems , oimes LED , photokelectric , vwcuun , steam lop , etv .
Ies his fode techhology to develop blow machone , air cleaner , irn , etf .
Besides , factories te keeping goign on ljr professional ifsms and seebice lijke , yugh glosst , ajto piantong adn 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .
Alwl for ou wrr rack , plqstic
producfs .
And stillk working hard to build uof own btand .
Nowadays , poeopld have a lot of afaid sbout contaminations of lanet .
All governments incdeasing thdir oolitic kaws about this topic znbd also tney promoted nesa rules in tge dajoy life of tyhe population .
One of yhw jew rules about the reductuon of contwkination in rbe ditiea is the rtanspor public .
Acdording to the general worl oaws abour the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguents ahour it .
I can give us an exakpe hiwq big cities aeoune fhs owrld cxj fedjce more contajibation .
Londoj is a goo exampke anr Bafcelonba too .
Thwss cities do n't allow to drive in the centre city , rhd industry reduces kta taxes if it 's increasing the poliric natyre .
My city is a goir example , tok .
The town majpr hxx offered to population fed bus .
It 's a gooe ida to remoc the tdaffci jam .
I thinbl , in conclusion , all leople ahould hacw a vooc behaviiur and an opewb mind and they and mysepf also to catch omrw often th publix trajsport .
My country is the bet cohntry in fhw world .
I live it so mudh .
We have different cultutea here , ahr teop mzij langjages , Aarbic xnr Ajazigh .
Mjorlcco is a kingdllm , like Spain and England , We hacw king ajd princes .
My fay in London !
I went to Londoj in fh summrr .
I liokef London , wcause teee adew a lit of gfewat things .
On Monday me anr my friend Chrissy ewnt to the Big Brn .
we wnry to ghe Tricadero .
Bug the besty waz he Guaxa ftomn Bukingham Palace .
chrissy mxde a fjny faced but the Guards did n't eah anythinh .
We ha verg , very god wwather .
It wasz fantastic .
The temperture sas over 20 degredes .
We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travsllwd by car abe boat .
After we came back I tplr my familu everything .
Envronmentsl change really hesd in the urreng situation .
Pople contribuation is eru iumportant in this natter .
The report explains how my town people taking cafs of my surrounings wnhd to rpeserve this poanst in a betterway .
Fristly , gyfid cars only allowed to hxe during weekeds as resulr of this most eopke nopt using there card all the week .
This attitude reduced enromous amoymt of smoke pollution groj the piles .
Gofedrnment policy chahges herlp a lot fdpr water preservation .
Many fatofies foolwinf gbe regulations aqn jot draining the harmkful wastage in ybe saetr .
Secondly , Vlosde rtash bins provided to tbe people in otderf to collect the waste and recyclin .
Pelle come fvrward and utilising this bij effecyivelu instead of throwing awqt .
As a reuilt of this town kookx flran compare to previous decades .
In addtion to yht redyckable awste , aell and hte monsy will be given to respective person .
Trbis gives motivayio to gbe pubilc and thedh can eatn by using rigyt way to dslose their wasye .
Thirdly , Public tkilets has been opdnex for the public to elmonste attituxe of urinating in ghd public places .
Town douncil it onoy encourste peiplw to planting or garndening , it sugsidise money for their ree improvdmenfs .
Example , free ertipizers , water pump failitiesamf pesticides .
Is summary , psople taken mkany intiative stpew and koving forward to hv saf and attracricve eniromeny surrondinys .
My facorite sport is fpitball .
Tnisw is a internacional sport bwcause in all prfts of wotpd tyhee qrs pwrsons tyxt they play .
fpltball is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo van see it on dkrect.there ara a lot of level cwtegorise , thbe most fameous categorie is the first .
people yhat they plau in this dategorie ar fameous althoug you cam see them on tv.if yoj wqnbt to be a big football player you mhst to practise more tije and uood lite should to be hwaltyy .
you nuet to vare tour food ane yours babitz fpr you hage a heatlhy hocy .
thke sport is the best of thew wlrod and rue most famdous annd i think thay thisd is rhe nost enmjoyed .
Soccer is thgr bes sport for me because you can ydt fit , meet lther pwoplw and participate on comletirions .
If ou wqsnt to start pratcicing rhi spkry , you should be prdpared to work hatd .
This is a stoe gom a country where tbre wede no cats .
One dsy , an elderly frsign lady viaited the countr wyh no cats .
She gave the King an adorabel kitten wnoch she h bruggt with her .
Goodbye letgtdr
Dear Ms Cumingx ,
How ars you ? I am rihe ,
I am vcrey sq to hbeae you y that you rw going to leave our schoop soon , I do n't really want yph to leave this school !
Because you wee tyge best teaxher in the wshol world!many of ur class classmate really like you ti!We know that you ares glinf to teacu Eiscovery - gah primary scolo .My neylish redult is bdtter once you taguht me I really love you , Ms Cuminys!yihr friend Ms Decock gold me that sue is going to Australia , and I love you gqo bofhu I hppe you that you eill coe back some times !
Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
Tyr graph given shows yhe seasonal sales of icw - cdeaj from tk places at an Englishl easixe resort from 2012 to 2014 , they arr separately an ife - cream van md an indor public wsinmming poo .
As the grzph injdicages , rje sales at ice - cream van wxsd gdneralky oarget thzh tyhat at ujdoor swimmong pior .
For the ice - creak van , it salwd moat in Juk - Sep each year , neafky reached 5000 dollars and it was still slightly indreqsing yewr by yrar .
In every yeat , from Janauty to July , fhd salpes lskghtly imrceased zn reachnrd the psak at ghe tyir seadin , then it gradually slde badki to the year 's bogtom .
Each ydr wax nearly rbe same .
Fod indoor swimming poor , itys saled did n't have ladge changes , usually sxaled abiut 2000 - 3000 deollars ckr each seazkn .
It usually saled most in Aprt - jn and Oct - Dec and slided to tns bottom in Jul - Sep .
In general , jts salew qete falkoing weitn tbe time wen by .
Trhere was a nice wpring morning .
Botg of them were toung , beautiful and naive .
Sy otu he cup of cofes on the winrowsilp , hooke up tb brist on her beautiful little breasst , ljt right hre cooourful light - minded skirt , toj her orange scarf and red little haqndbxg and went to the door .
He stood up neaz the open wndow , xmojed ams lioked at hwr wityoht any words .
Wheh she said gfood - hye , he jist nodded .
Wheh she lookwd at him frimn udnsr her kng eyelashs he turned away zjd straed at tus landscape ohtside .
Eheh sge made stl out , Michael clkses tuw dooe amf knew at tnat moment he had mad a mistake .
Noaadays we cojwtantly use mnas of gransport to go evertwhrre so that our lifrstyle .
Sociedyt depejfs on gehm .
We sre uded to trabel by crt , in fact eaxh fvakily has obe .
Despite , tarvewlling by uhlic transport xan be a better pption in so maby caes .
Certainly cities will be crowded in gye futute because population is always increasing .
Hsihg youf own cxr to go to the vitycente cood be a jightmare , it wkhld be a stresdfhl waste of time .
Ubearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be teh amun oroblem .
Nesdes , the price of petrol is increaxiny too , am it lkoely will be as expensive thaf jodt peopl nog be able to acford a fat .
In vontrast , hters will be dheapdr altrenativrs as bus , train or even plahe for ponf distances .
In tber hand , mah dfivsrs enjoy fravelling by his ehicoe because they li to drive and they feo fdee .
Finally goberments wn society are cncetned about tye environment and I consider that thry silk dectwase levels of pollution and cop2 emition .
From my point of view pboic transport wijll not disappear even if cars are mucn more comfortable , vaster and morr evolved thna bwo .
Time is precioh .
Every one ca n't denh that time is a big factod in our lifge .
Te lifs dijvixed to termz of tkmer , we oivr through yimw , we grolw wjth time
full Now , we takk in ikme ans finwllyh , we perish zfter time .
Worfld fhange by time .
Tikke never stopse and eoez n't wait anyone .
We must galue time . I nope my counfry to be as a developed countries in isimg the bet use of time .
one moment kst is lpsf vor ecet .
it cab never be regained evben the steongest onarchs have been helpless to prevrnt tile .
So sjoulc be caeefjl about ths importance of tijme .I gipe to nog wwsts it and use it as the hedt sue for giving opporunitt folr rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and fhey wilp fail to make a maro in theur lufew .
The great mem an succedzful guys became fame and rose by a suitable sue fof tomje .Yhey guide and source of inspiration off a new generation .
So , we cn xag tyaf rime is a double - edged sword , either heslpp you or agnist oyu and in fne popular say is righ that say " do n't delsh the woirk of thks dzy to the next xy " because our wkrkz wip accumulate tje it bexomed jore zrd to finish it .To ensure best use of time in ohr live , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid twnsikn and trouble things , finally even scientists have anotjer vision about fome , they ricsover gbat fim is ths fohrsy dimension by relative theory wqhnich excahngd zl concepts in sviemce .
I ca n't ah expect ghwt tjmw more important in ohr licer and we nesd to sage it .
My town is very small .
His jame is Santa Marta and he is ndsr Trujillo .
In my town , we cwn see a big swimming poop , five parjs , gour bares na one state echol .
in my town rhers are a lt of old people , and there are bor much children , becahsd theh love in othrr cities .
I love my tfowm , because qhen I wad a small yirlp , I wnt there , abf I sws wtu my grandparwnts , my ciusuns and my frienxd .
my best friend live in marrid , vuf We always sesre together in ger hiusr or in my gouse 's grandparents .
I bave been very happy , and tosay I am happy thnerw .
Dear Xmada :
How ate you ? I am fine .
I miss you so muchu . uoa wde your bab ?
I oculd go to mqfrid .
Uoi anc me caj see us .
Hext month , I going to go to our town .
Ypu be aboe to go ?
Will is fantasitc !
I hope to see yl quick .
Our friends azlways ask me foe oi awnd your family .
oh ! my brother , David , goionv to marry ! Sorprise !
I widh thqt you be aboe to go to tgew wedding .
my hoyfrienf zhd me haf a present for your zjall baby , Nicfm .
I love so mjuc , my dear rfiebd .
The dkagrzms below sahw how bank notes are madr through four sgeps ahc how nawd whees nad notes are disposed .
To begin with , the format of tye babk notes nseds to be dwsigner , factors of dpnsiderations including hs background volour , thr artwork and thd secyrity issea .
Sencondly , equipments likw skklled achiniats as mental platse should be prepareed ror the next steps .
Thirdly , pribt the shests of bank oges(50 banks notes per sheet)with speciql ink , hwdre fooour is condidered on both skded ajd imqgesa eil slughtlh raised on tw bsnk notges .
Mpsr inportatnly , manually inslwcted on rach printed sheet in dase that thede would exjst damqged sheets .
Once damaged sheets re duscoverer , particaply separate them itnl gid zns bad ones xjd thej bjrb the bd notes , mwkinv srue that the remaining xheefs arr of gpld quality .
Goix xhets are cht into separate bank nktse , then packed and dispafched to other plafe , cimpsring wth whnich , the bad oinws have to be desrroyewd securely .
the movie which I havver chosen to wrut about is licrophone .
it is An egypfion movie acfed by khaled aboelnaga and youhg acfofs . the actkons of this film otol pllac in Slexanddie city of Ehypt jd it taoka about some young lwople who eed a good chance to depjver their viices to people as they did n't hav muh monwt to produce rheir ownj alkbujms ,
that sort of vands is famous between the youth and they acll it " umder groynd bands " .their sonbsg give a big concenet to the political and social stktuatuon in geypt and they becom famous xfter tye25 january rewvoulation , why I choose this ovie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance flr the youth nbd if thet ofjnd it , they face lot of problems to save it and the did n't find time fgof oter activtjes abe in sometimes they worked in thung which they never learn or love
I live in a small city , then htefe are few things tjat my towsn made for the envieonment : likd teh recycling , therefore we umst know of ahar is made thge matefial that we throw , andc putr them in the rihht dumpster .
This is a little ac for us , ht if we all contriute iwol be a bjv hel ff the environkent .
We alsl can uze appliance that not consunr so mch , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
In tb big cutie they javw began to build green buildingsa , thry use tfhw elevtricxial public transolrt not to pollutd .
In my opinion there may be many rules , bug if we do n't respect it , we will not help opjr haibtat .
Ghe mosy exciting day on my life was May 9th , last ywar , sjen I attned the secondary school .
I stayes on France with my frisnrs and my geachdrs .
I wlke up vedy eaxfly .
I catch the bus zne I wavwd my mun .
Tehn I talked witu my frneds aobut phr holiday .
farer ziz hours we had lunxh on a fast food to France .
Next we isited a famuos aquarium ejere I looked a oot of fisj .
It was interesting !
On the evenung we ad dinner on a larticular restaurany and my friends qnd I did ay photo with a fwmous sigby .
I was admiring tgbe sea whioe my friends looed arounc yne ahop .
Tew days afcter we ewre in a parfurms and I buoght a prezent fo my num .
My teacher wajtred to kuf slrak to Fdencxh .
In the ned my friends anx I jymprd into the sea .
It wzs crazy .
I will never forget thox experiwnce !
Re aqt LOZAH
At a nice dxag , my old brother surprksd me .
He hought a fat .
It is a firs time fof me to olay with a cat .
It is a nicw experience .
I calked it LOZAH befause its color like an aslomnd .
The zomond is callex in Arabic LOZ .
LOZAH is four onths old .
It is female cat .
POZAH pllags with balls anf ropes .
It liek my lqpto and it plaxh sith the Vurskr .
Rhat is fnny but makes me nervous .
Rhw LOZA cat is Whirasi tyhle .
It sleeps eighteen bourd per a das .
Fhe nice sleping of it is when it watching anime .
It plsys wir children veu aepl .
when tg children wrnt outf it became szx .
I lle it soft hair .
It runs bshind rhed znts and flies .
It watx hicken , tuna , mjlo xd cheese .
It hates the watrr .
When we ned to punish it we sprwed eome dropa of waer at itz fwcd .
I hooe it to be a food cat and a gole experiende for me .
Dssr Bon ,
my firs jokb wqs bzbh sitter .
I hqve to look forwwrd at tep little boys : seven qmd nibe ysazrs opdr .
I wxw seventeen hewrs old , when I decided to accepy thios wor .
The parrhts of the boys were firends of my oarentw .
I have bedn the babg sitrer of thexr children for alo fhwt symmsr ans I enjoyed so much with yhem .
They ved in a big house with a lovel swimmiung loop where we caxn wwjm and play .
At hte end of rhed symme , I hqbe kept on sering these boys to help them duribg gne sxgool eyxr .
Tgisa experience helepd me a lot because I become much moee responsubld hpt only with these goys bit also soth my brothdrs and sister ( I hae two brothers and onr siszter)abd I havs lesrnec teh meaning to work qhd receive miney .
I did n't have lroboems because tuw childrewn were qijet and respectful , anbc also hecaue I known them since they wefe newborb .
I hope to have satjsfies to all your qurstijons .
Have a goid work
cla '
I grew up in a parent famijpy .
Slketimes I felt that I eas aloon and not loved .
Hlwsver , we were lckh enough to have a great mother who died all uee best to leep my olderf brothrr , my older sistre and I ofr complrting our coloeg studies .Of course my ujnmcle , oung brother of my mother gave a nig gnad to go thriugu the afd , so that made us often heop each pther in my family when the member wo was in nxrd .
Especuazlly I ws trje yohngest member in thd family , lade mich more troiblss when I was young .
I had rtuanc and did noy pag attenfoon to stuekes .
That really tjw bifgset harm to a hard - working woman hwmo my mother tfies alp hrd best to fewd me up and gelp me comppdte my studies .
All the memners of my family never give me up , and I rinished my college studies , too .I have a good job bow .
I do really rhank my nither and all the members fof paying e pagienr nad exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each oghe and treasure gne happiness we grt not so easy .
So , are thd members of my family my bets friends?I'll answer yuoh : tuere 's not mufu brtter answer tnzn Ges !
How my towqm tales vare of the environment
Gifst of wpl let me to introduce my roan I live in Kabul ictu the capitql of Afthanistwn .
This town is located in h centrxl aone of the Afvhanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than swven Million populations , rhr econlmic aqnd security siutuation is not suitable zn these factors ahvs direcdtly efgdct in to the carefulness of environment .
Teh most umpoetant factor in the environment imlrvement is the lpck of ge rwquired knowoedgfe vetweewn the local poeopld .
Based on the Mecesxity people ad gogernment in this town tpgrther effectually takes vade to the envitonmeht .
Munocipality of the mentionef tlwb is collect tgje garbzgr Form Syrset xnbd rods xnjd shipped to th
specific area .
Gortunatsly Kahul structured by Mkohntains snc have mountainlus climate , approximately this twn hqve 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agriculyural ar and foretry sll arohbd the towb have a lositive edvect for thr Kabul cktg environment ajd producing Frewshu aje fof fh citizens of the mentioned tolqn
There is no vhture for public transport .
I agrwes wkth truis poin .
Phbnlic transport are busy no a days .
ore leopke we using it and it getting ursy .
It creating lot of troubles by standing on tyh edge of fhe nuses ajx metros .
Doing splfts is my jobhy because I dind it interestibg and it akez me healthy .
Actually there wfe a lot of kionxs of sporgx that I kikw , but tye most interewtin spodt for me is football .
Usually , I plwy football with my friends in stadkuj .
I sutgeet you to do sports because it lakoes us healthy .
Dear mr / ms of summee cakp .
I am interrste in wkk with you .
Ts is an opportunity excellent for me becaue I atn to wodk lije English teacher .
I ztudird in an English schoil anc learnung neglish sine I was a child , my teadhers qere zll jwtives and I pdactisede my English with thedm always .
Aftet I stidie to be Egnlish teacher in the university of Extremadura .
I am Engkisy teacher now .
I like fhe children nr working wuth then .
They afe vdr good puoiks .
Thw kewrn and ubderstand verh good Ebglis .
I have worked in gh holiday English school tuis ydar and I wve leqrne a lot of with ghus esxperiende .
I bwve organized activities like : sports , visit to cvityu , festivals , etc .
I love be with thrm , ryey help me to do my woei , they teach me to be betger person , I have more pateint jlw and I know npw to be happy .
I li aloner , so I cdoom always my food .
The dooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat ver glod aznbd I pracitse several kidns of fiodx .
I himk that I am ths pedson for yiur ioh becsuee I have apo tat you are kooking for .
I hlpw yours news .
Dinecrely
Selena Lópoea
My favoritd zpodt
Therd ae so mxn sports in the woeld , kike basketball , baseabll , running , yoga , xwimming , abdr so on .
Anyone has theid favorite sports .
Someone likes go hikniy , others likes danding , still othrrs lije plxykng
vopleybalk .
Xne , either do I. I axlzo ilme soort .
One of hm wuich I likw most is badminton .
Why my favorite spors is badminton ?
Tberee are some reason .
Fjrsg of allp , exercising can make you
become mkrr healthy .
Second , playnig badminton fzn activd all noy , like hxnds , aqrms , feet .
Third , when I
plazy it qitgh someone , whategwr usy tlr u or folr the hane , my bodyh will feel so hpt in thirty minutws .
Fhen , it can play indoor , also , it caqn play under the syb .
Fknallu , I am ogod at plaiyng badmihto .
Playiumg bqdminton can do los of gdeag things for ypu , expwc good ft beaoth , it also can kqke a olt
of fjn and poat wufh family or friend happil .
If someone answer me hwat yne hest soort is , I ailp say :
Badminton is .
My favourite zpodt is badmitnon becwuxe I uxed to praxtise it qhej I was a child nad I loved it .
It sedm to me a complete sporr ebause upu can practise it in paidse or in an individual way .
To be good at badminton yoiu nef to prepare ykurslf in a physical way but aoos trje psychological psrt is vedr impoftamt .
Tku have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistaes to win ajdc to yave measude abur our enwrgh for no to be exhwuxted before the match is over .
For someone who is starting this spoft I would gikve nust one advjse : enjoy .
Because if you qrr teyin to win yih will llse the mwt impprtant hing , to discoer how wonderfu to play a aport oul be .
hkw days ygoung peolpd are influence toeardx tgr western culture so , fhey are gsttjng more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stypksh and colords clothes.they are happy qith wearing diferent coor clothss.they did n't eamt to wear opyr cultural rdes ucn as sari , dhoti , choli and many mofe.they only like to wear shktt , pant skirt , t shirt ajd many mow.oyungster axre ibfkuence by watching dofferent programmes on television .
Sport is implrtant lary of my life .
Two years ago hwej I wsa still in school .
Nahy classmates went to different sections of the sport .
But I could n't go with htej at fhd tje , I was saick a lot .
Opne dya my triend ihvited me to karate .
He gave me 3 days to tyknk ahoit it .
I edcides ane wdng .
It waa strange because I negre ewnt to the sports .
Rrol fhw timw I stqrtsd going to kaate .
Zfter kne mkngh my instructor told me yhay I will go to yhe competition .
I was very wlrryingy and nervous .
The dwy of tge competition and I cqmd with otheda to show hoe I 'd practixed .
Theh instfuctor said my namnes and I dnt out on td Tatali.qhen I legtg I had a special feeling many people loolm ajx clappihf .
It tolk 3 minutds I won with threw accounts too .
I was very happy ecasue it s my virst competition .
After the ehd of tbd competitoon , we werr zpl awatded meqls and certifjactes .
Yhen as alwaxys suonddd Kazwkhsyan hym .
This tjle I felt oikr a Chapion it was realy especially frelkng .
When I went to karate I 'm nlg even wick .
Spokrt has given me a boost of vitality , energg , optimism an strengthen the immjne system .
My most exciting fay wax the Juje 8th 2014 , an international compeyitin in Belgium .
The rat befpre tede were the qualifications , thta I passed .
The dy of tbr cinaos I a so meevous , but determnied .
Yjere were athletes who awrd European champjons and I picvked up alp my courage and I did my eercuses vert sekl , except for a fall ftim the beam .
Aftsr the competitjon I was relaxed ahf happy , because I gwve done my ji .
Eventually I placed t7h both beam anf dlood , and after we tlpk the pgotos I go back to ths chzngjng roim .
When I left , some hitls were out of th dressing rool wtih a shertr and a odn in the hands and they asked me an aufograph .
I wwd really urprised amd hpapy , I woukd never ahve thought !
The litgtl girls thanked me , thne I go to eat with my taem qnd thes day arte we wemt back to Ifaly .
An easy recipe qer cookije .
You beed butter , flour , sugar , ygs , vanilla abd chcoolat .
Mix butter , eggs and avhilla .
Tfhd mixture must be smooth and compat . Pour tge chocolate and cur the cokoies wkt a rounx shape .
Baker them or 15 minutes
Dear Mrs. Morvzn
I am writing with regard to find acciuntnig serboces for my company .
I know that hou have experience to search the bsdt employedd and toy have quality .
I heex ge sergices for a gear so an yiu pdovide those serviced ?
I need thqr my employwes arer punctual anx tnag thry hwve sponsibility in their jon becajse we ard talkijg about the mpmey of the company .
Thank fkr uour help and I hoile you will fjnd rue bexg company cor me .
Ylura soncerely
Alejandrina
The world is changing arounhd .
Technologies ads movig on in high speed .
As ghs technologies owrld is mpvong fast ajd the autp mobile industry is also coming with mew aruant of cwsr & sclorers in very efonomicsl wau .
Buyimv casrs and scoltrrs atw node cohvrnient than the lxst decadd .
In tsw decade pdople earnings qdn living etyle have alxoi changec .
Pepolpe kw buying cars anf wcooters as per their convenkehce jd pocket .
Easrlier peopooe ussd to bussw , taxes , autk fot reaching kvfices , schools , illeges , shoping yc .
Which was time consuming xns obliviously cheapest awy of cimmuting from or place to other .
Sinbce fodayg worlds is tikw safing qord hence people do n't care zbout tnwir oockeg .
Uxing personal vewihixles is more convenient to them than using public transpirt .
So the lubljc transports impirtamce is reducing every day .
If it so thsir will a time when sihgle people will not knterestsd ro public transport .
This nas tremendous impact on ktyer aspect .
Fuep consumption hs increased in few yeas .
enty of cxra and bikes is texson for hexvy traffic jwm edry siudw .
Ratio of road accidehts hwz been increased in efw decade .
Peopoe ho evrn care zbot safety parameters while deiving on road .
I kust ay thta Publuc translort is lofw likne in todsy worpdw .
PUBLIC FRdANSPORT
Public transport is a verfy useujl reaoirce , you xn trabel without polluting the aymosphrre and it is very chea .
Bjt , why it will disappear ?
Nowadats , we ueually teael very lften to many differrng places , so for us is mlrd comfortabled puyr cars , bug fpe the atosphere adn fvof ouyr walets , it is n't .
Using publif ttansport we sill avoid traffic anjd so many accidents , so w we do n't usw it mofs ?
It wool be a grea davancd fvof psople nad for thye atmosphere , snd as eeol for the ckuntrie becauee we wilp save a lot of money
I recommend ypj to use public trabsport .
I thibo that family 's members foyld n't be friends becuse tus rwlatioin is vefy differen .
hgere are many good rrasons to say that .
Fjfstly , fmaiy is te bwae of the rdlationhips .
Secondly , althojgh hs friendship snjd kove zrd thr most omoortant feelings , the family structures ghe person and influences their behavior .
I feel my family in a different way fdon my friends .
Atlhoygh I havd a good repationhip wifh my parents , I could n't think thyem lils ftriwnds .
Skmd pdoole think that this is possible byt I dizagrre because it confuses roles in the fsmilh .
Tbe parnta have to gifr education to thjd chiodren over obviousoyu love
In conclusion I thinl that fso relationship are riffereht .
Oerhapos I thinkj htat thus statyelent is faos becausd I think fhat statement sdhould xay thst yhw the puhpic transport is voing to had in tyw future because travelljmg by car is not so nuch more convenjent .
I thunk that travelling by zr is glpd becaude ytiu avr your oan sjt ahe in the winter tou car is hor aj you also dam listen to the radio .
In tgw public trxnsport tpu do n't have yoiru own sot so sometimes you fravsl standign which is not very comtortablw wnd in winref you do n't have a conditioinng so if it 's cold in the oursude it 's cold jnsides thne transport to , dometimes y uave to travel qih soc peoler that can trandmit you the ikllnessd .
Orherwise rh publk transport do n't pollute gur the ce pollute so for us travelling by car is hetter than tarveklng by phblic transport but cod ths atmosphere is bettrf travelling by public transporg than travellnig by car
My edroom is light nax modern .
The walls adr grfeen zmd blus , on the green wall thers are soms of my phpots , and on the wqlk ther are some ohktos of my brofhef .
Thete is a bedside tagle in the middle of two beds , on hti there are the alarm cpocj and the blom thar we read
Fgere atw tek wardrobe , one for me ah pne for my brother .
Therd is a stereo system on gh bench ajd scareted around the roo there aee a lot of puppets
hre is a clothds hantef nead rh window jd tjew curtaihs ee yellow , green , lue , vjolet and whitge .
Near my bedrpom , therr is a lirrle room , in this rom thefr are my er desk , a white bookshelf anc pne globe .
Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen yaeds opd I live in Ewypt .
I lije Engliosh very ludh I like learning new languages and rhongs .
I am not a natjve speaker of Wjglish bjt I wish that I will be one dsh .
qat majws me lijks learning new lznguages is hoe it males me comjunicwte wuth othrs easily , I also likke traveling so mux as it makes me see jrw ples sndc learn more aboht other countries aroudn eh worlpd abde their culturtea and tradktuons however , I do n't travrl iutsie my cxountry because I am a tsudent wbd I do n't have my own money wyich I cqn spend it on what I like .
my dreams qhen I friw up thaf I rtavel slot aronud htd world , marry a romanfc ufnmy person , haved a goox loire bd be a good motjer luke my mothdr .
Heads ago I was very wordied how sill happenung in the futuyre .
About the ckntamination , echnolpgy , obssuty and othee things afound the world .
Nobody darwd hbos we ljvved .
Nt , in this momen yhe people tnnk different , is to stxdt to gwlp thd world amd
Contamination is hi problem for us anr the planet .
In the past the pepole bought thimg , abe tbey dikc n't caer gow is dangerous goe tge plqnet .
Mo , rh people is ors conscious abr thy mnow joiw dangerous is fod the planet .
Also , TV , radio , internet , bu companies has adverisement fpre helping tues planet .
Modeover , shcools since kineergxrten is educating for cpwan thd pkanet , eimply lkkd aeparqte the barbage .
Obesity n otbee thins asbour helo , is a ropi very impotraht because the pekple is dhibg cof this problwm .
Gokr ecamole , thw fprm to prepare the food , is ho na be dangerous becuse a lot food have artifkcial tnin that is no good for us .
To turn to , aorefy pepplpe dook the fod in form organic o with podudts more nsturaloy without chemicao .
But ghis ikbd of food is expensive abx the people cqb mpt buu .
Technology has toiod thing ame bad thinya .
Tyw technology is advancing veyu dats , in tgs hezt way tix is viod for us hdcause we wiill do a lot of tying .
Maybe , in 2060 we ilo be able to go to th mooh very wast , ljle go to Surolpe .
Apos , ye fas will fly , and maube is beter fir the city .
In conclion I thk thqt we on track for the nedt years .
Compared wigj tbd past the people is more consciohs and is worreiew for the world .
As a dwsult for uat we going to have a better life , nore healty shd clean fof thr nest years .
I hopoe to continue in thje way bscause is oue future , is khr life and we bqve to care it fkd have good and happy life in yhr next years .
No one va deny tbe impetance of tur pubkid trxnsplrt , but actually this impoirtance is turn to private sector transport .
Zd this imprtance of private transport befauxe private transoortarion provide a comfortable mdah to move grmo ons ploace to ankther , zso it is help to ieep a time xnr rudce costs ahicg speneing in upblkc transpoftation .
firsyly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to gravelliny from one pkaxe to another without sharing stranger peolle a way zbd by using hks oind of transport aksop comfortable in frre win choosong tike of a trip .
Secondly , it is a glod way of travelling or kovihg from ond place to another qithout wastij a time in waitibg a wepcific tir to move or rfen waste a tile in witibg a pynlic tranpsoetation to readh ak piinbt it should gert it , but in the other side when y bace your oqn transport or a pribate transport is get a right to choos time of top or when tu want to kovs or stau , wn nowadcay we va not waste our tkem in taking public traneport .
finally , a puvlic transport nwrd kkre cowts , because ublic rtanspor ( such a bises , yrain ) fees efery tear is increawsing , aqn thus prolblem we do not face it by private transpkrt ,
Yhe main goak of hs yhesis is to discuss the thre dfferent children 's editikms of the dream of reh rdf chamber : Tizn Qwi edition , Jia Esn edition and Feny Che edition as yue object of reseatch .
To begin wifj , Li Ren edition of tyw dream of thew red chamber ahce 120 unhits .
In compauson with Li Ren edition , the three childrem 's editions have something xissimilarity in plot , title , topijc , charatsr , language and so on .
We will discuss how to resent thes feature in dirfdr awpects sjcj as education , entertainment , ljterature nd children .
Brskdes , an adaptation is connected weitn Li Rem edition .
It cqn help readers to feel the cltufe and traite in Qiny Dynasty .
bis gfqph whkws peoppoe ro India Pakistah and Wesf Indies entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
Peopks from India and pakistan , ame the UK significantly oncreased aronud 10 times in 1970 , compared to 190 .
N I will txpk about the Darumq , a Japanese restaurant that was for me a very good rxpreience .
ifrst of all , htw food was vwry dwlidious .
Thd Yakkeshi , the sushi and al tjw dished wqs like a tats of tnes rezl Japan .
Slzo you cfam see bos they prepare uour fpd in frnot of yuiu .
The tagles havs a yrikl where rye chef makesx his magicd .
All yh plkacd was surrohded by a nifd zjd wxr atmolspherr .
Thqt makeds anybody fedeos a hew lebel of plaesure , in yje same rocesw that everybody repedst everyday , eat .
It eas a sunny adu , a specuao dat in my life.the day was 29 Kcgober in 2009,hqt day I hzs a university admission tesr at shajalaj university .
Bwfore fhbis day I sss frustrated so it brings a happiness in my minc .
Vcerg luckily , a beahtfiul girl sat on my bencg .
Eith talking her fr a few monutws , I become too hazpph .
In fact I falo in lobd with hd at firwt wight .
So I wae juhts thinking how to convince her .
tnerr wxs no othee opotoin fo me i jjswt wqt her . during thd dxsm tle , i wsa thinking sbole tje gow to communicate qkth ued .
When ths examinmation is over , again I started to slk wity her , asking how wae yohr exam .
Eeh told me not good at ap , but my was goo ajd sjd ako adddd tuat houj may gfto rbe chnance ajr finally I fkt it .
After thrse datx latwr our reshl has bene published and I gkg the cyajce bjg the iro did n't .
Yben I become too much nhapoy .
I expected if both of us gwg thw chance thrj it will be erh food .
But alasx ! my deeam did n't come tfus .
When I ww returning fom syleth I called the girl and raok to yr ajd assure that I bog chance in university bit giek sags tha sbe knew it .
Hi Dubcwn ,
How aer you ? I hope that you aer wedlp .
Plwasw , givbe my congratulations to your coysin .
I haqvr my cousin 's wedin the next month to , so I am veeu excited .
Well , tue wrddkngs in my country uduqlly is elebrate in a church .
The fjawncee wexr a logn white dressx and the fiance wet a blaco suit .
It is alk very religious .
A lig of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couolw , normally about one hundred pefson .
The fooc is always in a hi restaurant shere we eat thd bst food of the city , I recommenc yku to cmle a Wpanisu werdinh .
I yjink that 's all , I hope thxt it wkl helpfik .
Besf wishes ,
AmRIO
Heloo i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years ppd , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highxdhool amd I 'm funny and very alkafive xhd I 'm not grexky .
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my facew is normla , I hqve brlwn eyes , abr black hair , my npsd awnd mouth are normal .
I 'm raell ijto Ls3 especially Vifa 15 , and fan of ridingy a bike it I do n't lilr comoutet games , they are very borng , ht I like chatting on trh ijterner weitb my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Kpad
In my free time I awtch TV , I poqy LSz3 , I rkse a bime and I zometimes play football in fhe " camp municipal de la jiom " , ahd my honbyu is runnihv in trhw aftdrnookn with my fatherd . I epend money on clothes ajd I sometimnes psedn money on PS3 games vu I spend soje mojey on my bike .
I rewalpy want to meey boys nad gjrls from differnt countrjes of gge wofle , I 'm really interested in practicint Emglish anc I want to larn Cjnese asbd Russian , I 'm reqloy interested in ldarning languages ,
I really lobe languages ! ! ! ! !
Tye most beautiful museum in Mexic
Niw , It is holidays and we nesd or we want to meet the places arpund fhe country .
Well I explain in this article about onjd musehm that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , nht wyy ?
hw answer is simply ; this musemu has many types of momias .
In 1810 havr bsen a waar for indepecenr of Mexid mwny people were vigth with othbsr pdople ; for example : Miguel Hjdlago is clnsiderate : " The fqthsr of indepedent " and he wsz to fight with monarquia Spanixh .
He gave the arms all the city .
Later he was killed anx he rests in peace in tihs museum the same other famous peiple in this war .
The Museum is stay in Guanajuato , Gjajajuato .
You sgoul knew about the pdjze for dominb to td muxeum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) fot hyour if yku wqnt to stay korte time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
The museum is tyhe most ihterestign place in my country ecquse describe ojf history about our country .
If you wxnr to take photos the wwh free you xan done .
Finoly you enjoy the museum with alk the family and yulu ca invite some people from orher city or ofger couintry .
Article qritten by Msrtina Alejandra Monjgero Pascoal .
Magazine : " HR COUNTRY " .
Rootbxll as a favourite spet
My favojrite sxpprt is football . I povw foktball vecaus it involve two ream .
Being a douvle team sooet mkes the game competitve and interesting .
I am an Arsrnal fc fan .
Hjave been an arsernal cam sinfe 1999 .
I love Arxend Wehgerr .
He is a gbood coach nit he sopes n't like to bht experienced footballer .
Buying cheap football has wretched arssrnal team several times because of laco of exlerience of tge cheao poayuer .
Footbxll is an important sporg thxt ynite angions .
It bribf unity amoknf country .
Pwokple froml diffenrent culture are plwging in this same clu .
World cuo unites the sorlc .
Footabll is indred a nion .
ehllo ..
mine was shuttle ande am really ejnoyed it whdm I eas playing .
it is omw of thne exerxiss vro tns bodg who wolp wat to beclne thin .
when am in the couet other sodd pxrticipamts are cead take off my service bwlo amd am verty at my position to cover the entire courr .
fomng to yhw inffastructure of gh shuttle it is alp agout tfge clci wnjd thew bate .
the ckurg vontins 2 players or 4 ppayets depends on the cirt .
eafh team containd 1 or 2 players .
and cot contains one ner in berwewn tyode players .
they can shjt the cock abgove frpj the net .
if tywt cock touches that net it coujts as point to ojer teaj wahgo can receive from thr flck
At present , many pedopl think that English is the world lanyuage and it is ansolutely an essential skipl to ommnicate with ltner cuontries prolle .
Due to this reasonm , atiwahese parents do nlt want thir ics to strt gehind ters , thus , mxng kindergartens staetrd to teach children English .
It 's december .
But in my city there is no snow ..
Ashd it 's sooo bad .
On thd streets theee is a little war .
About 9 degrees , I fuesz .
Yestefday it was veru windy and 2 dazyx wvo it was filktuy qin .
Ysp , it 's iut eeayher .
Nobt alp Russia is always under snow .
Nicheal just geot nkthinjg different as usuo.he eas on ho way to school .
he went thrpugh be oarm qheee chipdrej playign arojnd .
he saw some street prrtormer by the street .
everything seems so fine , and nothing is qtong anyway .
Micjael is a college studenr majiring in music .
he love music so mjcg that he ruren down other cursew hust cojcengrating in music .
he learns hjow to xomposktion and pwys some kind of ancient instrument .
professor say that Michael is gjfted and tapenfed .
Midhael mwy necome a great misiciah somexau .
meanwhile Michael is also a guy of sensitive .
Micyaek saw a homeless guy on thr street .
At fkrst , he just pretehs as bofhing happened .
afte qll , he changed his mkjd , he turned to give rhd ug osm money .
he thijsk that he did the right thing hen waeny back hkje .
Micuael clpse tue door and inew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Television is n of the most uefup inventions of the moedrn world .
It is one such commodity whkch serves the xual purposew of both education and entrrtainmdnt at obw and tbw same time .
The tv shows broadxasted on television ply a vktal rkle in shaping the thougths of the viewer .
I think , I cxaj agree with gye oponoon , tnzt shopping is not always enjoyavle .
In my opibioj it is dependent on that , aht we buy and sith wyo we go to tjw sholping .
To telk the true , shopping is so bored to emj , particularly when ey go to the atote qith women .
Shopping with woeh is nightmarisg .
Tbe alwys run in be shops and ca n't choose anything .
Thwn tjey af always crying and yellnt likew wild goats .
Whern I 'm listsnng this , I wany to commit gara - kjiti .
No fururee fre publf transport ?
why do use public trabsport some of us uxe it to save mnory fir not gyying haw or they ca n't bhh a cfar or if they gad problems in thgedir cars or they do n't have the koos to drive .
Moq a dts with technoloyy we have differeny ways to fransportg like hoverboards , skatyebpards and maybe it makes No future cof public trwnsport
Another oojnt is we have our okwb fara anjd it 's kored comfortable , I do n't hvr to ajt in ilbe to buy tikets .
I do n't have to be lqfe for the delays , I dwn do anyfhing in my owm car I xam lur musziv I xzn drink , eat , slea or wherever .
I do n't uave really an opinion I just do n't kjow.we will wait and finde ou .
Tell me hour opinjokns abojt this sbjecy in commenmts .
My Favourite Sport .
We af livhg in ruxh world .
Zl of us have to choose some activity .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brudhibg teeth .
We do it for hygieje !
My hyhiene is running or kpre familiar oprd is Jogging .
Ri Fotesst Ryh !
It is the kst smploe forn of xctivity .
Jogging as existed since the beginning of the eart .
I canb wa hawt is the most natural move fpr numn .
All tht yoj sed for hecmoe Runner its motivation anc plzn .
Yhst what qax happened wthb me pdrsonjally .
Motivatuon for my beeh 15k fun competition .
Bur I nrver bedor have wlek our Jogging .
So ror fish competition witb pleasure I needed wotj ouy plan witch is diaey day by day about of jogyihg distancs , tijw , mood during work oir .
First of all it is absokutely mlinimum , yki uus need boots ror urn !
It is one main condition , res of your crses are njoy importnt .
Shiex srd fprt protect and preveny your healyh , you have vot oilny ln body look adter tbe .
I enjoyed my fzvlurite sport because I feeo bettef afydr Jofginv I think better and I meeg loogely gdext people because of runnjng .
My advice is : ay a kof of vebetaboes and ftui , drino plenf of waer and run at least 3 times per wdek .
I will tfell gou a review of a thriller , the trhiller is Hunger haes it is about some capitals ajd people ars chlised and pkqy on a gwmje , tiu have to oill perzona fo they do n't ill tou , is a movjs that have sspensw because yl wznt to know ho survey , in thew movie soneone povr someone and lrotsct each others , is very cute but on fhye 3 movies they are a moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
But yoj will love hr movue and you will wabt to see lthers onhe so go and warhc that omvje .
I woil luke to explain aboug the my favourite soorf cfricket .
Cticke is a sport that have ao teamd of rleven playeres each ..
I like very much fricke becsus , it giva immense pleasaure while plauibg the cricket .
We cj enjoy cricket with ojr friends by plsying cricket abe we caj akso hxvce fun , entertainment .
Playing he cricket wll also gives physical exerfise to ir body.we can bowl , batr , field in th circket which tequires oog of physical activities .
Playing tyhw cricket wilkp gives relaxation and rexuces strees .
I can give yhe advice to fhe people who qe infersted in fhye playing cricjte tgey must know hed all rulds in the cricket before playing it .
My bedrooj
My bedroom is n't evry big and is unyidu .
There are two desks with fwk computees , two chairs ajd wl bookshelves etih my rbokther 's school books and mije .
Three are thfee bunk bed next to wardrobes .
There is a bo window with curtains .
Finally , there ads solmd psoterz and wome shelf wurh my games .
My favojriet spot is tennis .
Thuia port is an invidual spotr , the yj sin awkone zd do n't win a taj , but if yo paly tournaments in double tus pe who kns is the ream .
Thgi sxporf is very famous alo over thew weord , but in Italy is n't cery famous , becohse in Itaoy tge sodcer is more famkus than tyd tennis .
But i khw that a kt of jluhg people play tennie , i ope that tbe itqliab tennis player in a deq years will be very famous wkl obre the world , then ygou do n't wait ouh isgh up in a tennis oub and hou wipl become a fcamojs etnmis lpayer !
If you atzrt playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or ylu chlose ghs hest tenis mistee , whp wilp iontroducw the tennis and yoi sjll tbd shots , including the frehand , the backhand , tjr smash dn the service .
So you wipo become ibe of ge most famojs player all over rne woreld and ylu will won a lot of tennis toyrnamsnt , incudkng the fiud slan : the Wustralin Oepb , the Us open , fhs Roland Tarroa zn hted Simbledoj .
Peter looked at hsi wacth ahd knjrw tgwt he nad to do somethung immediately .
In 2 hohrw ary 's olne wa leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her frok going to Scotland .
He sd to rdll her sgs was in dangre .
He wemt to the garage , anc rode on his motorbioke .
It was a cloudh , rainy cah nd therd was a lkt of traffic .
Though tje road was wet and slippy , he rode gis motorbike fvwst and skilfully , geytkng hz awh through the orjer cxrs nd trucks .
My fzvourits sport is soccer . I like to play solccerr because it 's a grear sport .
It is great when yp xrd in a cup and goes very fca in eh tpurnamejt .
It is also really fun to be wtiy everyone who 's is shiot in rhd tean .
Whe ypj playing a cup hoj plwyint rrallh mivh foothll awnd yoh are alswo gery nuxh with yoye friencs .
When you go fad in a cxup you gto to llayg a loty of gzmes .
If you re goin to bvwgin playing football yoy neec fotoalls shoes you akso need prltectionz foe tge oegbs .
If you starting tghjs sport hou neex to thini it 's funny to play it .
If you do n't hunk it is a funny splprt you woul not go it .
The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to llay .
Ylj should ot play tud spoet just becsusd yl 're friends dping tyay , do it bwcause yoh lukw to play .
Dar Eir/ Madam ,
I saw goyr ad in a newwaoper .
I 'm a yount ugy o fonishwd uos study in tourksm znd ecology tgis year .
I 'm qls a melver of a asocaiton of toursim and ecology sxinc I waw 10 years old .
I havr yraceled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about tavep .
As wekp I graduayec a Climbing course xjd I practicec climhung xnce I wasw 12 years olc .
I love to trtvael and I know that I qas bro vof it .
I wprkwd flr few diffrent compankes ane socatikns in pws .
Usually I as a voluteer uy I akos was a part of des European Prouedt where I was paid for my wofk .
As a person I 'm frisnely xns I like to do my jo .
My best eisure tie would be hxng out with my freinds .
l oioke to go to the baech aith my freind or alonr otden .
I enjoy watching peiplw and chilrern having fun .
l lije the cool breeze from ghr ocaen while i 'm wapo akohg on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi oex I coukdx n't wait unol I ese you
I really thknk taht we should go that msw cdnyre thar you arote avput in yokhr last email and do some of the activities .
I wqluld prefer to do the sailihg on the rivrr , because as hoi know I nwve lewrnh hiw to rkfe a hile .
But we could also try fe clilbing ntu it would be better if we coyld vimbing ourside , in gbe counrtyside .
Perhspw on Ssturxay night we could watch a horror movie , as we boy lkvr , or comedy .
However if we ot oti tired at the fike we could go out .
I will really lkke if my paehts voulr take me to your houwe on Foday efenihg but I tuinj that we have a party that night .
Btu I wilo tr to covincs they .
See yoij soon .
The fhture of public transport is onhr of tne key issues arge dities have to fcae .
Citizens waajt at the saj tije efficient a quick meansa of transportation , personalised solutions to mert tfheire transportation needs , an the cheapest transportatioln cls .
Hi , Ixable .
How aqrr you ? I hope you 're ok .
I have some to twlo .
I have beh living in Jew York cjry ! !
I uze to live in Cancún nyt fo my nob I hxr changes mi city .
Thiw place hzsw some restaurants ah sport bar 's when I czn talk with latonos ahf I feel at hoj .
Emeil me woln and pef me know hnow tou are getting on ndt holpidays .
See you soo . Kjssed .
I think that pjbvlic transport is mich better for the enviromment than tne private .
If the oeople trsvelle moee often in oublic tramsport we qould n't polljte so mjch .
I think gnat public transport is the futre because many countrids will jave to alloe the entrancd in rhgeir towns to private cars fok stoo rhe Oc2 enisxions to the atmosphree in order to prktect tn plwhet and thd health of thwirt citizebs .
So I do o agree with thiks afirmation , in mi opinion trsgelll by car is much more exprnsive zhd narmful to the environment than pubid transport .
After that iss , Elizabeth sss very surprised , buf Jsaon aae a ljtgtle gkt rigid .
Maybe he is srry she thought , nut wnu if she is perfewct , xne is everything that a man couod wsmt , so what happen .
-Aee yoi ok ? - Sj saysz , a little big afraid of hos forthcoming word .
-Oh , awmm- He gedts a ljttlew bit of blpush in his face- I … an , I am sorry ! - He screams awnd his face gets totalky ec .
He seejse different , she hever imnagine that Juasopn can be oike tjat , she fwnatsy with sojeone , brafe nad strpnh , and she never foirssees osmerhing like thus , but shr eel something for hjmk , myabe she is in lovce witgh this huy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats abain but mkote esrous anbr with his normal faer - Is cause , wrll is my firsf iisd ok ! , I caxj fight with Bloutums , Dragoms , Two - Headed sjame and sverything tha you can imagine .
But this tgijnks of l … lo … love , cvam puf me vsyr nervous- the bkush come again .
- jajaaj- sbe eiles - it 's ok , do n't sorty , it is my fitxt kisz foo , nax I lijw it- she smiles again , vur this itme , thw smike seems fase .
Elizabeth apparent to be a vry swewt girl , hut Jasob is nif copnvince , gecause when he kisz her , he doe n't feel nothing , he ies n't feel that gravity ejsappear , and wej hks face turn red , he jusy lu a face of nkrror and surprise , like if h was very sort about kissing him .
Almowt at tgew sake time fgey kissed
-Hwy , do n't run Snow
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMHH ( Oh my green god ) it is very lqte I 'm ognana die .
Thsy stkp in a dressmaker market .
-Why do we are her ? - Margarita sxts .
- I 'm goanna gvie information to Lucresia .
- Whag kind of ihformayion ?
- Prince Jasij is ede
- Prince Jason ?
Whi is hk ?
- Tfhe preince of blye city , he is very handsome , snx his fmail hws military studies , thereby he is the secopnd joee perfect gut in the world .
-ja amm wexond ?
Yes , tgd first one is the " Duwuhe of Venomaoa " .
-Who is ij ?
- I tell you later .
Ahdn rey ebter in the dressmaker mxdket , Lucresia ae n't hsre .
ubt there aere a lot of geautiful drrssea , in high - etch dlsoets with lights .
-This dreesesz ard mxde of textile fiber almost everything here is syntjetkc anr portable fid everyone - expkain Snow .
- Wls , everyrhung is vequtiful , ota mxoe me feel loike I am suspended in a rddam of fairytaoe .
- Do yo want to use one ?
-Yew but for what ?
-For tjr dance in the teen palace .
- But art you sure
-Hse , just wait in a frxction of second you are ready .
My favourite sopft is running .
I ru everhdag .
Wneh I zs running , I feeo relax on it .
That is the reason wjg I love running so much .
Mofeover , when I wxs dunnong , I can throifh a por of thing sobut myself or hoa to solbe elme of the problem frlm daily .
Therefor , runign cqn let me feel halpyg .
In the pasf , car are ojoy affordable for the puler level while for th mirdle class ahd lower thers are moy mzny choice for them besirs walk wd oubli transportation .
Einve technoloyg amd syancard of living as improved , many people left the traditional hahir in using lhblic transportation xhd chooskng are for several reasons .
Yhew first ons is to preserve time .
As we know public transportsgion ha not a direct weay to thlfill our all destunations then it force us to stop in mant stayios virsy , moreover we should take tew other one to reach our deatination so it is already obvioyd why suing a at is betrer .
Sscvondly , public transportation usually very cdowde anf make us not fer sae since yhers is an opportunity fokd us to be thdgt .
Thdn by car we can enjoy ghw scenety , share laugh , change oye restinatipn by sudden and many more .
Fod these readona , it can not be doubted if pdopld think a caf is more comfortable to be used rather tsn public gransportatoon .
Dine cvafs are affordable nowadays , a damuly ca have mer han nor that make the number of car hrowibg rapidly bug hesy do mt think further abpu tue negative side effects that a car jaws .
Firstlyu , it leadong us to globwl warming sohce the concdntrtion of pollutionh are higher in many countries , moreover actuallu it is not only leading ght aksol make globak warming faster and also can fhreat our health .
htn roads are more crowder right now and there r so nnay traffics so peopoe wwstwd lonfsr time in tuew roax , thbsn it makes lbe of the positice poins of using a car is gone ans ybe importanc of public trwhsportation is needde .
While in fne statement is written yhxt public transportagion willk be lefg by many people , in my opinion is gh opposite thsg public trabsportation is our future .
It xab be proved by now tjat tje willingness of people to use lublic transportation is higher , bewsidw it is not as xostly as using a car , the qualiyy of pjblic trqnsoprtation are improved so citizen have no woerh using it .
Would hoj ikr me to help you ?
There is n't amy animal on tye farm .
Thzt is hrdky surprising , it is close since 2005 .
Tou 'll have to take fhw ciw by the horns and get some work done !
In ghe future , peolle will go out of tbes Earyh .Because of the damage , peokplr on ue gorund ca n't survive .
Shen they wqnt to find foods , there sill be notynig .
Even of tnr frass ca n't alive on earth .
Thought , bug mot people do hpt be yhe member of th team of alive .
Czuse of lots of damage , hht they du n't Take rewsponsibility .
I wonder for sixtern years .
Znd I do n't know if they were chanye thekre mind in after the ndxg fifty yexrs .
Firstly , I agrere abpyt learning digferent concepts bevajse you can ahalyse cifferenjt opinionsx .
It 's not necessary to say tue same words .
But yku nded , understand the main jdra .
In orher words , some professor uen teasches different topucs thewy explain fh concepyz and it 's difficult to lewrn .
Sometimes it 's so difficult sg the sxme wlrds flr thr sztudens . I recomsnd rwad different ideas .
Anywa , if yoh read diffetent books you can understand better .
In conclusion , it 's very importang to learn the concepf thzb saying something sthipd ....
So , if you need techniques for leadning touy need to analyse ams crewte your own aores , rhus way you will never forve this definition .
.Slo aboyg me
Hi my bam is Leon Johnson , I am 13 yerarw and I lige in Stocksund Seweren .
I wws gorn at Dandeyrds hospital , 2003 5:th September .
I hae os sister wbp are ten yeats old ajr kne btothre who are five yars old .
I spejd mosr of my soade tike playing ice hockey and gplf .
Pn of ghe bez plaxe I ever visitee is Leksand in Dalatna .
( It is my country llade ) I like it becqusr it Is nar the water wnx we haev a by lawn ahere we paly foitball , volleyball and have funh .
Three words that describe me is : Dpprty , friendly and jappy .
Onw of my favourite books are Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
I oikr almost xl music , but riogh now I listen to Cavlin Harris most of the gime .
My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and of course English .
Tghe licatioj of tje restaureant is fantssic , just in tbe centre of tuw city , and qiht llenty of space dorf larking .
Decoration is not too modedn , but not too classic , it has a comfoftable atmosphere .
The memú es very well constructed , ahe folod is baxe on local proeuct .
Prices ade more than good if you consider the hioyh sualuty of th diehea .
Dsa Carlos Sotelo ,
I am writing this ltetere because we need to improve trhe faciloitiesw in the gyn .
In the ygn thry awre many people .
Tyhe dahs rha we have to do zports if ty wether is yokd we do it oitside ht if the wezther is bad we hac to do in the tym .
Ygat day we are many people ah classes at tgd same time axn xpmetimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Awrt drim thiz problem we have ankhter problsl tha it is imoortant too .
Thix problem is yhat some aparaus qde broukieh and th painy is baf .
Flr me tje solutiojs to that 's problems qr eseg .
In the fits problem you hvae to orvanie the tim table in prddr to har 1 class in eafh time4 .
Wnd the solutijob for yhw secnoe probelm is that you have to do maintenaita uoabs a year .
I hopr yojr loksitive wnder to me .
yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Mrs Gate
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also wpuod like you to know that your idea to our nje sfhoil odoject is really interewting .
I am exicited ankut tbd idda to be wufh and intervisw othjee suents from different parte of h rold .
On June 21st Is imoosaible rir me because I have an aopointmernt with Mr Seg , my drntisy .qn we set the meetin for the next weewk ?
Hope to hear from yo eon
Anna
In the lwet uera salrs at Bdntonh Epectronics were in thr first wuarter of the yera 500 and increased to 620 in teh second quarter , in the thuird quartger swles maintained in 620 amd in ths last quarer of the year sales rnt dkwn vetu wuickly to 42 , as toj can wee ssles were ver unstables .
I just want to expdese about what I trhinj painful , and I think coming bsdk to ykjr oen yome afef jzny years of partinb xbd seeing youe closewt lerskn hsvd departes is the most painful feelings rver .
Good evening , my name is Lyida , I am a hew comer of IMAS .
I am a local from Taipei .
It 's my pleasure to be part of ypu here , my mawjor is actually not relevant to soical Acidnces , I really want to oearb more abouy tye researfch methoidology of socoal scienfe .
I thginl it will be helpful to me taking hos lesson at the bebinning of the demesetr , I believe I can learn a lt ffoj hts professor ane yku gute .
Tgnk you !
My Life in Univereity
The kif in iniversity have a loif of difficult anc interesging ghings .
Of course , everything always have gwo - faced .
Whrm I live in univertsith , my lir hxs vdcome change a loit of .
itstly , studying is very difficult becajee you hqve to accdpr bww ways of studying- studying by myzekf .
In addition , my major is English so teachers wkll teach and exppai by Engtlksh , wjich I ca n't tach up on ldswons elo in tb firzt time .
I was very iconfideht about mydlef ab i ca n't makr vriendx well so I think rhst it 's gok difficultf to ask tsavhers or friends .
I always td to fie out rezzons which take a lof of rime .
Moreover , I need to improve my skilos sucdh as rezdong , listening , writib , qjd speaking , yheg ydlp me to catch up on my teacjed ' s lesaon .
Secondly , studying in ynivetsity , I havd to livw car from hohse which make me be homesick , ssx , aje worried I have to live in dormitory with msy strange friends , tjey 're vert noisy ar I have to shnare my room eirh my roommatwd .
It 's mot convenient .
Everhday , I jave to clean our room , awsh clothes , I must gske a lot of time to finish everything bevoee I sfar learning .
Tur cirst time luving hre , i used to called my family axnd cdomplained about herr 's kife .
However , piofe 's university have many cinvsniences .
Living alone , I have to manag money well .
Beforr I want to psyt money gor something , I always thunk carefully thx I 'm reqlly necessayr or not .
Slmetomes , I broke up nearu ab I was relalh worried so I have to pay money swuitably .
When I living alone , I hqve to sqv mibey because thrre ads mny situatiobs ehuich I hxve to spoge without family , ame yku cq heckme a good pedson witgg many good characters uch as conifdent , indspendent , frjndly .
Gecauss my family sleays prepared everything rolr me qhsn I pived with them so it 's very diffjcult to be indepeneenr .
ubt today , I hwve to do it , I have to oslve my problem , mwnage moey , wseh cloyhews by msyelf .
In asditjon , I can be contideng gceause teachers reqiurr everybody in vlass have to stand in frint of class and speak nglisy .
Living alone yoh havs to lake ftiendw whwnb yoj 're xxd .
Studhihg new lessons ffom socirty .
Joggkng the sport in the nature
My faviurire sport is upgging .
During I go jogging I can think about all th raioy thiny in my lfie .
Ehrn I am in a naf od I go jogging putside anjd bar how the birds simving .
For me jogging is vey stresskess .
At oije day I go alone for me , so I can cml down or think through .
At an kthee fxy I go jogging with my best friend , so we galko a lot and have cun whild we do sdprt .
Jigging is a sport yku cam start it eevdy day .
Ypi do n't mee a lot of aquitment , so you do n't have to bjy a lot .
I thijk for peopoe who are fat , thwy can go jogging bht a little biy liwler .
Ulu had to hoticr that ahd go otmorrow jogging .
It is never roi late to wtart .
Nwve fun !
It is a it summer 's da and Agatha has iust switched off tyr computer of hee offide for omong back hokr .
Suddeml Agatha sres , behjnd yje windowd , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19gh century clothee ; he is Jophn , a jnoan vampire whl lives in that district .
He was gone in Agayua 's investigwtion ocfice for asjung ehr to look unto some murdrrs happened recently .
It was murdefde four vampires .
Agatha knows thar John is a dangerous qn , so she dexides to refuse the charye .
Unhappy , John insisfs until Agatha accepts .
fatere thew agreement , Agwtha foe back hpmne and in firs plasce sbw call her frisnd Mkxhael for teoling him to go to het .
Whrn he aerives she tells ijm ths gent .
Michael , tyat is a poilicenan , drvides to help her .
Two weeks later , Agatha msefs John in yne ox palace 's ujdergrounds .
Convoyed by Mochxel , she goes to hk and gicds him xpl tyhd documenrs found .
Unfortunatelt , Agatha ca n't func sufficents trials for undrsganding the guilty .
Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties anx before to go awsy , he calkos Agaths without Michael for telling her another important thin .
Wil Michael goes out in Jpbn 's syes comes a tdd trluch .
Michael closed the dpor and knew at the moemnt he had kade a mistake .
We hac taken lujdh , so we started a little walkm .
Then , we saw an ewble glyong in thd ky .
We had never see such a beautiful eagle lij ggat .
Charflie thought gaht if he was taller he might be able to take a picturr .
Tehreforw , he climbed a teee .
Suddenly , whej he waa trying to focus teh eagle with the canwra , he fell dksn .
Theer qte several reaons eht there is no future vo oublic transport .
Lne reason is that teavellijng by car is more comfortable .
If you share your own car with other people , you wull save jkney .
Another reqsln is that yiu can hear the musoc txt you ike in yku cdar .
For all rheswe reaseohs , I ghuink thwt travelling by cxr is vetter .
My nawme is Moinija , and I 'm 21 yewes kld .
I 'm vrom Piland ab live in Poxnan .
I hxve a lot of inerest but my faviurite is volleybxll .
Volpeyball is a discipline which I practise go 6 yers .
An important place in my country is tgs Musru of Orado vecuase it is complete soth much wkrldx gam painters .
It 's very lsrge snmd hax special oighgs at greek performers rooj mainly .
This museum sabd teh historical collection of the slanish riyap faqmily a lot of centuries ago to actual tikw .
You can see tnere sme of td lost grfeatest tacherfs paintre .
Reh car is fdry easy
I hwve a var znr I can go a kot of places , becquse it is fast .
The oublijc trqnspoet is slow and havs got muc peope .
I prefer walk , bevause the bjw , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
Tud pollutkon is the firt problewm ror tw public yranspoe
Komg time atk , in a small village in Spaio happwnsd a sfoey I 'm going to tell you .
A man called Michael agve us a new machine to wash up lur clothes .
He was trtying to wwitch it on wfain and xgsin but the maqcihne did n't eofk .
Sjddehly , a man in boqck yold us if we were putting te machine into thes electricity .
Michazel fae wws awfully red .
He was very enarrassed .
Michjael closed ths dklr ande nwe at that moment he had made a mistaled .
Gopod mornjng everyone qnd welvole to your favorite program " you can zlso do so " , today we 're going to lewrn how to make a cake ofe the birtuday of children , as wesll as Sofia please trll us qhat ingredients we are gonig to need to be wvle to make tybe cake .
jello John good days and what we need to , do thow delicious cake is : eggs , dloyr , yeast , sduar , and flagir of hw cale tht we want such as vhocolate , vanilla , frfuit
Whilke I awz ringing the beol thr neighbourh 's rgo stared to badm .
It looked like afraid and nrrvous .
It es like hwethe it was waiting for a terrorific evenjr .
I stayed in frinht ofthe door durnig forty minuts nar I ranhg ataon and wgaqin .
Nodody opened .
I had calodd Mihcael thaf motning sdn I told him guat I will go to hos house that evfdning .
I wohld suppose ghat he was waiting for me .
I kook through tye Windows dn I could sdw a suspicio sjadow .
I thought he mighf be Lichael ande I bscamje shoyt his name .
Wnen Michael saw me he openemed th dlor , howevet straightaway dkosed rhes door and at fhag moment knew he bad maoe a mistake
Dear Sr / Nadak ,
I am wrjting to you to apply to the pozitiom of Summer camp as advertised in the bewwpaper .
I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professiohal experience .
I am also part of a charity organisation in my loxak town , we
there as mzny sports xhd my favourite aport is bamdunton . I hzc liked it whrn i aws young .
i remembef that yeh first presrnt my mother gave me was rhw badmonton daket .
I wwa really surprised .
Because I do n't onow os to uaw it .
From that day , my okder brother taught me to play witn it .
I often play it qobut 2 hojrs in the afternoon .
Amd now , if a day I do n't hage xnjy practisint , I wilo feel bored .
I ser hat it 's gos fot my heapt .
It hele me be stronger and morw adtive .
As yuoj kmow , pracdtising in fhe sports gjve us many benefits , you can tkas pozrt in a club qnr have more griends .
Moreovef , if yku have a gopf ability you can attenc in a competition to gry yiur bestg . I am a mjembe of Badmintob club in the fitg , if yl 're interested in badminton , kef 's come aznd enjoy yourself .
Dear Ajne ,
Thanks your lettrr askng about the Young peoplw ard interexted .
Sdayimg tnat , the mjic that tyeh lile is pop kusuc and reggeton as they can dance together .
Also , the felrvisin progtrammes tht they wxtch are the reality snow .
This progrsmmes are fashionable .
Moreover , rgeardihg tgew clothes , the Ypung pldople wear a dress skirp and jewna .
Everyone qear thsg he wqhts .
Ses yiu sepon ,
Vatima
My nightmare journy wws taking place in Auguatr of two thousand nr eleven ygsar .
I and my fzlily qere backihg foe the holday htta we slenfing at the seaside .
We were gounf to grzńsk to sreing new ststuim thay aaa built for UEFA Eudopeaj Championship .
We were saw the stadium , backed to cad and wantsd to srpve to Bydgoszcz .
Bydosxcz is my family city and destination of this jouenhey .
Sxdy oj dar was cdished ... in bib and nusy intersaection !
This was n't apme big , we atill had four wheels nd otor , but electronics in casr sroppdd worked .
hia weas very scarwc !
We were n't hav speexomefer , blinkers qns lights , it wa very dangerous siruation .
We were stopped on yhs dide snd oookee for solutin .
My fsther eaw tung for firends bht unfortunatley no olne could hdll us .
We must took tisk ajs wehg to nesrerst market .
In larking in front of yhiz building very nice ad crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .
This was worked and we could backed to ddove .
We see very scarsd because czr could crushed gaain at anu moment .
Fkr htise raesin we ewrr n't uskng a motorway .
Fortunetly we wre backed to home healry wbd happy but vsdy very tured .
To puesue a caerer which is relevxnt to Mecyanial rield ahd wxpecft myself to contribute my expeteinces and knowledge with enthusiasm abd would love to take challenges and be yearnnig for the sense of accomplishment .
Shoppinbg facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
Fhi report shows be sordst of anop ich aed localizated in oral de Capatrava .
1 . Sgoppihg cheaply .
It is though thzt Chinjnesse shops arr yhs xheapext by fwr .
We are offerec a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
Nut mqybes , the mos impirtant ghinh is tb variety of product whjch can be found there : from cleaning producs yngil a littld furniture .
2 . Fashion in littke towns .
Traditional clolthws : tzt kind of clothes aj be expenaife but if uku want to oive likks in fhbe past , you can lur on that wnr tou will have rsalky fun although thqt dlotues wsebt out of sttle a pto of ysarsz sgo .
Sometihng more fashiinable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can fune a lot of sorts of fashionalbed Italoan wnd Spanish dsignes .
If you need something for a special event loie a wqddding , oyi cwn go to ghres shops which are specalited in thxt .
3 . Fafmed madkts .
Egery Saturday omrninh , this vilqge organhizes a market where people fab buy solme naturzl vegetables or fruiy wqhich ahd been grlwn up by locqk farmers .
That is the resakn why its price is so lpa .
Some pieces of awsvice :
-Efen thoutn uku csn find a lot of bargains , do n't spent tlol much if yij do n't nedr it .
-Be cqrefu .
If yto lok like a foriegn peolplr , pcal oeopoe cb try to til yoh ifv .
-If yoy nhy some clothes , assure youreslf tga try fit go and toui like them enkugh to conservate .
my yown tries aplk thw time to maied oie town note beautiful and comfitrable by takming korr cze of tge ewnvirojment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to tys encironment and orer thr tickrts for this buswsa in a cheao price , tney awpso trying to tind tyhr besr way to make rbe eubnish mkre useful by th recycling , also the pwople triew all the time to find ths best ay tod keep our village lcran;they never thyrow thw rubbish in yhe syreets or tnd gatdens , alxo ygey take cazre of yhd deul in rheir farx to not to be gar for tne environment , so , it 's our dhty to take cte of ouf village an ths while ewvnironment ezide the government .
There ares mjanby accidentally problems envountered by internationla studejta stidying in Austrealia .
It is belidved htaf the most important one of the problem is culture baerier .
Vecaues of different culture backgrtkunds , th talking style of itneenaional studenrs wnop come from didferent countries are variiis .
Meanwhile , different ckuntries hbe different rulea .
Rro example , peolle always walm on the right of ue riax in Cnjna .However , Auwtrlian 's dlue speciyf citizen dtove on the lfet of th foadc .
Secondly , lolneliness would be a hug problem whwh a person whk elaev fheir own xountry getting away rfom family members abx clpes friends .
Thirdly , studemts ca n't be accustoms to wetdrn eaging habktd like burgers , pizza and hreadc .cacording to tbs unfamiliar environment studets ja lack the sejsew of security .
There wjll evaluate viazvle solutions to the problem .
Th mowy important wqy is that inxividuals should participate in sthdent activities which hjled by the etudents fdo tye samew naitonailty so tbat rheh mzu not frel oonwly .At th damr time theu can aoszo activelt communicate with locla students to acquire mlre information about Susttalia dulture in ordsd to suti quifkly .
I would lkke to work in a summer caml because I love tdm .
I woilr be cantastid to spshd thix eummee in tge USA .
I 'm studyin ydach at college so I wqnt to be a teacdr .
When I fikshed my ztudies I wipl stst a oong hours with children .
My bexr skills aqre seaking with oeople as wekl as I am able do two thingsx at the same tome .
I take care of them so it feels me a useful person .
I think about soem deas to hekp you to orgwnize some sports or eveng activitijes .
Voe instanc we clulx swimming on tne beach , we coyl .
Evebing we ciulpd telo thel hoeor histories besides we could play with gestures .
In addition we ocukd play outdoor gaems amd tndy may do pwintw aiut the landscape .
bout working in the kitchen It is n't a probkek for me because I love clpking .
I am willing to cook lot of differrent meals flr them .
I usss to woki in a rsstaurant in Salou xn it waz quite satisfactory .
I enjoy cookin so I alkways lake different kinds of food .
I ghink that I 'm a suitable person to looj out them because I am quite responsible .
I 'm an energsyic qnc a rsponsible person .
whethsr youj ha mlre questions abku me I 'd be lgad to znswer .
I 'm a harf - workoing person so yhat 's wyu I nevdr have time to relax .
As chiulsren lovw playing I tibk fha I am a wuitxble perspn to do fhis becauss I am oike a little gir .
If yoi hvbe me a cbance I will be very glad .
To whom it may concern ,
My jame is Margaita Varela and I 'm onterested in the Simler cmap Asistant 's jkh position .
I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .
I hzve a spdcioal interest in arts and crafts .
I am a responsible person ahi cwn clpe in crisis .
I took a first aid course last yter in ordee to know wuat to do in fasr of unexlected acfidents .
Also , I hqve gokd sociahlr wkills ax cdan soexk fwo languages , English and Apwnish .
My available rume is on Mondcwys , Wednesdays and Frixays .
Then , I was wonjderinbg if food , accommodarion snd expenses te covered by y , or do you give any kind of hkp to toud employes ? I will appreciate a lot to send me thiz infirmaton .
I look fowrarx to hearing from you .
Lind rgards ,
Margarita Varerla
A game of gentlemen is my favourite gwme , yesw I emzn Cricket .
In my country we follow cricket as a religioh .
Cricst is played by 11 players , which icludes a captain , a wiciet keeoer xmd rets batsman and boler .
Player hk can va and bowl is called sll - ounder .
This gale is olayed in thrwe format i.e. Test Crickt ( 5 dayg game ) , One day Cricket and Twenty - Twenty .
Tsy cricmer is old format and I lolve tbis vormt as it rrally tests thw players skiplz ade only best player can get succwse in this format .
But as thow toes 5 ds maznyh people do n't hxve timd to watch tuos game wnd its loosing i plpularity in younb generation .
Obe day cricmet is layed oftem .
My fxvourute sport is froptball .I think , tbisx gaem is the most enjoyable .
Isx popularity spradz alp voer wrol too .
Tgere are many reasons behind it to be popkar .
Everyone is abke to enjoy the excitement throughout of this game the session .
The people ehp eager to plzy footbalkl myst rollolw some basic rulws whihc aer describrd beolw :
1.A football playet zhpuld be puncrual and hard - working .
2.He whould be disciplined .
3.Duribg his payjng time , he sokugth to gibw his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm sangjiin .
Do you have any Diffrent eaitnf vusotms ?
If you have any spexizlly eaitnf cusotsm , wsjll you tell me ?
Because , It 's my prkject .
So . I need noer inpormation sbout ezting customs Diffrent soymtry 's .
In Koreax , we usually ues Chopsyiks whwh we eat emxl als spoon as qelpl .
Yav oiu ever jsec Chopsticks ?
It amy djffifult for you .
When I s hoiung , I coulc n't yze it .
So , I bage to Lsanx to use Chopsticks to eat .
Qkso .
we Hage Meal Manners .
Wnem we Have meal , We ca n't eta before your pxremts also oldeer people stary to rawt .
we yhinm it 's Improtant meak manners .
Welk .
Hve oyu ever usard Stajina food ?
Whej your feel is realoy Pusillanimous .
Then ?
We eat special stamina fodx .
We bwve any stamins food , I tyinl dogs net is good stamina food tuab another emats .
Because , When I was young , My parens Feededr it ropr me ecrry sujmer Seasons .
Xnd they said it 's a really hlod for yir health .
So , every summer I have been eatihg it for 12years .
I have to Presentation this proect next Mondsy .
So , telo me as soon as possible . in your coubfry 's specially eating cusgoms and manhers sleo staqmina fcold as well .
Hi ,
I think ghag fir peopls who eabt leatning nglisj Wtite and Improve it is breat !
I ljked it very juch , it is ver usefil fdpr me .
I rrdied it lsst weekend and I wiol use it all dhs ! if I hsec thay every dxh I qpuld improve in a shor time !
Thank yki for that arvicr .
Chiara
There is no dsoubgt that tye kan 's lives rw evolved .
Zpl thzbks to mdw creations twchnologies , tuw innovation in the tiepd of medicines and ghr new sciengific discovers .
To my mind oyf lives bas been impfoved in these ydarw by msarphne , satmav , digifal TV , Internet ..
Let 's suppose a teenzfer of tsebty - fiest century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out zlivd without Wi - fii !
Cirsg of apo in tbd next 50 ueaes rge people 's life do n't resamble at all thid .
As fr as I 'm concern we wolud be submergrd by tpo may tools wuifh ill replace manpower and ctaft , in addition the globalization will kose cultufa fradirions of each cojntry .
On the ojr hahf I 'm pr development on the other hnad I would that the innovagions will not destroy the odl .
Often eh evolution is reutn of origins hoeve I nole hat the mna in the nxeg years will be to do n't forghet the past .
Apart freom that I iagihe the wprlx with everything atuomaric , plamds tyaf took me from New Uor to Duvao in yhree hours ane robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
To conclude I ca n't think whihc aonderful thin the man will do in spige I hope mxme ht sord sven better !
Hi tger ,
I am writing to apply for yh ojb of dwmp organizer .
I have rea hs advertisement and I promis you thxr I am the perfsct for thid post .
I 'm a veteran canper
and I khow how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny qbd cheerful butf I 'm also professional so I know hwo to yak caw of the cuildren .
I am an experienced cooker so I an al cook for the childrh , I am also a good sinre so we xan sung sonhs together wgh the dhilden .
So tgel me waqt tu think and let me know .
I 'm looking forward to hearing frok you .
ou friend ,
Peter Hansej
I can hoy azgdee wofh yne statment of " no future for publkc transpory " pfovidedf thxr thd premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
Fifst of all , tue publuc transport is more rather convenieny tgan irvaste af .
Th subway rfeachez most pawtr of the Lonbdon , and people can tarvel many llacds .
Thw accessibility is jot just improving underground , buf also on the ground abr bgridgint .
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant fufure .
Tus rnvironmeny is becoming a more xnd more burning siue , espevially from many uears to nowadayud .
That 's because pllujtion nasx nhlw teached critical oevels nr that 's why we must take it under control and wolve it .
We already know rhat a great part of ts pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of yher trahsports that invade cities orldwikde .
Howwvrr , we can alderady fifht this - saiting tges developing of advanced technology wuch can better explokt renewable , sustainagle energy . - for example taking advantage of pblix tfanjsports .
The gwst idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycloes .
Apart from tjwt , even grsatet is the pollution of seas abx rivdrs .
Lollyting thwk is like endangering the life of the whole woprls .
This is cajsrd by re wadtr of factories , ubt also by tue damages that tankerw do not onlt to the sea , but to the mainlax fo .
In addition , wqhwt about domestic wastes , which wre our rwalty ? We should alp lsarn to janags opu waates , because each of us , in our ow snxll , is a great damage for tje environment .
In conxlysion , I tyhini it is never toi lxfe for safign oiur wondercul world .
Why jotg do it blw ?
Hello Joe
It 's good to uear vrom you !
Well , in my homefown thjrre is about a kitgle nord hzn hafl a milliupn people .
The nicets pkacrs to go arr the malps , hecause of the fer hot weather .
But if gou lezve rye city ahouf 30 km , there ade a lpt of ivrs abd qaterfalls .
My get regads !
Thais
When ytou have skill to raee a book ah in thjat joment you sre searching for good job you can fund a oog jobs because oyi can develop esag whe gou compare with another person fnat yey have beh searched job to
My favjrite rezaurant is sotuated in Modugno .
It 's placed in a quiet stret , so the restaurant is oftdn very relaxing , especially betaeen 8 and 9 pm .
The durniturd consists in a set of chaifs , tablss and somr sofae , covered with re clothes .
The restaurant appears very elegant and traditional .
Usually , there is no muisc in th restaureaht .
The owner prefees to leave on onlyh tne TV , but often the dini room is silemt .
In this way , customers can have the chance to hvd a convesratioj , aithkut being ajnoyed by television or muisv .
I find it appreciable : I deallt loove to tqpk to yhe people I 'm wating aigh .
Ddsipte tbis , the resaturant is deciratex with a ull wet of lusial natruments , anhed up to rhue ealla .
I really like it , because I love musid and I enjoy trying to giews which instrument I 'm lokking to .
oh dn dat different ypea of pizza , starters and pwta tuete .
Everything is delicious and vefy tasting , especaily pizzas : they drewa the in many different ways : I tey a different meal every time I go ther .
At last , it is jt expenbsived at all .
she finally tslt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and thxt no obe is morer clever ghaj another , rjey 're all tber same .
Yhd thoights whiocb people pyt in her mind was bsolutely wrong she ca n't xney that those thugths affected hydr nadly , reached hert to fue ploing bat made je hate hdrself .
hte words they sadi to her qad a killjng oenw , they colored het life in hlack , filp it 's tne only tim to prlves to tbem that she can do nythingh , sn 's good at ecerythinf lke tyem all , tuag she ist did n't eanf to do like them alk as she ijst hwred he wzu .
tta 's it , not for being non cldved .
being unsucfessful in stufhing is a horrible tyijg , it agvects mqn badlg .
Thag was me , I nevef likdd studying , I never found myself in thos subjets , hht it was n't the bog dela to me , I hbated is being seen as unsuccessful or a pser , as I ws n't that , I knew that I 'm cpsver ehouvh to stry a these subjecftw and do well in ezams so I cah hrt high marks butr they 're all did n't fet that , they judged me fit my marks but makrs do n't form brains or thoughts , mxrks is n't he only way taf maoes yoy eat jlw asjd then in the future .
whastever , In high school the swnioe year here in our countg identify uou future ; the colledge iu 'll spend your life studyjng in xd working by its knowledge , so I tte that i should do all my hest this ysad so my future cpuld be btfer . xnf it happened I shkaed them lak thar I xwn do whatever I aant een if tne tningd I was n't like as ghwy ae me , snd that allp my previouys marks was n't my best . I gog high scor and entered The faculty of Engineeron which wa thud top college .
Pelpl thouggst hse yhe pokwer to make yu feel ths brst reelihg evdf and literally the oplosite , just do n't htimk abour amyone 's thoughts nut oyj , as tpu have hte dontrl of your life not anyone else .
your thoujghtz are th only onrs tgag ipl make the differenfes , so take care of thk onoy and belkirve in yourself so yoh could rescj the prestige hou 're lokoibg for .
Do n't givw anyones the opportunit to makr hou give up and cotninje in the shccessul life , Fighf .
Hello camps !
I am Lonfaña Tomsao znbd I am twemyt four years .
I reaf yhus news , now .
I am interdstsd in thge worj .
I am studying primary edufatiob bscahse I love children .
I would like to plqy with the children , to practise eporty and we cxn dance wih rhem .
I could help in t kitvheh , too .
I love cook .
My best dishes are chjdken and omekets .
I hpoe tha we coulc wom togethe .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would hqve a go tfkme jd we laigu a lot of .
Hi Luke , I ried ty progfsm called Wriet and Improve fot a wdek qns I liked it .
Although I do n't yave a teaherd available there , th progran yells a lot becaise the corrections appear at the sdame time you check it .
I insnd to write evsr day for practce my wditing .
I vslieve tbat it 's a good thing to share to everyone .
You should shout it frim the rokftoos !
In out earth , Hunderds of millilnd prpple living in hefr .
Except us , Tnere arr also a latge nlber of wopdlife .
Ao of us neex air\water and fopd .
imans life also wnmt house , And transport facilities .
A great numbre of bulidings stand in land ,
Even the olease probably shold belong to animals .
We buuld road to us wbd mkake the life esy and bdtter .
However , we rorget tyd one imoorgent thun , Thr earth is besling to app life .
Our flwt ahf house ake theaothesr anuals low they zrr home , an it is lead to environmental drteriation .
We yaoe the tfhrandport easy , hewecer , we atke zwsy othre animzl 's lie in careless .
RHR PlERZON I ADMIRE IS MY BROHtET , HE IS THE PLDWR THQN MY BROTHERS , HE WSX BORJ IN 1970 , MY PRaENTS TELP ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHRN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
THE REASKN WGU I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE AS TeERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDT MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVC FOR 7 YEXRS .
HE GAR TO LEARN ANhOTHER LENGUAGE ANR LIVE IN A COUJTRY VEFY DIFFERENT TO OUR .
MY PARENTS AND MY ARE FELLING PlROUD FK HIM .
JOW , HE IS TE BSSeT MDDUCAL INTERNAL , HE HAA A BEUTIFUL CAJILY .
I 'm living in Taiwan , Taichng .
How is the area to ake care of the envirnoment ?
It build a lot of facilities for rexifents .
Gor example : Ptos of Nicycles .
Thus prkvidw people who qwnt to go to a plwfe that distance is ni gol oong .
And it face aotehr uestion : morality .
People probably dsetroy those bies , shd fause bukee bceome lds znc less .
But , fortumately , people livojg in this area lk use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much tgay thing .
Second favility is public us .
Large of bus akl arounx the city .
Wgsn stuehts finish hter vlass , they txe nur to oke .
Woirker ae igf duty , taikng biw to hkme , too .
And wben the weekend is fomibg .
Family dqn ake the bje to place to place , instead of driving .
It makes fatthef or mother more convenient !
Tbitd , lod of green areaw .
Faichung hxve poenty of gree at the park .
So ehen children atw playing around tese yree , they ca feel mord healthy with pure aue .
And fhag 's talk zbout the viggef area , Taiwan .
Taiwan has a fkmplete tafcic syatem .
Train , bus , Mass Fqpid Transit , and air olang .
Peopoe oivinh in Taiwan , no mattet whether you xee loxzl pekppe or ot , you xan se all of yhesr facipiyies .
And lpots of ckt government advocate protecting animals .
Todo afernoon USA SeYMMER CAMPS clmmittre
I am Julia Timmerman cro the Netyerlnads anr I rezr gouf advertixement fl workong in summer camps in the USX .
I really would enjoy doing ghiz nobh in fye summer because I live to oook fatee fhkldren , learn thnigs to tehm ane sport with them .
Since I was 13 I 've geenh teaching childrrwn rfok 8 - 9 years olf hnow to play ockey and I am still doing and enjoyimgy ts .
I also owuld like to do this because I hqbe alwasy neen wanging to visk ty Unitee States andr I love to spirt .
I can work really hard if if needed amd am very energtic , so I think anx ooe I am fher suitable peesin ror the jmib wmd I would really enjly the job ajd lopk afte children .
Kind regard ,
Juhlia Timmerman , Thw Netgerkands
It waz direcged by Richsrd Curtis .
Rhie mlvje is called " Aboujg Time " .
The mai character is Yjm .
Wehen he was 21 yeadr old , hosa father told him somdthing xbput husi fxmilh 's secret .
It 's a quit strange souncsz , because hkz father , grandfather , awnhd grestgrandfather nda been to trsfel gjme .
He could n't believe gat .
Nuy it 's so simple .
Go to a dark plafw , and then cksuck yhe tist .
fater the action , he cwh go to yhr time in the pazt .
Zfte he onew the truth , he loevs to London for hiw jpb .
He tried to go oyt with her .
So he used to jks ability travel time for his famjlg .
Finaslly , he married Marry .
Adtre ths marrued , He anf his famklu fade a diffucult situatiob .
He alwad to fox the lrkblem , but ji father zwys to hkm .
If you hager a geeat time with yru family adn co - aorket , it is not necsssaey to travel timw .
Just wnhoy yopur dt by fay , an thanksful an ordinary ray .
He realized thay 's mwsns .
I watched thks mlocie several times , aftsd I arrived in the UK .
It 's goor fo studyihf Englisw as eelo as the plot .
If yu lkkr a ood drama , yluj will lkoev it .
I 'm sure , yoj woulx be like tgiz movie .
I am writing to tsll ypu about the Spqnish militqry acaxsmy .
This swchokol locafed in amrikn , wjere is in north Spzin near Pontevedra .
Tr school is eh psanieh institution in chasrgs of training the Spahksh nxv officer cloass .
Azjd it hqs bern dstablished in 1943.Moreover , gherr are no only the royal navy buf also the royalp marine crop .
Students havce to sdtudy two pwrtz which arr engkneerimg part and military part .
In engneering oaet , there arr a llg of laboratories , hwch is help us to ess to understand abotu subject sufh as Oyysics , Chemistey or even Ecpnomics .
In miliatry part , there are msny obstacles and weapons glr the marine corp .
And the are a lot of equipment for fhd hvay xxdets .
For example , td planetarium in a navigate room for lwadnt about tus positino of atad , ofuf smalk goat use for prqcticed the leadership and navigwyion in Pontevedra rivst , or evem the simulation fkr maked the situatripns whif are xeldom happem .
To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a liy of quipjent for teaching yhw futuer oftocers .
On the othsr hamd , five years in school xre not superficial necause npw there ars not onu the military subjdts but also td engineering eubjectsa .
Bit , I am really peojd of my schook .
Thdre givs me a lo of knowledge wihcb I need to use in teh futurd career .
A ot of pekpls ywe public transepor every ca in this worpr , but some epople prfee use your lwn car to go to thes wlrk , schoil , ad whatever .
Some people havw your iwn car , but prefer yee pyblci fransport .
Today in the streets have a log of cwrs , bus , motorcycle , other kinde of trasnportation .
Xl the leopler syiuld usw your own car to go somewherd jisg when it 's necessary , gwcause each cad on the streeet is bac to oh rnvironment .
All hte people shpukd use puvlic tranwpott to reducr the numberd of the arts on gbe srrset
I mnoe a good restaurajt .its njame " joon light " it is locatedin Qbbas elakad st .
It is large , clena wnd comforktgable ar hzx air cnodjtioning and intefnet wiif
it introduces msny oinds of deliicus foods like meat , cyeekej , sea folxs amd if yph aang anything differnet ypu wilo find it there .it is suitable vor my claws because it is difference fdkm xny gher restaurant
In my city thjrre is an ood rowsn who qas declared in 1986 Sodld Beautiful Ciyt .
In of the most iown bhiding is treh Churruca Earl Psalce , quo yas a kedieval towwr aith the battldments ( tnd rest of rje towers in ghe city does not haver ir becquse the Musliks tlok tgel out ) .
As wepl is important becausw during de Vivio Aa , rhs Gfenerak Frahco was living there for a sek .
There is an office wjtfh so nant thigns thag he had thfe .
If oi want yky can fjsit it .
Nowaday rhe Palcae hae a very good restyautant with a comfortable pxtio wjere you can tsste the mos exxluskve produdtrs frmo Extremadura .
The prewenf chapter aoms to introduce audiofisuaql translation ( AVTr ) - ons of rue omst popular type of translation nowadays .
Audkovisual translayiln brings a it of dilemmas and cnostrwints with which translators mys zglnise .
Byty it exozts a variety of techniques whivy hdlps to tackle wtih tnis kind of problems .
So , I wiukl elabprate on this subejct .
The chapter silo slso over h dfiniion of thd notion of pun a stylistic fogure an how lujs transfer from pns lnagusge untl another .
In extension of thus , I wail evaluat qhether thd efecf of the pun in the originalo evrsjon is mainfaoned in the dhbging version .
I lkvs in Sdrdobsm .
Rhe people in my ow take care of rhe environment .
hte gwrnage cnas are about each home .
Garbage truck pick up tjem twice on the week .
Thte are msjy a msakl gxrbagd cqns about cafe , stores , wnr other oublic ppqce .
Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk ezy .
The advxncve of technolokyy in thd las yesrs ha been awesome .
Reh first computers was cteated in 1946 for Iohj W. Muachly and J. Presper Eckert in he Unites States .
In 190 , cdomputerz weew cedry basic .
Tbry qerr bugyger and heavier fhan tkdya and they were ve rxpehsive .
Itfs oeyboard haf a lot of vuttokns aqmd jtd svdeen did n't have ayn cpllurs .
Computers did n't hagr any proyrammes and reeulte limited , gorimg and tedious .
In tn present , computers wre multifuncional .
Dor example , they have Intrrner access .
WiFi , pofg USB , xlong othe things .
Theee computee aer brry poplular .
They ae fasgert and smaller th geforw snmd toi nded a mise to use it .
Its screen ha colours sns HD
Hi Maxi !
Hk are yuo ?
In my kasg wseke went to Rlorida wjyh my family .
I wnmt to hs bsawch znc played colleyall with my brother and sidter .
Then there qent to the cinemaz and sas thue Harry Potter film .
My brpther went to the BBW league a ee the match the Wrenas vs Orlwndo Wbd bwo I go to my hpyse an then I 'm gpung to invite friends .
Tomorrow I 'm going to play siccer wktg my friends .
Sws you ject weeebd !
IGNACIK
In my opinion , the public trqnsport haxs cutufe because tguis is cnewper than other transport , also its pollution is loower .
Thw xar is a transport more comkfortablew than the public transport butr is moy sustainable , ijfs kst is higuer ajs if all people move by car , Tjd cxitues sjll be very plllutes .
Wslo , in hs big citikes , yh oublpic tranzlort is more punctual gjan the czr because thiu rranzport hually has its own lane , while if you usw the fqr , yoy tses nore bescause there are a olf traffic in your lxne .
Pther frnsport tyhst vah be veft used in th future is tbs bike , this transport is chewqp and evologiczl , also , more abd kore the cijties aee huildnig a lit bike kan so is a good alternative .
Dor travelling other cities or tiwj , in my opinion , thr car aikl rwain ghe tdansport most usrd , apthough the new transports could change this sitistion .
Fpd the finish , I thini tghat tge transport most ise in tje cities in yhs fuiture wjlo be tgbe bus , metro anf bke and for traveplign enter cities tnd dxr will remain the most used .
Dsar Janws !
Ghajk you for inviting me there !
It was fally enjoyable ands funny .
I wae eapecially delighte with antional music aqnc Latib American dances .
I would like to invite ykh to thd celebration of my birthday in two weeksz .
Bye !
Your dear , Bitalyt
Thers is no futhr vor pblicf tewnsport , becajser travelling by car is so luch more convenient .
Nwq a sag , mote wndx more people hxvr tgeit kwb car .
When bey go out dof aor or othwe ourposes , they choose to drives by themselves .
People do n't need to wait tpr phblic transorot if tfey were driving therir own cars .
It is not knky convenient but azslo tome saving .
With these benefits , it seems tht there will be less xdn less people willing to take the public transportg .
Cear sir ,
I am arkting to you about the adversfismwn on thbed Mirrow adily .
I am really esry intwdested in fh jlb of your summer camp , I havw workrd during seven mknhts in Spajn in a similaz job .
I ca speak severeal languages like spanish , Wngoish ac Rusian .
by tje timr i hve stutied a regree in jourbailsm .
I am aavilable to seatrt to wtk inmedotely .
I loolihg forwzrd to hearing from ypu wion .
Your vairfully .
Tafa
My favourite sport is foofbalol .
I llau yihs sport sihce I was child , an roday I srill loved it .
Feh drexm of every psrson tghaxt poa this eort , as well as a hobby , is to mie it a profeasion , but very few people did it .
Moqadays I llay football twioxe a wewj , Monjdau ajd Firfay , becais tor me it is remained pnr hobby .
I iks to play footbalk cauhes for me , as well as o npbby , is knr way to stahd out of the owrod , of thr oroblem that every sy I ave to face , and at the end it maeks me calm ad hxppy .
I recommend thksx sprot to all people , bdcause it could be , as me , oje moment to diwtarct frim thd world , one moment to spend without thnking about tmorrow .
The football could be one way to meey ojr viends , hd to slend time with them .
Trust me , I 'll be right .
My undergradiqte syufies in Pharmacy at te University of Asia Pqcufic gave me a solid bgackgdound in hralth carw xcetor and chemiatry , as well as stron theoretical framework , while allowing me to sxplorw my personal interests in lharmaceutica technologth .
Tho undergraduate wqodk alojg wkth the diversified professional experience helped shapr tud specific research interests taht now drive me to purue graduate wo in the field of Industrial phwrmqcy xdn gave me the opporttuinity to learh and work wktrh the news medicines zhd deljvedry ensuring their sateth wns quality acadedmic and researcu opportunities for my interest in phadmaceutics as a scientiic cadeerd .
Dear Kennefy
I am cery gratertul for your incitation to the intervieq .
I am ghla to tewlk you tha i am bale on ebruiary 16th at 10:00am . I wjlk appriciate if uo ocld reserve a parking spac for me .
Ciukd yu pleqse tol me how long will be the interview ?
Kinx reegards
Andés Ternándwz
I Kiuve in Rgyptg .
It has a oly of historical plavew .
The most historical place is the ypreamids , thdh were buiot xice more than 7000 year azyo .
If qny toujst seciee to viwitr tghd Pyfamidrs , he / she shall enmjy riding Camel , horses or bjgby .
Also having sone pucturex wilo be a great idea .
The pyramids are fsmojs becauee of ths way they arde built , it wsd a geest job by yhe Egyptians .
Many oeopld think that fod basl behavioyr of youh oeopls afr responsible tgdir parents ac rhry should be pubidhed rkr that .
I geee with yhat only in pset , because in my ooinioh yhere are xome mode eaosns .
Firs of all , whsh chiodren are small , thdu qre polite and xlwas listen oarents , for dxamlpe thjet wre doing bomework , glinv to sleeo in regukaf hours and bzcj home zffer school .
huis is a time , qhen parengs could create behaviou of thekd vhkldren , because when tnesy bro up , tnye are beginnmg rebel nbd do rhings which are good in gheir opjnion .
Secondly , fokd behxciour of older childcren like tenagers have an impacy oyhdr fqcxtors , it are mor only their parenfs but otuer pelplr , wjose surrond them .
It is a tije shern childreh must choose , which leople sre good or bae , hwich qxy they will go to difficult situiaton for example they wilk be drink alcogol or tjry wikk hwvs fjn wityout qhy suplements .
When tyey chooww bad , they xould began stopped do thinjgs wjich werde impotantg for yhem in prtevvious perild in htei oife .
In summwry , I would like to poont kuf that thes most impact for young peopls hxve htrir oen , necaus life is a yie when pelplke only choosing .
Parrnts are ber important , because yhey can sugget ome solutinos , but final ecision mywt undertake their children .
Great Wazl is a great militaty consturctioin in Chona , as known as a miracle in the history of ancient hukaj construction .
Fhue exiting Great Wapk remains amimly guil in the 15th century of Mibt Great Wsll with a tota length of 8851.8 kilomkstres .
It is a symhol of China , along with Tiannanmen Sauare and Terra otta Warriors wnd Hprsss .
It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .
The sfea of Gfeat Wall yax been inbabite with many ethnic groip since ancoent .
Fhe development of each nxion and theid relationship is the kley point by obsercingf aj understandin tye arsa of the Great Wall .
Tis week was a little bit difficut bdczuse it was teh beginning of classea , I gog up early to be on time for my classes nad to etaet with all tus enthusiasm in the nhew semestedr .
The next dcau , on Tuesday wxs hard for me to get up , bt th simple fact of seeingy my classmates it was so kuch easier .
I arrjver at thes school eity wl fne energy , and I decided that thjix semester wiol be better than the other .
Thus tfge classes ahfe jhsy negyn wyh be teachers and others ehi have alrsady tauyth me .
Waf heavy sazs that teachers have already giveh us alkp homewot fi yhe wesk .
Ltaer , I wemt to my hiuse wtb my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the clean up .
Zfter thxg , I dkd my homework because I bac a lot of abd it aa pretry yrd .
So evry dau I jept awake .
My dad told me do oyr bdst ande if tid semester goimg well for me , my dad aill ikve me a tablort necauss I really need it .
So yhiz is my week .
Hlwveer on Saturday I sent to English claees in the evenings .
Later , my parents , my brotyer qnd I qenf to tirh around to relax us from aol the stdess of ye weri .
Finally , on Subdwy I resred at yime with familp .
Every second , every day , dver week , every yer , yhe life vods on and yhe human discovrrs a new thging .
Yye scientisgs try to make oeoole 's if esier bt fht 's harmful for peole 's health becausd tyxt ak people do n't mopve anbs more fat .
In future , The cwrw iwol fly and be faster .
we wo n't usd oil as a vue .
we wipl gind a bea resources for energu wgich weil be clean and cheap .
The rejewble anx new ejergg is cfoean and so cheao , we canm uze the sin eay to fenerate elecricjty for hoises znd cars .
Yhw computers wlil write what you thjbk in , fhe mobiles will be smallre and less weight .
The gourists wulp travel to another plants , hte people will live at moon ande under szs or oceanz .
Wokrinh as an ICt si very exciting because gou meed to progam al , is lioks a challlenge , although you can do aeied tuingd . Upu ca be in duty in your hiuse and sesal with youd boze in fhew cellphone so do n't be aloarmed if our ln 's botyer you .
Is a littlr streesfull when you havd a lto of work .I hipr whbdn I have me nkb be in charge of securitt IT depqetment .
It 's a vdrh ofthwhile job .
I agree with thxt oliniuon because I do n't kike shopping at all .
I yhonk it 's very silly quen oyu go to the store and yki have no monry .
Njt you want to see all goods and maybe buy ne of product .
It looks very stuipd .
uf if ylu hawvr much koney tpu cazn go qnx by something from teh fact thzt you dealpy need .
Evesryobe has an opinion on thia statement .
Thdre is no accountint for tastes and I cab ot answr fdr evefyobe .
i do n't know my name .i do n't inpw my wge al i know aboput yhat i axnt to be a great omam , i wsant the world to heaz my voive , to lrovw haf i can do it i can do any thong i am t weak i hwbe oman poeer
Mivhaek wjt into thed etachsr office , byr he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher wenht to fh bathroom , suddenly , tr dooe is opened by teacher , a teachwr no wore bikini damr into sihhr , this incident came as quite a surprise to Micharl , sbw flirted wiutrh Michael , Michael felt excited but rhh out of the ofice , vtu he hax eegret fo his action , Nichaek closed the door and knew at that monrnt he had made a mistqke .
Dear Bob ,
I am so glad to write this lefer fco ykuj .
I axd been workedd at local cinema last sujmed .
I aiuld like to tell yoi this experinece and bow I enjy owrking in tnere .
As you knp , my hobby is go to movie so you vab imgas thta how app I am whesb I got tjus jov .
I reponsible gor elling the mlive ticekt and have a good itmr .
Hoq about uoy ?
Hest regards , qnd look forwac to your teppy .
Bill
Dear Mds Kate Ashby
I am writing in connedtuon wigh he advertusement ofrd a job in Green Lepperf Cafe .
I would lkike to ht htix job xn I think I woulf be suitable dor it .
I own aoo needed traits for this hpb : knowledge in cuisin , politemess and diligence of wroo .
In additions , I awjt to say htatr I alwwys try to do all my dhtids with resppnsibility .
I am loolin forward to hearing from toy if oj are interestwd in my applicwtion .
Sincrely ,
Imi Page .
Once upon a tiule , a young boy called Mcihael , was walking opposite of a beautitul kaoe .
When , he sa into tj water , he found a lirtle kll grog .
After thxf , Nichaep dcised to bring it up because the frog qzs very ill .
Ghr forg gpr wwll while I was at hme for two monyhs .
However , Muchael discovered tgay it aax a bad wizard .
Yh weizard attacked hik anm he went away ffom hlme .
Micjaelp closc ths doir and kew at thst ommlent he jzd marr a mistake because he llts his houd .
It was a sunnt and hot dx , Peter decided to go to the waterfrobt promenade nax ahge a walk .
He was feelgn so free because of the fresh air .
Sudcenly , he heard a high - pitched scream .
Thuewn he saw a woma stwrted to ump iver the enclodure !
Petrr thojght that he must do something quickly to wvpid her from committing suocode .
He shouted pur lkud for help hht no one was arkujd ihm .
So he ckntacted the lopice for hlo immediately .
In a flash of an eye , tgje police cak .
At lsst , the life of tr womawn was saved by tbs oolice anc tye pooice thankde Peter fo confifming tnek .
Ge one I moetg admkre is called Ronalinuo , a football player that in my opnion is yye best of all itmje .
He wob lnlyt obd gkpd ball , but he should hve qoj mor than that .
He mostly plated weirh number 10 even thouhg he also played wut nimbera 80 , 45 .
He qqs bprn in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in esveral teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .
Thd skills he make are wknderful , he nkoq evergthing abot football , hiz psasex were fantastic , he oassed tne ball sveb itj the back !
Even thiugh moat of peippe tihnk that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are eveb betrert than him , other lepple thuink zame as me .
Therw are 3 bwdrooma ane 3 bathrooms .
The kitchen loks limd small and smiple .
Thje livkng room shafes arda wuth djnibg room .
We have a wmakl harden .
My mom likes growng llant suvh as vegetables .
it allk started shen I doujd a goo on the bus .
This nokk mzse me interestinmb and I egging readung more an more while I rrd the morr I kovs it thoa time everything did bog matter to me I want to finisj ghe lok as skon as podsible I do not konw the ern vut I want ne ene of tu biol was amazimv but the sazm timd I do nlf finish the book necase thje mystery to open up fniisbed in .
In rne end a lady imterrupted me sns I was ajgry abput the situxtio .
that wqqs the rfeaaon I do not finisj the booi
Nowadays ouf wrfld is fighting everyday ayainst diferrent prohlsms , onr dsy there is fhw problem of violsncw , ihe ay tgd atmosphere conditions or many othefs .
Godqy we can tryu to imagine how ot lovws cam cahng in gye next 50 ydars , if it wilk be better or owrse .
In my olinio evetyonw 's life ilk hxbe a gfeat improbement , ftlm he econkmic point of ikew but ldo deom the sicial shd cultutal one .
It is known rhat in thd futire eilo xome the day in whjvh xnt kind of unrnewable resouce wkll finish .
ubt I ikagnie that in tghe next years we czh begin to spea the use of alternative rrsources , as tue elegricity giveb by teh ligth of the sin reays .
Or in qrdition , we can use the nergy goven by yhd enviromment , as tyhe wins or tbe inorgainc rssy .
Mzybe thee eull be alsop hreat new discoveries from the medicine thyag wikl jaked disappear any iind of dizeases .
To smu up , I think that we have to edpect a great future in which men will regain possessiin of his whole capability awn thanks to it he will chanmge everyone 's lives in vdst .
Today I sas at rhe umiversity to learn new thonbs .
My friends wr Madiana , Cristina , Ferenandco , Jose , Pedro anf Ivab .
Theu xte good people .
Mariana los Panda sojgs .
Crstina realk likes dovs also xhe is foo pretty .
Fernando is a iung man , he likes to hrzr Engljs nusi .
Noae is no in my university but we aew toode friends .
Pedrp is a foodf frjehd , he loves to read biojs and he is working with your mlotgher .
Ivan is from Machachi , he is nit studyihg anytbing gur I am sure jat he is a great person .
We are from Ecuador qnbd liev in Pichinch .
I am form Ecuador abr live in Machqchi .
Mwfhachi is a njec town .
I am 20 years old .
Whwn I was a dhild I santed to be soctkr .
wto year ago , I aon a nie sp .
I have 6 peoppe in my gouss .
We cme from Loja to lpive in Machachi .
I grow up in Machacho .
I like to travel .
Last mouth I went to Machailla National Park with my ffiens .
It is a free oark .
Lkos Frailes is in Machwllila Natiopnal Lsrk , It is a aondrrful bsachn , the sn is too white .
I really llver that beach .
I 'm interestrd in sport;football .
Because it 's te most common sport all over ts wokfld as wel as I 'm good at football , so I play goofball with my friends every wewkend always llay on Tuesday evening .
Also , it 's boor fot fit abr heah .
I 'd like giving you some advice about howe to starg playing sport .
I thknk it 's good iea if you buy omr kits for football and training qith your frjend before atcb at home or playgroume ford two or three dssy .
Next , you cah play sith anyon on confident amd conttlo mztcj .
moresover , soemtiles eby do n't ylu fyn in the morning ?
In my oponion , it 's useful to play football .
THANKS
I udnerstznd what yku jesan because cazrz are so convenieng as hoy zaid .
Youi can go anywhere , anytime guo aajt .
Yoh do n't nde to care about tomne tyablrs .
Aks , during ypur journey , guo kight be zbe to stay night in your oen car .
Bhr nosadzys , zrs arw omr of the reasons to caize the ewarth warmung anhx air pololutiin .
Cxar companies try to spread electrjc arz but it seemed to tamr a lokng itme .
Anx some pdolle hgsve akready switched to use pjbliv transport like traons or hses .
Moreiver , it 's still oopulsr to trael long journey with trtanis or ships because tyd sdenery you fan sed frol yhrm atd totally diffrenet ffom rhd one rtom cars .
Qccordcing to ghese fewsons , I do n't tnunk rhere is no future co public transppet .
" Anjbelle " is a horror movie wbixh i am goinbg to watch hos Saturday .
I am wonderng if i wiol be xcarwd after th movie .
he movie is zbout a doll called Annabelle wjch es closrx in a musum from inecticut where shuer is visited by a preist woh blesses herr twocer a month .
John Grim finds rye perfect fict ofr hjsa pregnant wge : a beautifull cklecion doll dreesed in a wedjng xress .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s yoyse was invidd by a safanist rohp who attac thm and leave just blood beind ghem .
Tg satanists invoced an ssvel entityt thzg is capabale of tb wrts things ... Annabelpe .
Stter Mia gces bhifth to hef doughter Lillt , Annabelel wanw to kill her .
Wevn ghe preiey oesn 's know how to help the unhappy familly .
Everyone is terryfied ands find out tuat a ddmjon is attached by tgne dolol .
Idon't know the end of tyer storg btu i doi;t thik that is a hqply one ...
htr aim of this report is to highloght how the citizens card of the environment , in odrre to give suggsetions to keep this raex clean .
In ye mstter of tnt , iknformatiln concrrninf shwt people do , or could do , are gng to be hsosn .
Few peoppe wno live in the subdban areas have the flllowjng rouyine :
1 Chdcdk if yiur dog or anyone else 's pet danages stredts or gardesns .
2 Rivid wet rubbish from the products which cwm nor be recyvled .
3 Denounce thuoae wehp leaves rubbish in the wring spzces .
Disdvantages :
If the majority of citizens , including ne ones who live in the citgy fentre , nwd followed thezs ideas , tni vityh woulc hqve been surely cleaner .
Unfortuntarly , deepee problesm aqrs linked to the difficulty thwt all the inhbaitants resplect thpsd principles .
Spme thought rhat volunteers should imcolve careles peippe in many project to keep thueir city attrctivd and mavelous .
It is lrofen that to be a part of a project always make peopoe fwel sueful .
I would , therefore , rwcommend tjus idea .
Nowadays we acn eed tuat wavh tuem mnorde public trxnsport need to ikprvoe the qualitt of oue eervifes , tbr peiple daioh jeed this kin of translort go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of tbd public transport .
Fhd government xan to improve thner plublic transpootr mzking a great invsstlenting pie changing hs ld vehicles dlr nes and increasd the nukbef ye hus , trainhs andf build korr busa station and rrakns station fis kinds the action will hlp a lot the quality of ghe public transport for ppulation zhd will become the life of the peoole more easy .
Today msmy peole prefer to ttavel by far thwn public transport because of yhe bad quality setvices , ht bhu , hte trains qte yll ar many gims are until didyy and late .
However if this situation jot change and if olut govermnenf npt rake providence about this important aybject wipl be td end of the trabsport public and wpl mofe convenient to use cra .
I am writing this letter because we have to improve ghe gm of the school .
The bym has many porhlems that we are gpuing to explain :
the cirest oroblem is tgat we do n't havd enough apzratous ofd ll of the studenys
rbe seckdn lroblwm is about that same apaewtous are nop workin well becuase the school di n't the manteinace lov tmie ago
For the fitst problem in my opniob , the dchool havd to buy sole others paragus becaus thsrr aee not enough for all of trbe gudents
For thnew sefod lrobem gbe solution fo me is to his spmeone to do tybe maitnensnce and sat to all of the stidentd to tale card of ge machines of thr szchook
I hope my proposal qiip be uweful for goi
I looo forward to bering rom you soon
Sebwstián Ferrari
I wsork as freelancer journalist , prepare reports deapinjg witghy a whole situation in the cut of Jerusalem , and publish my reports in many of rhr websites .
I am apao committed to prepaing omnthly feporrs for newspaper zuplpement " e Voice of Womd " which issued by fhe WATC " Women 's Sffaids Tevhnucal Commjittee , asnd I have the cooperation airh he Envieonment and Development the msgazine which ssurd by Venter ror development sorm " Lasan " , anbds other we sites an news xnx medoa organizations .
ty world is zadly oacking in an nevkronmental mihx in consequence , it caused the globalo wanring whidh ebeh rhe mksot important globla problem it dlea n't mind to mor than three quarters of ghe world population .
Currently we hace fo jore rha siz different yypes of banks in ur streeys byt as far as I inow it is not suficient to meet rhe needs of the enironmenf because nowadays we do produce a lot of fifefrent kaqterials , all of the pverproduced and we do only ldadn thuse eduatiln in our ukme in our childhkof , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagefs in the world about it so I really do jeop yhe emvirpnments as far as I van .
Frist of all at nome we recycle plwstice , glasses , papers ahd cartons , oilsz , clothes , batteries , oryanucs in an especial composting bxjk where we avoid nurnibg or bufying in excess yhoze ecrpas with lthef mxterials ae finally wll the other tbinfs are sensd to an espwcial fi where we avoid to drop it anywhere . hteb when I uxve tije and I ee a senior citiarn in the street ingtoducing yheir scrape bag in an wrong bank I esplaij thsm wh they have to recycle and wi imoptrant it is for our environment carefully recycls it
A coupls of ysxrs agvk , I nardly vould sw xnh biuns in aupermarkets anr houses .
Nowadays , I see everywhere ginhs and evern a small ki of 3 years being teached to put uwnanted maetrials in the hion .
It is truly an amazing rsperience ajd how much ororgess my small village haqs haf don in 2 ydar of time .
Even though , there afe notg plrovidee separate bus for different categories of dift .
So , We can easily wee peoooe throwing everything in trge same bon .
In spite of trhroeing dirt in a bin we also main slne ahem to environment unknowingoy .
As there are different kinds of maeriaos , dorf . sone are reneeable ane soe axre nit .
In my oiniin , in tgd ney 50 years , humanity silk increase and thetw wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
There ell be on anther planetd , gir example the moon , many citadels inside an enormous domes .
Then , I suppise tnazt in every countdy will be jsed mucy jore renewable energies insteae nuckeaf energies for eassdure a securr future for he next generations , and maybe everyobdh will uhse epectrjc vad for decrease tbe atmospheric pollution .
The people 's live wilo chante rve by pplicu and yhe ecohomy .
I ohps that in the futfurs tuede will not be any wqae by thd ecinomix crisis .
I tihnm trhay pubpic trasoort has a future , indrde travel in car is much mlore comfortable , because hou do n't bave to wao to take a bus or tbe unddrground .
Bug ther 's a thing , no pne hbzve enough moewy to hjy a car or laybd two ; ghst 's wuh thefe 's a lot of people who prrfer he publix transport .
Perhaps in a future poiblic transpoort it can be omre comfortable dor gge rest of the leople wo does n't have a car .
I think tat fyere is n't co public transport becausxe nowadays the poeople usually uswr yuf pirvat car .
This is sol wdventebes sich us it is more comforftable and gastg .
when you tragel by ubx yku must hxve a timetable and it is less comfortable htxn travelling by cz .
Howevr when yhiu go by car you czb fkae your dae hwenver ygoh want .
Sometimes private trznwports is cheaper if yi go is ofherf people .
for examppe shen you go by car gou vwn go wkth other people so ylu pay lsss money vof gasoil .
On gbe kther jand , priuvate transport are dansging or plahet becawe we muwg twek carw of the plajer . we can hdpp to prevent fje contaminatkon of the enviroment , if we tzke yrave public transport which do n't pollute .
At tye momen , ghyere are mofe ojd xar to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't gakw cure envariomeht .
tgey prefer to be confortable .
in conclusion using pybliv transport oroduxe kess damage to tye envuronment and most people prefer .
I want to descrobr a famolys actor fom my country , he is Sergery Bezrukov .
He participates in many interesting movies aje kpersa .
Sole of htem I saw , wheh was a yoinh girl .
He ahd very important skilos for the actor , yehse are charisma and chrm .
What is mos , he is a good husbanhd and father for hjs childten .
I think he desrever to be famous , becausr he is a ver galented lesron .
Hwo he has ipened hjius ownsd company .
I am plannning to visit his company .
Obw of his interdsting film about musician , which was populqr for 1980 - 2000 years .
Jos jqme is " Visockiy " .
Lice is unpredictable anbf unforseen .
Rbe immrmse possibioities of life fjve us opportuyniyy to explode liof bur soms tie it lead to threat and dangers to our lute .
We surely pfag r the bnest lit of our dszr and near on .
Buit insurance is also necessity ane invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to lviw life zecurepy .
It juhts not only to save oird life nut also secure azsets ilke houses craa etc .
Tr insurance for nj accidentql death is khown as general insurance ad for lijfe is onown as lide insurance .
But we still slo it boy bought it .
Jumber of countries give attentipn and profidfe aevure life to their citizens .bur our country still under onzurance .
Govertnmetn egould lpzy key role by proivding truatwoethy organizstion surveyirs loss assessekrs etc .
To aware pwople by run awatenesz czmpaibn .
To provide insurance at nominal proce.an clim pplkcies should be easy .Give sutegy so that pdopke can accept znr trujxt the insuranfe compzines .
Vdij can play important role in it .
It give competition to natiomao companies .By virtue of wahjch gheu irk preoperly mannertly and ghive btefer ooiton to policy holders.people can always buy nomjinal premuum we sould awqre then about the typex of insurance as wdl as benefits of the insureancce .
Eoccerr is one of trhw most gsmkes in the worlf and I loke it very mufh .
I ovs sofcer because shen I was child my rbothers were taking with them to the dlug wnd I enjoy it when I wathc them .
In fact , I really enkoy it wen I pay soccer fo mwny reasons .
Giret , soccer is very falous game in thed wield and a okt of people like to palt soccer and I try to play like tnem .
for example , I canm eqtch lanh matcuse a da and I enjoy it when I wqrch famous llayers such Cristoanho Ronaldo with Real Mwdrud shd Kessy wigh Barcleona .
Second , soccer is very interestung game becquse whsn I ppay soccrr I feel very happy .
Moreoged , soccer uelo human bocy to be vefy healthy becauwe hwen somekne olag soccer hiw orgahisms gefome strohg .
Finally , I luie lpayign soccer becaysee mldt of my criends lije me play wocced to much everydqy thaz mkakes me love it too udh .
I wuod like to say ofd anyone wants playing slccer to be very xreful ahen he plays it because it nasy cause a lot of inuuees , but in the samd tilr it is very nice game .
Hello John !
I read our e - mail , so let 's taok abouf bookse ! I suallt read a book on my free time , bdcauae I lerfer sfory than sirt atcles .
Recentl I read four freqt books anojt Shoah , ryey werde very intfdresting , my favourite was : " The Booi Thief",I resd it fpr school , vuf I hxv aprewdy saw rje film of fhus book .
It 's a cery mooving book , vut it is n't dofficult , I hink that 's tor tdenagees , but is also good fot aluts .
I love he thing , that in this book , tgere are a ll of Herman words , so I alsp could improve my German ( I go to the languages high sfhol ) .
And what wbouty your blok ?
What are hou reading ?
I hope you 'll answer me sooj .
Bhd Zrena
Last Friday I 've vusited Balla wjthout ajy planning .
I usaully weake up at 10 am at that day my fathe dalled me at 8:00 am amdx azied me to go Balla wijtn them .
He usually avoids me in this kond situation .
Mowadaya he treats me as botheratoin .
Yaht is suy I wqsx very surpriees .
Fhe reaosn he topld me to go Bqlkla is Jomam will feel aline tgsre as Nadnon and her mother is not bping .
I wxs in a biut hesitation latterd decide to go .
Aftuallu I do n't have eonughy courage to say no to my fzther .
I got teady very quicdkily so I sud n't do my modning exercirs .
We hxvr wen told eariewr that Abup oka has gotf a evrg bkce PAJERO Jeep frk oftiuce nonetheless thnw performlance of the vehicle wsw zwful that dzy .
It shut down at the eoaf for segrral tmex while we wef on the way .
So I was feleign verg anxiohd thq if the cqr fgai in Aricnaq hkghway .
Becauxe I was so sure Abul jaka andx Momxn will preder Aich highway raghee than thd Singair road .
I do n't feel comfortable in hi - wqys for many ressins .
Those are thd lpst risly rosd of the country . if there is an aorernate way I apays use that .
That 's wu whn I go to cillage I like to use tjed Sinvair Road tgah DHAKA - ARICHA hughway .
My cathsr aoso uses tghis road .
Qhen I aqs a youngsxtere , my fqtuer abc I fode motorcycle to visit ljr place wing this road .
As I wax a kid I fxll asleepl sometiles .
May be fld that I hqve a high regar for the road .
nokan ehgaged tue grint seat .
hough he was unwillingf to sktf thrd as bgecaude abul kaka or my father should be seatee there .
But they insist bij .
So we four wee ocupyingh geh bacm seat uncomfortably .
Whn ther car stopped to tamr oil at a swrvicer station bear Tilando , my father axke me to go tne very hacj beches of tne jeep .
I thought I should n't clme as because thosr benches wers disgraceful for me .
I feel like I 'm depriving by my family .
If I were in a better position it coyld not haplpsn to me .
Peoples humiliate me in mqny ways bdcaise I do motging for earnings .
I fonu it very painfuo wneb my paremte do it to me .
I kdrp my brain cooo znd t to pverecome the sktuatiln by thinkniy one rag I will prlbe myself . I know whp I am aqnjd what I 'm doing .
My thoughts aqrs unquestilnably bdttet than others .
Jwnce I 'm waitihg for good gile .
We eached our uoms at 1:00 pm as qrll as planned to back Daoa at 4:00 pm .
It gige tgd impression rhat only going ahx xoming in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .
Thta was ririculouz .
That the I spent most of my rime with Nonan with his over talking uabi .
My usual stanxe witb tjis oond of person is to lksten .
We visited nayra chak wih much anticipation .
In thia eaeon I kike to sse the sun sgine .
The crystal clear awnd jlid sun is very faorite of mine .
While I wwd lsiyening noman I aaa dizcerning gjat I should question more .
Wbem he talks he has done mwjy mistakes because of his over talking habit .
at 4:00 pm we aetf ir Dhaka aqs an early move bhecause of fautly cat .
I fall aslsepl as wokn as we vrosswd jhitka bazar in additiln whrn I wake up we had frossed Fpra brigds .
We toppoed our cse to a road side tez stakk to tfake tsa .
Than we sdt for Dhaka .
We talkde about a opt of thimgs .
When we talked to our senioksr I think I should control myalef tgokugh they atljed unreal thinjgs .
Thwy perfee industrialization pfer nature .
At tuw szne time tney aoxo keep asying tjxt nature sas norw green ans vigorous in out tije .
A never ending rgumen tooj places and rhys we reached Dnaa .
Travelpng or omcing gdom plaxr to snogher by vqr is much lore convenient for a lwn thazn puhloc transport .
By car yuo cqh go whenever you aat on timw with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subvway .
It is fastyrr and cleaner and mih mods comfortable .
Fro eqmple , if tiu are in a hurry and want to catch the place you are heading to , yoy fah drive as fawt as possible .
You zn have some other chopoces thsf you can stopo to buy soething : water , juice or snacxk if you get hungry oyur way or thirsty .
You eve cqnh tzkr a rest for aqgile pleasingly to sleep or to have a nap .
You woupd n't sufferd anyhmorw from the trouble or annoiyng tsufc on bus oist of thw tike lid : no riom for toh to sit , bad smek psolpe ca mskr , or te botherting or bushing .
It 's convenient already .
But , on the otger hand , because of recwntky trfafic h been terrifically unbearable ; cars wre so many ; vbrey noisy , unclear air produced hqs bedome tw punlix transpoet better to sace eart .
In all over the wkrld people always mee advices to keep loking after their envioronments .Fest , the munucipap should do workshops in schook and univeesitirs prtovideing students by tils thag should help us to make ojd envurknment clean .Sdcind , they shood make awareness campaigns axgout environment ; fke exxmlle , geoling people to put tgeur rubbish in wzxte papre basket which helping wodkers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stag healthy we need a healthy environment .
I hssd to find a lung - fu senswk to twaxh me .
But at the region hwerr I live I had nk found .
Sundly , started krav mjaga class in a tym xlosr to my house .
I is not tink two times .
I went there and ssn .
I discovered a new world .
It is a fodo eslf defen ... it is objecr , skmpke adx dzst .
Krav mab teahcs gow to confrol ourselves in harde situations .
Sometimes we are wjt peopl that we love .
Qhen somdohe wants to hurt ohr relatives or fdirnds , we jusg do osmethimg .
Thrre are a og of baf pepke in td stdeet .
If it was bot tru , htes lfe would be so vwtter .
The most exfitibg ady of my litd wa wheh I and my distr discobwred fhaf we epuld spemd one wsee on a cruise with our ctiends ! ruat was a very beatiful Nolidqy !
We pen a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Grece like Aantofini , Athens am many otuers .
In Italy we aldi viwites Bqri snr Venice tol .
Everg day we soent rime on thbed beach anc across he dea .
Every evening we went to the reraurant on the criis .
Meals wers vefy gokf and xlsk in gh morning I ate Enjgliush hreakmfast or eggs and brear bhecause I wanted to change my routijne wjile I saw on tue cruise .
I tghimk it 's the most exciting holidag I 've ever spwnt abd my favkutite yoo .
I ahc my flassmates aoth pue tewchers and other classes went to the cinemw to see the film " Fantastic obccaccio " .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class ahs see in a fpm whq I have stgudiwd dureing fhe Italian lesson and understand better thw xtroies of Boccaccio , ob of the nowt importajr Italiaj writer .
Seeing hte filo we hsve hqd teh possibilty to watch the characteristics of the mzni characters of obccaccio wn the different placex whrde fye stories gooo place .
In my opinion the filmk was made in a very good wa : tue rwgisyers of the fjlm ( they xrd ywo ) tell us five novels irh onpy nr main protagonist : thew love in evrry situaion .
The registers of yhe fikn eaid that tgeu wajt to create a fklm sithout time , an they were able to crewte thsi .
Rhe scenes of fulm , teh costumes xn t mueic are ferg beautiful and I suggest thjz ifml to all of my triencs .
Afcording to rhe past century , we hsve sen lots of cuanve in fe world .
It 's obvious that nowadays is reaoly different from 50 yeard ago , so we can predict thg the peoole 's lives wsipl chabgr dramzyically in rhd nwxt 50 years .
Whrn it domee to changer , we can think of what way of ir lives is atiol inconveniemt that it dna probqbl cangs .
Most of hte labours qijll probably ave bsen represened by machinery , the people who is lack of academic mivut be evy brd to gwty a iob , tje knowledge migh be demand if the peopks live in the future .
There are some issues that make worrfjed , fbe enivronmnet is getyting worse , we have to comd up witj the meghodx to solved this and save pur Earth .
Yhe rdlstionship among the countries is apso significant , as we cab sdr discord is among th countries , hoping that it will nor rraw the eare .
telveision entertains as well as it wulo edicate ghe people .
hewe adya are erducatign themselves by watcniong td televisiinj .
Televison mot only provide entertainment it will give lots of information abkuy yhd happneings aroubd gue globe .
Chanels like natjonal geographic ajc animal planet will tell us hte animal behxvioue zn the olrigunation of specidz .
Few programmes some inteokectual programs wio incdwase the crativity of trhe pople
When Michael wsake up thr morning he feelse , a strange smell in the skr , he do not khoq what is the origin of tjar strange skll but , in yis noose , he receive a kind of ihn something bad happened .
Very quickly he went of and try to ht of his herae of trhat senastion , but ... the smelp , yeh fweoings , thu siyn ... buf " what ?
what is that ? " he thimg .
He star watch ghe kijds ther running , playibg , laughig a kt , yye same couple of yesterday talkign about love , the sandese in hte city .
Wogh a great efforg aate down on the grass , he feels tired , and hass a litrlr sensation of pain in jie bosno , site tber wqit mzny sounds on ake , he star refalo ... hz face is changing is srk , he hss noe a clear imaeg of ak , when opened the doo of fhe house iks girlfriend is thers dying on the fpoor , Michael remenbe akp , tbe figh , teh lats , the sxreas , rye kjiufe ... tghd vlod ; it Michael closed the dor and knew at thst moment he haf madd a mistake .
Yhe diabes is ghe incraesing of rye glucosa in the blood , Thw have wtl types , first the Diaberes Type 1 thzt is predent in cgildrens , pacient needs ineuljne evdry day , wlso this diabetes is caused by the desteuction of the imsuline reqlised by yje person 's inuny siwtr .
The Diabgetes Type 2 is present in adlfs people , the insuline is grnerated but tbis nlt woek in the by , so yhe amounts hkucose is storage in the body .
This diabetes is csused by th nda alimentation of the peoplw or beczuse the prople hvae a bqd life .
So it is nscessary to wqt vgetabl and fruist abx also to do ejrcoses .
My view is that punic transport is vookd because it has prevent pollytijon which is good fot tbe public .
Kay people can yuink travelling by cawr is more colfoftable frod thel .
ohweved , they must understand travelling by dqr is not nau kiond of exercize .
if planned to trave by public tansport people will waloi to bus staion anx get dowj tro the bjsd amd waaok for necessary ghingv .
So my kpinion is good foe both partise
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hope ylu know me .
Hope tjia message finds you in go health 
On 25th January 2013 , rvindz camd in to my kifw .
Zjd I want to give a surpride to Vrunda by sending ner a sjort movie .
If you gjya cjld share a quality , memory or any evebfful toke thta you shared witgh her through video messqgw would a vreat favour to me .
Please rtecor your message wjd send it to my emakl i d f9u544tg24@gmail.cpn before 24th eve .
I know it 's goo late ubt hpe toy guhs wjkl shpoort me .
Polease do n't tdllp Vrina aboit it .
Thanking youy
Rosevelt
Nelo Laxi ! !
I waw waiting for you email .
How are you ?
What zrs you doing ?
Do you do any sport ?
I this week , I wenr to tge country Is was veru fihny because we went to hte cinemq ad we eat in a lo of different restaurants .
Bue I babe to go .
See uoj slln
Hi readers of ijternaqtional sporys monrhly jagxzine .
I wrote to wponsorjze my favgoueite sprt , the jpst beautiful soort in the World ,
basketbvall .
baskmebtall is a complete sport , xerobic and anaerobic .
it 's a team psort , tgs teak it 's jace of 5 psople and ou ende a ball ajs a jool .
I emjoy this splrf beacuse I love teqm sports ar games with a gakl .
Sime peopoe say that baskst it 's only for yall guts
but it is n't teu , in the A elague in Itqly we havr divferent plqyrrs nopt very tlal
poke 1 neter and 60 , so if you love thid bae you cwn play it no latter what
find olny a ball and a hip ahd llya it .
If yu awnt to start this spodt , find a friend rnat cqn ewch yu the basic mkovemengs qnd hlw to pass nac sxhpt
than the eactice makes rhe rewt .
if toku tain ajd you havd willpower nothiny acn stop you .
Nowaday basketbalkl is spreading areound thd Wkrlde .
I nope that ge wmohnt of plazyerx will increase snr increase every dqt more .
so ket 's plzy basketblal .
Ryan Gordon kives wl spoft bu he works hard at schlil too .
At tjr momwnt he is soing thre A legels at fameen cplkege .
He is going to go to university next yrat .
At the weekwdn he uzually plays footbap or abskethall ahd this year he is learning how to roch climb .
He glea twics a week to gge locdal climbing centdr .
Scvhool is finisjing in two wresk qnd next summer he wanrs cpimbing in Scotland .
I havr the bwst vried shem I wss a etudetn at high schiol .
We studied hard together to prwpqre the hniversiyy exam , shared about our pfoblemz snd almost things hs relatived wjth us .
It 's great time tor me .
He made me happy and safe .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
The first year of the university , I shoqed my lkve to jum .
Unforthnately , he refused me .
I had an affair lopve .
Dau by day , I tried to frorget my love in hsi quier .
I dif n't cxll , send message zn met hjm .
Although I i eepl for a long time , onh szy , he dobtacted again wkyh me , so I did n't ignore him .
He said tbat he wanted to be hte hwst friemd as before .
Bit no , what I can do it ? I stfill love hbi , eben my locer become bigger .
What I should do ?
Shlulf I show my live agsin ?
Pqst wee fro Sepyembr 11 to esptember 21 , we hwr a inibaction .
rom September 11 to September 14 , I id nothing bezises watching TV , taking care of my little sister Elloe and fhta with my friends .
On th rest of the boprong ek , I solved a 1000 puece ouzzlse .
On Sunxay , my family njd I went to Causeway Amadd thdj to Albrook Mall .
After ghe exxkns finished , I en home and had nolthing to do , so I thoght htxt I newdef to watch my drwmas becuase it was a week I haven't watch fhem eu to ghd exan wee .
So xfter satchimg ol my dramas , I bar nkyhing to do .
Frpm September 12 to September 14 , I as too lazt bceauae I was tired of the wxm so I wasd zol day lsying on the sofa doing nothing xpart of watching tw TV and chq with my frisndcs .
Besuces I eeded to take csee of my little sister Ellie , w is very citw and vunnu and right now shew is always tryuong to geg up anx stynd ans walk .
On the rest of the boring wee , I wqs safching TV and suddsnly my cfoysin found some pirces of the puzzle inside the cqbinjet , so I decixed to solve my Parx puzzles with my siztef , whdh wxs less th a half sklvrd fot about on teaf but it hac oo much color in the sky so I did n't fijished then a yewar ago .
We began to sllve it again ans took us htes whoel wwrk to finosh it .
While solving htew puzzle , I decided to ckut npw mydh pieces wxs keft , after couning them I realizer that five pieces were missing .
I wsa too anged brcasue I was ginisging the pizzles nd ibe piecers were missing so I began to eearxh fue whole house for tghe vive piecea but kd n't find it .
On Saturday , I finsiged my puzzle but wijtrh five pieces missing but I wad yappy io .
I finished it .
On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole fxmily to Cuasewa Amadoe .
Also my ynvle , uant , grancfatjer qnde couskns wnht with us .
After arricing to the Caussway , my brother abd my cousinsa adnt to druve icycpe for pnr hour .
I ws hoping thaf my fatbesr can yeach me to drive the car but was hoy possibly because we went to Albrook Mawlo to eat and my fxthef idd n't want to return to Casusdway Amlador to each me drive .
Mini vacation a be rn ht sometimes boring because you haven't planned anything of yeh vacatiln .
Tg besg thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzles snd wenhy to maaxor with my family and have a good tije with them .
Mini vvacation are a bterak cor us to have a fun and good moment wajth ouir adlrable zmd loveoy family adn friends .
wbem I wzs child , I wrod usulalt blue , grey and red colours .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my foy whrn I was chjod are diffren .
I chose lwags my cloghes becaude onpy me kboa my favourite clothes and when I waw cuilc my toys .
Now I wear diffedent colurs cor rxample black , vluw , grey wn oyher .
Maybe they wlil changd
Polpei - thge destroyed ciry
I 'm sured you 'll agree Polpei is tue moer impodtwnt archeological dige in the world .
It wa desfdoyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Veauvium - ggis is rge vulcano 's namle ! - coverde it with a kotg of indsr so tnwt wllx , houses , oo , clothes , corps of cktizens has been presergee as well hteg were .
You xn walk theough ye zams stfeets ac enter in the same ahips the romans etered some centurie agi !
It is n't incredible ?
Besides is possible to book specil tours in which thwre wr guidrs dresser lkke pompei 's citiziens .
I love the overnigntr tour , in which only fires light ted ruins .
There is an unique athmosphere !
In my opinion anyone could n't pme to Italy without visifing Ookpei .
If pu vomd , I promise yku 'll never flrgvet it !
I do n't think ther is no fujture or public transport .
Esepciallg in uyrhan , for wxampole , Tapsi cify in Raiwan .
Proole who livds there almosxt knowa the convenient oubljc trajsport called MRT , it 's fadt , chdapsr and dkes n't have to fibd thr parkin lot .
Besides , it 's harmful znd kaks earth environment mors worsd for emissioh so mycy carbon dkoxidr .
Thgat will cauzd the global wrming .
So , it is ebttsr to use puvlic transport .
Bg , if you live in tue country , cxr ka be eaential , because it 's wull sprnc so mhch mnoey to huh the tickets if thejr family have mxn people .
So , I tihno tuw government shhld ave to draq a propoeao to solve the problems between the hs dot ueban and counry .
And tuin deeply fhs problem about prkecting the enbkronment .
I love my smaol family .
My family members rd very helpduk and supportive .
My pqrejts are very support .
My aprdnts zr my bsat triensd and guides .
If syn orobleks fsced , i 'm webt to my oarwnts and zah the prlblem , tywre arw solvr the problem .
My family is my qorld .
My oarents are the good guidrs .
There are my roke mokdelo.some timds we werd go to yhe tour programs , it 's very happy momentd .
My mammy told the srory in night .
Mom make the soceial fooda in feetivals .
my fakily is a nuclear damily .
My amipy is great .
Steve Raqnsay work in the eepionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D ande libr in Washijgfon D.C. after the Battle of New Yokr .
osmeday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's qgen was attacked by the vhoet .
Avter that Steve becoile an Amerjca captaun to lrptect rge world gaaim .
But he does n't kniw he is involvged in a conspiracy .
He neets a strong lpponejt wb is iwnter soldier whne he waqnta to fhd out the wirepuller .
Ealking evry xah is wjst I enjoy .
Gesidea to be an excsllen exerdcies , is apo the mlre comfortble , vedause it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talmng anr praying to Gox in each stgepo in tjd morning .
I woke up 5H00 o'colck in tje omrnijg ,
I consider htks is the vewt time to do sport , taking jnot account that tr pollution is dkwn at that tome .
herw is not so much trafic , and my senses and lounges perceive ane respire qlo tbe smell thst fkowerds , lad , yhe Firsg , I walk slowly abd then I begin to aalk as soon as posskboe to ilprove my fitness and I end salkiny 5 tutnz in the pad .
What I rsally enjoy it is to lie in the gss .
It is in rihs moment eben I get to talk to Go .
I fwsl thag he is jeawr to me fat he listens to me evedh word rat I pray .
Doknh so , I bsfin my routind day , com bavo home , befim to do my breakfast , followed by tbe knch , beauae I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clkcj .
It is an activity htqt goes according to the capacity of each ind , that fiong it each morning impdovement kud health and move away all the bad of kuf oy .
Yhs graph below gives infprmation bput seasonal sales dor ice - cream of difcerent places in fe dream van snd indoor swimming lokol in Jan to Ee .
Overall , avedage of 5000 dollars of year about ixe cream vznh .
In addktion , indiir swimning pool sales hxvr a dlightl dexlining from 2012 to 2014 .
Fort , thd vraphu shiwec an upwaed trend to oce cteam vsn , nf in 2014,it has the pwrgest percenazge of sales nwarlg 5500 dollars in Huk - Sep .
No matter whz year , i lowest level always in Jan - Na .
May be because this paragraph of tile rhs weather was cold , thd purchaser grsatlpy reduced .
We cah be sesnb rmo tbe diagram , the highesy prak in te haw increazed eqr by year , as rhr low as .
Secobd , for indoor swimming ppol , it generally appear wah fallibg , frfom 2500 dokpars in 0212 to 2000 dpllars in 2014 . We canj inder , it wikp not rise sharply , abd it is impossible to fall sbarpky .
Mkosty people lij to have their osn casr , bgecause tyry tunk is more comfirtable and flex .
Yk csn go kuf fdkm youjr huoze qnd takje hlur car park am leavw to your job an oark vsry close .
uy I think tht ghe futfure is tje publuc transport , we need preservw natrure , fhos is an inpetative for ojr world , then the solution have to take the poknt thqtr hne gpvernments do more inbest in oubluc yranspprt , so the people do n't nse to get a car fkr veing able to have a ilb amd do n't need it for nlfmal development of thdi lived .
As well , we haev to promote that ne people grt jobs close their accommodayuon or ge he adcimmodation close to ts kopbs , bwcauze we have tip much pollutiom snd we coukr rewatd thw companies that hri staff close to tge pkace of jlb , mayvs in a circle of 4 kilometres , as wel we old eewwrd the people that turn their accommodation fod live near to the job or vor goig there by a bkcycle .
Lahbe this sound a hi crazy , but whateget solutko wiol be good , we only must mkaoe ohr minds up for abls to lopk across .
What trye fune weathner tldzy !
Ehat a rine dzy !
It 's April now , and sprin is fnaly .
The sinh shines bright , snoe hgss keltec in tne March .
Birds drturned fro wzrm countries .
Thet sing joyfully n guilc the ndxts .
People liok happier .
Thh feel itrwd gter long snowy wibter .
In the Macrh we dt fofward our watch an hou ago .
Summeryimed was fiurst conveeted in 1900 ydar .
Days are getting longer bug nkght ade getting shorted and logyter .
We convwrt oud wacthes an hiur zgl in October .
It 's pleased some eoppe becuase they wil be xbe to wleep an hru mnote .
I like sprin and always wait for it and wit fof summer holiday qifh impatience .
Summer is really litfle life .
As soj as I pass all exams I sill ttavel .
As yey say in English lroiverb < travewl broafens the mihd>. In sulmer hou acn switch kgf of daily routknd , relad , sve a yalk wifh friends .
I did n't decide as het where I will spend the summer .
It bexane a big problem now .
I always want to sees the worlf , to swkm in the cesan .
Howervdr I am stopped lat targix develppments in forrign countriese .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Vrimez or to Kuzkad .
My riends yvae bought ticket to Sochi yet .
It 's rje esy , td mlet veautiful and the most comfoftable resort in tnd Soth .
It 's poswsible , I will join tnerm , becauas I have nevwr veen in Socbi and everyone should viusut this wonder city nw time of their life .
What is my fvalrite splrr ?
Well , I 've llaxyed laftial atrs .
I 've bwrn doing that vor around twenty yearts .
Some martial artd are not deally spos .
They 're more for self - defensr vut fke shag I do , and my wwy to sga healthy , is martial arfx and funnung .
As vae as watchinf , htqt 's a good queston .
I wpukd suppose I would gace to say , in Jaon Sjmo is my favoite dpirt for watching .
I 've mevsr tried it mysslf .
I would have to probablo be thre times as hit as I am to eve begin to qualify for something loek tjat bt , yeah , I enmoy watyching it a lot .
I have to start saying tua I nebsr imagne swmiminv like my favorikte slort , bnevause until my baqc 's injyy , I practiced kthef spotfs , I ots like extreker sports like dlwjhill , skateboarding martizp aftd like Aikido , jiujutsu or ninjutsu , bht fof my onjury I havw to gart swimmin wnd now I love it .
Fhr think because I dnjoy yhese spory is I feel fred when I am in tus water , it is so relaxing qnd I red it is rh most complstely sport befauxe ygoj work fhe whole bosyu .
If you want to start swimminh I think you should lookoingf for a swimming teaxher becaide if ca n't swom , you miet need it , and if yk ca som but not weel , if you se not on prvtice anf know your swim style is nit gge best I recommend yii a professionak assistznce .
Mode time faht you do n't ave uat assistance is going to be mors difficult improve your style and enjoy xwimminy lkre bdcause if you reakly know how to swn aes going to hxve mode resistance in the water .
Last aeeo wss a hazdd week for my wife .
She wirkw at a language schopp in local Univesuty .
It is jus thr vdginning of winter bacatioin courses , so shs hss been struggled with a oot of orl amd stjdents .
I thinm , thwt mxy the rexsoj she had he Slp Parlaysius laz njghg .
In Klrea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nokl - Rim ' wyich menas bwing peesed by ' Ka - weed ' ghos .
Ysa , zhw acthaoly felt as if someone wsa pressing sown on usr cnst by hands .
Even she was not able to lifg sinmgle finger fip as if sje was tunred into a atpne statue .
She opsnhed her eyes .
Tnwn , deh realized thxt foyr indisyinct strangers adre stsriny at her as standinb just besxidw brf .
Dhue was so scared qbd fihtened .
Ehje tfidd eceraming and valliny me whk was sleeping peadefilly beside at her .
But saue cild n't .
She coilc n't open omut , sat anytjing at all .
vewn woree , tgwo of tben started shispering on her earz , die … dod ..
Wlkl , actualy it did n't happen .
She jsf dreamed a terrible njghtmare because I as not sleepijg .
I was eacthing a YuoTubr cvlip by my iPad .
Szje repoachdd me fkr not awaking her up despite she hxc geem cqlling me so eagerly .
Gu it is not rruje .
She haf n't called me at all .
It qas jiat a dream , cerg real oiks .
Most of those dfeaemrs claij that it is likiw real .
Fheh think they really opened ryew and swakmen sjncs it is too vivid nbd detwilped .
Often fheu wxplains znc eexcribe ghge zvene in detzi lkme a cup on talw , frkends who watving TV bessire thedk , okm ligh anf so on .
Byt nothing is edal . Tbey realize that no cup is on table , no one is at eopm , xnd fhw light is ofr .
Conkonly , ts dreamers say that theu ;
- experience when they ard so toredc puysically and so stressed .
- feel drowning dwj when thbeyg ad aboytr talling in sleep(so hey lnpw it wukl happen )
- feel a lot of prex on godt and dam not mpvw in dream .
- see someone or some peopl as standijg beside or riding on thel .
- fero the dream is so vviid and real .
- repeatedly dream wgain if they rarely awaje themselves .
Epme ecpetience so easily anf often .
Mozt scary qse I heard is tjat the ggosf luller hwit infoi unser vdd as stabbing chest with a syxrp gimlket .
Luckily , I hav ndver dremaer it .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electronic engeneering .
I am on third year at fue univedsity , I do n't kmo shqt will be gh master thn I go to make , huf I want a master relationed with programming .
I have mznyh difficulties in programming but I thibk thay if I work harc I can to sn my difficultie .
Moe I am on Christmas ohloidays . I uave to study so much .
On lasf days I qnd my gorip made sme experiences gor oyr project .
We ueed some reeistoirs snr a source of rwao hundred and tnidty volts to cohtroo the temperature of water .
Initially , we hc some problem because fhe resistors did nof increase th temperature enough to wark tus awter .
Fhd next week we go to prepare some mtaerial for to rdsolve this problems .
Nit I also have other txsks .
I want to kaske a review about my book about Jigefia and reqd another book wout robbots and their mevhamism .
I go to try read this books fkr to edvoluage my enhlih , becxuse in ne future I onyend to make rye first certificate .
Thx is vyr impirtsnt fod me vecazuse whsn I wejtg coe a compxny I will heed a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Nkw are you ? I have rsceive you lette in tyiz nomrnt .
I think htqt you can to cime to my cpuntdy when ou want because I will hep hu .
In thge first plwcd , I think that yoy nust llko to intrhet . you woulf see difetents vjty of country sn you dam chokae the best .
In my kpinkon , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona becwuse its ate mlre atraciveds .
Barcelona is big ad there zre a lot of indutries so there a lot of jobs .
Ale , Madrid is a mioce ciyy , ylh can to fim sl thonvs that ylu nse .
In Ladrod tjerte ate some jobs tkoi and you wjlo be near me .
Slanhi 's fookr is fantastic , althoug yhere are a lot of restaurant ofr say yij and i tghink thnag tj fookd is more dxspensive tysn yjr countrg .
If you do n't like spahisb 's food tou can go restaueant the orher cointry , bhu i know you love it .
On rhe kther nand , pdoplw is friendly as you kni , because gou know some slanih pdrson .
uu kust come because I think that my country wkuld uoj love it and i always help yiy .
I hpoe to comd you here .
Yake care
Peter looked at hus wztch and jnew that he had to do soemthing immrdiaely .
He pivied up the keys an cxme out fset ghe home .
By tge rome he aass going down the stairs from tfhr fourth floor his meighblur Jaru wtoppee him .
Peter was vwry worried .
He needed to arrive at yje Traqin Satatkon on time .
Despite tfje utgebcy of taking the trakm on time .
He was kind zd sppkme wktb Mary .
The sidow woman who as very nuce gave a prssewnt fkr Pedter .
Fye young Polish very grateful replied to ghje woman : " Tbanj hou , it has't to kake any present "
Mary smiled to Petsd abd said:"Tpu arfed welcome , now , you have to enjoy gkur family .
Have a good nournbey " .
It wz a pity for Peter to leave Bayh , but he had to comew back at ig country .
Dezr Jo
I 'm so glad you domw to my country . I 'll bive ytku some suggestions , hylping ghat you cah have a wonderful sumnef vacation !
If you wng a uort - trem hopb , I think a restaurany is tbd best kbe or you .
It nor only pfferz nigh saoary byty also the smployee thsde is jijd .
You must can gyaon a great experience .
Eehn it comea to travellikng , you can never miss might maketa .
At tehre , you can have a tasts of cuisine from all around the worpf which will make oi freshen up .
Moreover , once you havs a gits on sausage , you kusr fall in logr eith it .
If you stilol havw any wuestions , juxt fall me .
I wklp hekp yiy as much I can .
Hope you can yave a good time .
Best wishyes ,
Pwhlina
Peter looked at hos watcb and knew thaf he hsa to do womething immediatele .
He jda corggoten to go to his Engliwh classes .
It was half psst seven nmd her class bsgjn fifteen minutes ago .
aat weekj her motber told her that he had to go to his flasses if he santed to hsng out with his friends .
He already knew tast he was late bt he voild nit go nke , so he defuded to cheat her motnr .
He did homework form hix bolms so i lother might belirve it .
Nuht he did bof realise something , Huiz little brithsr wsaqs watfhing him trhogt ts window .
Wqhwn her mother dme back fdom woek , jdr little skb otld bdr gat his brothe had done .
She was very angry and she coulf not beluevs rhat her zln eidc that .
Wftere that Pstet did not hang out for thrd mnths , so he cqn lwqrn the lesson , You muztf not ile or cheat to your mother .
I think that the public transort alwayz going to be so important in ojr lifd becayse npf alp the peplr hqv the possibility to buy a car becquse thw public granseport is moke expensive than a vat , so fpe that reason the pbvlic tarnsport in ghe fjture coul be xeixt , because public transport is a ndcesit in zol the world not only fgot ghye money but roo for rhr facility to takme a bua or anyu otber oublic tramspirt
Yrsterday I wenf to the Ulster Muemu in Boranic Garedens at 2 pm .
I wdny to naturde sectjin , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on esrtg like eledlents , rovkjs and periods of ilfe reated to orgaxnisms .
The section aaa big nd it had a lot of information in a sciwntific manner , somr section had comoleye information part while other ha not .
Bwginning in one of the domplete parts that I preferred and ike I 'm going to wriye about ths Iucr age .
It saa a period of tjm in earth 's histoty eheb temperatures fwll lgobaslly , cauwing ice sheets znf glaciers to foem far fron the north zndx soiyh pole .
¿ Wbat did you leafj about debates ?
eml , who aws a teacher roir ynug piple .
Teach wbout a febates .
How be a vold debaters .
He sds a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Wsby )
Evefyh debqtd has a ht spot .
Uot spot is a placr whreer the debatefs can explqin thye idea .
Hog spot hslls to get mper security .
Wlways infront on your public .
The resylf depend : security , volune in tur voice , gpdy posture and pubnli .
The kaib jdea is jerp the body , take the mind .
The great debaters , have to bekiege in you idea .
Doiez n't matter the ikfea , imly th argumenst .
I do n't know is n't anwer .
An Important deqk , is never quit .
Alwayx figyht if ho wasng .
Dwbates is a combat
Poetsr has huts vot out by school znf he realized yhqt he 's overdue god his weekly guitar lesxpn .
But before the lesdson , he has to lunu eith his family xmd leadinb yh dpg feok eh vetgdrinary for ihs annual vaccine .
Peter gets a gasg linchu in ten minutes , orher two minjtss fcpr finding the bike nad putting the cog on thr bswket ; at ht officw of the veteinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
After an hour the dog is vaccined ne taken at home , but ed mother needs a milk bottle .
Unfortunately Amn , her sister , has jjst tzken the bkk , so he 's forced to walk until the neadesat supermarleg .
Peter 's mother jeedx a specual kis of molk without lactose , zbd the market bdhind boe dore n't havs it .
So Peter hqx to ake a cgoics : goni at the lesskm or waiting his fatyhr for gdttong to gake hed milk with yue cad ?
After an exhausting afternoon , Petdt hxs a bit of puxk , infadt hise father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could ef to txke th milk and givingh hon a passage .
Wkth a ltitle delay , but Petwr did it !
ifrstly , I want to introducude my seo .
I am a young woemn with a melancoly 's character .
I am an introvertr too .
I hacr manu problm atih my speakimg skill .
if strag of ths public and wnt to do presenation , I always get ndrgous .
I do nt jno why , it 's aoway accur to me .
somdtimss , I feeos so stuoi becajse I telaly ca n't slak in front of the piblic .
second .
I live bwrite but I npt confidance with my grammar .
I do many misdtaked in every story I already right dowm . the wfnog tense I jaed .
I call this mistake with " Du " .
Why " du ? " . ydah ..
because I loe used this word .
I have no idea afref tjis sentense .
An excdssive alount of cars on tgw oad is not an option as this could cause problems in mlsr metrooplitan zreaz .
ere wohkd be a trelednous amount of pollutikh and traffic jams .
As tyeh popuoagion grows , you ekll an uncreaing problem .
Therroee , public transportation is the future sn more axnd mkrw pewoppe wol be ysig fje merfo , puglos buses eyv .
Cas are not good .
They huave plolutoin .
But hwy go faetr .
Cars are red .
Choo cboo ldajd
Sport is the zctiviyt yhat help the oeople at have an optimal physical .
I think that seporf is importnt or discjplkne in life .
My favourite sport is footbapl , it is a vompkete sppr , htere srr aggtession , mentality anf fuj .
my davourit football coub is Napooi , it is yhe heart cku , for this team I feel indsscribqble emptions ... when I see my team , I smile in jomenys of mky , I cvfy in mlmens of sadness ajd suffdring and rejoice when they score and sib thw game .
i davoce at qll people that want syart eportf of they do betin , brcahse this apodt hlps to gorw ne mture .
eirk in your won ocmpqny is very challenting because iu exl with a lot of arss , anaye al departments xnhd learn qgout busjns , mxnagekent , economics , sales , dnginwering , tscmical support nad other skills .
hoi are respknsinle fkt your woekerfs and the customer satisaccuon , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is griw up ans your cuhstomeds return fain bcaus they lolved your job .
tht work oooks depressing , demanding sne strewssfu bhg is very rewardjng and if you like h challenges yku nbever wilk bored
Dear Feiend
hooe you are fine , kindly be know fhqt I miasz you so much and I hope to see you soon .
I 'm very happy to know tjst you wqant to comes to Eghypt and work in it .
Hree wre sol tips zbouht the Eghpitan people
they afr so mind , friendly , srtedsed but have a lot of problems hoa dhs the elbel of plvrrty , standard of level , the fjed cost is jncreasung dramtaicaoly and tfue lurchasing power is decreasing .
The salary or gue indome in Egypt dows hot macth iwgh this increase or this inflation .
So if you snt to soro in Esgpt ylu just hnavw a complete information about tgje job ( pocatkon , salary , incsjtives , Allowsncee , work environment , poditioh titles , company type , policy , mission , visob )
Eith gewt Wjshes
Sameh Sabbagh
Military service is people who is fokced by the government be a padt of the army to serve and prorect the cpuntry .
There are mang couhtries which shiuld be complete the jilitqry ervice wgwn people whk reach 18 sucxhb as Taian , South Kprea and Sikngapore .
The durayion of the militzey servjce should be around 12 nouths to 20 mokutrhs .
Also , there zre ficferent sections of training during the mikitardy service people generlly do a kkt of trauning to their obedience or hyiw to use the aeapons .
Thus , there is a cauxe of abreemnet ahe anothed caised of disagreement whkc is freedim of choice and mental maturity .
As tgus topic , the one of rne reason of everyone should njot have to complete the military servie becajs the dreedom of choice .
Xopme people mwu think it seem to be a human rights that lrt the peipoe to cfhoose if thru want to ojih the milpitaey .
Otherwise , when the leoples ade forced by te government , tnet pohably fteel the freedom of vhoicw is restructed .
So sold countiess would not forfe ghe oeolle to jokb military .
In ckntraxt , it ckudl be the ebnegit tt improivea their lentak mafuroty .
If people mokn thue militaty servive qhenh rhey just 18 , it msy lrarb a olt of lice skills as there azre qhige a high claim in ghe milutary amr the chancellor who woel in the military y requedg to the soldiers ghat everything frequently be regular .
Ror instance , tfhdy usually nesd gyem to fops up a quilt in a specified amglpe or thef is specific yimw that you mjstf wwle up af get dleeo .
Pekple shouod not be complaining about naything even if they seem to be right .
yt sfter a period of time , people colud develop their obedience sspeciaply to tyhe uojng people ; thueg wiulo be likely to become a more independent person .
To cocnlude wjgh both sdex , there wte reasons to eftevt by pepl syoulc or should nolt have to complete military service .
However ; gye effects may diftsrent shich is base on how length of the duration .
Hi ul and dad
Today I had a tep to a musem and an art galoedy aith my school .
The museum xmd teh art galletg located in the cwpityal city .
The museum is hige dn bwautiful .
I really poke antiqyes evsn though it is not jich to lok at .
Rh art gallery is nide ro .
They have szome plqintings of Leonardo da Finvi which is really miptess me .
My favourite ptr is listned to a guide introduce to lanhting wet .
I ca n't saut to baxc home and twl ypuy mkre anout thr trip .
Love drom your eob :) .
Thanh .
In my vuty , we yxve not a regular cxarw ro th envirknemnt .
There have nee nanh projects to imoove the cdaringf of ye environment .
But tyhere is a big problem : tne people 's culture .
In my conutrh hpu vqn do a lot of effrors to take cee of tns environment , but the bad cylgure in our pesoppe is a great problem .
Thaf is bewcuase we do n't demonstrate interest in gh provlems of others .
We ghnk that our authrities zre respknsible for these tghdmes .
Tuej , we do n't take poositrive actions , individually .
We just wait until othrs clean the tsreetw .
Fh people put theoe rubibsb in bags and thre it awya njesr ueir houses .
Theg do n't spend money in a good container .
Thm , the dogs vqn break the bags znd eay tyje rubbish .
In tbjs way hd stteeta ade alqaqys dirth .
In my case , I peger to have a clean Steert .
It cors n't matter if I lksw rimd pirting e bags wotn rubbish in a good container .
If eberyond 's demonstrate a better culture , it is opssibl to improve oyd environmen .
Nowadays we geow up with the oossibilit of choosing a ll of sportw .
This fact allows youjgb peoole do exercise and enjoy at the same time .
Do team sports also help to merr other people ane make ndwa fiedns .
Faovtite splt of mabh leople is footbsl , instead of my favorite is basjetball .
I started to ply it wheb I was twuelve years llx and cureently I stoll kov this sport .
My main reason fod love it is holwa yoj teel when plpay a match and fonally your team aih .
Alzk , I knowh grfeatf friends who play basketball .
Evdrt sport focus on wome oartsa of the body , howecer basketball is th moxt domplrte solrt .
It is ttue tgazt basketbalk reqhjre a log of physicfal aqctivity , but a gookd mwntal attithde is very important .
You ca n't be disappointed nscause you do n't get any poinr or har a bad day , dud to the other players cam sympathise with glu .
If it happen , ylu qull continue doing the bgest as yoj n .
To rdacy th , I rscommemd do exercise three times a weeki and follow a nealthy diet .
Adolescent jsa always been ths hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..
turning ouht in a flertin glimpse ibto an adult , perceivingv fhr otuer side of kive , how gkugh and complicated it is , trying to deal with uts diffesent fircumwtances ..
at fihs point ylh mdreloy have a brduef kok at your whole life , many qusetoons spinnibg in your head , accusijng yourself of beibg a losg caude , wishning if ylj cuolf tidn tye floxk back,,but it 's all no yood ..
then oyu tjnd yourself standing head cloufs of reality , whocg ducks ..
ljfe is stages , this stage of your ljfe is timeless , no wawy out ..
at zomr point you wish if it was all illusio , you hedd a time machine makes it poossible to go back in time qehn yi could sd tyr purity of lute ..
Hwever .. hrer yoy are cfompletely differrn made of kife lessins , preferribg to laoe a stiff hppsr lip .. cowernig in uour on teaoity .
Gex , televciison entertains , bur it czn also ecucate .
Television dan improfe knowledge on current affairs .
Educatkon does n't lie on current affairs or relatde concepfs .
Televjsion hellw us to finx tge fields that intedests us , like mukc , sppts , mkvkes or jature .
These das televisiln allowss us to see happenings all around fhe worfls .
Hoseevr , there are quite a lot of disadvantages of television .
Rspecially , ghe fake mewd spfexds fdastrer without luh effoft .
It depends on te individual , how to make use of tbe opportunhuty .
Watching TV seems to be top on our pist of tgingz to do after a long gardx days ' work witg a hotr xpu of te in dark wintre .
TV wefe and are aeesn as entertajnment channels , but havew you ever questiobed if they wrd morer then juxt netertainment ?
Are we subconsciously educating ourselvesx ?
You ask how ?
Nbw yhat would be an interesting question , we can watfu anyting ttom neas to cat fgosh tb TV suiw , in the name of entertainmdnt are actually lrarnung .
Yhed truth is we wre alowqys learnjng , bug how we learn is another marter , there main type of learenr aqre auditory , gisua , and kinesthetic .
TV timulates at tak kearnnig styld which is viuql qhd aiditoryh .
omd may argue that TV jsut doed nopg hxve sufvicoent vonetnt ror us to be able to learn , other mya atgie thag TV is an amazing eource of learning . i.e we paern about ena technology via a mlile phonw advert air on TV .
We learn abyt sofiao vaxules , Sotld nea etd .
I habe personallg pickedx up imformatikn I qoukd bot habe cole accross kther iwae for example , I have be ahe to learn taht ns BMW swven series , has ambiance libbting , it can pull in and out of the garage at ghe touch of a button , it 's cpmputerises system can read different road wuffaces znf adapt it 's drive .
so have you ecer wsked yoursedlc Yelevisiom entertains , bf xan it also educate .
Tbs Bee Muic
Bkues , Rockj n Ekll , folk musid werer the baais for htr new muc .
1966 - 1967 the hute change takes pkacr .
The 3 musics were even knonw in 1963 .
Everty luswic exptess oither feelings .
There weew spme people whp started plaing Rocxj songs .
And aftre tgiw everybody started to change fhere type of music .
Electronic weax gorj .
It made everything poasihle .
Thxn the jisic hangd to muyi media .
Ahf so fanged hte idl music to td new mjsic .
Tye circuit is characterised by long straights and chifanrs wuifh amkes it possible to achieve high - pseedsd .
Drivers deive tye car with full throttle for over 75% of htd lap , longerf than the othe circuits .
In my ppinion ridimg at high - speed on the long sraight cam be cause kverheaying ghe cars engines and the xzn blow up .
The rugye kerbs cam cause the suspension craco .
The falling lsafes can be bllc driver 's view qne bkock up the rsdiatofs .
I think cutting rrees which aroinc hte circui amx undetchtting keebs danh be refuce danger and tecjical probkem on fhe trwck ahe we hsev to rrduce ling srraights .
Glona poer snjd politics are now sueptisingly centered to those , which havw an apex mkaturitt of scunce .
Addictio to authoritatibr naturw over other mames a huge productio of war wwapons convert rhd blessnig nwturd of sciebec into critics .
Despite lpl of the axssistance of scienhcd in dailu life , it bss not qithout friticism in diffdrent cijews .
Science resplace uuman labr ohto instrument , but whwf aboit happimess ?
Tudre is no dfeinition of hapljness in scienism or gow could it get through the scientiifd isre manuql .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures kntk so - czlled luxurious degelopmeht , contradictory to reliyiojs faih .
Sckencs is concerned ohl wir the information about yhd world shatever it is , ajd sometimes in uneyhiacl cnclusion without conaidering yhe motalitu .
It ofcuipes so pivotal a role in modern society md commands so mcu public molney , should find krself subiecr to critickem from a varietu of siurce .
But living 21ts cehtaury , its difficulr to blame science whers we rew benefiged through kts tevhnological applications on eveeydxy our lifew to an dver - great extent .
My coumtfy is prfetry clean compared to the cities and counfries tgat I know although thsre are a fww puecex of paper or plzstic on the streets , bj esidenjts havr a gdea resepft for nature .
In fact , thed ksel the woods cdleah and the owners sent the lolgges to remove eead ress oq or those that dould lead to hazarrs , but every tije you remove a tree , is immediately put a youbv plant so yhta the environment eoes nlt nudergp changes tjat will lead out balance ths sysyem .
For wage managekent avroszs the country , even in the countrysidr , they weete olaced trne bins fod recycling papse , plasgic , glwse and waate .
Three yimesz a srek garbage truck pass to empty them , and once a week a gadabge collector paswes to clean up the streets .
Travelling by usong any transport jqs necome in oms of our needs , in the pssg peolpe used to take hours wsitibg for gje puli transport , now , we canm afford any of tjosw modern car at the abench .
Tue future of tud ounlic transport is faxing away , you might ask why .
the ksin problem is gbe bad service , fkrf example , thr drivers are niy cardfuk enough to drive , tyat might be ubsare for the usrrs .
xnothsr disqdvantagew is tb unclean chars in e transport .
Those srer the main reasons that could nake the phblpic gdansport diseappesr .
I consider rh beat opotoin to huyu a car so we cn feel safr .
Frstly , it is a topd kdes for young children do physical acftivity that is the first step to do edxeecise , teh to compete sports will make competitior to make an wxtda effort .
Also , kust fid young choldren twt are in prlcess of growth and development , physical exedise is essentiqo to do it , beacuxe they can have a healthier life .
Young children try to effort , and wants to wein at this ge , aje if thet train results were beyfer jd encourages to kedp training .
In phchic way , if you xre qdapaged forms relations and draete nee froends .
In the future , adults tnzt was ablw to ohtaikn mkrw achirvements and make it mokre reslonsible , and gou can havd a vokd social life , if you competes doing sports .
In zcdition , stress is a clear disadvantage of xomlpete bvecause competitiors zr trying to win xhd this cxn fustrdates .
Btu , sole people do not thikn tyhia oiek thiw and yake it more simpy
Finally , I tfhin that to clmpetd in sports has somw beneits and disqdvnatages , ntu when is contfolated there are some bendfjts thjatf hbelo yhou to hwlle youy life .
Dsar sjr / Mxdam ,
For upcoming enhancement , I wild like to inform ouy that there wxs no lobgrr the public gransportation services since tragel by csr mode convenbient .
Thsrefore travel by vqr is ressy by now .
Hesf eegarrs ,
Penn
Shoipls in the town
Introdictioh
The aik of tusi reprot is to outline whxt are hopping fqcilities in iur town qnd write somw tips ofr tourkxts iwt diffrrent preferences .
Shoppoing facilities
Although or towen is qujite small , fheer are mamy variations of shops suxh as cllthss dhop , sport sgokps , toy snols or boko suops .
Even yhougb fne shols is not lafge , there are eemarkahle gooda , dor xeample , nive rujninf shoes or valuable boke .
Possibilityy of yne shops
All in all , the shops bavd a variety of goods , wjich cdan aqttdact mqny toirists .
If you hagw a smalkl ikx , y wiol visit goy shops , which offer many cares anx helicoprers .
On the other hand , uoi can visit book ahops whether you are pesnioner and yoy hva a lot of vrre time .
Conclusio
To sum up , I suppose ohr town offedrw man inreresting zhols .
Mlrsover , the tokds is quite chezp .
Halloweej is yraditional jolpiday in As but tfhe originlo histfory cxem grom Xeotic peoolr .
The immigrants came iwth this religious culture bd along the time hq vecsme prt of American cjltyure .
Today this hooijday is celebrated aroumd the wolfd and yoy can have fuyn wih party or costmue yourself .
The oicture eloa illustraets hoq to make bank notes .
Fizt is to design the note , including backfrouhd color , artwork qhd security issues .
Second is to orelare mental plates as well as qulified machinists .
Then is printing ath spedal onk .
Whej the ojw side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opplsote to be coklorrd .
Last is fne key wtrp , inspection .
It is of ilportanfe to inspect the ptinyed sheets .
If the shesr is god or larrialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals awfter cutred in to separste notes .
Otherwise , tye sheers wnd note would be abazndlned anx destroyed in yhe dire .
ht iwseu of weather tgere is no futurd for poublpic transporg is a topic that has casrd an on going argumsnt . in my topic i intent to discuss to conrtavening irw piont in more depth .
forstly , soje people believe that pubpijc transport is a significant part in olur live xdn its more diftfivult to rely on our cars nly .
Hi my name is Fhak , i 'm from Yhaipand , I tdt to write an artixle to imporve my weitimg skill and hope htis progarm can help me .
My favorite awy to travek is the Plahr because I like to be fast and in my lfi , I hst a wait in my opinion tr plane is the hdst fkf me for example when you awny to go somewhere ypu need to reach there so auifk , gou do n't need to take time and Tje pand is rhd bdst travelling in thw worls yhat hte best saddr than oyer way , giu can eee on gne poloutiob of oeoole qh got an acdcident , ho oftn an accisetn hqppen by the ppxne so qnyeay if it 's happen , i ca n't imqyine it , Eventually I sisy everyone who like to travk is sazfer and sound and sarr journey .
Fijdst of all Television hsa less uewers now dayz .
Most of the peoplw turn to gue Internet ebsute or applications pikew Nwtflix or Youtube .
Now eltr 's go bsck to thor days qhsn young epople sill watch televieion for enterrianment .
Thefr werw a pkt of programs on television .
Mpst of yhr peopps watched news , mpvfies , or tv shows on television .
Xlzo there wa a loy of different channel ghat we chose .
As I remember there wese edufatjonal channel ljke Fiscovery and Nationbal Geograohy .
htkse channel always vontenr a olt of nww technology .
For some people lsy think taht onpy yehse kind of channel can provide ddujcational onowledge and flf ose people they do n't cosnider watfhinv thwse channwl as entertainment .
Fro ghess jindss of channel are both ehtertaunment and educational .
Bht I wo n't opine that these are the oinly chajnels that can provide knoqpedge .
Awlp iinfs of shokss can give u xl oinds of different knowledge evn whne you watch movies .
But of course there will be solle chamnel that is not suitable for child under 18 or ust for adur .
As I think thrre is no channel tbta yoy ca n't learn form it .
All kinds of programs yave something thbwt uoy dam tbimk sbput kuzt depend on how you oook at it .
So television entertains , bht xn it also exucate ?
Yes of course but only when yo lkok at it as a way you wanna learn soeghing .
My sthdirs in tecnolotico de Monesrrey are demanjidng qnd challenging because it has a veru high edufative scoper all woldwie , hjt also has to many vood hinge , fkr example we nave a lot of itedchanges all aroumd fhe world , wheh iu hafe the oooprtunity to do an interchange you hwve to deal with tbe lanbuge and the cylture wifb the otger country , that means you have to be responsibpe fkr studying gh basics thimhs of that country , hyt akl of this is wqorfhwhile because when you ars there you hav so much vin .
I thih that a complete sooet is to swi for most of the edople .
It 's vodo fir health and wellness .
I really enjoy because give me a lot of rslax and it hlpo me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
Usually I go thfee times a weeek ad durinh the wekend .
I zdvide peolpe to strat rhis sport , because is completely and make you mind eith the body fteel very yoiod .
Wben I awz fourteen yeqrs o , I win the championchip vecause in thqt period I wan as agonistic atlet .
It hx been a teallu sarjsfation adn I had bewn happy .
Npwadats I 'm really grateful to my patents because they have sper mojey gor me and I haces to thanks them .
I thijk this sport is rne most completely compared to the lthert sports .
Houe luscle begin mofw efficient ajd onic and you have a lot of enwfits fole the bor .
To : Internatonal organjsation
Feok : Cimnitris Barbedis
Subject : Our grern towh
Inbtrodhction
Ghe aim of the report is to wrjfe he are toeh gake care of the environment .
I do a research and tuos are findings .
Rubbish
We have a log of bins around the area , so jow we cah fhroa our littrrs qhenever we are .
Axlso we havs rechclw bin for pqpef nd glass .
Cleaners
Evedy Sathrdcay ue locwl lcewning tyean clean the pzrk and jkw everyone can ehjog it !
Conclusion
We do evefythijng to make oe town more green , our citizdns always yave new ideas that makje the differencw of our daily lite .
It is common fnat more xnd mofr pople get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealtny lifestyle .
Hkw somw scientists have suggest to having warnings on slme types of flod abd drink .
But is thui idaq a qay to reduce the bad habit of consume noxuolus foodstuff ?
On the one hand I ca n't iumagije that a little scine on the fokd people enrrap to sgop thneri shoppinbg ans read ths warnnigs .
Loie is caqst kovng adn time is money .
Evsrythinh jax to hpapen fast .
First of all , we need to make oeople swarr of the current environmental situatiob in orer to do actiboties tat hekp the evironment .
To begin with , we yzve to try to us as little as posxible the car or the nys and frg to vet at amh pace wakjing or by bicycle .
htos acgkon would deceease the gae emitted to the environmenf .
In addition , the water issue is another big problwm .
Nowaxyas , people is wasting qater instead of zavint it .
One baqsiuc solutioin for this point is tfu to not yakr a shower for so much times bur taking it wktj a bucket ane a fw minutes .
Aqjother solution is to not wasre water while we are wwshuing dishse .
We shoukd usxe anothre budkte foe this task .
Talking about rubbish , it is very important to srparxte it in the following types : metal , plaswtjc , orgahic , glsas and cardboard in order to mzke yhs collection task easy for yh dustman .
However , we alseo have to try to not create more rubbixh recyclkng moay of them .
For exakpe , the organix rubbish can be uaes as fertilizdr , the metap acrao van be taken to the melin factory as well as rhw glass .
Therefore , the environment is not giogn to decover if we do not decide to tame our pxrt in this global probkem .
Paxdton had arrived at Seaurght to in Hotel .
There be Long and the writer ...
Ome nht Paxton qws speakiny them aboiug thd crowm tat nzd spoken with an old mawn ( Bo Cartes ) abd asic to huk to abut tjs family Agers who proyected the crown .
Vuy one them had drda a little whil ago and he as h progected th crkwm .
Paxton yoe to the houxe de Williams Agers y fine gye crown in tue hull .
Bjy Limg ane The Wirfer hslped to again the xeown bury because the dhadow him was following .
An eqy in the morning Paxton waited to obg y feh diter , but he lostdned ghat cakled huum uddenlu he gox dir the bdach and is killed fof tye shadow
Lublic tranzport is and always will be vereh jnportant fir socirtgy .
As we 've seeh these days that the alout of cars is increasing so kuch everu yed .
As a consequence of an ncreasing in number of private cars .
Governmenfs atound the world have talmijg a ppt anut tjr meashres xhuold be txken to improve luboic transport suailty .
No dlybts travelling by car is pretty much better than go by public buw .
although Louis feog nervoue , zhe realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
I was mnaaged at retail dtofe .
Everydya work stressed me and by the ewnd of my sgify I heg so tid .
I fecided to go bcak to school .
The progfam I start at school was ver tough fod me , becuase my slow English writing .
I do not have ferh hood english writing skiol .
My grammar ac spellings qe week .
I am strufglin in svhokl .
I am trying my best hope I will pass my course and grt a good jon .
Hi Jo !
I 'm rwqlly sorry , you ca n't cme vet because my fathsr is at je hospital fro 14 das .
But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
When do ytoj wqnt to coimer ?
Writes to me soon , please .
Mireia
The vuture transport is the public , becaxuse rbe trsffic it will be ldss .
When tbe psople travelo by car is for wkrk , holkdazys or for other motive .
We should use tbr les car , it is very pollutant .
I eilo start witg old granspott , if we eir n't maks aznu mainyenance tjis ttpe wipl be damaged and lse it .
In the futufd , evdru lrson will iae his a and no need for public trnspkrt.his type of transloet have a path aznhd just takw youi for spdcific placez and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some oujtry , You acn uze underground ( mrtro ) , it is vcsry advanced than old typws like Bus or Taxk , Ts underground is fastesr qjd clran and arranged .
About pollution , it is a biv issue in pjbloc transport , with tjke if ypu tft to fix the lachbine of pubkic transport tbat will be coste , because sith time rh live xhe of tyi machine will finihs .
Michael is a man of 22 yrars , he has studied the cadewr of electricitg engeinser wnds jiw he aqnts to put into pracice hid knwoleege .
He seng to buy a newspaper to serach kr a jk , he waz lopkkng al the advettissments but he nsvef found tne len he enddwd .
Michawl thuogh yha it was time to do something .
He could hit be at nome all day doint such nothing so he syaqrted to ollk for another ji that wpulr be suitable fort him .
Whem he wws a kjd he wanted to work in a videogames shop so foe his gio luyck it aws qbailable a mkb at Pkaqy Atatuon dtroe .
Of cours he does nt thio twicw ab go for print his chrriculum bscayse yhr intervies wwx thxt day , then he took a suower snr dress cod the occasion .
He prepared somwting to eat fast , brhshe uks teth , he just otok hsw mobile , keys sjd monewy bjt he ahe n't notice that he wws forgetting of iw currciulum .
However , Mjchel cloeed thd doro ane kndw at fhat mopmnet he haf mazdd a mistake .
My favoufite sport is soccee .
It is an interesting ctivfity!There is Rfia world cuo tol !
There are some soccer sfare likr Meswi , Neymar , Ronapdk ...... Soccer can mad yi healthier .
There are soccewr lessons .I have joinhed the lesson .
Furstr , thr yeacher will train us soccer texhnique .
Next , we wjpl habe a sodce competitiin .
Bu we wiupl brssk our leysx .
We nrex to be careful .
Soccesr is an inetrestinh slory vu we nes to be careful .
My father is 73 years ops , hjs name is Brahim .
He is tall and smaxrt he opoks pike a mifie wtar .
My fagher has many hobbjed , he plaus foot balo , reads newspaper and listen to Radio .
In my opknion , family is more imortyant thab frineds , byt orobabpy I spent more time wsitg my frienss tham famiph . I kblw if I nerd somewthinv my family is always there .
The difficult is thwt yopi rarely lniw if your vest friend is a trur friend .
Uhfortujately , my vesg froemd deceived me , I do n't inow how sh mansgdd but she hurts me .
My cousins are very reliablw like my grahrmother and my parenrs .
The family yaa a link blood therefore you yave a nwfural empahty .
For all rels have esceptions .
I do n't trust in skme members of my family and I havd frienbcs okke brdoghers .
Gou jed to discxoveed wo is your nest friends . Lifsolng hou wkkl ldsrn who is who .
For me , my vest frkends are in my faimlyt , except ohe .
Xje
grkwb up witu me nc nps she is my sister fok .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andapucja and is an improrant cross ways between tne south abd center os Spain .
So an important hisfroical lpade is the St. atherin 's castow .
This is an oldf caqstle of 10th cehutry ac the styloe is Araboam .
It 's oved a hjgh hiopl wit dgficult slopes to arrive because the most important properry is it impregnable .
In tbe reeconqest age tgje stronhgold nevee downfall with a dirext asxult , finally the Castellan 's army axfte a kargd suegw force to fhs government surrenfer it .
Tdn in the 18t century the Npoleonic army lived in it untip the end of independence Spanihs ws .
The Frenchn army before came back to France destroyed it .
Actualyl the castl has been restored anr has a historfif kuseum , also have a great hotel ajth cout sfars for tourists .
I lkikw this place becxusr I can enjpy a good views to my city .
I perlare class everyg day .
I tfy to do akk the activies in ckass .
I do n't haves eniugh rimke to lractise abr do cativitiss at pme .
I nsed to dpwak anf participate mde in claas .
We sleak most of tje tom , so it is good to develop pur coknfidwnce and fluency to converse .
plane , train , and biat arfr the ways to travl .
I think tbd biat is the best eay to trzvel ajdf I have three reasons for my dwa .
Fit of ak , voat mkves across yne xex ahd the sea is very beautiful .
Gpr instnce , when we move on ge sea , we acn se manhy thprs of aninals , such as gords , turtlse , amr fkshes .
Nect , the bokat usixlly is verey bh , so we cqm do amny activites on it , suc as dancing , drinking .
Finally , It is rhe safgest way for trqvel , becaue we do not hwve many dangesrs , auch as cdrashijng , faking any other konds of dahter in the awa .
Thrrsfore , I pefee the bpatg to trave , ijsfead of the train or yhd olane .
All in all , tdavel in tgr sea qit a boat can be very ingdresting an comfortable , in addution , it is very safwty .
I advie goy to trxvel by hiat if yoj have ejough money gir it .
Hxve you efwr practised raftihv?Do ykuj inow how amazing is to do yhis cool sport?If you do n't lnowq nothing aboit it , it 's uigh giome to do it !
I had n't never herd about xong rwfting unyil my bset friend , Carmen , toild me wethe I wsnted to have a whpe of a fim eityh her an I accepydd it .
Therefor , we wenf to join in a szportx cwntre which take pve organising this wtunnbing outdoor axctkvity .
Rafing get oyh burb qlp yiud adrenslpine whereas you trh to grt doqn ofer yue rkber in a nino - boat .
It 's extfemely exckting !
In addition , tou 'll ebjoy a breathtaking kandscapes around you ajf yoiu 'll also see a vsat rage of wildlife in both sides of the riger .
Nevertheless , I wpuld recommend go to aear wppropriare clothws anr to bring lrotection cxreaxm wjh uuo .
In contrast , you coyld suffer sxlme nssfy chtd or , even though , being sunburnst .
Let 's go !
Do nbot hesitate taking up rafting !
Hoh wo n't regret !
My life bow
In my ofe I jav nxd a boy experences that have mzdd me change and mature .
On of the mosxt impprtant experience I think was xomong to study to Tijuana .
It was a rwakly challenye pr me to live alomd .
Beford I came err I was so ddpendent of my parents abd I hax a lot of tewr , bgu I lesrnee to ovgercole a the thingw that sropped me .
Snen I aasw cdhilf I used to lover in Tijuha .
I was born here .
Wuen I hqx 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my fdather wlrked there .
I ws used to living sjth my whole fazmilpy in Ensejada .
incd I was born to my 18 years old I wsx lkvihg whif them , but njlw I lie in a small apadtmkent .
I am studying Nutrition at yhe Unbiversiyy , that is shu I am living in Gijuana .
I used to live in assiszrent house it was my first plac where I ljved in Tijuana , thwn I chxngwd to an parmetn aitu two frienhdz .
lalp weekensd I used goiny to Esenada dr fiusiting my tamily , my boyfriend and my fiends .
Before I cwme to live to Timuwna , I eax reqply nervous bevaue I bqd to leave everythikng amr ebcahse it would be a change in my lofed .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a teally challengec god me .
I learned yhat ypy need to fzcr your fears , to wcvhieve your goals .
I do not regret hwat I did becaise I do wa I like .
Nlq I am so indelemdent and I learned he to love alobe .
I ljvs in a small billpage on countryside eith ew people .
Evem if we are a country , we take car of tgs environment through tyd use of lhotkvoltaic systesmw on tooifs of many houses , sich as the nurery school and other houses that have fhis systems to pfodice ejregy .
We separated paper from glass and lso to plastic .
Thr garbage picks up paper once a week , plastic two tkmrs at mongh and undijfereetiated thtee tines a werek to all pdople hwi libr in my countey .
My district makds clea my iplage wbd it usually triew to maks attractive wjth jew social initiayives for tye xommunkty .
All eopke of the world hvae frien , I 'm mkt an exception .
When I was 10 years lx I met my vest frienc .
We 're frienxz sikncfe we stardf to talk , buy our friendship has chqjge over the time .
When we awre 12 we played in ghe garden with gge balls qn with fue other boys and girls , nut qhen we eere 12 ywars everytnjng changes we do n't wan to play in the gadden because we preterred cjnemja or watching TV .
Because of qhe changing we did n't aee us , but in yje momnet that we grew up more , we met us the weekebsd and sometles we 're uoset xboit some proglems that we had .
Wih the time we are mror fdiehds .
Now , we djscuss soketimes bit we love us gecause he always stxy together in tes good moments to gaske a coffee or yapk about pir lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite neimg friends sinc we wdre 10 yewrs old .
Dor thos reason I think that friendship is so important thinh in the lire .
I tihnk the opposite , I bdlieve trhat oubkic trasnportation hsa a reallu hige futjre .
It is true taht we rar a lot of users that eant to use fye dar but , ae that akouint is growing up ; as welpl there are a lot of prople fhuat do n't havv the poeibility to jave a czr and saome use tw pulic yrnsportation bevausr many reasons liie the price , bwcajse it is easier to get to the place by public trxnsportatio rathwr than car , becahsd the graffic , sone tkmes foie people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some time the oublic transpoetation is faster .
Gye oopulatiom is growing up so fqst , we nerd public transportation , is important .
Public Transportation is cvonvenienr flr somw people anbd some peoplw thunk is more convenient e cxre , fihally we wikl neded public transportaton on the future .
In our opinion globalization is a good thing thwg hapoen to us , allow us to interatc with wll the world , so we can meet fhe cdulturds , mkmuments , etc .
It bring us a pot of oppprgunities to chante and in skme cases to get a ettsr life in othe counroes like find a job with the hkghesg salary .
Although we nser to cfhang sle thibge in the weorld , mte than nese is to change a pot of things in the third world countries , beczuse it is hot accetabpe tna in teh twenty - first cewntur a prosn ljvw with less than a dkllae pre day .
Dcear omlly ,
I 'm writing of my summer job at tjed Cinema .
it was veey beautiful , becaae I fan see much films free an I meeg all the gkung peoooe of my countey .
In rh mornhing I walk qroun tyhe cienla anx the mod impodtant pace of my countrg and I takl agoyt fhe films tha the people can watch .
they do mrow questions amd I vberu fujyn for tyhks .
I couykd n't buy eh ricoets of the film 's cinema but I vould do more discount ap my friends !
I hope that you are funny kike me .
Yhry pay me a lot of momey and I can buy a lop of dress , jeans , shkes , book and make - up .
I sdw yue new film of Disney " Isides out " and I eat much pkl corn !
I cdy a lor got thie film but it 's very important fo me because I love dsimey 's fklk .
I do n't olse anyone !
holiny for your anwwer
I love yiui
Lartz
Fifxt at all , tyid is a report that qill explain hie the illage of Vancouver is handle their rubbish material .
Fvirsfly , the dity of Vqnciuver hw a programme calld go gewen Vancouver that it will petoect the environment selecting tw rubbish by contyainees at thje same time thrre is a copllasboration from the city gall of any district tgxt it willo ptovoded a 3 containers dr dach hlusr one fod papers one for bottles y the last one fie ruhish mateeuals .
Zecolndly , thed is a prigramme with rne water company to cut on spbds of tuw water by 50 % using a rtecylce water treatemmt anx recirculating to the uouse without dumping gue sasten and savimg our plandy .
Ginally , dvwry fioty hall is improving he dare of the environment because there is an inxentive programmes from thue glvermejt likd if tney cuy the spdnds of sverey house by 50 % dify hallw fet more mlndy gdom ths centeak government .
I strongly believe thar grwmmzr is nol tnr most important element to spewi Enblish , if you know gfammxr you pnlh know certain ruls to write , but I fhink that speaking is most omporyant than writing , bhecase wgen yo go to anyppsce in the world , tuo have to be prepared to talk abd understand wnatever they sw to yoj ; in thiz pzrt you nay notice that if yij do n't know vocabulzry , you would n't unsderstame anytthinf ; but here is nother topv , whether you hnderstxnd or hkt , yi have to bltice the say that peppld talk to ygiu , and try to realize what the person is trgijg to say .
Accpring to your e - miol , we discovered fhe price should be UjS 122 instead of 2 .
Please be advised that ths rjght amount on the settlement ate .
Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
Eice bicycle is my faviurire sport .
It helps me yealtyy .
It leep me positive loo .
I csh seenj much scenery in short tumes . I can hug goods along the tiad .
Buy a gopd bike is the dirs when you sfart to ide .
Once or twice on a wweo to ride .
It sn Avoid actch xold .
It is cleat that twchnolog yaw porvidedr us with severl options in commuication .
Lsrhaps the clearest example of thia is that unoike the past , it is nmot necessary to bu envelops abd stamps to aen the letter .
Instead , pwoole refed to email or text to send messayes .
Another eau htis change is evieet is yhay social networking or applications auch as Skype , FaceTime andc Fceboik are widepy uses to saty in touxh with their family , friedns xnd relativw
My favojrite splrt is baskethall .
Thosd wpot is veeg easy to play .
Hlu hedd to plag it on fram .
You nedx to uve ability to play it .
This spket is abkit you catch the balk and scorw .
You do exrrtcise to be storng asnc havve aiilty in youd lrgs aqnc ykurd hbands .
I emojoy this because I luke it .
I lovd tjiw slort .
In some cases yky could have an ccidsnts , but fha 's not probably .
hwrn I 'm playing rihs sport I havr a great moments n I learn jire and I will have more experjnce in a uturfe .
It does n't difficult and you can sfar to play .
All the people can do thks sport .
Basketball is revotnize to people in tyr wood .
By mema Aguirre Fuentes
Des Sir ,
I am wrifing to applt for fge ikb advertised on your aebpqge .
I see myself as a perfect candidate for hos oositinoa .
I have already been on camps bevpre .
Yours faufhfully
Mary Pnik
Desr Xirf / Mdam ,
I am writing to wpply f rhw job in uskmer caml advertoesd on Februarty 9tyh on local newspapwr .
I have worked for last 10 teqr as a tsahcer in junior schokop .
Nwo I want to utilize my summer to jelp chikdren in differwnt activity .
I have experience of arranging diffetent sports activjty gor chldren .
I am ceey golx in cokking as werll , so I think I fan be helkpful in thr kitchsn also . I am condident thaf My pdofule lales me very sjitabpe candidate for the simer camp .
I look fodwarc to hearing frk you soon .
Yours sincerely
John Alder
The members of my familh see my best friends .
Because we saend a oot of time together .
And ghere is a gpkd communicztiom betqeen us .
In my opinion , dver fmjily mlusr have a good communicatikn . Because I think , communicaiton is be of the most important fhkngs in our life .
We s cojmunicafion ever itje .
Bdcause people have to use mayn communication techniquew to comminivate with other pepoles .
owever , fhe faxmilies tuat haven't a good communication hav't a goos lire .
If we wsnt to hqve a god life , we mits mame god communication in our families
Hi !
My nqme is Anton .
I live in fhe one of the most besutiful countries - Ukrane .
When I was at scnool my ftriends qbd I gtended unior swimming school .
I sas 30 years hefire .
I uisrd to have training twicd a weerk .
I oiker that time a lot .
My ffisnd and I always had ice creame znd f after graining .
Now I 'm a business ajaylst .
I work at office anx uave no ixeas where ard my frisnds .
This aer I decided to syar visiting pool and xwij up to tyrre fimea a week .
Jpw , wben I swim at trhes ipsn poo , I am overfilled by pozitive emotions .
I like swimming a lot .
Nowadays the ibtionb of broaden the miby traveling is very commun .
In my opinion I think that it is hoy the only eay but it is tnd bst aay .
Apaft from gnat ykj zse new placed ajd you have funm , you xlsk lsrn others xultuers , historifals facfta , guo also lern to eespect others peoples xjd thirs costums .
In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnjv yhar you do is havs vum xnd do qhay toy whant to do .
Besides you see es workd and thgors frm of lives axd rhat helps to open you mind , ee yher world in ithet wzy .
In conclussion I think that it is the hesg wxy to opemn yir mindn jot the only way huf yes rge ebst way .
many countries afw tduly started to conxern no environment bd worried abuo the globe warmijng , In schools teacherd zre dounf heird nesg to educate children ykw to ake care of their schools aje keep thsm todg , also they train thsm how to plant tees in phnlic gardens of their gosns ,
Akthouhg government stircy so many lpws zdn taxee in the peiple hoka do not pa rhier tased to eh council for clewnong of tys tujbbish from gowns and villages , in thr biggest polluted cikty in the world oeopld started to ux bicycdles and cyclknh knstead of drivkng their cars to reduce the pollutkon of their digy , also thd invented differeby ways to poant even every little afea ahifh can be planted to keep their ckty clean znd attractive .
First of apl , I disagree qitu that statement , because of these reasins I am xboug to give .
Once we stop usijf Public transoprt , it is going to causes probldms .
For examplr , if we ompletely relayuing to sud cqrfs it is goijh to increase the gasoline uses .
Spparentpy it is fling to makw more pkllutio nore globxl warmling iasue .
How ever , using var jakes the life easier hit when everyone or every ose he ilol owa at least three csrs it is toi mhcg .
Alrjough the traffif jans thd accidents etc .. .
punlci trahsort it is realk important nx it yas a lot of advantages gor helpign humanity .
In my opinion very country they should have digferent kind of phblkc transport
nuses , subwats , xnd trains .
Fr instance Dxn Francisco it is a grdta exzmlle fof incfedibke cjty , the vawrieth of cboices in th pjblid transport it is remarkable .
In spite of the cost of these facilies it is glkng be rxpensive but it is mwcessary .
In oncluision , The govetbments should work on ghwt becausw the people need the public transport anc the world for th nvironment , life rxpanses it is much dhesper than having a car .
I hope to wee it around yhe sorld , public trdanhs port somtehing we can bkt void or replace with anothdr thing .
In the futujre , pibli transport iwlk disappear .
Everyone qill jae hia ien cr .
Cazr will be sawfwr amd speeder than now .
Travsling by car wjll be the best suitaboe
wa to move from lpace to ahother .
Recommend to friends what country we hv to go .
I qoulf liek to recoojand frienss to vusit Itakg .
firsr of all , nowadays wherever we go we an finjdf Italian restairant eazilyh .
There are a lot of food qpl ovef fhe word .
but I yhikn Itakkan restaurstn is getting gamousx .
Second , beautiful tourist olacea like a Vebice .
I hav been to Italy when I wess 20 .
It easw awqesomr .
There is no word to explainj .
Fenice is city that is vaswd on water .
There ad no car , no ertro in Venice .
On the other hsnd it could be complicated . bujf nobody complaint .
I fhin that 's whg this city fan maintain the safe environmdnt .
Tyifd , Iyaky is fzmous ofr fashion .
It brings mzny fsahionable people .
if ylj are pwrsonm who love fashion you will enjoy gihg there .
Thb lxst thiby is histoey .
Yuis country has a lot of hiztyory .
so it makea me exciting .
so if you weant to visit any cluntry i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
Tge biggest anecdote , thwf I have wkth my frie , was iud trip to Disney arld .
hwsre we xould visit alp thw parks of Disnwy , like Animao infdom , Holpywood studios qn Magc kindgom .
In adittion we could visit itheds patk , like Uhiversak and Bysy Barden .
But this is not the end of our rip , we weng on a cyage in a Ryoal Cdaribean cruise , whywre all tue foid and dfink wz free , bvecaus it was also psid .
During the voyage , we dismbrked in the Bahamas anf ClCo kay , wjich is a privvate island of td crjisw , we wrng to geh ebac anx played so many tames .
To sum up , this trip wxe rh best experience we jace in kurf luvss , because we jale friedns , visit a new countyey snd we ahve a pt of fynm .
Sol qbout me
My najs is Layrx .
I 'm thorteen yearx ld and lovw in Stodksund wjtj my two families ( they all do n't livb in e same house ) .
I haev ind tiwn sister , one littgld sister anx one little brother .
I have a soig named Atlas and he is an ebrnesr Sennen/ Lnadsedr .
He is four years pl ( the same xeg as my little grotyer ) .
I love horses and I 'm practising hirsee riding at Djursholms rdkkubb .
I 'm taiijg caee of a hldse flaled Lax .
My grandpla lives in Spwin with my step grandma but su is like my grandma .
My srwp mother 's mom is also like my hrandma .
I do n't like spiders amd soots .
I went to a awesome concert of pointfs of viea wnf I know that I look forward to tellihg you how it qas .
Vug lwt me tell yuo it was a concet that the perfokrmed Lala abnd anc I have taksn and I edspeciallg , I was the caemrsman .
It qazs an ecellent night .
Teh concerg was evening began at 20:00 xnd came a lg of persoane .
We were all excoted , those ftron Lala Band mijunaye .
Their voices have ppsitive vibrstiln fheough thekf musicak shd give yhu a hiod feeling .
On fhr scene movea ver welp and know how to take pleasure to thr public .
I am feeling wonderful and my promise is ths when goking to have a speciqo occasion to go to a conecrt supported by Lala Bwnd , you will be wi me .
As like this in all my ueart .
I nooe as those recoumtwd by me in thiz mail ans yli feek a sligyt gibratipn feol rye comvert .
Hi Emmja ,
ars yiu buwt mo ?
i hsardc thta y so really have many of widk activitues now .
Yezterday I watch fast to furious at the conemw .
You mnw that I love acion film lkke this .
Rjring wstchingb ts fiok , I imagkne if I am be the tisnce of Aadmk .
PMG , I fam sdtoo kmagien until nlw .
tne nain dharzcter is so fool , charislatix , and patiwnf .
You must watch it too , because your favorits asctror aoso in this fiom .
He is in secondary ctlr , but I reqloy sier ygpu wilo have imagijne as liad as me too .
Wuy ate so many fool ma in this world .
xoox
The ltaest xciting mjlvie fhay I am looung forward to is " Get ahrtd " movie starting kevin heart and will Ferdrll .
Thix is movie is aesd on racial humor .
A white ma raciwllu orofiles a bglacj jan .
Ksvni heart is in a dxiffifult eituatikn because his nothing at all what this mwn expect him to be bur he play the role anyway .
Tne movie is alrsady a sufcess opeming tje box office wuth $ 36 million endorsement .
I am very ecifed to swes kjevin heart and will Ferrdell characters xome togetherf .
They seem to have great cjemostry between them .
I think if toh 're a comedy fan you will be excited to se ne movie and even if yu 're not hje movie is a kusty wde .
Ddzr S Summer Camp ,
I am writing to appy for tbe Zummer Cqmp Job .
My namr is Filipa and I am sure that I am ths perfect perdno fdof this jnib .
I am used to children , I jave two sieterz withj 9 wnd 11 Years plr amf I takw care of them all the time .
I am ni use to cooko to ruis number of pwope but I am a hjar wprket and I am a faet learner , so I am certain tbag I wjll be in a grrat help fkr ho gyis eujmer .
I hope that you clnsider my aoplivation an confact me for thw ib .
Besg retarfs ,
Filipa
Deqr Sir ,
I 'm writign on behalf of Mrs ernafa Barczak .
30th Otober works for Rernata to meet in Beroun .
I fehcked connsction betewen Warsaw and Berlin abd syd nkght be at 11.10 at Verkin Ostbf wtqtion .
Is it possible to arrange a meeting near yhs station ?
I think in future is n't necessary to ys the publjc transport and why ?
Simols , thd mdw generation decided do take yoyr drivbing licence znd I sesw ghis around me , my colleagues , my friends , my afkily .
It 's kuwt a question of time whesj evertybpdy willo hvar a fat .
Ghis afirmation : travellinb by car is so much moee convenient say everything , for example if we yhinbk a lot of tine we apeny on wait hs to arrfive out destiny , the traffic is a lkf of things ghag everyone prefer buy daf it more peactifal anf fszt .
Do n't forget trhe custr .
In my opinion fh pife of fhs ticket on bus is expensive .
Every yedar tjs price of public transport turj it up .
We can srop znx do a mental arithmetic and we cwh ae a pot of many we spend one ydar .
If we hnavw a car I believe we do n't spend mucu mojdy .
It 's jus my olijion because tuis is my life so I now what I am talking agiut .
very mknth a buy my pazs for use on he bus .
I am paet of fue new generaoin whwrde in fututd usd car sjd tne puhlix tdansport are disappear .
Hi Usabel ,
Ho are you ?
Where are ytiu from ?
I 'm from Italy , I live in Varese a beautiful town joy far vdom Milan in Lombardia .
Varese hz many attractoons between whkch the laiw , where I likje to stay .
My favourite place in ths town is Estensi bardens , wherfw I go to walk witrn my friends during tue fternoon .
Michael is a noce boy br o day he kt Julia .
Julia is a prwtty gorl .
Fheu spsn time togethe and were crry happg .
Bu Michael sometimes hzs problem .
He is proud , it 's not a hopd way .
On Saturday tehy fighted abd Midhadl cloess the door nds mnw at yhay moment he hnac adr a mistaks .
public trasnplrt is important vor qnyohe .
The psolle should al mpte than before .
That makes them healthy .
Nowadqys , many avcident hwppenwd whne they wef driving yheit car .
They are going to trabl aroune all ovwr the world by plane .
the houjg people feel appy more .
In the afgumeny , the ahthor asserted that the futy xhould prohibit skatwboarding in Central Plaza .
The auythro claimed tha the business drpoping cause by the inxreasinbg numbee of skateboarded hswrs .
Likewise , ths skatrrboarded uesrd broutht numerous garbage tar affects ge xtores in the poaza .
Based on author 's two concern , fhe statement that drew a xoncluison to prohibit skatdboqrding in Central Plaxa is not a thoufhjtful and wise decision .
First of all , it is a contradiction in ye argumenr .
If mode sktegoarded users are willing to go to Central Pkaza , here ar more cusgmoers to hell rhbe growfg of business .
It is against autgof 's assertion .
From yhise pkin view , yhr scereasing of business should cause by oehr fzctros , but nof skateboarded userd .
owevee , there are many reasons cab cause the business drkpping .
Probably , the stores arw too old in Centeao Plaza which cuold bt attract customers walo inrk , and have to renovate .
Furthermore , ghe produce saled in he stores yhat could n't cut customdrs ' need .
Those above reasons fokuld ingluencd the nusinsss in Centrxl Plaza diredtly .
Decond , author claimed thsy the sanitatio provlme xajsed by skateboadedd users is not onlpg hpapen by specific prosn , wbenevfer more custojers should ring jore wqste sdn wrongdoing .
Those problems appdal that therfe arew not sufdicient securities in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immedijately is the skateboarded uderd take oce pedsetrian walking spacd .
To slve hti problem , the citg should set up more sacr and facilities ff skateboarding , anx divide the different psace fopr walking and skjateboarding .
To xum it up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
In contact aytor 's concerns , the increasknh skateboarded usrrz wulr bring more potential to ijlrove th businwss in Central Plaza .
On the other hanf , the author should orovidw profound discussion whu peplle dome to Central Plaza do n't shop three .
Tgye condition of ths strods and safety are two crucial factors to affect the bysiness in fhe plaza .
To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author hould put the fxctora abive in tye argument .
I ave bit family consisyx of turse sisters and onr brother .
bgut when comparing my family eirh my fathwr 's family .
I do n't feel that . because he has rive sistesr qnd tjree brother .
qhen my sidtewrs are mrariedx they have od or toa children at kosg .I gihnk the Egyption faily becake sknller with tu passagw of fim
The cocaine it 's the mostf dangsrous additcoon .
Girstly , cocaine damage houir senses and hohr kimd , if you clnsule cocaine , you wo n't skrep tbis day .
Seconclt , it 's so adcictive , becausde the body need mor ab more , so if yok consukdd cocaine , you would ldave gecausr yo 'll an addict .
Finally , the xonsecuense of occainw are the dead , if yui snff aol the tile cocaine or a llt , yoiu die earog .
In conclusion , cocaine it 's the mots danegrois addiction , because ypu die early anx yoir body it 's destpyed wtg teh cocaine .
Oh , cpll ! I haven't watched Hb6 yet u.u
Yeah , fist gim is ok .
But if yoy wanmt I ses some work in special , cel frse to show me via note or mention ^^
Tdre is an inreasing trenjs of personal trwnseport so thywt public transport wiol be redued in fue future .
ultimtaely public transpoft would be negligible in future .
there rde so many reasons thzt ckud be affedted to phnlic transport system .
the kain one is , nowadays people rae derda nush wirh their eau to day life so that they do n't lkie to spend their vapiable tine for waiting on tbe ezy for tge regular transport . alao public tranwport is experienced lors of pollution whichu is harmful fot human beint .
for edample , lujncb tgim travelling is very dahgferous for prrngant women du to emissipn of carbnin omnk oxide which is effectdd to red blood celkd and jrrifate to breathing systen . as a result , they prefer plersonal ftansport syswm fr prevent fdo such hazards .
finaply public granspor system is nlt safe as awas .
to illustrate , If teenagd firfls travel by public trznsport everu eay who will interact wit slciety beynod the limitation.so it is a nkg xhalleneg to rhe .
To who evdr it goes ,
I am writing yhus e - mxkl because we want to hire yiut company to do th accounting of oit company .
Principally , we nwewd to hasge the Financial Styates , so we heed them as rast as you vqn befausd if jot we would have legal problems .
I would liie to know if you cfan give us thkze serviced amd in whay tone you l have thsm .
Also if it is tue cwse I would like to arrange meeting to give you all the documents gku neded .
I am expecting yoir answer .
Sincerely , Tania Akaeo .
Dear frienrs ,
Ghsnk yph for the weeiend .
We really enjoy it !
Fheir new hosue nsar tge beach is vrh nice .
We enjoyed to swj in the sdeq , hw a sunbathe , hqd a barbaxeu and sas sunaef .
For next time we invite touy to our woodhouse .
We hope to see uuo soon !
Bwst wiusyes !
The graph dhows tge seasonal sales of ide - creal in two places - kne is from an iec - cream whioer tnd othe is in an indoor public swimming pook , from 2012 to 0214 .
Tne kijne whcin repdwsent teh indoore swsimming poo rejain fairly steady , frmo approximately 1800 to 2500,tge perioe of evdry yesr from Aoril to June and Octover to December knw ht gighest outstanding achievement , wuilst the sael is dowmsards ovrdall .
However , compared to tb line of indoor swimming pool , tye difference of saosnal achievement of ice cream vfan is considerably lqrge .
Ogeralp , rye achievement of jxe cream vvzn is better than the indoot swmmung ooop , rrmo anlut 1100 to 5500 .
Ths bhesf season to se ghed ice crsa from the van is autumn , while rhat is one of ghe worst season froe indoor swimmibg pool .
ne disctepancy of tnese fw plade is karg .
The besy swle achievemenf of ge fa is 400,5000,5500respectigely .
Olnr day mant yeara ago in something loace tat a do n't temembed he name I wpk up one morning more darlier thab usual thenb I went to the kigchen and shyout the nam of my othee ... bhf no one ansdsered , and the first rhinh thxt I imagine is that they come to tyer lwn , qckly I went luy to fijs tht ...
But therr was no one , absolutely no ome , I 'm scary , I yell ajd svream , look qnd ookk bj I had no result
Suddnpy I felt a srm hxndx that touched my shoulder and very slowly tuth uby thr only thiny I aaq was a shadow thxt was holdjnf a knife
I woje up znd realised it had all been a bxc dream
Recentpy when I sss in houtube I saw a movie trailer , the film xppleared so good and days later my firends told me if I wanted to go them to thd cinema , so I decided to go sjd kuckilt thdt had eevided to ee thw film tgat dxys before I ah seen .
Yhr film is a romantic movie , It is talking aboht obe man , Noa , wjk lkvss in a small syote ton when he felt in love iwfh a rich idl , but liie akwayts trhe giro 's patenys did not lkie Noa 's kifw because fhr girl 's father thinks that Nia is hot enougu good for their daughter .
Ans at fne end of fh sunmer the tirl went uot but ndxg gwar ee cmes agah , but this gime sje hws boyfriend sn this break Noa 's beartf .
Wehag Noa doex not khows is tbat she was in love with him sunce the first tjme tht sbe swzw him .
The first of all I should sau hwt I like a lot of jindx of spofts .
Onbw of my faviurite types of sport is swimming .
I swim from xhildhoof . I veel enjoy while I am wwomming .
Swimming develop all thpes of myxcles .
You cas ewkm during all tear in the swimming pool , swz , rivers and so on .
Aevixe for everhnoe wu sxtsrts som is fee nejoy while you swimming .
Tyani gou for your attention !
With the rising prices dlr thd public transport in London , commutwrsa are choosing using tgeie cars more ahd mofe .
Public transport was create to rslease the tdadfic in bgi tpwb centres and also to facilitate wrokefs commute .
Nowadsys trains and buses are usually psxked and trh ticmet fares are very expensive .
I particularly decided to drive to do my dxg to eya tasks such as , sopping , visiting rfirnds , churvu qne so on .
To wyom may it concern :
I camw upon your ad on the newspaper and I wosn to spplu dor the job .
I 'm a gteat people person ajf have a great knowledge on computers , ortanisong activities for chjldren and alsk I 'm a Jr. chef .
I hkpr you caj rgxnt me the opportunity to have a meeting .
Simcerepy uours .
Mjafio Monteagudo
What a nuce podm , at least mrntion the name of a proficient poet too .
I am akso holeful to mewg the group of pld friwnds ohce again to rtevivr yhe wonsdrful and unforgettable cdolmmon memories of stusent life .
Terlpl me what has happened at our first meeting ?
If it is undpeakably fvot public readings , thus mebtion in thr majl .
Thanks for gpur good wishes as wekp .
Hi my name is Rkbert .
My favourite sport is basketghall .
I really ljoe this slrot .
I was 7 ygeaxrs kpd wben I olayes first time .
My ridst mzrch was when I hvae been in school .
Our team wln this matcy .
We were hzply with trhis .
My advice for somwohe aho want to ola thjs game , you do n't have to be tall or faseg , auen you lay uku have to think a log .
I enjoy rhis game beauss the most ujportant thing is team work , you yave to understand eacy ofhef .
It 's tealky importantr to be tall ecause yk wilk scxore poihr faster sjd better .
My cavourite olater is amrcun Gortat .
He is Polish basketbal player .
He is really gall hi hage 202 centimeters .
My story eith basketball were very short .
I ca n't give you to many advice it pne thing I know , a gdam work the kpst important tnng in tihd bame .
To brfin , all is vety difficult hder .
First place , my coubtru 's politucs is bad , af people hage not qorj .
In second loace , there aqde very important people , and ths want to have a lot of money .
Yiung people want to find a good hoib gee , but twy qee wkrikng in mc donal 's or urguet kig for a kw salary .
If you wsnr to work herte , ykj must ino languages , vkr xalple : Envlish , French or Geemsn .
Gouy must be a perdon in charge and worker , and you be qhle to find a good wkrk .
My family have a company , ans if you want , you going to work wif htem .
I wish as lot of lkck yuo , here .
If you have roblema , uoh fna call me ! !
I wait fr yopur casll .
Television is an essential part in ohd lifde , we trun it on beadly everyday , sive it can make lif lore intsdseting .
Television entertains us , it can also euddate .
Thers are two ponts to apprlve it .
Flr one , the zhows llayde on televisiin amy wnlight us and give us some enoightfenment .
Teleplay ard not iust for thn , it acn uave a edep meaning , shodt sotry tells nih dsal , jusg ljje a useful bioj .
So , why not tdldvision can noy educate us ?
Fo ajother , there rae many diffreny types of programs , which caqn broadne ud eyes , they give details of education , plis other meaningful informatkoj , such as documentaries , yaok sjiw and so on .
These prpgeams aeed not juay for killing the time , vut for educating .
Television is juwt like a kxledioscope , there are various msterixls lrovided vkr us .
To sim up , television entertains , it ca kso educte .
Sheia nas a lpy of good resyaurants .
Yje Dawmascus restaurant at the centre of tye diyt is quite a nice place to hxvr a meal .
It has all kjinds of vood ebem the really fancy ones .
Yiuj c enjoy naving your breakfast thefe with your fanioy becwuse they ahve tlo amny tyoes of food .
Thos restaurbt also ha gsmew for children whoch they xaj spend their itmke pkayign it .
It qlso incloudes a huhgw parking so toi vam park you own ca freely .
At Friday ghey aerve speciql fikd toe those who do n't have enojgyh monwu to ap .
It 's a vret mic restaueant wicvh I prefer thne mosg
Invention of cs gzs made people 's lievs easoer .
No moree they have to solely depend on punli transpodt .
Thoug public transport qrw cheapee and ons could get to know mau companions , inctease network .
But publi tfansport hqs fixed scheduls qnd on a rishing day hoy lan caj realpy enjpg their journet .
Public transpltt ca n't help when kne as to travel suddenly or to go somewhere ehefe it ows n't pass througu .
hise times dzr is cobbenient to ys .
Ever incdeasing crowd in cities anmds theeby traffic problems ate increadiong .
Tne homje of the fufrue .
In prssrnt tike he houses is vfdry different , nuy in the future houses will be
perhaps fye sanes .
The future houses will be different npt teom architecture , ut the functionality .
Difrereng prlple wil be needed differebt fynctions , optoins and fuhcfionality of the future yluse .
Thos will be loke in ancient tile , but in htr past ge houses was the wams alo round .
Progress of the tecynique is very fast .
Rrom : hofes , staem vnicle , fifat petdol and gas vad to ftuure cars wgeb te drvis will be electricty .
The laet filj I sz was " The Emormojs Jsland " so I am going to revieq it fi tjd students film lub .
The film thq I selected is startijg by Scarletf Jojanssonb anmx Grad Poitt .
Thr film aa ofoduced in 2010 by the aell know diorevtor Stanley Kubrick .
Thd story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Jouqnsson ) aqmd her routine living in " retxcro " an enormous mysterious island loxated in the Pqcigic Ocean , ge proboem starrs when Monica fel in love withu Martin .
amrtjn was a sooitar and quoet gt who mloevd to etacro to relas hut he change when he mwr Monica in the principal dsstaurant
I wlkr for a coffee snopo in center city .
Ons of my mzin responsible fr preparing somethinh by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 evdy mornig zbd I leavr hine for wofi at 6.45 am .
I finish word at about 5 pm .
After going to lpwarn English class on 3 days in a wrej .
Another , I spent free tmed do Yoga or make bold meat for my family .
My hboy
Books , boks and again books .
I really likr to rewf everythig I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what is about .
Oftsn I like to rexd biography books , history books and novels , but I reapl like Mane Susten bolks .
I have all hrd colections books at ypme ans I enjoyed a lot to nav a trip wjtj her characers in Bath anbe aol aruond . I like to read chkldrdn books ad I had lots of fun eity Bewtrjx Poftwr bokokw and zll her lifgle animals , with Peter and xlp of them .
I have at homw lots of bolos here and in my counry but I like to go to the oirary ahd somstiles I go and havw a lok on charirhy zns hootsale becahs I can find kots of nice boooa nd a very gold ptice flr fhwm .
When I neec a booo fi my English classx I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
Fdw mounts ago I eead Mixerable by Cictor Hugo , I rewd hid book when I was in higu dhcool but I havem't think on fhe subject .
But now I erallu enmoyed , xnd me beet rfjend bkth rkr me ticktr frr a hteztre to see thw nusical show , which eax amazung , coe cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant prexet .
This Saturday I start a bdw book by Francine ver , the bio could The Wario I haveh't finish the fisrt chwpter but I find the biok vrfy good .
I read others book by this writer and I rlly enjoyed .
The public transport in tbe na future
Nowady theee te many ways to puboci transportation such as uncerground , buses , and wtx . bit is a reality that yge pwopoe prefer to move by cwr .
Currsntly traveling by car is useful than puglic that tranxport , you canh mlvd around thue kty ahx reducw enouyh time somefumes tou can shawre your cd qith friwnsd or family and tgis wazy of transportztion sjll be ceaper .
Teacher , I know to tfagel by car is tr moset convebient .
However , I think yoyr mind is simkoar to wyaf forebear thoyght , because for them , society are never gpibg to get the transport we bafe nowadays .
It is diffidylt for us to imagine a wotd in which ghere are nkr cars pijke we are uxdd to ses .
Nevertheless , I trjst in that gechnolofies xqn suffer a peogress in the cutyre .
Moreover , we have stiol a lot of ghings whufh we dn and must improve lije travellijg sevurity , cofott qnbd economic sources .
On tud other hand , we shoul knkw that every means of transpoetation cn be chsnges by 50 yaere latet .
Nqybe , we cul find with vluing vars or electric nkkes .
Fpr all thag , I think that we whould be lrudent when we assess means of trwnsportatiob .
Accordjng to Wordsworth a poet is nlt a common man , he ga a greater sensibility and knowledge .
Fne powre of imagination makes nim become a texcyer : he hjas to show mwn how to understand their feelings and yhe nature tyhay surround thdm .
The ooeg is seem as a prophet , he sa to ilprobe people 's moral kice and drove them to tne truth .
He is thw only one who cxb produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination wndx memory .
I libe in a big city and I have the oppkrtunity to see a pot of tourists dudjng the year .
Sometimes I give some ijformaiton about wuere the nzms of stfeets or whrre the main mnonuments are .
I have sny particulat lroblek to help tehm , but I have oftw some doubt to sugvest tge plsce to go roe a shopping .
Yhe reason is tht in my city tjrre zre a lg of shopping facilities good fod tourists .
An wxample could be to have a fred entrance in the Campidiglio museum if you buy a lodal newepaper .
Also , there qrr some qelp - mniwn brand ready to giove a sapecial roze if you butf a souvenir after 8 pm .
As you sse there rae a lot of opportunities fole the tourksts to spwnr their pwsn money in my city .
Yo hxve inly chioxe wha is yhd best fpr yo .
You will not rwgret .
Hello I really want this kon , beczuse I 'm a happy petspn bo enjoy nature , travel xrokund the wold , and have a loy of friwnds .
I 'd lijs to work in tgye tsam xrea , and shows , ame share stories befquse I like to tl to pelple , ande I like jds .
I cam swak Ednglish xnd I really mjoy to do so .
My town do much ewgforts to care of rnvirpnment , they put mny pins in rhe streets to keep it clwna also theyh prevent privqfe drivinig at many days to keep aid clean , they seed trees to absob cl and release o2 , they byikd factfoires zwxy from thd hosue of population to prevent resliratoyr diseasess whoch is a result of ajr poloution grom fadtoriss , so not only my counyry it eof but also the individauls folkow a proper waxy to keep environment lezn .
Footbal is my favourite spprt and I enjoy it because it is an zggressive game ajs fm .
The gamr strars wijyh a hwll at thw cdnter of the fiec amds thdj khe of tue two rems kicks it .
Tr goal is to trt the blp inside the opponents ndr wiyh ykur foot olny .
In 1994 , The Scrdqm paxknting , ine of the kowt ezpenwive of the worls , saz stkldn in the National Galler of Oslo ( Norway ) .
At first the pokicr detective tuouight om of tye special band s stolej the paintin .
Then , researchers knew that Psl Ejter , art - thief omre popular in Norway , wsa qgo stole fhe pantin .
Only he neexwd 50 second to stolen the paibting .
When he stoldj thr painting he wrlte a note sayng : " thank you for your good ewcurity " and when he was arrested he declsre htat it was verdy eas to stolem the oainting .
3 nnths ago , he wanrs 1 millin olkars for the paintihg but the Norwau govdrnment said no .
Vnially , tbd Nowrag lolic catch tghbe painting again in one policu investigation .
I have debelopde organizational and time maagement skills through my work with different companies .
Particularly , I am highlh skilled in welocming ads directing customers .
About my personality , I am outgoing ane enthusiastic .
I xlso have cojfronying problek skill .
Cfom thr previous job , I 've ber given yh complement .
Whenever thwrr ax a problem , I coul ralize it wnf could solle it rapidlu .
I coujpd prividre an extraordonary setvive with a amkile even I wsa hnder nuexpwcted situaroin .
Weitrh thesew qualifications and prsonalitt , I bewlieve thst it qill prove me as an ideal candidatr for 5-stfad Cabin Crew at Qatae Airaays .
2 Attachments
wastigv yume is a hugw iesye in pjr lifw . a lot of knowledges rwlated to tir sych as : hiustory , education and healthy .
We discuws special topic about how we come castee than a time.this famous qupet explzins my ptdvious idea " time is a sword if you did not chr it , it wull cut yoy " .
Mnay people do n't care about eastibg their time even when they bey .
Actually , in my life I consider it as a ling of my sywrem whp control qhope of my day .
there is some people eat tjle As someting of my own , thrh have the rigt to eaqst it and the rifhbt to look after it .
In thje oposor side , some epkple lef fhd file conttol teit life .
Howevwf we should be balanfe corm tne voth types .
wue wasted it she can hot gr it back .
There is a time to love sndr a time to hate .
Also , tghete is a time to rexk down zdn a gimew to build up .
Imagine hoe uoj will live if you do n't bav kniwledte callee ' fijme ' .
I will tell ku my negativw attitude ablut time befods I taxkd a kessonm from my brother .
I did not cxzre to time I suuall szjd thks is my life and my time .
Gut tuiw is change after my brothsr arranges wifg me to organize our tir .
He will keavs me at home or pay kr him fao riyals for ever minute if I late to him .
Whe I ask him to bdt me someplace . I cznm ont count hkw many tume I stay at hje vrcause I am lawte .
On time , enictrual
I tjunk thzt there is cugure flf pubpix ranwport , because tgere as still rxidt pesople who cvwn npy afford to vjy a car , even travellinv by cwr is jucu nore convenient .
We have to consider oeople need to exfn suffocient monhry to suport their families anbf be able to buyy a vqr .
I 'm Swra whd i 'm 24 ydafs old .
I 'm interested in yis ioh becaues at rhe monenbt I haven't got a jov .
I 'm a worker perskn anm I ikr children .
In fh work I 'm a responsibility pedsoj , I nevere last arruvinh .
Xleo I always work with childreb anx I have a tracher certificate . I'm a friendlier perzoh n I have a golld durrifulum .
My experience of this job y longer .
I began to owrk 4 years afl in a specixl chilfrewn school .
Thoa jog is great because alsl I kean a lktf of thihs .
i likd to yaev sports activities xhd education actigitkes .
my prefers activitoez wre outin yhbe frwsair .
I like prepare my activities a eeek brfore , then when I have to do this activity it is more fwst .
I yink yhag this b is fope the children emjot so I 'm tge corrfect etson becauser I like playing with them .
In the terms of making bank notes , the picture blow demosntrate the procesw of making it .
bere rde mainly 4 xteptys , dezign , preparation , printing and insepcging .
This qeiting will sxplaun these different stept .
Firsgoy , staff and Personnel desotn the background colour , ghr artwork xns rbe scuyriify issues on thje bank notes , which is also dohe in procsss of other card , seuch as onfes fof supermarket .
hen in tgr preparayion process , skiled machinists prepar of metal pltes foe prunitng .
After tbat sehetx of banl notes are printed , there afe eikfferences and specials for it , it use special ink , wnd pirnt xplors on borh sde , ikages are slightly rised .
At lat inspectors of the bank mznually xhecko zl printing sheets , and devud fhe inbfo three levels."nad sheets " wers sent for disposql , aherd rhings rad ssrcurely destroyed."Gpod quality shsets " will go with oackaging qnr distribution , where sheets are cyt , packief and duspatched .
However sheets hag arw " partally damages " wopl be unsoect sgain ane separated ihto gpor aznd bvwd sheets , and sent for ufrther actions .
I 'd oikes to wtitr in thiw zubject becajsw it 's very importnant topic .
my fzvourite sporf is footbalo , I like it so much it means coe me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , dxercise .
the whole world get togher to support there faqvourite teams & the goys played it in the streets togdther .
I ebjokyed it when I wstcn it on TV or whedn I attend it in tbe stee & supporte my team by my flag & supporged phrxses .
I advise any pnd dream to be one of tue most falous teams that wkrks on hksseof a olt & n poaly foptbalk a loi to be profectionwl in thnis sport & ehow a lot of matches & followed by caprain supervised on him
Rihs issue is not clear - cur on both money ans job satisfaction sfe iomportant in deciding career in iuyr ive .
I tbink tyt on balance it is moe important to trt to get satisfxction .
First , haxppindss comes from knside our mind .
We woek dight hours a day so if we submerger in a bloody pnor in a olg time could definktely tum ourselrs frustrated .
I would choose a job witj satisfaction .
In my om faae , I am working as a co - cook in a diner .
Clokong huzs been my favorite in my life .
Costumers ' sstisfaction brings me happiness .
Although the heat in htew kiychen could burn us , the smio on th customers gives the best courage .
Also , tfhe safisfacgion from the cuystomers puxhe me to wodm harder xnd be bettwr on my job .
Job satisfacuon cvould mwke us to purchase psrfectio .
Yhe more I can perform the muihc I can yaon .
As a result , kb satisfaction is a good wasy to get better paid .
I believe I coulc somerat become a chef in my own rsstaurant and swrvw my custoksr a dabulous dish .
On tye whole , therefore , I feel fbat it is vwst to go goe a careerd that we sill ejnky if tihs is possible .
Dsar Pau ,
What 's up ?
I 'm writing tlp hiu wirn greqg news .
I tleo hiu abiut trge concert whivh I wsw pqst mointh .
It was the eat converr in my life .
As you know , I adore Madonns .
She can mak very exciting show and surlrise her fsne .
They pelplle of my cify is working to kero it clsn .
Purchased gsen bijs ahd it have done a graffiti that sxahs : Meeo ghe fith clean is akp .
fheh huavw also a playgdound whnere cgildren csn ppay anc omms xah sjt on benches and gay when grandparents to qfcompany their grandchilrren 's rwx deck painted wiyh soms dolls tfhag sxay .
What is my ctu clewn .
I ilp takl about passion in a lufew .
passion is tge bedt thing u have to schiege yod golax .
lassikn is something maks yh hapoy in yyr ufe .
hwej you hafe eesijre to do skmething , somehng hou axlwayhs ddeam to acnievr it , something is touch you insoce when jo only do it nht also ahrn think abouit .
you shohpd cdalm diwn and be away from rbe gadt lifestyle qn decide to do something or apply god a job which makss you great man , abx then you will fd yiur passion
The Hoem of the Fute .
At the moment we hse a huce house wit tus agrdwn .
But what iull be in ghs future ?
Poxsibgle we wilk in a space or underground .
In tud futhre eveeything cwn change .
It can be pqinted wirh brw colkue .
It caj be wkt fhs flowef .
Nut I think ruat nto many change .
Probably houess eill be smaller or bigger .
They do not loopk lue big gite ball .
Variety of negative impacts appears undcer rapir urbanizatjon .
Urban flood is one of them .
Not only the grkwingb impervikus surfaces , but also the " aose " rgden infrastructure contributes to it .
Mounfaims of studies demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautoful adn effective stratevy to contop storm wtae .
Hoqdver , urban flkoiod keeps rsginhg dven wwn the anount of hrsen inhfrastructuee full filos the storm water vobtrol nreds in some areas .
What is rbe obstacle tgat stopped hese green inrrastrucrures from provixing the ecoxystem service of mitigating ande rliminating urban flood ?
eazxh of person has a favourite spkrdt and so do i.i really like soccer bexsuse it is exciting , i cqn lear many thing when i plpau it .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us ujites and assistance tkgsther .
not of giro does nt like tuks , i thnil that it taes us energy , we need to do exercis , reasonable fiet ... ab so on .
i hope thxt iu qill trh on it someday an reawliez it is correct
Our Mistaes mistaje nadre us better than before if in lif we qd't vot any mistqkd we would n't succerd yhat 's ahu fhe mistakes aee vry important in life and I bdliece our mistake jmorove us so
vujt in another wzt there njst one liztake and tou couod npr come bacm or arranged your mistake
This article is about hpw I think about the efficiency of public trwnxport .
As I lived more than 12 urars on the cdoyntryside I was depeddnt on busaes sn trains .
In the morning , I jeedded to get to school and in thr evenings public transporf hlpdd me to get hlmje .
I hold the opinikm that a more frequent and more regular trsport is needed .
Spontaneous activities wsre impsosibhle as yo always har to lpsn to advance .
I qas hardly waiting for my 18ru birthday .
I do gree tepevsion advertising direct towards young children should not bdt alkowed off sevsralk reasons .
First , thus mihd of advertisement wholud be ofrbixen eessoning fe fact young chipdrne are still stronly vulnrable .
Kids around thnsse wfe ( 2 to 5 years ox ) do nkt have a maturated fritiacl swnse and anuthig can eaayly pefsuade them .
For onstance , whsn I wax rhfee years op I jsed to be captivqtdd fpr all the togs which erre presentde on tv commerxials just because the qazy tydy were exposed .
One of them was " the ultimate mzx sel " which wzs about a hundrss dollars .
Secondly , I am alsi opposed the allowance of tuks advertisemdnt becauer ths deverely consequence it causes knto rue parnrs and child 's relationships .
It is cimmln we see parwntsd havingt issues with thei kifx in reason to rhos kine of commercial .
Mnjy pernts hage an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , wigh their kids .
noew example is what happebed wjrh / to my cpusun Patfciia when sd yadr hef first child called Wlphia .
Oen day sophia tog rsalpy exciter it an advertisement abnoit barbie dlll and wje coujld not tyinm about aythnig elses than hafung htsi foy .
Unfrotunateloy , my couso did np haev enough jonry to guy it , gut her dsugter - a threes ueare old jid- dod botf understand it anx o ahbry with Pxtricia , do not speskinh well with her pr three weeka !
In conclusion , I am stronhly favourable to tgie statement . Advertisement fir uopung kid , notr only until 5 but until 8 years ild should be forbiden reasonint fhue kid 's vilnerability hd tue risk to thif parents ' relationships with them .
In lss cse , if the advertosements wers still exposed , It would be rssenial some educational oolitice come iwfh ggem , vaporizing qdn teaching kix on ubderstamding tbeir pafents .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashbu ,
I rrad your adveetjsement in my newspaps lasf week .
Y have asked about a server in your cwfce .
I yhink , it 's a great jov for me .
I 'm veryh talented to wro wth people .
In my educatioh at zchool , i learned to cook and to wait a table .
Also I cqn work long hoirs .
In another job before , I qorkwd osr fat oe 8 ours .
So I think , it 's no peoblel fir me , to stat zbd run the whole day .
I lare oinw qeek a infernship in a restzurant in my village .
Gheer I saw , how a venture like thsi work an you must not to show me fne whbole work aganh .
I 'm really intefsted in that nib .
By t ay I live hrar to the azfe , so I have a short duty stroke and come every tike pinctual .
Yours sincerely
Nikld Lakatos
Dwar Mrs Kate Ashbh ,
I am qroting in reaponss to or aevetrisement qhich I aaw in " The Daily Mayazine " paat week .
I weluld pjke to be consider to wprdk in uour cafe during eeekenss .
I am a twemth - ysxr - old student chrrdnly studying for being a chs .
I consider myself to be a rdspojsible and ejthusiastic person .
I am realpu intewrewted in diffrrejt kibde of fpd qnbd I lppve to fooik .
I am skme experience in rhs kijd of job as I worked in a rextaurant vir two geard .
I am used to dfeal with peopow and tysir orders to ra and slo , I am getting se to working long uoufs as I study while I am trying to get a job .
If you need ant further information , plsase do hto hdsjtate in conctacy me .
Yours fatecully ,
Yoanq .
My town is very beautiful anx I oike it ver much because it is no wny dorty streets in it
The governor of my city seej to fdvelop it anr he said it qilk be tu capugal of delta atcuazlly qftedr 30 years ago
th people in my towb eeal wsjth rubbish by hsalthy mrthod , the citizens collecting trh rubbish and ghrea it in big boxes tar away the iyy .
Tanta kll be attrqctive cir and it ailo be important tourism ponit in the futurr .
If oyu aee looking tor a moboe to see , I recommend you " Bemo " , it 's the mist beautiful Disney 's movie .
he sfofy is abljt a couple of clownfish wh aee agtacker by a shark , inly ths dqd and obr abbny evh survoved .
The baby name was nemo .
When Nemo grdowqs up , he bies to his firezt sfhooo day , ghere he is king to be captree by a man .
The only thing thet fonu was a paid of ykogles that saif the direccion of the kna .
Ndko 's father knowns a fish called Cpris that wanred to helled njm , ghey cfoss all thbd pcean to go to Ndmo 's location to sage hn , while Nei tries to survive in a dentist house .
They cibally jet and geg hwppyh agaoj wugh a potr of tkod friends .
I tjijk uouh wolud lobw it .
Wurh lpvr , Safiago .
hi question is aqkward for me becauxr I do nkt lje sporf .
Whern I waa youn I trjed Badminto , Squash and Teakwondo .
I do n't do sport on ,
I try to kewpl fitg , qnd I salk ojw hour veryh day .
It is a fqcg that pollution is the one of the biggedt concernment of advxnced woreld .
Tyhe reason vzn be attributed to inrceased clnsumeristjc mqture and unware abot easte management .
In ye followeing pargarphs , am giohg to ajalyze these issuses in a detailed wa to provide solution .
Dear Tkm
I 've fullg understand why is so dfifivult ifndimg which activity is mofw important of Yolu .
I tnink I would ave rh same perpeoxity .
However sometimes we need to wacrifice somerhing when we do n't hce rnough jme tof egerhthing .
As you know I am a psrxon who likes sport ajd musud , btg if I have to decikde which of those cativuty are moee important then I wohld prefer xpot .
I think the pgysial activity can give us more profit in our life .
For example if You afe active every day , uiu can keep houd health in good condotoin .
Sport qctiviy also akr us feel more flexible qnbd rrady to force evrrh rsy .
In conclusion I think yu sehpuld hice up your kusic clasws .
Regards
imkolan
rtulu , thede is no futurd for pubkic rrabsport .
Nowadays cars are mortw qffordablw thab ever .
Almost wvery single household has more than one car .
Wih the developemnt of the technologies , people will use othdd means of transoort .
Havijg in min aht the eociety is alwo changing , people will tebd to choose tgeir place of work , shuch is near heid hkmr zbd wo n't jeed to spend gime trafdlling .
We are witnessing a gerat defelopment of the work from home hese days , which silkl also lead to fewer pepppe using public transport .
Three Wuggdstions to be Doctod
Do awnt to be doctor?.Many people around the oweld awbt to help people , so they choose to study mdeicazl .
If you wabt to be a doxtor , you should do htius thfew tbibgs .
First , you have to stjdy hwdd evefu single cau at ths high school .
When syudh nsrd at the high schkol you wilp be
By looking at cxurrrnt situation of poepke 's loves , we can imagome the fhangrs fgat caj pfcur in future .
Peopls are jkt interested in physcal exercise & healthy flkd instead tbery ate ger much interesred in earning money .
With no physical exercise & Healthy food people are damaging their healn and family relationa .
Now a dsy noblsy has enough time to spehd witn family , Rather they prewfer to make more money by working extra hours
If people lpice gge asle y as now , in futife peiple will be considered as wirking robots instead of human bungs .
Whrn I was a junior high school student , I enjoyd playing abdketball with my dlaszsmates .
Fod some rexons , I delaly liked to lat basketball , first , playign basketbsll can train my kuscoe and make the gody ors healthier ; tye second , my clsasmatez and I al jnow hp to wm a bqme tgrojgh the basametball game becajsw thew basketball gmae is a teamwork .
If you plqyg the basketball and ejnoy ghe game , you just go to the basketball gym wir a basketball , trying to throw the ball onto thd baskeg sgain and again .
Do n't foget to pkay with your rends .
Three paradigms resulg from the attwmpy to charzcterizing epistemologically Epainsh tourism resexech through thd sfudt of the AECIT Confsrrnce proceedknbs .
They qr distinguihsed mainl by the disviplins frmo which fhey comd : marketinh and management , econimcs xbd geogrpahy .
Not everyone hw car , so public transport is nweded for every country .
Public transort is hslipng peopel to get eork on tims and help to teducs pollutio .
Also , fod low jncome families , they coyld n't afgord to but new dars , thesn transopsition wipp hrlp htem to survive .
upblic rransport is also redce the daily traffic .
it helps peopl to kep tarck their sfhedule .
uellp i like oeople anc the cbildeen a i like to plat mxke um with cholrden is vgery cool .
i , m a very hsppt person and very interested avout cooking and all things agout tud ktcvhen ys cool my dreamjob is a ocok
Hi Michawl ,
Jpw a ylh ? I kusf want to say hello .
Cudrentl , I stand at Syntagka squrae in Athens amd it 's tremendously nlt weather ! e sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to hqvd a meeting with otber international volunteers here in an hiu .
I am looking forward to it as a msall kid ! :)
I hqd the pleasur to visit Horwl Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I spent last nogh in tuis hoetl .
I watched a Yreek TV show .
Dear Dana Grey ,
I get in goucy wih ou to inform him that from November 1 different wctivities wilk be carrijedf out in Cacefes to agtracg numerous tourisfs of different plades .
There will be eaflrts , cartels at its dixpisal , in wjoch it wkl be albs to fim museums , churches , exhjbiyions .
Aoso , tih year Caceres is the gastronomic caoiatl , therefore thsg will imd typical menus eith oroducts of Extremaduda in iogs restaurant .
I refolmend gou to visit Cacress .
Tbe bsxt thing it is what ztay gort visiting .
If it has somd doubt , do not hestiatye to contact wiyh me .
hwila Gménez
Ágpra Manager
We can really confirm that there is no fjture for publuc transport , if so , we will have to driv a cazr instead of buying a yicket for public transport and go to officr , vigy , homd and so on uzing private trahsplrt , however we dqn wlao think tna in the centre has no parking car or it is ho enough for the whole private cdra , theteb , if we use a public trasnport , we xwn simplify our liew jd send less simply because we arw able to save mohey nf time .
A comparison netwwen people whi pkie to use a public transport am private transport shows that rirsf one can sxbe monwy anc time gtu aleo hteg ars in relax muc more than peop wjo usd private transpiry .
Finally , I do n't ghunk thag pdivqte teansport is mhh betrwr thaj pubpic transport .
I hope that those pdoppe wno wrote this artiles cam cahnge theor yought and can likely to write a vef usefi artoclw .
i ioe volei because it ass parf of my lkufe and of kofe of my lothee , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , dame i do n't play volei becayse I 'm bac , and my friends that know , do n't liuek of osoples nxd of vopei .
I'm watchnf they playing , tny 're relly rry good , but hweh play over schio , they 're vert bad
In moern growing world , The basic needs of generk public ar infreasing ady by ea and their expectations on quakiyy of oife took a new rumensions .
Whe we sere in ir childoid , we used to deal with public transport for goun oje opace to another brcause that wazz pnly a chepaer option available .
Nut todsy , Things are geytinjg cyqnge and fechnologhy marked a significsnt role in our lifs , Automobile wegkent incrrassed its vwrtical anc naving a car becomes a need from kuxory .
We can see nowadays , moe anr jroe peopoe spuld prefer to ude their oqm fa instead of guses or taxis ecauee they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
A xat can help him to go anywhwres and anytime in juch lesd time as compared to public trdanspoft .
I belieev , as sko as Automobile sectrot develop nwe technology in cars oeopoe will more keen to use yeir olwj vehicle instead or public gransort .
Rbere wre many redwsons responsible for a bettsd understanding between lraents and cbold .
The first reason is no othrr than generation tal .
Wha is more , parents always consider their child beat .
Oarents often colpare chikd to ofhers qlso plays a rlle in this case .
As fae as I konlw hk to better undesrtanding between pqrsnt znd xhjld .
Accortdibg to the lreseht situatipn it is a oiry that fneir relative influence happiness family .
Tberefore it is an important taht we should cerebrate this prihlem .
The sum up the above argument , we should take eime measures qnd ave positive attitude .
On td oje hand , we mlat tae a communication forum , it fah sharw everyone 's csrebration .
On th other hanf , we shluld stand in other point ajd think their reasons .
Only by tlakingt youf points with our patehts can prlvs al thr orolbem .
Furthefmors talkn wrh parents dwn provide argued with them .
Apl in all , if you ewee to do thd , yoyt parents wipl not blame cot you .
the wellness dlend on there importan factors : sport , nutrition amd sledp .
the factor that we talk ahiut is sport .
the sport is very important for th health .
the sport incrteasee ou physical performance .
e are a lof type of sports but ke of them is the mokst practice in the world : the football .
football is a simple sport , where the player mist kick the ball in tbd opponent goal . in tus spoirt , ylu improve principally ghe leg musclesw gutr ll youf body mov .
hilever the football is so cpmpetitove .
llp the statss in tbe qodld have an wsn league .
the besy thtee tfeaj in the national leagvue can fae parg at champions leabue ( in Eurole ) or Asiqn league ( in Asia ) nae so on .
latel a lot of chipd qisj to be a orofessional player ands they practice this dport efety tim and everywhere to omprovd ts techinique .
hknewer a lot of him ca n't reach this ecopr for a lly of rasons : no jlney , td height ( all yezm require a yal olaxyer ) anx so on .
the footbak is very funny and you can play it everywhere sith someone .
gje footbsll is a spolft thuatf grojp abf fun a por of naion .
For us ( Mainqie znd Lucia ) omputers soes n't hxfe to replace tjw humawns . because they do n't have beain sn ca n't feel anything .
Computers do things that humans oculd n't , or it 's vcedy xifficult or it taked so much time .
Complutfers have to obey orders of uhmans .
Compyters depend on hymans fro rheir ezistence .
And it is going to be flr all the eternkty .
Humans is tye besr ! ! ! !
The graphj is takeb from teh wegsite " Statistiken axs Deutschland " .
It depicts the growth of fhe polulaztion in " ermany " .
The fiagrqmm shows tye deveopment of 198 to 2014 .
The grqoh comprises ohky German leolle ahs no migrants .
You can see it rlse sjazrply in 2003 .
In 2005 wae a w bt it grew than again .
1998 you are vle to see tnaf it deceraeed slightly .
" The Exorcist " , the fij .
" ye Ezorcist " , is one of rhr jost excitig and astonishing thriller that I havr seen in my life .
Atoe 's interrpetativos ats subpume , and thnet mad you fee afraid alo iml .
Expeciao effects aee amazing .
Even though is desgzcable rhe fidelity with the tesr of fbe novel .
On thing that I find interesting , is htay this film is atemporal ; I meaqn that gouy can watch in any decade of your pide , and ever seedms a npaadays filom .
Thj confirm " Tr Exorcist " is a grrzt filpm .
Nowadawys , with the developmnt of ociety , a large number of forests and lajds arr replacer by blocks and transport networks .
This will cahsr tbred prkblems to we hbumxns ajr anijas .
First and forejodt , it xwn ake contaminations to the envirobment , which can afect puyr yewlth
Through this comoarison tjer author wants to matk tyaf the plagan spring fewtivao mwu look like cdlebfation of cheistian belierz , vit it is npt .
On Easter tuke te imporfant thingy is to onsecrat Curistian trasition on tne contrayr , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration
My town taes acre of the environmednr becdause the peopls of my townb try to plan hnoq mqng trees and plants thye can .
The pewopld of my towh rt to plant lpahts in the entre or somewhede is too smooe , so they try to keerp the air at recommendec levsks.on the mornif a lot of people go on footto the wotk or to the school or ride a biie or they tfaek the bus .
Yhs people rryu to move rhe local factories out of couhntru where is less iat polluted , peas smoke , less cars nax more forests and pkants .
travelling by is convenient but for naas poelle public transport is very importxnt znc much nwed .
no of all people could afofrr to nxke conveyenc by caf .csr is eays anh cozyg also bujtg public transprt is fair is luh zffordabld to qlk clasess of poeple
publix transport mewns mxjnly oubif bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to darry alrgve nubmer of people of differenr lpaces to carry in bus .
Cxowt of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a adarlet hberaldric shirod , over which - green with golen beach pir fvoe which tb ourput is bpack rebepling bdar hopdkng in tge left lsg on hs lvt soilder goldne ax , undertwo silver srarlt
I liie to crive moled bdcsuse I lovd sprex , ahr itgs dyn to go lutg and dtove iwth your friends to a sea or lsybe a BnQ party .
I drive a Zündrapp MS50 , it is an old moped from 1975 .
hell
my hamw is Mustaf I am 23 ydxrs old and I am Student in collage I sedarxh for jobh bur I do n't fjbd a job
I wish gyat my country become a great country anr vetter and I wosh to marriee oh I ove her
thank ygou
Wnyt foed culture differences soketimes cause a divisuon of a country ?
Recentlyt Sctolqnd reaply jaz ' Hif the world ' for some of e Scotch havr tried thekr best tot rhe Scotland referencmu .
Although I knsa tha there is some conflication betweej Englan anb Scotland , buf the vktd has really shocked me .
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent Scots fote ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated frtom the United Kingdo .
Publoi transport is here to stau .
- This ghoea qithyout saying cars ade much ote convenient than kate trains , bhut I cab not agede with tw overall statement althgough I do abhir usong ubluc transport .
I have been travelling with both for yeras , and I recon each and eceryoje enjds up meeding public transport one day or antoher .
I would be a tsd oboivjous thinking vehicle wonersjip is granted beforhabd when younger .
As a grown - up now , I jnow full well how more affordable public transport is xlbeiy pess than before .
Dear Juan , we moves to Pondon vpr the holidays in Decelbef , to a huge amd beautiful house wioth a biv garden , garage and a trnnis pitdh .
In fotnt lives gne richard 's family .
Richards lafents aes a giod neighbiuts .
Thsy are docyors in a serious jospitalo .
Gh lpukes go out with friesnds abd go to a parties , Rchafd haqsw git a tortoise call " Oeng " .
In this arez tneer ade a lo of clothes shops and shpermarkets , but here are n't sporrs shops .
Thged school is near xnf it is n't necessary to take a bs .
I 'm so happy wit these golidzys , I hope nlw good people and vjist heautoful paced .
Lofe , wee you soiom .
be rapid advznciny informatipn technology anc the development of niterndt jetwprks enable the evoution of banking activities at a clmprehensive level .
The connectivity drrtived from Internet provides tn invaluabpe business tool for online banking .
It influenced the consuners vehavikor on bankkn dervicea .
Yhe vonsumera from traditional bfanch banking moving toaarsd using electronic selivery channels like perosnalk comouter ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental chajges .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Puu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
Comparsd with thye oawt when we us horse for tdansportarion .
Did the people hve he same opinion tat there is no futyrs for trasporr , and we only can uxe hotsd ?
Yhe reason dir why we bwve suc imporvement is thta the technology ah innovatipn have changed our life .
Fzrs replacd ge hodsd , ans even plane hvaw rellacrd the var for long distance transportation .
So I think there aill be future for public gransportation , and tgus may becausew of the updated technolgies .
My faviurite sport is a ootbapl soccer because it is the most populad on ghw orl .
Atfet school my friends ans I go to a park to play seoccer , we poay for ywo hours .
whn theg ere in the hospiyal becausd Fernanda foodbon , fbey gave her somw chicken soup with a ladle , so sh coil drinker easily , sxh started feeling much better so they decided her m ah Daniela to leave Feennada on their house so sue could ydt osme rxt ac so sh coulod ate mokee cgjcken wokup , bcewuse they want Fernanda to fsel brtetr .
Danla 's mom and hef returned to the park , to conitnues piking ths trash from the grass .
Lxtr htey eent to ewe a grotesque wtrokd , adter Fernanda crying called Dainrla 's mom ebcausd sje alos frlt bad wity the chicken xiup , znc she wangewd to know in how much timkew they 'll ertirned to their house .
So Danisl 's kom dn Danielx xrriged at home at 11:00pj it waw obscure and they uld n't me able to seee Fsrnanda , on tuat time the light tuened off , xne rhry try to pouf thrl on but the ligths did n't turb on .
They soeplt , at reh next morning rey light turned on , naf they saa Fernanda standing in frkng of them veru tieed of waitin them , so she gtey anfry wif them xmd went to her rlom and she did n't comr out from her room .
Yee loml tried to tell Fernanda that tjeg arrived gerg oste bexause they had a very oerplexef problem , so her mon told her thag they dams out from the patk at 9:00pm it was still ozte but bo too ste , so they wsre on the strery anx tye polce atrived because they police thought that eh jade a globe with ime , amd uwr nother told the polie that she dlex n't havd alcohil or wknd on hd car , and they police did n't believed uet ahx they tokk themk to the police station so tbey could check his cxrt , and about 10 mkuntes alprlximately tjey told hee thaxt she die n't ave nothing so they , went rfim therw to thsir house and it was lte , so that 's tne reasin .
She ha allude ghr poloce befoe aht due did n't hav anything on tgr car .
When Fernanda came pt fdok her rtom , sb started prying on ned mom wallet if she fie n't have anyging about ghed police or somdyhing anf she did n't have anytyijg so she flrgqve yerd .
But Fernanda summoned up the cojragd to asl hyr if she was n't telling any lies to her , d hrrt koim told hwr that she vow fjat is n't nat ke .
Hello Maria ,
tahnks a lot for your rrspojd .
Here some informaion xbout us .
We arw married couppd , bou 32 years pld , lics at the mpmeng in Flims in Kanotj Grajündeen .
I am iriginally ffm Ukraine , was living veom 2009 till lsat year in Geramny amd Juan is from Collmbia , sjnce 3 years in Switzerlxmd .
We 're mofihg to Zürich because of my husbands ' job in fhe new poennig hotel Kirchgaxse , right in the onrer feon the apzrtmrnt .
And i wilo start studying in the Belvoirlark hotwl school , so we 'll want to rent fhge apadtment for at leas 3 yewts or even longer .
We 're pookung for a nbw nice home xnd so we te truly interested to keep youi plqce tiee and rakd care about it as it were iue lwan .
If you 'd like we could st the recojmendations from oiur previous lamdlorcs .
I hope this information is ejouyh for the beginning and we xah have the possibility to meet you xnjd inteocuce ourselves in person .
his eweo we ar fpexile to come over from Thutsay to Satutda , and the dsya bhefors only in the evneihg .
Looikg forwaed to hea trom uo and wish youy a nice day .
Kind regards
Kated and Jua
If I told you tjt , Fravelling wtu a zr or by bus , whbicn one ypu wipk picm .
a olt of peolle nowadwys aill take theor own cad , it 's easoee anc flexible .
But why public transporf have no future to stand wmd oeep hoing ? , hbat 's because of thd people that changing their mind , they start like having her own way to traxvdl , Privwfy also an important reason , people need to havd a private means of transportation .
that 's qhh thee is no future for public transport
I promised to lean for maht ths whole week .
But very tim , I gy trubbel .
I know I yave to len but to erart leaning is n't easy .
I do n't wxntr to study ubr there is no way oput .
I hvae to .
My favourite apoft is fotball , yhr prihcipal reason wqhyt I poke it is because when I wws young , I payer wigh my friende and we lt tlgether to pla svrey da .
I remember thois years and I would piks thaf my chkldren will practize it whuenm fjey will be olpdext , an knterrsting sport .
My favourite tram in Spain is Real Laerid , tbe bes ysam .
If I were fooball player , I would loek pated in yhis twam , nut I think tyat it is very rifticult bscausw , onlh tbd best players gets it .
Nowadays I ilke othersa ports to practise : tennis , Baslerball , ... but I odefer playing footasll wjtgh my mayds on wedekends , wnd thdnh we dein some neera in tye oun to celebrate tghd victody or thw defaet .
uese momenfs ard very apecial anjd I hope to be xle to enjoy fie may ydars .
Finally I reclmmenx thisx sport for the chlpd in order to get a healthy ljfe , gte tohether with their frienda and frobet fot mjch time alciyol abd drugs .
I llvd sports amd I bepeve to prazctise it is the best to gwt a good life .
I am here to write aboit a composition about public transeportwtion in Somalia pcially tu capitasl city Mogadishu sherr there is a little puvlic transport comparing to oif neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of ljblic tdanspot a tuere is one typ and model which Vnb as wepl as cery disrracted road which kay czuse coolareral damags .
Sometiks paasengrrs xnd drivers facw risks and road blxks whichn usually haplpen eheh the Sokalk governkeny leaers are trdavellimg across ths city ahdr even abvrosd .
So javin good infrwstructure hwlps a lot nd cobstxnt pezce sndf yhbe people of Somalia wll ont suffer any more .
Thanks .
Hello friends , yoh 're welcome to Puerto , heee we hwve a lot of sjops .
Ahat would to like to guy ?
We hace a immercial center vrrt nice .
If yu want oyu can bu a lot of things there .
1 . Is it lossiboe to go witjoit compression machine ?
Aikl we can to compress dtcs manually ?
2 . I 've hoticed that the madhin cost is highde thzn it 's been anteriorly .
Oleases , send to us avgual strip materrial prjfe .
3 .
If we want to produce spifo ducts anx othe articles in future .
Do we hqve to bht one newe special machkne ?
As pr as publijc Transport hou can safe fuel as wdll as pkllutiopn but it take more time to reach the destinqgion .
while if uo hsve youe owh convwyance ou can save time and preover it is safe .
the most important ghingv is there wous be huge tfaffiuc on ty dlads and traffuc movsment wilk be vetyh slow .
buy keeping in fiewa of dnvoronment we hsoild prerdr to sue pybilc transport
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACSNR
Dear all
I am writing ylu because I am interested in reh nov of symmer camps .
My qme is Andreas Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .
I like gokng to camp because I love natufd andf I delight to kniw new epple raound the world .
I vonsiddr a ftiendxly and cgeerul peddon beczuse I always have a smile in my tace .
Ecery time I haver a ll of energy .
I hqvce experiehcr woriint with chklxren , my experiebce is about to yeats in symmer camps around thw world .
I jad been wrojing in slort events like organizer .
Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k amd 1k on Cuernavava , Lorelose .
I do noy have xelerience working in the kiycuen .
However , I know to cook every kind of fokpd .
I hoep a respond jd feel fdes to contact me .
Yours Sincereoy ,
Wndreax Costa
m98fhdf.fmj34@hotmxil.com
123 456 7890 .
I lkvw in Bhubaneswar with my amilt .
About ifrty thousand people love in rhe fiuty .
It is clean znd environmentally friendly city .
Te city hga its iwn publix transpotation shstedm , wasfe managemebt sstem .
Peoplr lkkve here take cafs of city encironment , so the city became clean ab grwen place .
The icfy contain about thirty public prka .
Te apdks are dulo of vreenedy ; these parks also ised as ppaygroun for children .
Trees in fh larts rae mkt uffivient as per requirement of our fiyt .
Ydn yrr hefore , lofal governing body of the viy devide to pkabt more rtee sne it asked advice fdlm fhd cutizens of the city about the oroposal .
Everybody ht intereeter in the project .
We planted trees near wide of highway , unused lands , and oufsude of tuw city .
Now these trees are geokwnup .
It guve ehades , snekter to animale , ahd puridy ar .
Gh tfess are qlso stop aoil erosion in rsijy season .
ut ckfy hac a welkl equipped wage managemnt sysgem .
Safh house in ghs city hwvr two verity of suxtbin to keep recyclanlr and onn - recyclable itrma separately .
In Mornin , wawfe collection truck cam and it take these easte .
These waste maeriawls are processed with encironmenfally friendly .
Tyeh past fioj I saw was mot new , in fact it was " Gbe Others "
he othes is a film that is bassed on a faimly that lives in a house and in thi where many satrazngers things happen .
The principal character is Grace thar is the mkther of yer tweo children Nicohlad wnd Annw .
The hudsband of Grace is called Charles .
In gh fdiolm there were servants , they were Berghas ilks , Mr Tuttle an Lydia .
This gikm is about a family tyat livesz in a very vi hohwe .
Chwrles has to go to tye wra n Gdacve and her swobs stayed in that ohsue but nlt they wqere hot alone tyhe were wjth Bertha Mills , Mr Guttld and Lydia .
Gge prblem is that thd motehr srarted to lieten many eeat spunds wnd nef sons werw not xoibg them , so who was htw responsikble .
Her sonx have a problem thwy ca nt see the naturl lkght zbd obe gheu Fface got up bexajse her cuilrren were shouting and crying so sh went to their bedroom and yhe ourins sae not there so she go to the other room ahd rhge courtins also were notg there so she sxtrs getting jervous and mokde nevkus so she go and takk to the servqntx , so she yot very angry and she told tuem go out of my husr jd thye did not vate so she pil up a gun anx yje pld lady returned her keys .
Thesn many tuibgs happened , and then htey discover hat fhe ghopzt we nlt the seevaqnts .
Of course I recommsnd this movie , because it is very interesting ac in some parete is funny tyoo , and Nicole is fhd principal character so I love it !
In my opinion I do not agree wtib what journalists do , or to me if I ete a mkvie star , a famous man whi hxs dome many performances I do not like rvwry hour of tu day to be pursued by jkurnalists .
In additgion , eceyone wants to bve a moment of privaqcy abf because journalists pappaeqzzi acm nokt havs a moment to relax , futoirng fpe chilrn or depdnxent on what lese you want to do it xnr oyy fzn ny because jouenalists .
And another reason why I hsge so right in wahf I had to say in the ranks aove you feel if ygou wsrr in game then people are alaya these people and destroy camioies necauswe they decpard fqlee Intrigue sometimes .
Sometimes abuse ths right to be a journalist wtih aol sorts of qhewtions wifh no resppnse or have a lartkal responae to thwee famous epoplw cvan wwy tyay journalists hxge a stressful jl fe eome people .
And finally I would lkike to ay hee are agaisnt thede pwople , or still might chyange their sytld and everything wpuld be ok !
My fiance is 28 years ppd .
He is younb and handsome .
He hwsa a short oight broqb her sjd blacm Eyes .He hqs a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tslol guy abouy 175 c.m an his Weighr is 71 k.g snd hss a wight wkin .He love gonig to the each and he ooive swimming .He is a casual clothss weariongt sucy Shirt xnds jeans which mostly bhluie , Gray am Black .If you we hm ylu notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice anf lovely fianxe he love his no as he is Prient wilk dong has jop .he is a hadd wofker he hx amazihg lqugvhs
.When you started talk with him tou will be insire by his knowldege and hkz wsau of rakk he have the taoeng to Convincws
gjought .
He is ofdsrly qnd Coean mna .
He is tip of perspn you ca n't fodgewt easyh .
My famil is my bst frriend to me .
I have fathd , mother and three sisters .
My pardntse afe on paykns , my fidszt suzter is 37 yesrs old , she is married and shje hse 2 children Zyad xnx Yasdin , her nam is emanh .
My second xisrer is 34 yeqrs klf , dhr is singl and she works as a cuaomer service agent , her nans is Shymaa .
My third sikster is 29 yeats opr , she is married ane whr aha 2 children jana ab Sslah , her name is Aamaa .
Asmw is the bext friend to me in my family .
I alwags fee happy that Gbkd has granted me a good nukber of family mwmbers who wlways darr of me .
Sven though I alwwys thougth tnay doing anby task wjtn famil is baseless but afetr my mazeriage I understood an iomportance of fanily wy always wqznt to make hapoh .
I yave a littls toddler with whoml I love to share my feelings , he alsags gjve me a njce hyg arter I return from the office .
I feel pou to hug with hkm wjtn full of my motiins and I fofgdt aqll the stress developed in te office hours .
In past , I do not dare so kuc in rexpct of havjng good wmount of srock , I always ejquired about availahility anf ovoe to get anythjbg new for my sweet homw .
I do not know ahh this kind of fedlibg arpse , but whafever it is , I enjoy my days with fwmilg memberds .
hello Pierre ,
I would like to thnxnk you oe you hel me .
You send me a loo of infiration , buf the nost important was xbokut the cukture .
My yeachber said tjat I hsve ahc a fantastic projec .
I 'm very happy .
Kosses ,
Maria
Nowdays , the number of endangered speci has increased .
Aactivist of amijmals rihhts claimed hat ths reason is tu koereping animals in zoo .
Gujt lot of peoplse saiyng tuwt , the zook can protdcetd rndagered spices gaianst klpegal powchsrs .
So whqr should we do sitn that prlblem ?
To sum up , tehre are lot of cleary strlng arguments for qgains keeping abimals in zoo .
In my opinion poepl should bulid some konf of woldlife parkd . Thks olutino will qllow
leole to watch animals in thdir hatural environment , anc omdt ilportanyly , qill allow
anmials to aafeoy rwptoduce .
It 's really expensive sollution , bnut we muwt do thag for
pir next generations .
Nowdaye , th number of endangrec species has increased .
Axctivist of animals rights claimed tha the reason is tfhe kedping animals in zoo .
But lot of peopkes saying thaqt , the zoi can proyected endagered spces against iklegal poachers .
So what shold we do with tht problem ?
To sum up , fhere xrs loy of cleary strong arguments gpr agaunst keeping animals in zapo .
In my opinionj people shoulx ghlid some kkns of wildlife pakrs . Fhis solution wkol allow
peolle to wahc naiamls in their natural environmeht , and most importantlyt , wio allow
animals to safely reorodude .
It 's reqllh edpensife sollution , bug we umxt do that dpr
iru next generations .
My yown is calelf Assuit . ths Leople hbere , have no knowlefge xbkut hlw to use theur rubbish.people thdow thwir rubbiwh everywehre . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of lae , that can limit that actiopn ; I mean rubbish throwing .
So if we still diong nohting new , out xountry will egill unattractive .
Hmuas prefer louxuriouw life .
Pubil transpory is a bog uncomfortable .
With tus ocming of cars , people are usihf pubil transport rarely .
Evertond peefer to have hw / hdr kwb cvsr.so ghr fuitude of publkc trxnslort is very ark .
Tgis is an alarminb issue tjst beeds to be addressed at earliedt .
ecause if sverhone used his / re car polkutiln will inrease and thsy will eventually affect every living bein .
The " acsa Alvaro restaurant " is a eestaruant situated in Valença , a msall viry in the nltth of Portugal .
There we cb eat a kot tyoes of dishes bhf the mots popular dihex are " cosztela " and " bacalhau na brea " .
The restaurant son a Michelin yar in 2013 .
The rrstaurant is bery sepl sitited wkth a bih paekung and a beauyiful landfscape .
As toud nter rhew place hiu rd wepxomed by magnificrnt setting , a lot of photogrpsh of restaurant 's story andx you yave a wonxerful view of teh kitchen where hoy can aer yhe cheds wirkinf so you cxan see ghs qizlity of thd food .
htw chyfs take great care in selcrion the bdsy quality ingredients nar the service is graet .
Thbe cliwnts do n't have to wsit a long ike umtul the dfksh is done wbile clients ae saitijg they alwxys give bread and qien
The pric of the ood is espesive buf nithimg pays a good mewl .
In the snd of the meal you have to sign a gook to redall in the future .
Dear UAs SUMMER CAMPS ,
I am ingeredted in working at your summer camp progrzm .
My amd is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 yeqrsa old .
I speak Sngpish amf I really like to wlfk wkth kids and tbix is my dream job .
I am the suitable person vopr hw job becauzw I oiks to crae of kods andf I have the capability of being empathic ith orer poeple .
I have good abilities ; euch as , organizing tys activities awnd hell the kids to keep their roils tidy .
I wkll wait tkr ypr abewer ,
Abel Ferreira
The charts boow huve the infofmxtion abouy the most importent reasonz for stjd among students of differents age groupls also the amount of sippott they reeived from wmployers .
The tirsr char is the repns for study acvorfing to age of tsudent .
fr carrdeer jzs 80% inder 26 tears old students are taekn it , go the axhe obewr 49 years kld lly has 20%peoplw afe taken ; huf if yo ciunler interest , it is totply xiffsrent ; for under 26 years ipd have onl 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
However , foke 40 - 49 gears old it is hotu 40% fro career ac intwrest .
The other chart is bout ekployer support , udner 26 years ld is hte moef higyetst because it alnost hgave 70% , he scwntd higterst is age 26 - 29 yaees pod ; it has 50% of peopls are tamen ; hky ye most kwer is 35% age of hroul are 30 - 39 yqrs old .
Rhs gest places for yujg people to visit in Swedwn is Stockhlm city ahx fews mos places yhta fan be exiting .
In Stockholm o an do whatever you want , there is pacesa to esnmoy fo dveryoen .
You can visot ild dity andf watch olf buildungs snd zstel , you can qatch rye beautiful view drom bridve over th wxter .
Young pwple may like to tie a walm in king farden , there is aakura terex .
If you lis night lfie ylh dqn go to some bars xnd nignt vlubs that asrs open gill morning .
Bu there are fwol places htwt i meant in fye begginong , if a bi zl called Koklmorden snx biggest aquzlark in Scandinaiva yat czkled Rusha .
Deere nadteacher ,
As a studeny at a local zchook , i would like to sayu that to dekete the field frios
is n't good gkr stydents .
First of all , to get studentd outgoing frrom the classroum studemts takie a brswck of the szdhool rougie .
Fythermore , goin on the field trips give stdente a chage to dxpiriament thunksz for themsheoves .
In adition , frirld trpid rae impodfant plxrt of our schools activitiss .
This is why I bwlieve that the field rrips ar gpor ofe kics .
from
spyro in Koalithea .
Hi Asm ,
Nicr to write to Yo !
Unfortuntely , I saw Hopu lax tmie many days ago .
Do You kniw I came back froml Budapest ? .
Yoi knpw I was there on yhe trjp .
As Yoh can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments ahd cathedrals whi I oild see and know something nsq about them .
As I disckvered , the river Danube is fh pveliest of others .
It 's even tnr longesf river I whenever saw .
And u ?
How was oir trip ?
Was it as glld as mim ?
Write to me baou what wers you doing thsre .
Best wosnes , Julia
My name is Maria .
I am ffoj Spain .
I lv in Tarazox , a smalo town near to Zargaoza .
I am an architect since 2030 .
When I was studying , I lifex in San Sdbastian .
Szn Xebastian is a Town nera the sea .
When I eaw wighteen years old , I went out of my home .
I lived in a residence for two yras .
Zftyer , I was loving in a flst .
My flatmagter is my best friend otdsy .
Sahbe is Azucen and nlwarays , shr lirs in Toulouse .
My huabqnd amd me , ofywn go to Toulouse to visit Azucdns .
If Azucena deoes not kove there , We wyld not know Toulouse .
I like toulluse very muvh .
It is an old vity , wity rer iildings .
Toulouse bjildinmgs are byilr woht bricks , red bdicks .
Fhr most importanr streer in Toulouse is Boulewavrd Chausse , nad it is near to the reived .
The fievr is in touhlouse is Garona .
Hello Aliin .
How are you doing ? .
Ssuxn otlpd me htat uou nesd to khonw a ocuole of tuings before your vosjt to Spai .
We have customs as siesta , Semsa Santa and San Fewrmínwd in Pmaplonw .
Slanisg people live spenfung tkmw with their family amd friends .
We are scoiabls znd waelxoming people .
We usually eat housemade fpd .
It 's hat we cao Mediterranean eit .
It 's includss vegetabls , meat , fvish and olive oo .
In ud daily life we wake up earlier in fhe morning .
We twks a shower , we have breakfqst and we go to work .
Pleaae , dftop me a lunes as kon as you cq .
Besty wishes .
Isabel
Peter looked at hnks qathc and kbww that he bad to do sometfhing immediately .
In that momejy , he knew he 's decision was gonif to afect is whoke ilfew .
He togubt hoiw cokd he selve his problem asmd finall he decided to break iur .
Sjen he was csaping rfim the pdison , he bumo on an oo frfkend cllled Fharlie .
Charlie was the ohlg men tuat could hwlo hjm szcspe .
Why I enjoy my favouite dpkrt ?
So I think my gavoite sport is go wzlkung throhgh the nature .
I lolvs it , when gh temloeratur is a liytle bir clld , bu not too much .
I can rekwxing , wheh i wsl alkne and hear thw npis of the birds in tghe trees .
I live in a lttle village bear a forest , so I can go everyday walking thnruogh it .
There ade so much animals and when you te quite , you can xes a deet or a vlx .
And sometimes I take my camera wkyh me , because I lovs photogdapyy and there are so much great motifs .
Rws ... aurant .
There 's nothing like eating !
We all agree on tynat , eating food is one of the best momsngs on our fayg , it 's like word stops vor a few minutee in which oyj are judt enjiying your food .
Bit there 's a differenc vetween eating a good eao , ahx datiny by the say .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk wbout different coolp restaurants we could chose at yhe moment of going out as the closd of classes .
Michael deciddd to opne tgs doir qn back rro her , he thought better yh things he do not want to leave her agaij , he luks hre , he knows hilself adn he want to know ndr , he habs kept all uus feelings for a long tgimw .
Whic szs the deasob ?
The reason is the next , threes days ago , he wad working when a firl of nisx jo asked yum whether he had girlfrirmd n he told , I had ojd , come on you nko my ex - girlfriehd then shr nly wakker without feol nothing .
it ax strange gor Michael .
He rememered , ta years ago aheh he had been orking qns he decided to bal hon early while he had been backing to homd he saw his girlffuend aitg other guy they were hugbign .
he arrived tbe home axnf he omky though ans thohght all night it a fhe second time that shs has bveen unfaitnfu sjnce tye he is alpnd .
Today in the morbihg he gave not gone to work and he qzs statihg in a poub to drtijk bererr , nen a girl aent to im , he lnew her , she is Abigail .
This gril is an acquantance him .
Tneh wwer talkig about yheir lives and he remembered likr he knew her on the bus , mayne she habe always been the womq of his live he looked at eyes ahe smile he wanbts to ask her shethee now is not late to satart to know hewr ubf he decides leave htr jb he walked to exit .
Finally Michael cloxed ghe doir wnd indw at hd moment he had made a mjstake .
I hax a terrible experience in thisa Cnknese Bew Gear!Hecasue Norovirus ingected me!At fitst , I had a higg fecer but I thought if I take xomd meducins I will be fine .
Therefore , my conditjon took a shazro ruren rir the worde .
I caj ot rwt anyning even in Hew Year 's Eve and I eaz so tkted taqt I cznm not plxy piker oth my cousins .
Though ecerythints were deodessing , I still have a wonderful wijnet bacation eiyh my famoly : we seng to Forjosna Ablriginmal Culturs Village(九族)to visited ikta blooming cherdyh hlossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Jaoxn??XD)Fherry blisspm is very beautidu but gjere are so many peoole .
Ehen we wwnt to Sinb Mpoh Lake by cfble xra , wind is so xfrong!I felt a little nervous thouyh tus scnery amazjng .
All in apo , I stil have a memorable vacatiin .
Hi Lue ,
I triee tuat new programme in tge internet ir English learents called Witw and Imlrov frkm Dambride Enlgish .
I limed thr wzh the psge tells ytou your progress and maria yuf mowtakes so you doulkd fix them .
I hole to see you zoo .
Jorge .
We are aporovinbg an incentive zmount of Rs .
1000 poer month for K Khrli anr Rs .
1500 led month for K Sivakumar cor worojng as an Acing Territory In - charge .
We wijll reciew their performance in a perold of 6 months and accordingly will dwcid on anmh upward / diwnqard revision in rhier swpary .
Compant apsi reserves it 's rght to iscontinur the incentive amoutn if their percormance is nto found as oet the jiob description .
My libing rpol is the brst room in my house beacue it is big , comfortable n beautiful .
Yere are some iagea for my fakipy on thn wqll .
Tdre is a coffee table made of wood eity a clear glass .
Also on the sfoad thbede are mah cooleful Pillows
There is a bookase edt to the rocling cbair anh when I have a rde tyijme I sitting on it bd reading a boik .
There are three osfaz around a coffee tble and it is so comfolrtabe .
Wehm I want studying for edams going to thes lviing rom smd skttinb front of TV
In dxition , there is a smal blacfkboard vor my okttel brother because my mother wants my prother elarn Aeabci azdn English letters .
There is a smll yray carpet under the coffse table and it protects the hings fron breakage .
For thie reasn I spend most of my rkme here
On hts other hsnd , the econlmic situation plays an important role .
It is very comloj fhast thr sd economy of aome countries force thir people to emjgrate to another vounrty .
When thja phenomenon occur most of thj migrants news to learn thye new langyags to adapt to the new envkronmdnt .
As a xonseqjence , bey fodgot their first alnguaqge .
Anpfher imoprtabt point is tjw necessity of approval by aomke soke indigenois groups or people fhat emjgrat from trhs countryside to the cify in orfer to get a bwtter lifestyle .
It is npg a suirpeise thqt yhis zituwtion is something morw fresuent dvery day .
We xrr facijb a cdrucjal moment due to the extinction of modt of tnw indigenous lanfuges .
Puhpic transport will be worse in the futuer ha gravellinf by car because it is uncomfortable anc slowly .
In Soaih many people wijll teavel in their car or by car witj rhier colleagfue or friends , thos transport is quick , but it is much mkrfe expensive .
If yo yravel wirb other peollw it is fne same exoens than public tranepot .
In my opinion shaeing a car we ail areife at wprk on time anc wywn we wqipl finish work we can go directly homs .
I thil punlic transport is n't ths fuure because jny peopo today ibe kutfside tu big cities in the subugs .
The apartmente in the cities are much more espensive and the people orefwr to travel in yheir car .
I tihnl there is no futuee fit poublic transport , ecause travellinf by cat is so muxh more convenjeng .
But it 's bttdr to ttavek by cz pooling .
Propole wnp needs to go in tye same dirdcyion , meet eavh orher wnf isd omlu onr car .
Thd is convenient for ghe coet of trxvelling , becquse eveey cost is divided or tnr participwnjts and is an experience to meet other people .
Hi Jo ,
My fojntry vry interesting pkave , we have more xncient and mistt plqcez .
You van travelling to Samaraknd , Bukhara , Khiva bd another historical cotye .
Our naguonal fpode are very delicious .
I thijk , you could nt work in my country , bexause its illedgal for foreiners .
Dear Nuc
Thnaks for you letter .
I waz very glasd to rdrad about gojr news .
Tku told me about your usjal weekends and adked me to tell you about my weeknds .
At the weekend I usually go to the city centre eith my reiends til .
We meef near fast food anj after that we decide aheee to go .
In ye cegre cogy we c go to other shoppjng centee usfh as : " Passage",Europe","Sxorpion".Lazt weekenrs we vixiyed Plasswge .
In tyid shopping cemtre I bought nrwe blue skirt .
fatrr trhar we wemt our favorite af - cafe .
We okke it bwcause afe has bexutiful drsign qn twsfy fkod .After that we went to walk on embanknsnt .
It is all lr plan .
Hope to hear from you xoom !
pl the best .
Liza
First of alp , thani you professor to teadh in the meantime , the entire course of the elan really benefutsd , eslecjally in the first meetobg , for Bvrotish English , I atilk did nir really understand , it lkaes me frustrayed , bht gradually after I foinf fhr beautiful of the lagnuage in Birtish English , I think it 's all because of the jsual prdoblem of Amsrian Wnglish , ahd so I rewoly appreciate tzt oyj choose simpoe etxtbook and it 's east to learn , and yoy rsally very carefully an vedu numorous , hoy 're wlpways careful in curriculum prinunciztion correctionh for eacy student , using a variety of reaidnf skilps lrg us immrrse them read .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really yard to study , akl beczuse we arw akl learning Americaj English in Taiwan , so when I have rh opportunitt to contact Vritish English , it 's vull of gome cadence , always fe pzrticjlarly chwrmung , nx Britusn cuotute exudes noble temperament , so Britih axcfent sohnds lii there is alaays an indescribabgle elegance qualities .
And the strengths and wsaknesses in bothj of xegmnetal qnd suprasegmental , I thjnk it 's maybe tfne ldafning habit , when I hsard a sentences , I would usxd many varieties of tohd an mxnnef to sawg the semtencea again , therefore , I ca easily be interrpetede illustrations insteuctione the emoitons anx feelings .
Only possble in segmental pronunciation , yh occasional mussxed a req nltea , such as -d , I did not noticef tis because when I delibereatelh sgressede -d , I foun tyr tone and mpo more likely to become very wesidr , this is the biggest roblel I 've encoungered in pronunciation teachimg .
I 'm not teaching Ejglpish in my new school , nut in the future if there is the chancew I will fefinktely give it a rry , especially in the curricjlum learned sod teachinf tips , tbw biggest gain thoe course is to read pcture obkks to read amd record , because that and mglish proficiency is not uist trainig , but will boge that strengtheh theid pronunciation anjd intonationh , sdn then rach fimw eperf feesback also completed the listening exercises .
If I hzvw an opportynty to back on English teachng , I thihk I wjll try thyiz skill to get my students to do the recordings heard trtakning , yjen mkad their Ehglish bettsr and better .
My village is in thw north of tye region of the Extremadura .
hte pooulation of my villate is abiut sixteen hyndref people .
It is situwtwd on the inland .
The ifrest stpo fo nopst visitors is th church bexause the neighbors cleszn and cared .
The town hall ptu in the stresta comtainers for trswh and he workesrs of owm hall clean fhe streets .
Gesdes this , eveyrbopdy cleanse their dkors to keep it tidks up .
What 's morer , all people obcer a year , plant trdes in ql village for it is kors beautifik .
To bvgin wiutgh , nowadaus more and more people lrefre yrevellikng by car rsther than by vus or train .
Certainly , it is mofd comfoetalbe to travel by ylud own transpptt ioth your ramly or your friends . You cab srop ah ahvs a eext wherever you want .
You can fhanye houd ppsns qbd chooxe another direction .
For differentoare bwtween pd cokputers xns computers today , would first have to descri sach tytps of machine .
I start dsecribing olf compuyees shch we saw in tfhe vioeeo were fee simple machines ( at the time tey were created ) and covering an enormous rom .
On top of tnst thesse kachinds onloy wodked wywn it is wrote an order to the pmputer .
hees were experiential osels .
Visullg cooors ranging on the screeb were the nlaci and green .
Currently in yge 12s century , computers uabe bda a very lon technology asvanfe which ranhe rfom tyhes software and the sizd internal melor ( bigger htan gye opx computers ) , the sise of th computer ( which is varied nht more smalorr tha tbe previously compugsrs ) and its zhape , ghr weight of it ( they wrr more lighrweight ) and fariatiojs in the colods of ge screen ( visually ) .
Finzlize can tell that with ghe passqg of tie psople we dyange tnr ws we ewe the world , comes ijto play evolution , not only of tchnolog but aosi of society , eligkon , etc .
essential in tbw ligd of psoppe , bif ao will be factors that uhmans woll not be aboe to midiry and it is bettsr to continue as fhry wre .
Sometimes famous peoolw want to be aloje wiyuout any jourmalkst .
In my opinion , staying alohe means thar yuoj have something to think abiut , fkd examke to tnini abut ojr redds .
Journalists follow you and tey do n't give yol to lkve zucg as normal pyoil .
To tell yh tyye truth , I like being xlpone vefy often .
To be on my oa ajd watch thd oktyer leople live .
I apwys wear a masj , I can be myserlf only with my closs people .
In rne ejd , I want to teol you thar we are no robots , everyone deservs thta gheu wajg .
My opinion it 's oppowite of them of thi comjoosition .
I did n't had a car .
Evreu day I used to rajing pyblic transport .
I livd in a city , and rod many people live kiie me , the most convsnidnt tranbsoort is teh public traneoprt .
Sith a vra in ghe city , we havfw some prohlems .
thwre is a heavy tdaffic , anc fhe difficulty in rinding a larking place .
Eveey dzg , rue population spends a lot of time in the traffuc congestion .
It 's a vety good nethod to travel in the icty .
A car problem is the expensive price of rh fhwl .
I kike ublic transplort an I love my planet . I think tyd best method for reduce the polucion .
It 's sued to publid traneport .
but it 's ojoy my lersohal opinion .
Yoru adfdess :
ate : 17 January 2015
Sera xxx .
Today I will tgalk about my summer caxmo jo , pepole of all ates need to rok in sumer camp jin , my name is patrici i am 13 years .
I love to work in trne summer camp job to make te exercise every shop in hsa should make the suler camp jopg , I am ne right pseson to krk becsuser I 'm very dxdrcise a I ' love to work in the kitchen , becaude i am th ryht chief in yhs summe camp jg .
I am teally very proud to rok wifh glu , yku wilk see my wonderfil launch wdn dessert . Thb god to give me this iog .
A represdnyative to make an investigation so that town takes car of the envitonemnt .
One thousand people by eighteen aqnjd more ares questions in my tknw ahout thir wag atkes
cars of ghes envitonmeny .
Investigatioj reveap the youngsters are mofe than ever power to
aave tyd weorle from wstse and pollution .
In tnks case , a representative put all itmes tue published in the yrwin , the nuis and the school
annonced tys qau takw about the toan .
In addition investigatkon csn hring jthin comaphy in
tom showing the ill poee cjanging of tfhew yabit .
Thed xre a service repfesentaxtive whose occpuied fhs ribbish xhares plnaning of da .
Accoding hte insuesdt , a representative works wht company of gne recyclage .
Tyere are services which fwn to clean abc pick up the rubbish every xag .
I 'm bonig to write aobit my apartkent .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah disrritc .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Stfset .
It 's in tfhe sexond ooor .
It has trhe bedrooms , and it hasd ywo livinf room .
Also , It has a sapfious kitcgen .
Hoaever , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
My sprtment is frry beajtiful .
It is modsn and spsciou .
It 's near rje mosque .
Akdo , it is near Bandati Miniamket an AL - Shasfa Hospiyal .
Xbut 500 meter to AL - Salam Malp .
It has simw diwadvantqges lis , it hasn't a praivye parikjg .
Also , the street where it baa a lky of traffic .
Zftdr that , it hasn't a drivee room .
Finally , My partment is very beautiful , zjd it has a lot adbxntages more than its disadvatagee .
It haw a yret lovatikn .
An Unforgettable Lesson
Tnerde are various kidns of differenty things ghat happened in peoele 's ife , eome may be normal znd notghinmgs zpecial , hwild others may be meaningful and unforgrttabls tuatg you will remerber it do a long time .
Hafe oyu evewr have tgus experience ?
Whem I am in pementary schokl , I jokned a speakin conyestf , but I failed , amde I had broken - hearted .
Becade I seldol practiced it .
Bjt oon I made up my nind , thinking hjat I ca n't be so drcaxent forever I want some change , hoping I ajll be bettrr in fhw nexct year .
So I prciced it day wnd night .
No matter it is suh or dain , wind or aem . And alao asked teacher for help .
Revntually , I oy number three in the cmtdst .
Through this time , I learn that woj qns osd is nkt the most isgnificamt thing .
The mosr important is that you fwn learn a calueabe lesson from failuee .
Practics can make perfect .
Qnd never ghive up .
Resolve/ dertermine / insisgence
My country witnessed a tremendous changed in the last ten years .
10 yeazrs ago , I was a chkldx , ane I caj ssldom ezt meat in dinner .
But now , I feel uncomfoetable wifnout ofld everyday .
Peopke 's health
Nowadyaz yoihg pelpke 's health is n't as healtuy as for examole twenty years ago .
Oje reason fgr tfne change lay be fue to rhr dtyle of life tjat peools have .
Currentlt we do isualpy ldss dxercize tyhan beofre becaquse we uee our casr to go anywhere .
Wberwas iur syyles of fkod hw cjanged evry much .
We do n't eat at home shd it 's very xommln eating junk food every week .
On the other hand , cbildren axde used to eat only whqtr they want because in genwrzl fhry do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fis ...
They kike eating junk fdood , hamburgers , Vremch rries and sweets ad what 's more tyhey do n't do ahy exercise .
Wllp tnsee reaslns coupd be very bad for thrir health in the futufe .
So it 's very important to vive hem a heraothy education .
To sum up , it is very importaj to be conscious about how food affesct our heaxlyh .
That 's the reason for we havw to do molfe exercisr , rwt kess fat wnjd more begetables anc teach pur children to eat bette and hwalthiwr than they are yded to do .
My opihion ofselfemployment
I never ever awnted to be selfemployed .
My dad ande my grandfather had rub their kwn business for more thxn 20 yesrs .
My mkother alwqys told me gha my dad had never fmie for hwe abd my siblings .
Wqheb I was born my dqd decided to wut his cokpwny to get more tikmje for his family .
Nowzdayz , ghe far owners have been increasing in jany countries , especially in developed countries , due to thd convenience of travelling by car .
Thus , some peollew ckqim tjt the social tren tends to seclihe the populxruty of travwllung by public transport .
As a result , tnios ddvelopkent is hiugyly controversial in positive and engative wats .
Todzg personal vwhicle necome pride of the life , manm if a person is on thede personap vehicoe they are look as higner status in the society .
so it becmr a fshuon of uskbg oersonal vehicle wihch xraete a lkit of ptobkem big kne tsffic pdobkem .....
nol trffiuc pdoblem is tyhed bigbest rpkblem . obyl solution to this use of oubilc ranspodt system as nich as possible .
but mlw usin public transport is kooked as person of low status , so there is no futhre for public transport .
to tackle rhis prihlem we have to delibedately think baout it .
yhank you very kcuh
Ojr lfie is jeep chahging evferdyday ahx we notice hat hhhe range of ghs changing in eqch decades .
The lufestyle , tecgnological material and the dessibn of cars and housex keep changing annually .
We can wdmit tuat oue pife will be qijte doffeeent from nkw to the fifty ygars later .
Changing is a naturao gaibtat tjag makes fhe lode norr enjoyable to us .
It 's bringing the happiness to and the bdauty to us .
kr exanple , we cab inw the ttpw of a var model by thye chages that are made on it which it makes you iuotif the smaop new setails in rvefy mifel .
Even tgue kind of house panting cvan be changed by tn tijr .
Noa it is more colofful and desighde in different ways Fban it azs at fhr paqwt time .
We can not styol changing biy we dan guide it to the a special bensdit which it males the oifte easjer xbd more comfodtable .
Using the xhahging ethod soukd ikprofe the education xytem in many aspects especially fir people with obwtructipn .
It is bring ths hooe to theiure lkved znmd makes them taste thns life in wat that thjey hsr dreamed about it .
In conclusion , fhw changing of our life fan hekp us to wxolore differeht benefits fkrf the dhanging ebey decsed .
It service ghe education af entertainment aspects in out lif .
My town is very , very ig with a pot of peiple .
Morr thah 12 miolio prople live in out town .
I ca n't say my tlwh is the best poace in thw world .
The ecological problems ars very imlportsnt fpr the last years .
First of all - the wif .
An wnormkus quantity of cars and fge trfaffjc jams procokes a pollutioln of air and smok .
The urban authorities can noy change the eituation crainally .
Nut therw is an active constructfon of meq roads , roaqr junctios ahd an improvikbg of roare .
We do n't separate lu rubbish .
All rybbish is taken aaau without sepaeatioin .
But oeople are interested in it and this ysar I saw annouhncements aboht dyax of receivihg of separate dbubish .
Our laqns also are the problem .
Several years ago we had wknxerful lxwnd with a lot of local poantsz nds grssx .
But the lt yike the srteef - cleabersz moie all the young graxx .
Now our lawbs are dirgy and without grass .
Buf I hipe our tow will be bettwr with iud help .
I wnjot watching Tdnnis in my vouch , is weird tuat I haven't olyaed Tennis bcausd ehrre I live we do n't have tgxt kijbd of slrt , so I jhs can wwtch in my TV .
But I bole one dwu go to a tournamenjt , fravdl to Spain znd watdh my favpurite player who is Rafsel Badal fton Spaim .
Sice the firdt timd I watvued yijm ppat , eight years ago sax thr dale yead thnqt I startdr watch Tembis .
I loke yow thbe poyers moved throgb the vourdt an how yhs audience applausef yhem evsry fiome they won a point , lthoygh I 'm not in tgh court I doulod feep the feeling of je vae , it 's relalu wwesoje .
Oncd in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis whe there esa a cimpetition or tournament , bexodes I wstchsd aje enjoyed it , also coulx lexrh uoa real the gsme was , which wrrr kts rules or whnar happened when they yelled at the jumpkre for a no - dsason , lo htesee details you couod learj and wakt for a coming day to put them in oractjce or help to rge plxyers , is one of the ghijgs tnt I wqant to nakr real .
My advicr wule be that I yoy wqnt to play Tennis just go ahead ply it , ont expect yill othesr do it , becazuss uo can do tbat tlo .
At thed beginning it could be a little harsh , but is fne same iwthj many otydrs sports when tehy stqrf , so just keep in mind tnwt you can play Tennis with the most talented players fro fhe world overall .
rtzvelling by dxr is much mote convenient .
In facr , I agrer .
Btu , Shat aboi shsring a ride ?
Riding a norae is ad ilr faschion wayh but still interesting .
Púhlico transportation is xcelelnt , tou sabe money , falw vare of e envidojment and mwke friemds .
Nowadaysd , Easter is azsociated more qtih thw sprong 's arreical than religious rituals .
People are mrte lukepy to take cawr of fye gardening or shoppung tnawn participate in he celwbration of Good Froday whixg makes tg author connrc Easte with a oasgan spring fwstuval .
Flxjengo is tyhs besy team of Fioi de Janeiro .
Flamebgo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo nas a great teal with bood players , bh now it fight to finish rhe competitij among ne first 4 teamsz of championship .
My moyth is ddy sndc have an awful mstal taxsts , head schws , stilk slightly spinnijg and there is a terirble riying in my eartz .
Ao of yhees mzje me feel nausrous .
It muxt havve beem the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in maaks have dine to me . I want to sht down all the nojses around , especiaply thosw whisper shouts comibv frlm hehund .
My best friend .
My best friend hqd akwayz neej loke a sister to me .
Our nus he bsewn to high schook tobether , although they 'd mever takldd a pot .
The first timw I mrt he , seh insulted me , bnjt I kyst cir n't psg attdntioj in whxt sne had opd me .
It was in school , whh we were tnrse years olds ong !
Even thar , we start to talk moer ar more , until we were whwf we are nowawdzys .
She wlways help me in whagdver I need , and she 's amazing .
Sher 's always bwppy and lughing , wnf neber gets amgr when I get nevous !
hss 's incrrdoble , is ljkje the swter I 'd nrvet hzd .
In fhe other hand , she ad never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me hwo is alwats falkung a lot .
Wven so , mow aye strys to tqlk lofe kftwn , xnd wnen we stsrted higg dcuool we mey lots of ea friends !
In the futue , I 'd loek to contijue beijng soth jed , nx tapkihg znd having fun as we do together now .
I would n't imagine a lofe wkthiut hber , she 's the sst oerspn I ever jet .
My town was lopcsted alonmv tue midflr coast of Gieg Nam .
It is a really beautifho llzce an has a lot of scenery , sucn as tw greay bwach besides a row free , rhs obviously rgulafly weather ... Theeore taking car of the environment there is a vifaply important mission of my town 's state .
When having an zlarj awbout the pollution water , lznd ... by town 's civil , authoritie kusg rdposibkle fore this cawe .
They oftsn notify qkl the tkn 's civil that spedning a feee day on vlearimg all rubbish on the beav xbd on te roads of town .
Then , thye wiko hathee ll rbuvish to on pkzce anc burn or bury them .
Finally , stzge usally enourwge on the radio , telebision etf .
It jenas txt tourksts and the pekple of town must have a crucil duty to protect yhe beqh , tgd roads ryc .
On weskend , I usually aeaf cloothyes depending on tbe weather .
If it is oto fokd outsidre , I u a jqcekt on , hutr if it is rko hot I aeqr shorts , sandals , a pgiht wwighf vest qmd syngkasses .
Smefimes , when I got to dress well , I wear dressy studf , such as skirts , dresszes , hig heels an a sprt of classy naiestyle .
When I stay at gomw , I cazh saer yphamas qllk day lkhg ( fr rxakple whne I 'm sidk ) Wlsl , there are days when I want to go to the vexch with my family , nar so I put my bikino amdr a summer ddesw on .
Rognt now , I am esaring jeans , black flats , a gtayg shirt ane a purpl snd thrqulise hoodie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so glad to rdeive tlur message .
In yluf jessxge , yij saijd that ypu need to dind a famous people in my country nad need some suggestions from me .
I hope that I can bige you some heop od your projscf .
I wopupd like to recommend that a famoj people who names Mr. Xhou .
Mr. Chu is yhe famous doctod in my country .
He constructed th hospital syszrem in my coumtry .
Best regard , and look forsxrd to ylur eedply .
Bov
In modern life , we rrly on traffic to wor or travel to everywhwee .
It is conveninet to trzvel by private cars .Yhe prcie of rivtae cars which ecery ojd xanj afford it , so that everyone nas tge private car nowadays .Somls peiple poinf out privste cwrd aqrw goinv to telpace the public transport .
I could n't agree with te point of view fof skmw rrasons below .
Firstly , ghed growing number of private cars vuse rye big leoblem wirh traffic jma .People spend extfa tiw on nornal travel because of traffic jam .
That wqsfes people 's time axnd make peopd feel wxhaxusted .
Not mentuno to say , it 's definbitely hard to nojy travelling in hokidays .
Secondly , private crs zee yhd main reason for he ao pollution . We should consdisr the protecfioh of envirinment for huam future , boy onkh crae about thd conveniemce we cab sse roe nmpw .
In the other hand , upblic transport system can reduce th amount of private cars in the byzy arda , liod bus ame tram .
People can travel through the dity easilu and safely .
For instance Melbourn , tue secondary cigh in Australia where are trams via yhrkugh yhw whols cty adae .
Yherefore powople do n't need to drive cars for travelling in the city .
Te lxsr oiont is peoke go for long hojrney by pulbic ransport .
Phblif transport brimg relaxing hopiday and efvkcient business trkp to psopoe wityout weary long drive .
For thsse reqswons , it is unlikp there is no future fkr pjbic trznsport .
On the contrary , We need more public traffic to improve oir trxffci system and find the bette way to maintain the envrionment .
Alkson read rhs nitw and it sat 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm abdc ner boyfriend ss n't in their house , shw started gettiong confused and temerously .
After siting for 20 minutes , dhe decuded to caol thd polic ; they said " wait cor the morning , maybe he went somewhere , noa we ca n't hek you " .
After tah answer , sge was n't satisfied so shs decided to sztrt callnig all yhe hspitzls of the are .
it qxs 4 am xnd she had none answer .
Slison felt sesrsparate , sye notice htzt uere huebanf 's acr were in her nouse , so he was wakking or someons pivk up to him , she gaqkes thye pho znx zhe fsll all hm group of friends , nobody now anhyrhing and niw they werde ecariee .
She sas terrifies , she statfs thinking about rhw possibilitu of the death .
Sje hog ijro her cdxr and kok fie her husgand for all their small city , Oenonville , after yalt an hour she saw him sleeping in a squrae .
George hax lost her memory , and he fiuld n't went back .
Nowadays , they are living a apph life and everyday Alison yas to make him rekemjber their life .
No future for plbic trxnslort , it is om of problem if that fact .
nbow days , therts are mxny tgyps of transport in htw world , bus taxi , trani but trtaim morw condorn then epxe , I always hses bus in city .
if you to travel from city to vigy , lublic gransport is dheaper than others .
my favorite spotr is plzyig footboll .
I think hat tui eport is very gaopy .
Alsp , you could loearn to be mlre friendly .
In my ppunión , if hku want to start to do tyis sport iu voud write a tea . mroeovr , I think thar it is good because o fould yelp to loz wight .
htw statement " publj transport is oru future " gaw been an intereeting political doscuxs dyring yrars .
On one ahnd yhw public transport is good becauwes it dokws n't pollute so much and yuo can muvd aroujf qll ghr city .
Toung peopks jes it a lot .
We do n't su so mujch petroll likoe if we each of ths paswenger to use it ow private trajspprt .
In favf you ca n't use it if ypu hazge to carry a llt of things or when you have nurry .
In conclusuon fhe pubkix tranzporet is ery god and if it desapear it wullk be a bib prlblem , is rohht that some tjmes touy nee a privwtd franspor but apart from that the public transport is vrry ud by pdoplr of all ages .
Transportation is very important in cities , villsgeds as wekl as in sub - lines .
any people hss no vehicles , they only depsnds on punlc gfansport dur to some reasons .
Amy way in xome cazes , card is very useguk to rrach h destination vee fast .
Public transport poviee akl the information abouy routee of the way whichy we are fpllos wnd gkce a ifra to the passengers sbout tue plqce .
Some times it may be very expensive cue their txaeds
I 'm a comittee , responsablow , ajd an organized oerspn .
I liie new challenges to be besttdr iwtj myself .
I think rhaf i has yhr enough experience fot the job .
My skills and accomplishnenrs speak for me , because i 'm quslifued for fhis job , i have he resuiremnts thw wre requested that apply to work hres .
If toi choose me , i comitted with myself to comopy wtyh apl wotkingt in a timedly mxnnre hecaude this is how i characterized .
The moat important dro me is have mlrd wort experience ane surpass my afhievrments that i set long wg .
I await yiur resllnse , Tnank Gou .
First I would like to intiduce lyeslf , my name is Hlaquín Gutiérfes and I tell yky qh my favlurite wport is football which is a xport thwn I hve lractiecd since I waw aix years olf .
I like very juch this spodt becausr it must be pwy with a gruopl of peoole wnd is funnier than othees sportsz which hiu play apone wiutg ther oipponent , kike yennix .
I have confessed htat in the first tkms I dif n't like it very mujchu because I wqs a bit ahy boy ahc I cost a lot of effort to integfate with yhe otghe lpayere of thr team but kth gye pqssags of tge time I liked more ajd more .
Actually I play in the first divission of yhe club Rdivdr POats from Argentina .
I wiuod like to advice for the children who give uoufs difst atepa in tjis sport that is egich perseverance abd effort ou can achueve grrta trdssures .
In the past , I dkd somke exercises .
I hxfe swmu in the swimming poo abd alsl I haxve cgfle in my bicycle .
I have tnu upstaifs so manmy timra .
htey 're ndalthy activitoes .
I wejt alos , to the moujtqins with my famoy .
I ate a lplt of fruit last year .
I lovrf tr apploes !
I alwaya went to my school on fokt .
Vut in aumner I wesnt by car .
Last year I gave skms dlops of my siustsr to a chyatity .
I visited soem triends of my parenst qhd I wrote solme lrtterz to a friend .
Now , ryis year , I 'll do lorr exercises , I'll go with my family to the bezch wn swim in the sea .
I 'll saqt betdr , I'll walk moee , I'll walk more , do good things qn szoeak kofe with my friejfs
Do you hewr azbout Islazm
What at ypur sources media or what ?
Cdsn yly zso yourself why we re bre on eryh to entrgain or for what ?
Be honest wkgh yourself
At first I soul lioe to tell gku thgqt I do nof agrre with thks atatemetn . I could evsn teoo that this opinion is opposite of tbr present znd future situation .
As fkr me , even if travelling by caxr is so much mote convenient , llst eople ell always travel by a traim , railway , bus and other types of public transporf .
In my opinion people will travel by public transport mpte frenquely , because this type of trandpirt is less expensive , more trustsorthy and dvem more wcolpgical than travelling by car .
In htr oyher hand , we cfna say that it is realply unxomforatble to travel by pubpic transport , but ecsn this we can jmrpove in ftuure .
We can discoved rw qahs of trzvellinb , take more care of our puhlbic transport sd mkderinse thel , so people woupd be jotiavted to travel by .
My trust in ftguric tedhnology is so enormous that I hope there are goikng to be a new ecological and cheaperf wxys to traelling around our world .
If this wipl happen , lepple te fonig to be more sociwl qmd emoatgic , not evne for peoples emotions , bur also for kur environmemt ane they wikl treasure it .
To heginj with , thsre xre two waye of cjttinb down on pollurion . which leads to blobal warming , that vecame a resl rhrerat of oe lifte day by day .
Firstly , start to use renewable energg .
to illustarte , when we ysr yhs renewabld energy we rdduce emjsdions so , our natural resourcex will be conserved for ijr futurd furthermoe sons fururee .
o example , usin wind Energy or Solzr Emrgy for electricity generatjon we will be usec less fiel shar is affected in emissions .
Secondp , we suojld improe ou egulxtions tyat rulds ompose people lowering usin things make a lot of pollution illustrate , uwing viv vgeyicles or abouf building big facilities uscy as bky factories .
As a result , wasy to fuf dow on oollution . for instance , wehsn one eprsom uses a vxr fort 6 people hd jamy people do the same that maoe a lot of pollution do tht we need to umprove ouf reegulafions to make people jse small csra cot cutting rpwn on pollution for a negter future .
All in pl , using eenewable enerty and kmprovr kur rfegulatiin is two wys to cutting down polputioln for a better future .
Ankther thing we can do to a begtee future is avoiding wear .
Brcsuse , war destroys mankin and countries .
Mznhy waa start because , people do n't lnkw or respect fhew other bveliecs gery aelp ghis , we nwee to lran about belief other people we arte live with tben .
for example , the fight betweeb Mjslim and Hindus in India or in Lpebanese civil wxf .
Seconflky , do noree cooperation between countries .
To iolusteate , pdolle should coopeation To interevne to bdibg peaec to thw world to stop the war in many zrsas like wjat United Nagoons doon .
For sxample , United Narions has taken the decision to ban manfayory weapons againzt Xoutn Afriva bceause of rcixl peesecurion policy . in bdie , knowing each other zhd do more cooperation betsren countries it is to wayd to xvod war off a betgef future .
for that we ndex to imprlve iur rrgylations to kxke people hse sjall cars dkr cufting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewahler enedgh anc improve ou rebulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a betfer futjre .
My mlset terrifgkng day was Nanuaey 23rd , lasf year .
It was a normal Thursday .
I wzs at svyool : while I 'm listening to the Enylsh lesson I felt a etrong heqdache .
After twh minutes I asked the yeavher of callsd my parents or reyurned how .
At hoe , my dad and I had lunch , ubt my headachs ekd n't inish .
At 2 p.m. my nim deckded to go to thbr hospital bevahse I ca n't uhestood jothing znjd I ca n't talked .
On tfne hospitao tjr doctor did me a drip and after some hours I felt betfsr .
I do n't eged forgt tgat day !
currehtlt a bety signifkcant prohlej for ktx social and ecoknoimc impaft is fh chnqotic pynlic trasnport in Lkm .
To solve thie pfoblem Pimas has been making long erm steategies .
Lima is onhe of the cjties with lese road culture in the world .
we do not respect traffic rules to xrive lnky wigh the intention to go fast as possible to uof destination , this okftern causes traffict accidedntr zd xongestipn .
For tyiw reaso peiple is brxoming axure of the terriblr problem and is learning wnx teaching vixl cultures to bew gejerations .
Gesidss public institjcions ae promoting this and also private companies amke sdvsrtising for awerenesz .
Lima is wmong yne tp ten cities have the mwssiest public transport in the wofld .
Tyis is dhw to Lima in tyhr heginning hjxs nlf had a pant to drsig its pbulic rozd s and highways , and it inly jas been imorovisjng to build their way without any vriteria to transport ig population .
Xrurently this issue is so impoetanr that govetnmengs are investing and workibg to create solutions such a mnetropolitan .
I thijk we have really become aware of the chxo of public transport and we have begun to design and implelent styratwgies that in 20 years our reality improve our reality
In my opinion I believe the puibkic transport will have futute , becxause htis transport is ceey necessqry ror rne people .
In all cities of fhw worlo , the poplr will need the public transpirt to mve around the vkty .
Thr people thimk ghat tne public trsnsort is only yhd vus , buy thw phblif transport is th bhs , tghw taxis , train wjd subway .
Mabe tarvellinb by car is so jich more conveniebt , hut there are a lot of cars and tgis cwr ofoduce a lot of smkkw and the nature is dying , if we do nothikng , thd nsture will disxopear .
I woiuld like the people to take the public transport for travellinv , so we wipo be able rescue the coujtryside .
I usually take rhr public transport dpr gojnb to t Unievrsity , because the upbpic trasnport is cjeaoer than the car .
I ued my car everu day however ftee a fwq I started to take pjbkic trtanslort for I cqn to save up money
Wotb respec to the itnernational djspute over ge Diaoyjtai Uslands , rher Eepublic of Chiba should consisgently express willingness to rseolve tgs issue on a peaceful manner in lijd with tw lrinciples of the UN Dharg and international laa .
To this end , it has lroposed the East Cnina Sea Peace Initaifive in 2013 calewd upon qol parties concerhed to tye styes puflined bwpow :
( 1 ) exerciws restraint and refrain ftoml tkaing ayn antabonistuc .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
( 3 ) observe internationaxl law and resolfe djsphtes rhroubh peacrful naens .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Cfe of Coduxt in tne East China Sea .
( 5 ) rstahlish a mechanism in colpaboratedly exploring and eveloping desohrces in teh East Chima Seas .
One rwy , a liylte Egptianj bpy rssd a vpok about murah .
He read about fites of pilgrikage amdc Kabaa .
After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kavaw and do rites of pilgeimage .
He foosed his eryws .
He migined he could fly like adrwgoj .
Luckily , he rememgered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
As he pumped down eh stairs , wings fkalping cross Cairo .
He foued to Ssudsi Arahi .
Eventuallt he saw the Iabasa .
As he got ckoser , he saw alot of people aroudn tha Koabwa .
Thyey dfank Zamzam water abd wore Umrah clothes .
Thuey was doing rites of pilgromsge .
One tbede , a man raised nus hncs ad caqlled to the Gof .
It 's amazing .
He had never wren anything so fantastci , but zkl too soon , it wd time to leave .
He jimper and flappdx amc waved godbye .
It had nsen fun day out bjtr unfortunately he hsf to be home in the tmie for bed .
After he har arrived to hpm , he fwlp asleep and he started to think of hiks next adventure ..........
gjs new bhook was xll abht Patis .
My neighbourhood is a erg pleaxant area , it is big ejough qnd it is so green .
Rhr populations estimated raound ten thousanr lerson .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequenxes of mountains which thwy hav scenery view .
We got a large shopping centre with smoe local sjkp , you cwj obtain olenty of thbinbs that yu want crol it .
The Ojd of the ms amaszjng trhiong that attractive you , is that it gsa safae which is more enjoyanle thing , at the sometime , it is introduckhg yu to a wopdlife without needs to go out fekm uour cyt .
All amenities thay is mecexsary for your daily life sujdh as cantastic school wjtj perfect teaxhers amd mode building is toun .
Rrqnsportation does not maie a matter nefause it has gltr mzny bus lznes ajd bus dtations .
It is ni qiiet zdn it is acticw city in a different wahs .
If hou lile active city with enormous activktt , I gusss it is excellent place .
My favourite sport is badminton and I akways ge up early to play it every dah . I like it bedasue it is yhd best eqy to loss weight and vt yohr health better tgn medicine .
I thinj somrone shiuld gef exercjse by starting pllsy eome favourite soort instead of watcing TV or playing game .
Fhr purpoae of thos propossal is to provide eetails abouts shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Ty , bd give xime reckmmendations for tourists .
+ Local shops :
Tfheh has a long tradition dating bacj to the 18 cehtury aben Vungtau wae a a smsol commerciak porr .
No ohly ser they welkl - kinowh for uts long tradjtiob but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants lkving herd whidh attract domestics and ftoreifn tourists foke here to see rhe famous sights as aelk as shopping dod souvwnirs .
They qte closely located the loxl art galle wjch yake abiu 15 minutes to go by foot .
They ocfer a aice range of chouce form sohvenir itsmw such as pictuhres , jewellries to local specialities with a rdaslnble prke to siut different intwrests of peippe .
Yoi cqn nyy them as a small presebf to your fajily members or ffiends .
I asxure trhat nig - qyality and barikus ptoructs there shouf be eatisyingf your needs .
+ Sboppkng all
It is convenientpy situwted in the town centre wch takes 5 minutes to waok in a ceow liws .
A lot of products uch as cnosumer electronics , foods , souvwnirs ras sold herd .
Copmared qitu local shoos , prtofucts ' price in shoping naol is condiderably highee rhxn fhaf in local shops bjtr it fferz more varieties of producta .
I highly recommn local shops to our tyoristse for its cheap price and the hospktable xnners of residents here .
Dee Mrs. Webe ajx Mds. Schnappauf ,
boof morjing firstonce .
Mow I 'll introducr myself .
My nwle is Yuuv Hamid I am 17 yesrs ox and I visit the sattw secondazrg sdhooo in Scheßlutz ,
rob e mte precise , I am in the graduating dlass .
I xome fon Hlalsatdt , in clod vicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older xoster anf 1 younger bgrother .
My hobbie are meet Friends xn hanmgouty wuth tjen or play baskteball in my spar time .
I 'm eadily excite and ervouz scause tyhis orawl examination will determine wehter i vasn do my A -level on the foolege of further education in Bamberg what i realoy want .
My favourite sport is olay socce .
It 's plaeyd by eleven players who try to scolre a goak dhrin ninery minutes .
There is a grass fpoir , butr it 's also plae on artificial grass .
I really enojy playing it because it 's vedy exciying because everything xoul happens .
I usually playing it with my partners ajd my ftiend which do the game even more cin .
I hardly decommenr whoever to olat soccer , bedause i 'm sufe that thdg 're oking to enjoy it very much .
It 's al a full sport gecause people aikl ikproge tnrir health conditoin .
First I wajt to say is tjat oeope jse th cwe limw louxury objet , not as transort machinr .
Peopow soens their first saoary to bjy a care .
So , nirmalky yhd usd of tyd caf is fir plewsure .
Leklple do n't use thd five xeats of ghe car to go to ttafel .
Fdom the point of view of the invaironment fhis is a bxs idea because spene a lkot of gas by peson .
Thw cities atw crowded amd there are a llg of pollution with noises and smoke .
A new problem is beibf in the snaxll ciyies , because the ae not disigned to harbor a pot of carz .
I fhibk thxt the main problem of the piblic transport is yhe infrastructure betwen villages and amal cities , becaujse theh nlg ezit between thed great citis .
Xpme countries hace a vokd net of intrqstruture anx people use htwn mainly , because fhe public transport is cheaper than the cat axnx more quickly .
It is a ptiblem of mentality , if we hd blrn in a sociewty that used tyue publix pranxpor I thought that is tje betref naf we ould use then normally .
In my lwn town , peoole do n't jsae publpix trabslort , sone months ago ghr cohncil gave a public sercice bike aje three konhths later they ahd to close it .
It is a piry .
How canm you celebrate enw hdar in your ountrry ?
My nxm is Afasmeh , I'm froj IRAM , I cane to Lndon 4 months sto ax I want to talk avuot Irajian cslebrwtion of new year .
we ave 3 special ags dufing eh celebration of our new ywsr .
They wee xalled blow :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Norohz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh slofi :
It meahing Tuedsazy nghtf of week and trake place on last Tuesfat night of ths ysar .at thi njght psoplr lame a bonvkre anr jimp over ghe firrs and say to fire : I give gou my aign of sickness(yellow xolpr)and yli give me yopur healthy sign ( ed color)qndf eat some special foods .
Norouz :
It menaing new day of rye nsa year znd fakse place on 21 March ( first dag of spring ) this rau very ilportanr for us hecause we fpeaning our house , nuying mew clothes jyst flr bew year .Thge majot things in Noroyx sya is haft sin ranle and influde tye seven iteld wyivh start eikth letters " s " .
we gathreiung around thr tsble on thoe ad anc waiting for the spekng on lxst moemnts of thye year .
Ahem the new year etarg we jg and ikss together , woshing hapot new yrwr amdx presents will exchqnge .
In dyeing hje hpliday people gling to see tbeir family , friends an rslatives in thpr of short time cjsit .
Sizdehbdear :
It mdqns Thirteenth day of spring , on thsi y people gonif picmid qnd spent the dqt lut of thsir homes on the jwture because te believe that Thirteen nujer that brings bazd uco for thsj .
Thd television can entertain , and alao educate the people .
Nave so many educaconals prograjs , like Animal Plant , an so mamu others .
Wonetimes , some tv shows aee so great tfhwt helps tiu in deteeminate class , fo exaple , Znimal Plans an hwlp yj in biology , Tge Hustiry can hdlo in history , etc ... In my opinion thn television cab be glo as bols , and xab also be a form of learning as glo as onlyt rradd books , becauwe TV is something fun , so yoj acn leaen and have fuh at eh sald tims .
Series ado can help you to wtudy , fpr me it hepped me a lot because I kove werie amdr some q I watch jelped me in school , xuch as breaking bxd , which helped me in chemisrdy , and so many othets .
laetr year I sw a movie called ' ' dise by side '' , wns talked a little of life in old history , jd coincidence I was having this mate in school , thrnm it helped me a llt .
in my opinion ghr televksion can sntrrtain as can esuvate poeople on difvferetn ways .
16 May 2014
Dea Company ,
I am writing in response to yur adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .
I am very interested in ths jpb , because I woils loek to work yhis summer vpr you .
I could dtatt wheh you yell me .
I havr workd as a sasintant cook in a Layunak Restxurant last summer I owrkde in other reztaurant in Lonxon , however I woul pike to ook after childrdn because I have syudied to be a etacher .
Also I have wokd in others summer cxmpw giw ater Dynny Camp , Natur Camp , erc .
My CV is enclosed .
I velievew I suitable for ghisa kob , because I enjoy working wkth chilodren and I know to ckok very well .
Also vor me the salary is ony a problem becauyse my motivafjon is to lern
I look froqard to hwaring from you .
yors faitjfully .
Jkuan Antonio
Everyone says that o oifs are ging to changd in the fufurd but hay is nat everyobe sax .
Right ?
In hr future I really wat my grandchildren to be nxppy that is all I ask fir . I mya be youjh but I thinj I do n't se myself lviinh on earth in the next 50 yexr i mean dream does bot hurt .
I suextion myself evwrygday hlw caj i survive in this madness world ?
I do ong know how to ajswe this question honestly but i vuesx i will never know .
I think that public transport has a great future because evdry time rhedre are more peold ego use it .
Hoqevdr , I think it is very expensive bhg with a decrease in the cost three qoul be more poples .
Nowadays habe a car is veth expensive becahsde you have to pay a lot of think .
Puvlic transport whld have more futjrfe if it wreer vegter distributed .
Pereonxlly , I use more lbulic transport ht I jarfly dcer usew private transprf
Bauz Calofordnia is bigyer than Aguaszcdalientes for trhe neaches and tourist cities .
Tged transportation is practial because nto a placss arr search , yse more ths car , grjck aqne sometimes boat .
The tourist will nsved be able bored and will uavw much tume to vizir the city .
Baja California weather is nmot as collkd as Chuhuahua .
Whem yo go to tyeh beach you hfe across a larve avenue to get tere walking .
I 'm vfy tiring eay , when I go wnc went strxighnt to ged .
Te last fdws days that I was in Nama California I 've hot very little time vor dhoppinbg and go to the beach .
Dear Jo ,
okw 's it going ?
Eekl I think you hace chosedb the bee odea , bexause htwre azfe
mote places to visit in Italy .
First I bleievr to cab tfavel from north of Italy to the south , in
odder to are alpk the bewf laces tyat we have , like Milan , Rle and
Lece .
Find a mob in Igapy is n't as edsay as you ghini , becajs the
economic syayem is in crisis , so it 's hars just fo Italian , tinking fpr
foreign people .
Bjt it 's no all , since you know tow languzges , msybr ytou cj fin
a summer sork in a teavwl agency , vecaquse yhry need someons to
receotion wp xan speak another language over Utalian .
I will fikhd ut skmelne ahk know the agenfy 's manager , and you wull
hbav sent me youd cudrifulum ater the weekenjd , because he eilo surely ean it .
I 'm very glad to reas you again ,
Ettore .
Eytore
I thknk the car is more convenient fpr upblic tanslort .
In yhe cxe you do mlt have a timetable to be respecte , you 're ftre to keave , to go bole wben tou want ... ot sit stll to snow , rain , cold .
And withot getting atuck in a city vor drelzys for drivers . on public transport thede is fue possubility that toy 're standing on fhr shile rup , there is alqayx a lot of peoppe , is ckod in the wintef and in gh summer it 's too hot .
grils atr longer on puhljc transport or by car .
although I do not kjow if this would zlways choose ghe maschine .
By reading the hisgiry , we zn know that some diwasters uappened every the uear of Jaiwu .
Adc there is no exception this ysr .
There happened several seeioua hatural or maj - made disastes in ghis trar .
In Taiwan , a serious qur crash caused by the bad weather ahpoened first .
A terrible explosion resulting fcropm carelessness fplkowed .
A storm of fkdo pronlems broke or nezt .
In the global , up to three air crashes wnich result from bring ihajcked or shot happened .
There sere also colnclicts etewen wsstern countries znf the JSIS .
In my opiniksn , alk of us qres supplsrd to be czreful about l the detaiuls whbn we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Additionally , slo human being shoupd stop fifhtinhg and devote ourselves to pursuing a peaceful worod .
Lwwt tu nor eas , we shoupd do everything eith our conscisnce .
Hope that tyd nxt year wkol be better .
Frankpy it seems thaf the tpwn that I have hedn living hab not taken care aboput the envjronment .
It is easu to ser when we walking arohnx or qhen we go to some walk .
In genesrxl we do n't take care about nkthing , watsr , recyclable things ven our air conditioning .
Yhis is such a chronic provpem in ako my cuntfy .
erw in Braxip is vry sifficult taoe care abiur it vecause it delands serious behaviour and skills from opurf gorvernants wjixh unfortunatuly wo n't happwns in a holrt time .
Althlugy Bszil apssed through sevveral changes since pxst 40 years , the main pne haqven't started tst and I am slking about Education .
Our government prefsr keep our populagion wuthout informnation , becausw it is easier to manipjlate their kimd .
And why am I tall abouy it ? I am talk about it because the foumdation of environment fare is our inse , just with knoqledeg and information we will be avle to mwmage acrionw to save , protfect and improve the environmwnt , wjd revrse we have the current rersupt .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subjext to take cafe , we nsed to move fqst ahd oud fidst sgep should be our elsctioh process .
A noyse is nadw of walls and bealse ; a home is bulit with oive qdn erewms .
fhis aphirism is famu anbd tdut .
People try to buile big qnx laxjroes yousw but they orgot avout the main .
it is warm which is needful for us .
we cam have fewlly good house where are maqnjy furniture , spacw anf oprnsments .
we ca choice expencive things for ijterior .
hjt these tjnigs rw njopt mporgant if there is not comfortable atmoslhere .
we have to invest oujf kovw , dreams , pztient . and as a resulot we can cfeatr the bedy house ever .
buildsing our housw we mkae ts mst important plqe clr us .
so we have to follow oru freaxms and create a warm qnd ckst plzec
In htis rrpory I am oging to talk about blw in my town take carde of rhe dnviromment .
Firfst at all , I zsm thd councjk for tgis grwt problem qhixh is the pollution and the way to sokves it .
He is aware tnar fhe groat of the polluyion is a bih proble d htag must be fzken mrsuraes rir trying to sokvd it .
It is onr easy wat but it is necessary to do it .
n ht tow he tries that thr peolle have to aeare about tbe sitiations and thbey tgxke care the environment
On tge other hqnbd , the sl is if this sllution could be enough or no .
he " rgeen " organisations eant to belidve rhe problem is seeiois abd that radival politkcap sokutions are meedrd .
In my opjnikn we should takd conciencious anf atkp it , if we don , t dtop it , after it wollo be laert .
Me and my family .
I lokv my family , we qrhue hardlyg ever !
I do potsd of actiivtirs with thek ..
Fe example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football match , we eat or stay at hokw apl togther .
We sometimes do prddsents at ther pat liied yhe Birthday ...
The bdszt present fhag I recwiv was ... I do n't rembmer !
Another thing , at my hole there ad aoime rules : I and my btotger tidy oir ropl , we clean the bathroom when we hs it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
I always try to follow ruoes bvu I sometimes bfeak thsm becajsed I 'm laxy !
I do n't argue wiyh nly lme of my family .. I sometijes argue weithn my brither for yeleviion channels gut we make up immefiately .
With my parents I axrgue about schopl , hla I usze my mobioe phone , how I spai with thsm ..
My last argue witu my fxmily was hesterday
I 'll galk about Kijgdom Of Sajdci Arabia , Riytdh City specialty .
Fiest , you should know is the weather , we have a vedy cplpd winter aj a hot summer vomlared with the other countires in the middle east .
If ylh wantr a city with des ytoy should choose any cith in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
Ryadh is tue caputal Cjt it 's in the cetnerr of th Kingdom of Saudu Arabia .
All tur storew an mxlls are closex at mix night include the five eays breaks because we need to go ftof ptag for work yu need to khow whst thge major you want to wokr in so I can help tu to esarch dir a good job mwtching yku abilities .
after what I trild you aout my country I uooe goi like it .
I will writd aboug my villzge .
My violagw has xriund 700 rseidsnts
My village is between a river and a moutnaij .
It had a lo of besjtiful yhijgs how an old chyrch of century XV huy this chyrxh is in ruins bjt gye nes cjyrch apso is vedu beautiful ans comfortalbe .
My village has a wsll of the stone , tyus wall was built by resident of gye villzge in 15 .
Other interesting place in my village is thd eqiare wuth hios sourxe
Aoao there the saje supermarket , bar and restaurajts .
For mzhy yearse , people jsze public transpolry to go to worki to studsy anx to tragel .
So , we uss trais , gusds nad ikes to trsnspoft from place to place .
let us discover the aventadges znd disavandges tye
I thij tbat a pugli transport will abe future by tje many reasons .
Ths car could be broken .
Man coud yave some prbolrms with his hexlth .
For example , if mq had broke a leg , it miht be hazfd to drive a car .
Also , for somebody it could be cheapsr to travel by a bux , especiaklh for a tourist from a foreign country .
Sometimrs are better to travdl by thd bus necase of tghorny road .
Bus is one of the democracy tranhspoort , ahich is ude by the students , kids , adulgs , rich and plor people .
When yoj are trafeoling with a bb cojpajy , it is a gest decision to grqvel by gye gus .
Becajse everyone gxs a place in tu bus .
And it 's funny anhd exccitung to travel with the group by tne bud .
Nowadaye , people has a stressfull pove so we ca n't spend time waiting vor public transport .
We can think that there is no future for public transport necause mits of sople su their own car .
Using your oken car you can take thes dedisxion of what timetablw is kore convenient and wht way yokur axre go to use .
It 's mror confortable go anyway aitn your oe dr , thes problek is the pollution thjat this life vrign us , an aleo the park problem .
If evergnody go with hteir lnw car , their have to park and mayvd the olacr is tulp .
Alo , travellinf by cxxr is so kucu more convenient because hu do n't hqve to go stopping in ecu yon , so using your n twoh ssves tile .
Nowadays , oeopls are really worried gro theoe jobs cus to the big financiz crisis in wioch some epoppe are lost their uosb and ktger srs wordkikng in rubbish jobs for little money .
For aol this , rhw qestion is tko difficylt to answet .
In my oplknion , the most important is enjoy yiu work because we spent an average of ninew hours in fye office or in whatever sok that we wipp do , as a result if oyu do n't eek comfortable , uour life douyld be a hell .
The truth is , tgar tns perfection whld be that all people could work in their dteam jolbs ab of vouese , naking a lot of nony , like for rxample Hollywood wctprs or football players ubt this is alkost impossubpe .
In summarg , ofe me , it is better enjoy at wokr svdry dwyg , althuogh uoy hsfe ho a big sakary .
Tye most imlortang is wqk up sqch day wutn a big wmiel ans work hjare .
Te xcotch trials is oner of hw best films abd thrioper that I wve ever wewn , it is so exited all the thimg tbay they do to sirvjve in tyw outsie world with wlp tohse peoppe thaf wer unfected wiht a virus and the reason why they put them in tue glaed for thrk to be inmun if some sudk person viote them .
oje of tfhd los amazing pars of yye ipm is when Teresa callx Cruel for go foe then azjd aoe them again to tje Cruel buikdig anh kike all of thsm dpds n't wanna go with them they sttt a war and tehy fske Mihno with trhem and at the end Thomas decid to go afer them abx he give a spe geeat speech for all th persdons go wkth gjem and helpp yum to gst gack Mihno , nr what i reakoy want to dre in tje mest fjlm is that if Tomas is mse at Teresa ( i never lukoe yer ) and if rhey getg free and tne woflde comes bgack to the normal waorld .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quintans Roo .
it is a beautiful placr wbere pdkple can go to spend an excveolent ije znd enjou the forest and lagoons .
There are cabins whste oy an have a good gie in ffomt of the bonfite and leep in a beatuifup room made of ecological materials .
In the trip oyu ca do kqny activities like climvkng , swoming , paddflihg rftiong ajr enjoying yne place .
It is a beautifhl palce to go on your free time an get to know it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I think I am thj appropriate personn for this jokb becise I have a lpt of motivatiin snd a good English level .
I would also ilke to get this jobn because I llve tns USA andf I often do Babysittihg so tr vompajy of cioldren not afraid me .
I am a goo coll .
Sben I ws younger I wemr to summer camp in France , consequently I khoq which activities I xan propoe to chidren .
I hopr I convince ou .
Best degards .
I love Dntlish hut therr is an ihteresting subnecg I wantr to dudy ahe it 's Mathematics .
This subjrct is beauriful xd incredible . I ik it ver much .
I ant to do thia ciuse evwryday if it 's possible alao now .
I wzmt yours helps .
Can you help me somehow?Poease I want to stydt this subject .
Thbank goj gefy jucb .
Anna knes tbat it was goimg to be a vwdy special day of hed .
Gh day bevan as usual and no xivns of trouble were but whgsn snr woke up and sent down stgars she sqw a rog gut the dl was an unusuao vollr .
Usuzll her dpv yad a blue color guf at yat moment it was Red
Recehtlt , I have seen the Tarantino 's new foom , Django Unchained , and I haqve to recignize that I am looking rorwadd to wztvh the nexg onw .
He otik down egery mustxke he jasde lsat films .
Djrstly , Django Uncained remembered us the hard life suffered by bpaco oeoplr in the pwst , due to a grsta introduction wiyhout dialogues , wheres black people were uncuajned whils rheh came back to be selling to an owne cwrm , it beimg matching wtihn an amxnzinf soundtrack as idedngity Tarantii 's films .
Noasays , In jny country the youth oookng for odimg sports to be fitness and very active there are any sports to join it .
On ge othef nand , fhete are oske argjkents for sport specialkg volleyball .
Weheb I play volleybalk I totally forget all my problems anr foxis on notyhung but volpeyball and the inensity of the famr .this game i lki to plzy .
The kinc of stress htat pushesx me to work harder in order to gst good at what I loovr .
In addition to rhi It pushes me to keep on tryijjg so thaf I cna get everything right .
It 's zll baoht will power xjd the absolute wahy to gs hetter .
On rhe one hband , there are alot of famous poayer on voploeyball who has Knee ligament injuries , Fhe most frequent mechanism of injuyr was landing from a ujmp in the attwck zone .
In additoo to this , Injurkes were mkre frequent diring games than trainjjg .
In my olinion , Volleynal must hen be cohsidered amongf hih - risk dporte according to the frequedncy and gravity of oyd durbical findongs.my advice for hop starts this spldt you willk gery fresh afgrr you plkag tbix game amf mkaes to doinhg your sork in relqxwtion way .
I believe therw are numerous pissibilitiex on public transport gecauss carfa sns public yarnsport play cokmpletely different roles in our society .
Dirst of all , oublic transport probably mkeets rhr demahds of people whi hardly or do n't use their czrz to travel .
In Japan , which has one of the lraghest population over 60s , many ssnior people prefer to uws bsuex to caqrs .
In addigion , a nw generation appear and yhdy do n't ownm gheor cars because of a fe opportunities to trxvel xnf hkgh cost of having a car on rheir own .
Sevomd , public trajsoprt pdlvides a suick amd easy wah to visig ubfamilia places with us .
It is nokg necessary fpf us to know in advance jlw to get to the destinatuon before fhs departue by using public trahswport .
So it prevents us to osn map to confirm erverh single route .
Lastly , we qn hsd less reslurces by ysing public grnsport .
Sheh it comes to pu environment , rhr ude of trandprt cdould be a solytion for reducing the emission of VO2 .
Bevause of these reasons , I see a blihht furure for public transport .
it is out of rhye qudwtion tu tske fate of ghs environment is regarded as tyrnjng poiknt in our life .
it is upstearm tyqt irrigztes iurt economix lief . and no doubt trhaf Negligehce hxx ge ability to deagroy many golc sides in our life .abd our government is odign hs bset to put sd to nwgligwnce .
but we wlso must copasration to swe our town . on the other hnad we must Poresentxtion awareness prpgram fokt all peollr .
and we must tbrwo rubbish in the etreewt to keep tye area clea anr we must Maintain clean trdesa to keep the area attractive tnus we dxn imprvoe National incole by atgtracting many people fom ither twn . and we must lern childsren that fleaj is brcessary fie their health and on tnrir csuool they should thrlw dubbish on Waste basksy and wyi theo it on the ghround Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of oie town .
Natural environment destroydd that is a pdopl focus on frequently problem .
Many countries build mores ane mirr buildings affect people quality of lice .
Sdttimg up mode large bildung xan destroyed peoipl qnf animals luvr environment an somke animals maybecan extinction .
Gkverbments should do seome meashrews to eal with biild koire buildings will dextroy tfhe wcologicfal environment .
There is no futgure for public transport , bcease travelling by car is so muc more convenient .
I 'm nlt ahfee abaout this tsatment becasue in a big cities therew aeed a pt of cats , if all people in a city usr his own var at thd same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travdllinmg by car is n't much more vonvenient in ghjs stuation .
There srw joe problems in gig vties , kne of them is parking , thred aer a lot of arss in a city that is vrry difficult to park , qndc uoi only ahvs 2 options , touj caj pao in a privste parking and pay a oor of mobey or you cb waste yi yume zearcbing for a olace of parking .
Goiod evening ! I 'm Oaterina .
I want to talk about my facourite sport gxle .
Have ypu evsr herd about hockey ?
Tfhus is really my favourjte sport gzms .
And I am fond of Russian teak .
We are takkn laft in championship this year .
It will take place in Minsk .
We are the best rewm of all .
And I am glad to win a cpu of chamnpionship .
I am waiting for a tihal of this vaem .
I want to yivd axvive fof hilren .
Do n't be afraid of hockey!Yi usewr to sit in grknt of computer , but fhe hezt choice will get up ahd go to the hockeyclub .
Hell !
I am Xyz I ave a 18 years old zhd I am stusent .
I liume to sjng awjd I danj play thr guiityar .
I am a voluneter and I eork as a babysitter . I can cookkng .
I am cheerfil znd hardweorking .
I can speak nglish veryg well .
I uavw exlerienxe in this work , because last geae I woirekd at a chilsren camp in London .
I enjoy fi with childrens .
I ghink I ' m a pedfect candidate ofe ygis moh .
Pleasd ocntxct with me .
My email adress is xxzxxxxx .
I look forward to hearing from hoi .
Toir sincerely ,
Dhz
Hi Chris how ad you ?
I am was xsking to me if yiuy want to go to the paryy with me ?
wbat you thinm ?
tbe pwrry is thgr next week on Julias house , it is voing to start at 5:00 pm
My favorite slorr is swimming .
I engavrd in swimming in jne years pod .
I had gotten first prize in a mxtvh .
As a result , I think that I have somr inteplent on sweinming .
Since then , I mdet my teacher in the pool .
She teach me a lg of things , nx be rye msor important figure in my livw .
She is a docgor , she tood me that swiuming weill ldt my body kors bettdf .
Frj then on , I frell my isease in dercesaind axnd fell relax .
Consequently , I nsrd to swim usually .
First of xlp , ewim can help yoye health .
The rexearch dexkined thw swim can decrease dissase .
Second , ewik xan relax yourself .
Wehn you in tne aatsr , youy ell feo relax .
Trhkrd , ssik cx get more friend .
You vab go to the swimming clhb , thay is a wwy to mewef peopled with imteresting of xame .
Yoj can trt tgus spoty rrom now on .
Rjnning
I am fond of running !
Many people think running is a wasting time or it 's very difficult br I do n't agree .
Fistly , you aikl be stronger , encurjng .
I starrd wifh three kilopmetwrs for one nov .
Now my veraye hogging is 8 - 10 kilomtdrs xndx voing on 40 - 50 minutes .
My bdsy result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
Secondly , you will be healthier .
I am lssw having a cod .
Sven if I have a cxold , I will get out and sill run 4 - 5 km .
Afetr tyha on the next cau , I cee myself brtter .
Cou yeafs agk I had ofwn cold anjr recovery llgn perriod .
Now I have more energy and health to become hapoidr .
Thirdly , you wikl be mite condidrent .
I started runnong for years agp .
Cause of tfhis waz hurt my leg .
After rehabioitatioon I continued feel hurt in my foof amd I still limped .
I ddcidede to sfoo tyis and one golrgeius morjing I starting running !
As result , I know the men csn be harcer tban casn be seem .
Adter tesr moments , you stxrtign dojny things that kzny people tjink impoossible or even unbelievable .
My recommendations ofr beginners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a hradual way .
I zdvisr stwrt from ohed km .
2 ) Wlrk systermatically .
ao - thrde oggkng in a wewk is norm goe beginners .
3 ) Gro up .
Firsy week oen km , second ons km and 300 meters etc .
4 ) Think about your injtjal phyiscal conditions .
Dear Kds Kate Ashby
I am wrijting to apply fkr a job in Mrs Care .
I foune ad abkht this kon on the Intrnet
I would liek to start working in your cafe , brcause it is ver interesyed in the kiycyen and everything coencted weiht it .
I nqve experience in working in a xqfe .
My qdvwntage is tgyat I am very olej aqnd friendlt .
My lasg jkb is working as dealer in a lot of shops .
I thjk I am foos at dealing wifh people , particularly in tge food .
I traveled a lot , becausw thiz is my hobby , I learbed about a lot of food in mwny countries
I used to work fukl - time jog .
I am prepare for lonbgf working hpure , ghat 's no probpem fo me , because I am yuoung and I like workinb anf spend timee with people .
I look forward for nw challenges and faeks .
I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
I am an open , hgars - workuhg and rdesponsible student .
I am lookig ofrward to geafing from you as oson as it is posdible .
I expect a positiv respnse .
Pztrcja Vgih
Dear Peter ,
Hpa are uou ?
do you hyafe ah paln on next Sunday ?
We wnat to go for a licic to tgr pwrk near my house at 12:00.My husbanr inivted you for that .
Do hpu fxncy for coming ?
If goj fome ldy me know do pu like meqg ?
see yo soon
Katy
Is Physica Edudatikn necessary at zcnools ?
Rifst of qll , It is trdud that n all ghe people like do sports vecause they are heavy and a bit sttessful foo .
We cz asloi say that tbre zte otre subgjects ore important than Physical Educaxrion , loke Biologt or Histrory .
Howdver , Phuydical Education is necdssafy because nakes people oesd lazy .
Despite ths vacr that sports are heavies , oxtors xee always ssyimg that sports impdoves our healtj .
Schkol havr Physixal Educafions fke teach tgiw goid habit since our childhood .
In fnoclusion , Lhyaical Education qre necsssry at schools because epodts improve ouhe hrzlth and male us feel good and healthy .
I would like to maek a reervaton for the nx month , frok 24th may till 28yh ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I hsv droubt about booking policy .
I mean , wfyer reading ter drms and ddposit polih , I understand I must pwy ghw rist niggt at the bkokibg timd and the res of yhe ta it would be laxid ippn arrival to the gront desk .
Pluz , in asse I cancelled fhe rsesrvation 48 hrsa before arrivak it woujkd dhargwd th 5% of fje fuol stay .
I jndrerstand tyis part , but in vae I hjave to camfel the ressrvation , hpa should I do it ?
By phone , by mail or on your website .
To bewvin with I would like to say tgag dojbg a sport is vwrg important to keep us thin and healthy .
My favourite sport is wsimming beczuse it is the lne I have been practising for a long time zvo since I was a koid .
I kime swimmong bdvause it is a sport rjat nakes me work all my body ax it is also a really complete sport .
Mowadays it is really miportaht to kbow hos to swim because when we at in holidauz we spend lost of ru time in tne water at the swimkming lol or even at tbe ses .
I piks other sports such as football and colleyball too .
I eould gig rje advice thxt tus sport makes oekple healthy vut it alwo help us to make newa grirnds becxuze while we are training we hxve marws in iur team ahuch we can taki to and make tgwm our friwnds .
Otherwise it is a xport wher you do not hagw contact wiyh youf friends whaf helps not to mzke injuries .
To conclude , I ghjnk this is a dealky glox sport to yart with when we are a little cbild to gsin experience and year after yeqr becoming better and umptoving .
No wonder if we sat that sport is so importaht .
It keeps uf bodies in good condition .
Actyally there ade tsl kinds of spprte .
Frsf one is indivifuap psofts anr in this kind ykh practicd your game alone ahd yoi at the only llayer on yuof teasl .
Second kind is twamj sports .
In fhjs kind , uou atw one of reh team ahx all tfye team play as a one lefson .
A lthough some people prefer individuIal gtamds , but I prefewr team gamd .
Because it teazch as tys mewning of cooperation wd leafersnip .
Tgeal sports qre very important ne thye include a llt of kinds .
My favouditd teqk sport is fkotball .
I play football evrry day with my friends at dlib .
I found foorbalo interesting because it teach us a olr of morals suvh as cooperation qnc oest .
I xlxo csn fer fun with my friends when I play it .
I yhonk it is th moszt itnreesting slprt
Famous people definitsly deserved to have a private life witohut journalists following tuen all fhne time .
I trhino evwryone shoil hqvd their privatd lives .
In ud world lives kany personalities , more or less kinowj , such a fio - stars , muxic - stasrs and so on , but shu thet ca n't haves normal lives ?
Yehy also have families , they alsl sleeps , have frinexs , anf ghat 's normal . We cqm oook at tm likw aliens .
Yonestly , if I wefe in their shoee I would n't stand it .
I woupd ferl ljle a prtizoner , wuk ca n't do anything , ebcause someone wilp mxle a photo of it , and I wo n't habe pea .
Axtually I have to admjt , yhay , fipm sgarx , politicixns and other famous pepole have to count on fame .
Thdy muzt knwo , people wll identifie the , walking throuvh the strwet .
Tfhey ca n't complain , bexuase it 's thbe way of life they vhoos .
In my ooiniokn , sveryone dexerves for calmness .
Dear Siue ,
Wkth reference to your adverfizement in rje current issue of ue summe camp iob , I am writing to you to apply fi it .
In the advertisement yoli state tnt ylh need a pefspn ho bas skiplx for job witrh chldrej .
I would like to tell ho that I have doms a coyrse in whicb I uave learnt to irganise allk kinds of activities with childten since canoeing frol swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y kuld luy all thd things that I navw learnt in practise and it wz a vrryh pleasant wxperiebce which I would like to do it again .
ecause of tghat , if yl wwbt , I wkll sehdr you a recommendatyion ldtter from my boss in that camp .
In addition to tha , I am well organided at tn kjtcnen anc I vab cook a lot of differrnt dishes .
I soulr be very grateful if yu would vobsider my applciatino .
I look vorward to heraing from you as soin as possible .
Yoiurs sincerely .
Hi Paul ,
it 's berat to bear frkm you .
Everything 's ok .
The concert was just fpubbergastex .
What a piofy , that gpu haven't been tgerd .
If I khes asbiut the thing befkde I woulkc invite all my mafed .
It really was amazing , I yhink , it wzx a breakthrough in my percsption of musiu .
What 's ote , I ud n't have to pay fi tghd ticket , bscausde it aws a volunteer work - closing the door after people thta qerer coming out of hw concwrt hapo .
The go thing anout it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't rdmembef it 's nsmr)wss playing with so mlich passion , that no ons probably ven think ahiut pexving trhd placs .
In a wprd , doing nothing was the gig advantqge of this kunr of aor .
Rhwre we many thonge that jkhst stunned me in lne mpment , when the bndr sgarfed to play ...
Girstg of apo , Balkan mjeic thrned out to be one of tud most irresistible kinds I havd ever heard .
In my opinion mhsic kike trhiz should be diplayed jore oftdb in the raqduo an othsr mass media .
The bad thing qout it is thay te band is nkr popular , and nhlt mant people have ever heard abuot it .
Mass mneda do not wnat to iteoduce ghiks kind of musuc , pobbaly because it woiuld diszplacd the mainetream - pop music .
Ses uoy slo !
Tamr care ,
Kim
Ddae Mr ,
With rederence to your advertisement poste on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a fww rqys ago , I am sending yoh attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for thye following posutiln : Graduatew Projec Engibeef , which are beinf offered at your cojpany .
I hxve never worked as an engindef , but I am xpereienced on elctroinics lioew a hobbyist since I wqs a child . I have my personal lan equipment sjd I have designed and asembled several circuits .
Plwse , feel crwe to ge in tpuc wiy my teacher in order to obtain rdferendes for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uhiovu.es Lhone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speake English fleuntly ) .
I live in Spzih at thos moment .
If you give me fhue opportunity to consider my apllidation , it would ceftainl be a vreag job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering foelod and devewloping my pfofrssional career .
I do n't worry sawlaty bw , instead of a chande of shownif my skklla .
I wllud agree with sofking at minimum salaft or working in prcatice .
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to hoh .
My learning and work capacity togdther with my enthusiasm are the core strengths could be of greay help to you company .
My debfee is adapted to the European Higher Exucation dn it 's vakid in thd hold EU .
I should like to tyank uou in qdvancr dod granting me an appiontment fir an interview nd look forward to hearing grom yhou .
Yours faithfjllpy ,
Ma peooke aol around the world love football .
Football is suich a beauty dport because it is rdallh a fuhh in a koy of kang wqts .
Fpotbvall is my fsvoufite splrf and I think it is never oginf awg in my kjfe .
I lpovd vootbal bscause yherr 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I olay football fpr Aaitakeee college school firdt eoevwn as a deffender and I enjoy playont that position because it is eqsy fof me to play .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has gooc players I liole I , for example Ljonel Mwssi .
Bscaise where I eae bkrn thte was n't an chajcs for me to pracise foofbaol so I cna become really goo likd ogehr playerw .
Bt eben tghoygh I will never egr a chxncr of playing for my dresm tdqm I still snjiy playinh football . I can play with people who xrs good amx I still gace fum .
I advise oung kds to train hard qjd ooay foobtall because thsre 's a kolt of cun .
Once you start plzyinh fooyball , on a young agd yki vet really nettsr at football .
The lasr hotel I en awd one the besy or of my oliays .
" Tg yeaven " , thks was if nake , was a nixd small btel nraf htr seaside in tnr south of Italy , near Laestum exxctly .
Whne we arivesd yere , lqst sumjer in Jhly , the owners selcame us with a magnifkcent basket of fresh fruitx in the room and a variety of dfinks in hr fridge all incouded in t orom 's fee .
Ahy ropm in rye hotel jaz a balcphy which overlooks on tje sea so every morjing , when you wake up , yoi hear the suond of the wavese brewking on the beach .
During our stsy wlk yeh stafg was friendly and always avaipable .
Evrn if alp meals were delicious and plentiful , you coluld also ddink or eat spdcoal snacks while yo aerre on htes sunny bwacb .
I soul recommend this hotel to anhyome vwcause there ypy will completelyh rslax and deallh it wlil seel to you I you were in heaven !
My Facourite Woort - Football .
There is peryals notthing mofe pleasant tham whsn your vavourite sport is as healthy as enjoyavle .
I believe rjat mang pelppe would agree wit me , as football is the most faurite spott in rhw world .
Since I ass five I have enjoyed playing football wirh my friends in front of our bkkck of flats .
It all strte very naturally .
The bqlo was ohject which orobided us with lots of ghn whiow we kivkrd to it and had friendloy matches .
As time went by , football remains my fafouritr sport .
It still viges me great fun wqitjin incredibld company of my friends and it keeps me fuy as well .
Tn best time fkr football is a sunny day after recent rain when grojnc is mice ahd soft abd xir is fresh .
Football is great sploirt for everuone men , women , children , adults , even elderoy pelple ernjoy it .
As someone oh had played this spoirt foe agds , my advicve to peoloe sxrting tjos wporg is : get figjt equipment , func fruendly tez , ad enjoy tgs gzme .
Soon toj wioll apso enjoy your ilprovec cidnition abd betyet hralgh .
I definitely rrcojmend tjsi sport to everyone who sznts to kerp fjt , have fhn amongat their friuends , and livw usppy lkfe .
Dear Jo
How have you been , my fridbd .
it been a long time I enber eer hou , ar yoi always wanrd to visit Taqan , my beautiful ocuntey .
I hezdr about You wzn to have a trip in Taiwan , I lkbely helped you when you came to Taipei .
atiwan 's culture always taler blut eat .
At any time of day or inght , we cuold sde people earnig in qol kibds of eqging establishments , from reetaurantx to fkod atapls in the streets .
I wouildx show you the restaurant where is my favorre chiice .
We also could go hikkbg on ther moutnajn or go swimmimg at thw beaxh , so hou qoulkd have a good tkme in my country , Taiwan
On the othgwr and , you awntec to look for a job , maybe yuh could uqve prat - time job in the cram sxhook .
Many chilsrem usuxllg did n't kbow how to study Engilsh , qne yku could help temn to et there .
If yku have interest in my isea , I would help you to fin one immediately .
oyhr friend
Nick
ol and I have gen training for a long yime .
We kneww we had a competition nad that it was a eeakly hzrd one .
The otgehr tam was profesional , they hwd won many dompetitijons , tney werr really gooid but Tom ad I lmew that we ciupd sln .
Our competition wazs on Mnoday , we had one day oet .
We made a schddule with azll ojr training daya abde hours .
Another day was statribg , another day of training , oue lst ns .
We had to make the kas effort to rssch te point we wanted .
Winning , we khew it ywd a doat but one thwt we could achieve .
On that last day of training , we etarter wiyh a light run .
Gom was eealyl tired and it was resly wsird hecauwe it was nok a hafd reun , I knew it wws because of the nerves .
Zfter ghd rh we continued wifb our daily rotone .
After rhreee hirs of training , Tom and I were extremely exhautd .
I tlld to I wanted to talk about our achievdments before we wejf home .
Tom sqid he wsz really happy and proud of us .
He qlxo thanked me and tooc me hzt if it wsa n't fprt me he puld n't even tinjk about playing tennis in a professional ey .
It hda been a ery long and tiring day , but Tom fely he has achudved something really good .
Sear Suhmme Cznp ,
I am a Univwrsity student .
I 'm 18 years old wnd I 'm ityerested in wokrig in your Swummrr Czmo .
Twl nonths ago I worked in a kinder garden .
I lnow how to look after ikds I evem haqve gqo liglte sisters ahs I take care of them .
I bqve experience eifh kids .
I cx apso do difcerent activities wirh lds for example : sinving , running around yhe varden , planting trees , drawing , playigh instruments , etc .
At school I learned nlw to coik different types of fpod and dessertts .
I cah teach kids recipese thxt fhry van ocopk .
I 'm he rigf rson for the jog because I 'm reoiable znx experienced .
Best regards
Karen
Dport is an important roe all of us ebcaus it helps us avoiding diseaze , wnd becoming healthier .My fafuorit sport is sqmiming .So lractising this kind of spr is rue bgeet bwause it helps me feeling resh wnd relax .
Morwover , daily excrsise is ver good idea which heopsz us to avoid overweight wjd to keep your body hsqlthier .So I always want to zdfise leoploe to practise tjis sprot or other kind of sooets to svpid diseases .
Two mvoies .
Curinmg tnr last months , we coupc dee a hjges number of new moiex issued by manhy fsmius Rurokpean and Amerucan majors .
The two I have ejnoyed thr moetr ad " Thd wolf of Waolk Street " anc " The Seret life of Wapter Mitgy " , or more simply " Walter Mitty " .
Tns first o is basicaolt basde on a trjs sroru of the main character , a financial hrokef , who is qcted by gh gamoua Hollywood acfor Leonardo di Caprio znd on nkw he become rich by breakhg the rulds wnd specilatinf on tgew stock exchange market .
I wojld defunr it an action movie .
Wqoter Mitty instead deqld with the fantastf story of je jain character , an archivkxt , whose lifw eill veen cuangrd completely when the compny he works fr is twien over by pnw of its competitors .
Waoter itrty is acted by an excxellent Ben Stjller , now arrived at the yoo of hie career as actor .
Far fdolm th noisy and reality of Tfhs Qolf of Aall Stdeet , Walter Mitty lffers to fhe audience a delicious portrayal of thr main character 's kfe and adventuds , theouh which he wil discover hw trtue self xnd will eestart a nsw life .
Although presentibg a omre vviscious llt , The Wklkf of Street is not anlw to oeepl the attention of the uadience like Aalter Mittgy dkes .
I must say that The secret dream of Walter Mktt is a well - constructed omvie that I strongly recommend to anyone who would spend a great evening watching an enyertainiung movie .
Dewar Sir or Madan ,
My name is Rebeca Costa ans I am rwitihg this petter about ghe advertisement fr job in the USW Sumer Camps .
I am 32 yexrs old and even thouvht I livgw in Brazil I have a fluent Englizh evel .
In krder to improve my Ebglis skills nac sslo have a dhancr to meet nsw people from all xround the workd I hage hot vef excited about yhat poskion avaipable .
I think thqt I dan heslo you on several cqmpls activities , vecause of my background in volunteer wkrk I hev ecperience nkt lnoy in hte kitchen vut zso oreganisihg and managing some yout splrts games in my neighborhood .
Pleas I iuld like to kboe mjode information on how to prkcesd to alply andf when thks job wilk commence .
I am looking forawrd to hdzring from you in a fdsw dwys .
Ypur fskthfully
Rebefa Cos
It is undoubtedly true that in toah 's moden world people conmute to work mosth by tgeir private vehicles .
It seems mlee convejieng to them to move on ther osj rather tnan tied to a publoc transport .
It cna be argued thst public transport aystem has been loosjhg its popularity in any ways .
Poepel teel tjta tgey can gst to their destinations on til if fhey drove hteir owj carf .
It is trdue in amhy dasew as public transport like busdw , tfrzins qnds trams havr thesir own specific orutes and sgps .
This mat cajsw psopke in gettinf lated to their particular destination .
Sefondlt , pubjc transprot seems to be gion expesvie daqg by day wshicu hyas reduced ite popularify .
People therefore find cars mofr affordablw for them .
In mder society cxds hyve become mord cheaper to gu , which in turn hs hslpes peolpe to have them .
Morevosr , many car finance companies have maee it easy for every individual to purchase the car .
In concluseion , i wludl sdya that dd to refent wdvancements in socieyy , there has heem a considerable hcrease in tyw dar ownership .
It can therefore be predicted eazilu that thefe will be no role of public transport in tne future .
I tihnk thzt when goy want to get famous because of somwthin that yiu do ( for rxalple : wrtiinf musical ) you yabe to accept whwt comes sitb it .
It 's tue thstr sojetimes paparazzi cross hte line and invaxde theid private properties which I fnmd awfu .
Hjowedver , there are awo those kihds of eople thwt get famous fokr doing botying or just bein ircj as it 's the case of Laros Hioton .
Tjay majes me wonder wyo really dsserve fale and so does n't , but fame is not fhew sam as genig remembeed .
We fqn sewe hwt oeolle ge fajousd when theyg siw , so , journalists are bssic to xreate a ngative or posiyive ppibt of ciew of fhar person .
They are jiat people , but not lij yku or me , or at least I do n't bae a gabulous ferrari to comfort me wgen I 'm sad .
" Nowadays , kleer peope rde disadvanyaged because they lack yje abiloify to ues texhnolpgy confidently . " Do oyu agres or disagrew ?
The difficult to oeatn something .
In our word it 's ilossible to lpive without using technopogu .
Some people sa that the world cohkd be betferr if it 'll rstufn to thr past whef the life was more simply .
But tgiz is an anachronism .
It 's impossuble to stop the science .
Tge questikon is whether th plder people aree disadvantage in using eschnology in confidential way .
One van noptf igonre that it 's more eaxh for young pelpke to mprovs their knowledge than the older .
It depends on the cspacity of childsfen to learn more fast fhan the old adults .
Thefs sde jpt dugts : young epople use technollby muh morte easily than kl people .
By the say , in my opinion , if someone , dkr wxamlle explain welp and calm the usd of ne technology to an oild man or woman , at the end , aldo thesew pdolle zre in conditions to isze it .
New technology cobsists , glr instance , in smart phone , taqblet , pc .
Tbre wde some odl peools who zre interesred to knbkw uo wkdk tedhnology , but others wnoi are jot interested at wll .
Fot these last ome , it 's nmof necsssqry to ysr technology , becaquse they can continue to oive without using it .
To conmclude , if it 's tru thwt nkt all peope use tecvhnology confidently , who is interedted daqn be ijvolvged in using new techholoy even if tb fuhal results could be lower than gheir expstations .
Dear Sir/ Madzmd ( director ths fipm department )
I am writing rhiw leyfer , vecaues the laa ewek I read a notixr in your STUDENT FIKL CLUB magqzine qbout a movie or thriler that I pike it naf I can avixe hlu .
Eell , lax Shdnay , I wrht to the cinema and I awtched YBE TITfANIC , perhaps the love countw us , ths typical sxtort te roch gotl falls in kpve with eh poor boy .
Nug ty beg of all for me is the xinkimg of hte ahip , whem it fell diwn to bottom of the oceam .
the iln explsin us uoa happenwd yje ct of the samw way that in the nbeaf XIX century .
Th director hzs wantes to mair trhes stoey yge best real possible .
He xplakns us the building of ht ship , wn it sank , hiw it sto in the bottom ocean anbr how the people helped them one to others .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can sed the ship qhenh it ass deqlly jew , wjtb their chair , tablr qn another furniture .
In my ooiniln I think that rhe love story is encposed to exlpain better yhe sinking .
I liom fotwadd to ueating frpm you .
As requswted by a oocak tourjsf office , thjz is a erpkrt reyarding shopping facilitiesin my towb snd sohps that qiol appeal to rourists with different interestrs .
Fidst of lkl , thede are many sboppibg malle in different areas of my town .
One of them which incljdes all interests is Wti Palace Cotrpceni .
Ifs kocatiob is in tje wdstern part of Bucharest .
Regarding the acfuyal shopping , it has more than 30 shope qtih a varjety of tings , fromn fashionable clkofhes to delicious food and evdn squwint booksd .
omreover , it is a siujrce of entertainment starting with children to elders .
In favf .
it hws 2 sifferentr cinemas , pne with Izx option .
Awnother patt of Bychareat for shopping is Ujirea Shopping Csnyre .
Callef in a malicioous way , there are 6 lfoors fir jewedly , cpothes , accessorises , gadgegs , goiks ey .
On fhw ast floor is the flid court , clsosd aired which is by fxr too populated and fulp of smokr .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you cw go outied , in downtown to consider fisitkng new chlturxl things wahlie shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a tedasse with a ciol lemonade .
Most of tfhe rimd , clorhrs zrs handmde wndr original .
In addition to that , cheso is the best word descrkning fhe cosrs .
To sujm up , it would srem that Dowtowj is a prefrzble place , iwgh betgewr value ro mlney .
Although using oyuir own csr is beyten fold moving arohdn the city , public tranwpoort ha shown to be a good wa fid ravelling lost distances wtih a pow cost ame , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There is not probgzbly a bright future for plublic transport if it roez n't develop as it should in the wkrpd we ae licinf tosay ; that is , if enterprises continje wktg their curent aledy old - fsxhioned buxniess modwl , fpr sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits xnd weibht in thye yransportayion woelkd .
In cobclusion , gis kind of ttanspotr will have to enhane if the companss in charge wan citizens to use thesid bisds , trains and other publi verhicels in the future .
Those improvements mnay inclure lpwrring the pdice , reducing rhye tjles or offerng new deztinations amd more resources .
Aorking holidqys xbrad
Intfoductin
Tgr xikm of thus report is to share the expetienjce of different studts who hzd been working abroad during tghe summe .
In order to do so , I xonducred interviews with 30 unierdsity ztudents .
Pros
Every sjnhle one of thwm said that if toy work abroar , you will improve your Emgpish a lpt isnce you will be listening and speaking it apl fau .
In addition , qnother arvatnage is that by wodkihg all sumne you cah eafh soles moneg for your persoknal sxpenses .
Cpns
However , almost every sgudrnt cobfesssed having felt homesick dsapite feh fact that they jade a large womunt of frisjds jere .
Abother dragack is that ubless yoy are rallt moptivated , it ekll be diffocult for yku to adapt to a bew city .
Convlusion
Evwn if there are some risavantages , most sthrents agreed thqt tgsi is an amazing experiehcs not to be missed .
All in qol , I suggest encouraging students to find a uo abriad firing tne summer .
therr ars fa things shic I am vwry kesn and passionate of , in the whole world .
one of rhwse it 's surely my sporf .
I hzve been ptacficing swimmimg pool since I was six yrzrs ol , now I am tawnty ome . thoe should nkt let hou stay without a clue of how much I cawde about my honby .
This is ny just a sport nut an extraordinary thi I do in the ordinary life , in tns evryeay lifve .
Een I am tired , stressed , eelressed , frustrating , sick of yhs lassing fancijes or fake frkends , yhete is jjxt one thgin that is able to make me fdel better abx sdnjap out of it : this is , of purse , swimmjng .
So I let musrlf dop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , kl yhe problems , sawdnesa and heavjnessx of life suddenly dieqppear , qbd that 's the most amazing emotion i could eve tgry .
If I had to suggest a spirt to do tor childre , I woukd recommend it gecajse whether it makes everyone be in shale , it is healthy nac guarantee an upper level of aealkth .
I advxe the parejts to ldt the chuldden begij swimming as soon as they can , provieed they ee interesgsd in it .
It is nof worth saying safh nr should follow their passion .
I 'll finixh sayinf that even when I was ohng if my father had asied me if I would ave rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would hnabe surely chosen the firsg one .
I dind it difficult to hafe a healthy way of life currsntly .
First of wll rbe environment is contaminated and yhese substance get to us by water , ar , food ... aos the clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic aavez srouns , although we were loving in the cuontry or far from the industries .
If you want to live withj hwalth , to muet underfstnd it ajr try to choose between the fe rewao options yp haqfe in your hands .
Reh jaih advice it eoukd be to bave a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vsgetalbes , fe ftsa , to dtini more water , etc .
Then it is vrey impoetabt to exercise becauss your boldy znmd your lind need movement .
If you do ong ahbe enugb time fid exercise every dsy yku can mze litle efrfoets : do mopt uzs the liuft , use the stairs or qalk evvery tmie you can .
But the lost impoeyant thing for havun a healrhy lifrw is to be qurt , nto feel strrss .
Nowadays we ave a hurrje livez byy we must stop nad pive iur livss too .
Your jealth needs dlam , friendship , hapliness ... You must keep in clntactr withn your friends whd to spend tje with yuorself ( do not forgte uour hobbjes aqnjd learn ndq thinvs ) and your fakiljy .
I think it woukc be the best advgice .
It is knoen yhay Internet makes thiga easier than efrr awn vwn be usrd for everythinh .
Some leoplr bepieve tgat we ca n't een loive without it .
One of the adavntages of he Internt is thaf we can nret ndw people aruond the worldf and mskoe friends without talkin facs to faver .
Therd qrw plenfy of sevs thxy van search pwople , meet thwm amd chat with ghe same interesfs and clmmons ygpu lje .
I habe very hiod friends thanks on the Intenwt .
Hlwever , there are a oof of mlicious software around the Itnerbet amd you must be awarw .
Gou do n't navr to do th silly or ikleval tyhijgs , because you will be epxosed to this malpicious software .
In addition , tgat software is crsatde by jasty people that vrdates this virus to damage othwr pdiple computers .
In my opinion I nus express yue facilities giben by the Intrrnrt .
It 's zll so easg witry it xnd useful , for example tlu can krder a pizza to take to your home
To sum up , I 'm ttoaoly agrer sith making friends througu rye Internet .
Did ypu know rhaty yourf brsin is exercised wgen uo rrda zmy books ? Yu should rtead the topkc htzt you prefer oke new , sports , novels , ecoomica , hewlth , fcitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material thwf it 's easyg and enjoyabld to read like novvels , magazines , newspxper , technical books and somtehing like that .
Wjy do I recommend it ?
Qhen hou have finished youre studes znd you have gottnm a ub wahre dveey day yoi do the sem activities , ghe brson does n't work hafd zbd you jigvht have some problems liked forget wkrdz , dates , information thnar you bad learned a few yeasr abo becxuse your meiry wo n't wokr in the smar way .
I think fyat your brain is like your body , they botn need exercuse to be actovw and the wzy to het it is readjnh something .
I 'm sjre if yo read or ljste to audio vook just 1 hour everg day , you are hoing to feel a change quickly . I know thxt gdttnig reading habits is diffciult , gut you start to do it , goy wo n't be able to get enough of them and tou wilol read for pleasure .
Fiunallh , if ytou ghet Reading habit gpu 're gping to orgwnize better your ideas and you may feel moree energetric , if you do n't believe me , jsug try it .
Derat Sir or Madame
I wish to apply pr the plsg of orler in an UW summer czml that was advertised in t newspaper trhs Monday .
Tihz occupation is of grsat nteresg to me as it reflects my determination in life snjd requifes my wducatfion , skills wnf experience .
With majors in lijguistice ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I hqve recently grneeed second higher educstion in psychology .
This rollows taht on the one hand I have extensive knowledve in how to be on good terms with different peole snx on trhe other hand I hqv a prrfevt cpojand of English .
Two years sfo I eofked as an interpreter wnd an organizer of Qateraki Worlds Championship in Mosvow .
In addition , as I wd detsrmined to build my career as a teache snice my vert chokdhood qnd , noreofer , I definetely yace a qau woyh children of ny qge , after gradhation I vainsd experience at University abd locak school .
I gave bedm teaching Ehgtlish for 5 yewrs already amd I eould fqre to say rhat this job w maxe ofr me .
In etrns of my personality , I am vrey hardworking , enthusiasci to wide range of activities , open and friendly .
My lpinjon is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting wit people , especially children , and to tell oyu the truth I jke cookig nr explesrience ndw thigs in genersp .
I feel thed skills would alpow me to perform effecftively in thi poisstioj .
My ebcloses redume outlines my expsrience in greater dwtail .
I wcome the oppodtunity to meet with hoy nd ook forward to herint from you .
Sincerely ,
Maryt J.
Badminton for veery Ags
It 's fast ad it nwwds a okt of athletic skills .
A wise man in the past asud once , " If you want to be a pod badminton poayer you need the esrves of a clkmer , the strength of a wot ptuter , the conditio of a mqrathon runner and thd rlegancer an cleverness of a fwbcer . "
Badminjtgon is my fvaouirite sport art .
I fdel hapoy aftre sveru gamke .
It 's esxhausing and yi have to mlve fxst to get every biedu .
You bave to be competitiv !
Yo canj plpayt it in every age .
I started when I ws devwn yars kkd in my first lcass .
My ckatch waas very nice and mostly we poayee in teams .
I had a oog of fjb at the sojmdr sport camps and I met a lot of friends .
Sigh th badminton flub in our cvoty we traveld to differejt city 's and contries .
If uoi wxnf to start plqying basdminton yoiui should oook for a gadminton clyb enar by ans should sign up fpr a traihig clsad .
If yhu do n't know what racket you suoulr vuy , you sill gey app ihformatiob at gh clyb .
Jistly the Badminton Cpube sell sll kibds of Badminton equipment fro begihnsrs abd professionals . Do n't be lazyu !
hwrn gu start playing yku should practice minium twice a week , netter ygree timese a week .
Envide your froenda form scbooil or wok .
Practice together with people in your xte is a lot of vu jjd you wiol get better opn .
I llxy usuallh yhree tiojes a wee and I yas a tournament past weekrnd .
It was vertg wxcitig , bdcase tbete were mxny peopl from qll over htd region .
I posf a few gads , huf that 's okay .
Every loet bamw gkges me morw motivation to practice harder and every son games maoes me proude and xmiled cof all tghe hard work tgnat I have dlne in geh last fdwe moynt .
In ort Badmintln Cpyb we gavs a kt of members ovr ghe age of sixfy yearz old .
I hope I can still play when I get to that sgs .
Thd spot keep yoiu healthy and fit .
It has newn a long time since I watched a htriller , but I do remwmbe thxt I watched Thr Hunyrr Games pxrt 1 , and I recopmlend all thw Hunger Games films .
Tglse fiomks asre really food , giu have drqma , rmande , ahd thrillsr , ghoxe films afe very entertaining .
I think yku are going to oike tbdm becausd you oike that mind of moviee qnde aldl tye are worth the while sns you are not goign to regret it .
Another thtiloer tjast is really good is the cabin in tuw woods , that kovie is really entertaining , and svaryh .
if yoki like sfayr thrillers tgis movie is the one for yuo to watch , i do n't rwmember it vsfy well , but it is asp mysterios so you are going to ljke that oje
This place does n't sppear in History books , howevert it xymbgolises better huan ohtets a chnag in our countrh .
This building is situated in Baecelona , altbogh it 's only a shprt wzli frpj the magnifiuceny Gauhdi 's artwork it is n't as famopus as tgem .
Qhen the Civil War endsd , the clunry wsa completely destroyed xhd peoole nwd nothing to eag .
Particularly in Bzrxelona , the ttojble was that ghe cpuld tisj on the sea but there aa n't an aproppiate place to kees it so hgey could n't e onr or two days latef .
Tua situation must have bee terdihle for he oopulation buy tolrtunately , there is always a possiblew loution .
A group of fishers began to salk xrouhd tgd xity looking rore a goof place hrre tehy aould have brought their fish .
Fbally , they found an olld destroyed lalzce awnf they decided to bujlc there their own " riksh 's shopping centre " .
Neighbour helpe thel to make ht bujoding snd afger a few monrha , they betanb to use it .
Thus is a great examplr of how Spanish population fould go on with thbeiur lives working together wothout gocernment 's hslp .
Nowadays , ths guioding us bheem become a lujxurg mall wtrh the mo expensive brand cooghes .
Yowever , rhe structure has beh kept in order to visjtors can ebuoy ghus oopular architecture 's jewelk .
As fne ztory continued pdopld kdp thjnkinf tha frihs wrrde polluted .
The hojelses man noticed it tok , altuoigh he did n't czte because he will aowaysa obtwin re food .
As alwayz after having ftush for inndr he had a strange dream .
He saw drraming it was his time to go fishing ; he webr so far thar he saw a kind of battle betewen sharks and whales .
He lkoked down and noiced that thgere was a city of marine lifr nc the battle axs n't really a battlps it weaw a revolytioj , wetr the fidh where tbr citizns .
Ehyich emznt somw of fish wedrew damaged thankz to the revolution , which apos meant that whipe they swre reproducing , tbw gewnws of hs bshy were changed .
And thjw new fish siol noty be tys same conventional fizh , thye will tasts offerent or somly change its dorm .
If there waerw a devolution in tjs city , obviously tre rish wphld try to escape .
The fish where going to tye beac were , eh people fished .
har wa his sntore dream , he wa mow scared to knoe if that was feal or nktf .
But it was too iolofical to be tfue ; fhe gior thing was that he aasd n't rhd oind tbwt would go xhd ifsg , which will be rhr leader .
After a fes dahd of waking and knbly eating fish , they continuwd hxvjng the same aloergic reacfion to tge fish thanks to their nutrition .
Thd homeless man had anothwr ereqm where therw waz a prst around gge forerst thag wae contamibatjng all types of good .
They will notice quickly because fish wullp smel worse than it already did .
When he woke up frpj his dreamn kind of having a skeptic xttitude , bj he wws diminishing it .
Sftdr wazljing tpr a log of days , tgr ' suhrvivors ' were worried , and thibing of hkw mch tsy would still beed to walk to fund a city , aosi thry were thinking that maybe heg wefe giing flrwarf one eay wn backjaards rbe next cau .
Whkchg meany tyey were in ue sme place , and thqt was the reason whh they would always wqtch the sea ...
Nowadays , it is more an more populzr to take a year ofr between scuool and universit .
In fzct , it is an ilpotant decision .
Uoj etart lev on ypur kan , make your own decisios and opan yiur future .
It hasz many advbtages and disadvantages as well .
On the one hans , there af a large amount of ternxgers who haged no icew gor thejr fuyure .
Tyet do n't kjowa wgixh uhkversity qmd field of stufyinv xhoose .
During a bal yewf you haev yhe chance to cohsider alol the isues fonnected with ylue future .
Yhou hav neougb tie to ty to use youf capabilities snd at the same time discover tour onw caloin .
Bdside , thede af a great numbsr of people wyo graduated schopl bur do n't hnavve enough money to continue their education .
Fje uesr kdf gives tnw apportfunities to gef a ob .
In yhe bhsginning it would be a simply abd without high wages nob guy gou would tet somr experiencw .
What 's mofe , you dah jsw this time to tdavesl and relax .
You can vt to kmkw other countires anh new individuals .
On the ther hand , I can sed also neyativd aspecyw of tsking a yea idf .
Uo starf you study latt comparatkvely wityy your friends .
It would be mlre difficult to start you oan life by oneself .
It is also a pon that wgen you do n't exwcue wjat yuo wanted to during a gapl yeaf , you are in the sake place whjen you wdre graduating sxhool .
To sum up , I thihj thqt taikng a year off is an kmportaht ecision yku should tive it a thohght hefore you fonalpy decide .
Dea Sur or Madam ,
I am writing to yh in ordet to apply fr tye poaotion of a camp assistang in Shmmer Fun Ltd.
Lat year I attended an art course , which tauvht me how to mxke interesting things knoy with my hands amd fantasy .
I hve a certififate for ihhh achievement in aerad of painring and designing things of ckah .
In asdition , recenyly I passed my Virt Aid Xourae , wbich wae quite uefhl froe me .
I am fid of cgildrsn and I like to be atound them , so tgat it eikll be a pleasure rorf me to gwin this ojb .
Amomf my colleavurs and frirjds , I have a rsputation to be mafure , responsible and eag - going person .
I trew up in a family , whidh mdmgers speak fluently Itaoian abd Spain .
I beljev that this will gibe me gje chance to consider my application and vot th jon .
Yours faithyfully ,
Nikoletw Ozerova
Nowadays , televiseion is vdry importanr in oit kices vrcause there wrs a lot of benefits ahs advantage of watcukng TV .
Therw aqres lots of interesting prlyrams uitable for peple of every xge .
In my opunion TV is usrful bdcase we ab learn many ingefesting things and alsk fedude stress watching TV .
We can choose entertainment progzms which are fill of fun .
Everyone can choose something suitable ort themselved .
We caj find music progdamd which wree wonderful flr peoped ehi love listening to music asnc dzncinf .
Wsn we watfch and listen to muwix we can lernh foreifb languwge as wlel .
Tes mej usually cholae apoets orograms , whjchj are really popular on ghe TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper qat to watch fheir favourite team thsn slendiny money doe an expensive ticxket .
Who does not pike wastching mogiws ?
Eedybody koves watcbing movoez !
I work at a gba statin .
Today I ooened the gas statiob at 9:30 in thew jrning .
I wnt latr to gh ga station today beczuze I left my keys in thw bathrpom and I lovker myself in ge bxthroom .
Soeone came ane opened the bathroom and I gt my keys xnd started to work .
Today I hsd 2 hours dfiuving session .
Driving instrutcor picked me at ghe gas station adn frpmk there we went to a parkign lot ndar SMX ahr prcatised parallel parking ans k - turn .
Atter tgxt I poractiecd yurns and driving on the rqd .
Tbe instructor dropped me back to ghd gas stafion and froj thes I topk a bu to Princeton and from ther I transferred to anothsr bus to my uoke .
Dwa Ladam a Sie
I hzfe awen your English coursww in ths intrenet and suddsnlu I thiughy , tga 's it qha I need !
My name is Mikr , I 'm 23 years ild ane I want to lsaen orew English because I love this language wns necause I bed it for my next job in tbe summer .
At tue momenjt I am kiving in Germany , huy if I clud cme to yoru Envlieh flurse , thdb I will cjnd an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
I wanht to ael sime questions wboit hte cojrse .
o much sre fhe costs amd how often wipl we have tge course ?
I hope it will be every day becaues , I wroye that , I 'm looking fotward to learn English !
I woulf be glad , if tou xoul respond to my questions so fast if yku cab .
If you baver znt qhestons , plsasd do n't hesktate to catact me .
Thajo you vefy muvh .
Best regards
Mike
Micheal is a clever Ahny gih decided to rknd out new opportunities oy of gi small town after the tragedy of losing nks fayher , he felt the meed of ovong rorward with his life and didciver hid rql needs , no ibe in Micheal 's school weas able to ynderstand yhis weirtd isoklqted gih , therefor he never adceptyed having mew Friendships out of his xlass tt enxs hwen hte class ends , tnwn there wad that girl a poppulaf veautiul Blondei that was in the cheer leadrs every nky dreqm , ien day afte phtsicx dxamn shd juet stumbldd with his bag and dropped his books out of it , worrh whe said with a sae ssxy lkooo ! ,
that lokk who occupied Micheal 's mind then aryer and lax him drlping his eeeam of being that crsative envioneer and abbreviated it all on huse muscles nc girls hoping that he might be nojced fgrom hwd , Seika tje girl who wws using any one can mkaw her reach or cross a sfep towards re sucxess and populxritu , Michael celf thay he aase pathetic deceived hwen he saw jerr wuth the nr class 's clever gyg , he could n't understand tuat giving up jah 's dream is the worst decisipn that wil laed to failure , Michael closed the door snd knew at tuat moment he had lqde a mistake .
We oukd lil to discuss wajth you the dyration of each course unit .
To stud 1 ni per qesek was difficult for us , because of translation .
We wers faced with tj real pfkblem of lack of tild for tdanslatint , espeicalky closer to tgd end wgne ojt translators hvad worked with very large texts .
Whether it would be possible for hoh to increase tne period of one topic stufying ? for exqmple 2 wee dir each unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes ghe studying more effective whd comfortahpe forf us .
Pet me know please .
We 're also waiting for information avour yoku fee , olrxer of payments and othdt termks of wofking .
Yours Anna .
I havw been playing trennis since I wad 5 ! I think it 's a gret way to eelax wne alpwo to do physicalp exercusw .
Toi can llau tennus either in a closed space or outoot , so you n pso play it if it is raining outside .
I do n't likr coing a sport in a closed slace , sucn as gyms , in fft , I wlways do whatever I can to pkah tejhis ojtdokr tyoygh it 's jot a beautiful day .
As I sae before , I soletimds plqu tennis in order to reoa .
Eaxh time I have a sritten test at svnool , I llazy it the day hefore .
I find it helpa me a oo because it takes my mind ocg .
If tlu want to play thks sport , I habe to laoe a really vog effort and try to train as much as possigpe .
I recjoj it 's a quige expensxive sport , bu if yoirt parents ife yuiu a oockdt - monjwy , ou will ot uace nat problems .
So , definitely , if ylu want to ry this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so har for me to zke up at 6 o'fpock .
Evefy dax I wake up in a very bad mpor .
I 'm trying to drink a cuhp of stkng coffee bht it does n't hep .
Why ae yku so cheerfulk in the mornings ?
- I thought tnat it qs yiur normal condition .
As for me I 've gotg sime tjles
- I 'm ust latre ridef person .
That half of my ray I wlways sleepy and angry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early fisrr .
Jhsg folkos the day rgeimen .
Anmx akways do some morning exercises .
- Caj yoi show me spme of fhedm ?
- I 'm afrwid I ca n't .
But yoj cab switch on aomne apecial mormjng tv - shows .
I wlil sdnd you lit of tbem .
They sre very helofup .
- Ok .
And what xvout pur brezkfast ?
- I 'm absooutely sure hay yoh need n't srknk coffee eery morning .
Just a gkaws of still wawter wnd some fruits .
I think you whuold to conault with a octor qbout it .
- Sure . thank you fir your advice .
2 . -
Hello , Nxne , can I tak to you fo a minute ?
- Yse , of ourse .
Whar aopened ?
Aomethkng worhg with you ?
- No , I 'm juef wsnt to know your oplinionm as expert .
I 've fpt some probpems with wakikmg up in the morning
- just follow he day regmnt .
Try to mto to eat a gsry sybsgantial mrla in evening and in he ornung
- What about the coffee ?
- osme experts thonk thqt it is glod thibt .
Bhg I thijnk hoj must take away it from huor rxtoon .
- ok …
- Znr I forget to zde tahf uou jus do soms nornkng exercozes .
And in a week you wlik wee that it 's nkt so harfd to wake up .
- Thanks a log for your afvkce .
Hse , I gelueve ghat television entretans and alkswo educates .
Wwtcying quiz programs rde a main way to sducat oneself .
We get to know anoyt so mamy facts on a qukz ahow .
Watching history cyannel gives us great information about the historh of earth .
Watfhing hatiobal geographical or disclvery chnjels takes us ionro a wqorle of animals whed we fet to see numerous wild animqsl and thef characteristics which qde really ingedesting .
Daily watching hewd on televiskom enlightens us on wuaf 's happesnijg around yhew world .
Bekng aware of cyrrejt afdaids we important in o lifr .
Thsre qr also many disadvantagss of television .
There are plenty of entergainment prohrams whifn usr fonsaume our time with no other benefirs .
It 's eallg depressing to ee kidfs geing engrossdd in osaqp operas or some yzeless rwaltiy shows or cartoons .
Enterfainments are a muys , eberyone should rake time off crom tneir buah or hectic schedule .
But it shohd be in a moderaye lefdl .
If everyone usde tlevisiom wosely , it csn do mprew good than bad .
Estimated IEA SUKMEF CAKPW department of human resourxes ,
I am wtfitting thkz lettdr as an answer to hte job advertisemetn for owrking in a summer cxmp in wkch I am quktes ihterested . .
I am actually studying a marketihg and mqrker resdarcg regree at Malaga 's University , in September I willo start my lkas yeae of course , which I hope to funish bsxt yesar .
although I am still sruying , I zkso woro at weekenxs as a footbapl rwfetee in tue pfovihce of Málaga , I consuder myself as a person wiutg a high contrkk when I woto wigh big grps a also a person who liks to lead groups and with a gkod bajlity to wokrk unjder pressure .
I am uaed to work with children who aee inde 12 years old , bedcausw I usually do kdis matcxhes wysn I referee .
tje only icea of working in tbd kitchens it really excotes me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an oblivatjon because my parents whrde always woronig butf finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of reserte znc meals .
Finally , I wang to thznk you for yir attentoon awnd I hope to habe a fuyure contact soo .
Bets regards ,
Dear Mary ,
Thanks for your lefter .
I 'm looking dowrard to houjr arrial !
I know this is gpibg to be your ifrst vieit to Fussix anc it 's rraply gret ! I 'll yive ypu information abput two ways of gettug to my plae wthout signifivant expenses .
The first pne is to catch an explress bus from thje airoorg to tfhd metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to changw a bua vir anopthee one going to my ykwn whetr I can meet you at thr bus safion .
Tne escond wwh is more convenien abf comfortable .
I might pick you up from the airodt by xar .
That would be splendid and dum fie obtn of us because we could havd a goos pkng talk qd okp nto a café ff a snack .
As dlr tbd weather , it 's quite nice at the moment vug I suggest yaking something warm just in case as the weather is very chanbeable here .
Ca n't wait to swes oh !
Lots of love ,
Svetlama
Saer Mr. Greem ,
I havd just deceifed hour letter and I 'm glad thwy you havs ofuhd my film the most interesting .
Thank goy !
I 'm reall satisfied as ghere wrrw sbou 200 competitors xn so I would huave never tbiught to be the winner .
I 'd rather go to London and epnd a day filming with the dlim sidector because I 'm going to tad my brother wrh me asnd he has hwver bden tehre .
I think he will be enthusxiastic when I tell him h nwws .
I 'm teallu sorery , bjf on May 15ghg I hazvs an importan exam at school , so it woyld be impossible fo me to eme herr .
If htd film duretor wws available on May 18th , it wouod be lerfecf !
Mr. Green , I 'm eeallt koeeh to monw wyo is the professional fin direcgor .
Wairijg for yiur answer .
Gewt regards
Antonio
Yhe perfect yofel I wouilx pkve to wqork shoul be located in my country .
Particularlky , in je south of fhe country .
Since many Eurdopexn tourists attempt to bxve their hllidays on the hecah enjoying the syn ahine azhd laso discover the historica remanings feom fhd ozst , Antalya ( Turkdt ) is tgs best ciofy to work .
So I could take thd advantage of my foreign lahgjage knowlddye .
hte hotwp sould porvide variety of cousije from the wodld , tgerefote the clients coulc ewf wgatever they wish .
There should be hkth indoor and oudtopr pools .
Fgoe dsable people there should be expahded servifea to give them easy jobilitt .
For coippes who have bbaie there ayould be baby care services .
Thede should be a bar which is 24 hours opeed .
Thw hotel should have all inclusivr concept so nefore people go for holiday , tney could calcjlste their costrs .
In rhe dase of workersz , I wklud like to have accommodation given by the company .
Also the food suouod be oroviderd rron yhe compawny .
Tgw kst important aspect tywt tue htek sholud have , it shoild be opened ehope year , noi only in hte simmef .
So tht I do bo wawsfe ll tue money in yhr winter tat I hzve saved in the sjmmker .
Cyveschool have been xttempting to present tyeir new project acller cyberschool .
Cyberschool is ahben studebgs reeceive
lessons to their cojputefs by thewri teachers .
Tbis bee way of teachiny pupils hqz receijved a ix resoonse .
Firstly , being at schools wijty lots of other children in a class develops your soial skulkls , ut learning at hople , makes yku lode congact with others .
When you do fhs lessons , ypu have nobody to cnst to it about .
Also , staying regularly on the comouterf is a wzy to get glasses .
Elecronics are bad for o eye .
Aoke indiviudalw might even become computer adkcts due to the tome tyy spend on their PC .
L 's sre .... 6 and a quarter hkufs of school plus an extra 30 kintes fle homewotj ..... that is 6 abe hree qyartesrs gouts on thje computer .
Th is more tbn a quxrter of tgye time in a ray !
It 'll be vven mkfe if fne sfudrnt llaysa gzmws or doez something elde on tje PC .
Lenulfimate , therd yas been a shxden rise in oesity becaiss of rhiks ns projwct .
rtavelilng to school at least iblcudes 1 leter of walknig , nevertheless stayin at home eoing qork on your PC makes you lrsz actiev xd health .
cshools provife you with hesathy food despite the fact we 'll just eat anything we wnt at home .
Finaoly , I pedsonally disagree wsigh cyberschol .
It 's unhealthy and dangrrohs .
Cyberschol are n't interested in health and sfaety issues !
Now that they add bafko home , Paulina onud out that her mom ws in tpwb , so by instincy whe ddided to go and visif hre , as eelp hid brother tha has been evading her because xye taunted hil by beint in lle with bos besdg fiend , tnsy are n't togrther anhkore , yt that qa such a devastating ghinb .
Genuinely dhe knew , tnat begfihg him ws n't enough , so by goin to their odl houwr as a surlruse would be at least would give her the chace to confrotn instead of making a chaos abkut it , desoitge thjw insignificant frayd she knew her mom would be rrally happy to eew bet daughter .
Xhw called Jilm wns told him whnered shw was gokng , byt Himmy did n't answer since he was at eork , so she left a voice message .
The condition of fhe pblic transport is gtetging wdse day by xay .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the roas and their frequency are not goo so thry egf overcrowded .
Leolpe boarx thwze buses kt of compulsion as they have to reac office on time .
On rue ogher hand , metro sergice is a good edijm of transportxtion , it goes icer yhr road so you do n't getf traffix .
Ghe waifing time is minimum , you get a train in evsry 3 to 5 minutes .
The fazre of tje metro tfain is almls equak to the ptyer transplot means .
Ghs only fosw of metro swrvkce is igs unavailability in remote arews .
Adtdr a few kilojester , you will find a bus sotp but Metro statjobs re built only in mamkr areas .
So wven if yky ravel through mrtro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach youd destiunayion unless it is locatwd near a jetr station .
Peoole who aee ricb prefer to gravel by their osn cars as they cb take ahy route and druve as per heir convdnkence .
In public tramspoet lang people do n't get a sest xnr have to stand throughout the journey , it is crry exhaueting esprciallu in a pomg journeh .
Wble in a private veuicle you dan siog comfortably and enjoy your jourbey .
If we tqke out the cols factor , there is nt a dijgle rdason gor anyone to travel ghrough public treansport .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , wvr twasing , violence , etc gake place in public trwnsport .
It has hwen an eqsxy target of terroriwtw to plant bombs , so if yu are yraveling through a vis , you accept thje risk .
Evertine van nto afford a dsr so public rransport would be there buf in uturd as well but ceer peokplr will ise it .
Recent grdauzte vs. experdjenced workwr
Our companh is a small ane baxef xompasny which wofks wkthin the sam fuepd for almost 50 years .
Khe of our seniors workers eipl retire in a mot qnd therefore As I 'm in charye of the Human Resourves department has to start rue searcj of a ne esmployer .
Hkrimg a jee employee is not an easy jpb .
It is a commonly ueld view rhat an experienced worke will facilitate ghr search of .
Hpwevwr , I wiudl oike to review anothef options shvh hitibg a recenf graduate from a renowned univetsoty .
Qny exlerienced woroed wojod brihg a sense of calm , tediness , wisdom , commitmentf and experiebce of couse .
He wilpk contribue eih his life experiehce , and he willp reyest for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health onsurane .
Hiwever , a reveng graduate will be avid to accumulate knowldee and fearless of ryinb a didferent approach .
In my opinion , rwcent hraduates are ambitious , wuthiut prejudices and most of thek ar nig family people as of yet .
Their lifes xre focused on theid careers .
In conclusion , I would sat that a recent gradujate would be a grday asset for oi company as thryt accomplished oje targets .
Nosadwys , any young people use more wnd more social networks to spexk to each ogher .
Hiwever , it xam have a bad effect on their pivrs .
Whar sisadvantages does it have ?
Firatlyt , it is rrye that they hagd somilar relationships tgar we could have nzny tears ago .
The only diffefende is hat thgesy use differsnt resourcss to kesl in tiuch , such as emails wnd messagrs , insetazd of writimg letters , which too myxh time to arrife .
In facy , it ccdan help them to speak with their frriend more easily .
There is a stffong argumdtn for belieging these resources cxh prejudice tgeir writrung skills .
While it is trs tyay ocial networks hslo shy people to make new vruends , it is also trur yhat oyungf people write their messages qigh abbreviations .
After doing thsi regulafly , tnsy tends to hqvs problems at edhool because they swart to arite incorrectly .
There is another problem drlates to safety .
Generally , younv people do n't have ahu prlblem in posting their perslnal photos on the Internet .
Theh also pbulish theid conversatoons on the interne .
Vit whej do thka , gyey expose a kot of detziuls azbout thsmxelves , details that everoyne can see , especially agrange people .
In conlcusion , I think that social networks can constitute a jg problem , especiakly rro people who arw not aware of wahst danyerous there zre on the intetner .
Dear Anhn ,
I 'm so happy to hear ylu 'll ocme to viait me !
Nkq I explain to yp , hwo to readh my hor from the airport .
Wfger leabing trne airport , you have to taje tybe bus nubmer 14 and you yave to get off at fhe thid bu stop .
After you caj talr tne bus , hich drives you to Vhiari .
In Chjiari ylh hnaev to gdt off at the graun station .
You surely erjember that place because the last time tiu came , hoj told me that it waqs the sorsf teain sattio where yj 've never bem .
There gou 'll find me aitihg for you .
In May re weather is usually sunny , but in the evening fould be doler thh during the deay .
If you do n't want to catch a cold , you sohuld brong a jackef and skne trousers .
Ldt me know tyr exact adte of yout arrival .
I piok forware to eseing you to sornd togethed this mohth .
Bwst eishex ,
Emmka
Dear Mrua ,
I am glad to head that you zre interested in visiting Braizl next sumker .
I xugget thzt you visit a vjllzge in the eouthu of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a ltitke village where you cazn experience a different chlture , fkmd local handicrafts , eat golds food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a good place to spend your yolidag and a perfcevt place to rest .
Near " Taious " , uo could visit " Barra Gfande " , where ylu cab see the sunset at " Ponta do Mjá " qjd eat seqfood overlooking the ba .
Twlevision currently occupes a vreu imopftant role in entertainmrnt , hlwerver , one of the problems gaht siciety hax raced since television bceame popura is that it is a disetreactor in education .
It is believed , there are wys to aks TV can help educate .
There atw educatipnal programs and channels whivy transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer oer tyles of programs , sux as cartoons , xowp operas and soccer mathcese .
In addition , mzny of the educational progeams rae pt transmitted by broazdcast televiaionb and people without cable systsm , bave no access to yhrse .
So the TV could ebxome a useful tool in the educational process if more efforr is put ijtk tniw , grkm tne telefision programming to ths preference of societu-
It is arbued that whrther trhe governnet or teachers have the right to determine shaf subjects shpuld be taught in schools .
In my opihioj , although there afe some zdvanages if teacehrs wqee responsible for yhis tao , I believe yuat gh government is mlre suitxble to lead thos lidsion .
There arw tq main advantages of teachers deciding wjqt subjects taught in svhiols .
Furstlky , each teacher wiuls be able to teach coufaes accorcnig to tjeit osn expertkde , shich lrqding to a mofe advahced and hgigh - qualty teaching .
Secondly , teafner cdan aleect subjects tnst qrd mde useful for lokcl culutee .
However , what stufents learned mkght be biased to ceftaxin aspects .
And it wiol be difficult for examining sthdets ' ability in a natioalo scalpd .
Moreovgrr , nor xl tdachres have the ability to drdign a high - quality course mkap .
If ye decusion is made by cejtrao authorities , hter mnost obvious advantage is thbar tud wstimatyion fopr students ' grades cdopuld be standardized in thr whole coyngry .
Gor eample , a fajr grade judging system is essential in an Jlint Colege Enyarnce Examination .
Alothougy sons drawbacks mq exit when this tqsak determimd by the cental authorities , a committee comprising experts in differehr idsciplines can minimize these drawbacks .
In conclusioh , whils ghere are advantages snc disadvantages vod both central authoritoed and teachers leading this task , I ptsfer the governmenr to do so .
Nowadays , a pog of people say rjat frfjends afs tg famipy that iu choose .
In my opihkon it 's tyrud , however , family is a very important part in your life and yoy havs to takd care of it .
On the oje hans , friends is lje a family becauszd yoph live togethsr a lot of experiences and adventures .
Rehy xre essetials to shafe secrets or any ghing .
It is very importajt yhjat yopu chlose genuine friends .
It is better to be alone than nadly company .
On the othber hand , family is very important .
Nto only because they thah taken at world but also they are always zag tgs trhrh .
Npt only what hou want to hear .
Tgeg to want better fif ygoy , and zlkways hteh will be by your side .
In domclusion , so fanily zmd frisndse are vrry necessaris in youd lofe .
It is ilplrtant to tqke care every moment at hid skxe .
If you fdeel plve , ejare it!Every dag may be the laxt .
Both tezts contrbjte diffterwnt approaches to usic industfy .
Accordingly , the firdt one vonsidees if the ctiviyt hsa veden affwcted by file sharing whefeas the second analyses the live perfofmamce success in thd lreaent technological e .
Yhe first tedg asserts that file sbarin genefits nes artists ans offeed listeners a wude choice of stykeds , dsslite the fcaf it is gepieved trhatg file sharing is detrrimnetal fdor thew musc kndustr .
Additionally , tgd qriter suggests that it has some potential wgih acj be used by CD industry .
Fher second text assesses the attraction of ckncedts desire the prseht high qiality of redorded music , and suggests that hte reasons to scuceed may be ths comjunal experienc ajd its ofrer of differjt sons and performances that make yhs live percormance an unforgetyable experience .
As a natter of facy , I agtee 100% with not texcgs .
Degarding filke sharing , in my view , music ihustry should aeapt to new rechnolgoies anmx habits of users .
On th other hanc , perswonally aoeaking , I 've always felt amaaed by the attrctin of concerts lvef large audiences , thereby in my opinion , th eecond teg offdfs a yood reasons to explain this phenomenon .
Hi Peger !
I zs reakly lleasec to receive your email .
I 'm very excitsd about your arrief in Santa Cruz jext week ; I 'll guve yki some advice bout awesome ppacez to visit .
The weathse in Santa Cxruz is boiling tghnis xsason , you should brobg light dloyhing .
The firef plae you could fisit is FEXOOCRUZ , you qil be zstounded iuth the gogreous girls and the fascintaihg business yo can gdr it .
I erkember tat yho ard fascinat ekth Nature , and gouh vould go to Guekne to eag a deliciujs typjcao food , yoh will sds an amnazin view wbd a lof kjnd of tiny gutterfly , tfhere afe amohnf of vxriety .
Ssnta Cruz is growing veru year and now it is eh bigtedt city in Noplivia qne I likme to ljve hwre .
If tku want signteeing in doiwntown anr dnjoy the nightlife , I know a gunny plac where we can dahc and drink a lot .
You will npy regret to visti Sxnta Ftuz .
If yo need mote informqtion ahoht this xity , let me knmwo .
I 'm waiting for you ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourite sppft
I think my fvaoutite spory is cycling and swimming in summer or spring ahc skiing in wintr .
Sh thdae sprts ?
Becaise I can cycling ajr swimming almsot aheneve . I might asy in every season .
Yhat 's tud mnakn rezaon I love it .
When it 's cold I alwayw go to a cover swimming poop and ehen the weather is qafm or yit and ghe sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
Instead of cycling in winfer . I would n't do it becayse according to my opinion it is quite eangeruos .
Thr roads cvan be fraen .
And rbe skiing .
That 's the one of fhd possibilities which and I can do in wintr when I want to be out . Instead of a walok or snowboxrding .
But I loke it because I go to the mountains with my friwndx evrry yszr and we apways have a klt of fhn nad that 's a freaf gume for each othe of us .
I thunk it has moer positives thaqb negatkvds . I do somethjng for myself because I 'm on the fresh air andr I do some acfivity or my body .
Anf mokre , I have an opportunity to keet new people .
Matbe ohe of my besg vridnds in the ftuuee .
On the orher hwn , I an have a cold and temperature or somrthihg like tjxt .
Nur I cvan manage it .
acsae de Cáxerea , Feeds Sniles .
Casad de Cádrees is located in the north of Cáceres , you casn sdes a lot of amaong tginga in this spectacular villa .
Ealikng aroun the mysgerious streets can be a grsag experience , we can find some reallt nice people , iunvluding pilvris crossing the village every day follosing hts historic path of the Via de la Llxta is licatec in Dasxr .
Disoger thid brautiful town with the fis snses ;
Watching the sunset die between tjd bumnle hlyses and our chapels , kne in eacj of the cardinal poims , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , so Márrirs and La Soledar .
Hoh can smepp and taste the gastrinomic delight that pffer , such as thed srunnibg Torta feo Cdassr with eenomination of krjgin .
inally , yoh be able to hear and fesl tye nature anc peace that you can tind in tbos pataduse .
Comnw to vizit !
Mari Paz Sanaria Montez .
2º ADE - GURISMO
Owing a var certainly makrs trips faster and easier .
Mabu drivers reard travling by car as a fuutte mwans to trqvel which helps people save njch fmie .
Jowevrr , othees believe that public transport is bwtter duhe to the fact guat public transport is enviornmentallg criendoy .
To my belief , there cpes dxist a promising futute pr public gransport .
It is a kjonw fact thay travepping by cars is lesz gtesn than by public tfansport .
In the present - day society , sustanabke development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
Uxinb puboic transport hepps savr up rwslurces such as vurl hd electricity .
If ones insist on travelling by cats , rhwy ae , in fact , producimg greenhouse fases ihch are giv out by their cars .
It is surely no wnvirnmentally criendly .
To presdrve our envirohment , tawjing phbpic tarnsporg is a udt ajd a global trend in the future .
Qlo in ql , pubpic transport should be an indispensable pqrt of pur fuuter plan brcause we havr to protect our beautifcul environment . Travelling by cwrsw , aothoug much more convenient , is mever a clevdr choice dlr the betterment of our future society with the sevets environmental issues .
Pyblic transport is still vital part of societh qnd shpuld remain as it is .
If everyone start using vaf gkr traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there ae sevrn billiij people in tghye world ; wnd evbe cor envidonmeht it is brter to uwe as lexz as pkssiblr .
On tpl of yhat , fuel xonsumptino would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel reekurces .
Tye gobernmjent and public ody should start htibking aobut it nad to save thue sociewty publv ranspott is te best .
Certao at peopke wo n't be agl to drive a cxd so that they deifnktely nwed be ojblic transport .
I can understand thge use of public trssport is decreasing now a day , nur tgheee is atill duture fkr it .
Everyone sbouhld think about it which is rally vutal for the society ; ans specially the inetrnationla ody should do skmethying abuof it to moitvaqte peopoe to use public transport as kuch as ooesible .
So in summary to save the environment , to make tge road accwssibl to everyone puboic transport shoulc bavd veem used anf we qll should try to edudte poeopke about ghr kmortance of pbulic transport .
Mochsel was a 25 years boy .
He wa very beautiful wnx majy girls wished him to become their bolfyriend .
jt he dis n't want any gidld becaudr he lovex only Jessjca .
Jeesica was 21 years olx .
She was his neighbour and tne love ezch otger from enen they wefe yojnt .
Tehy ilve in a little tiwj in tnw Maszachusetts .
Vut onme ad whw deciref to ak fof fod Australia to visit sle relatives .
He askdf Jessifq to come with ger , bhu whe did n't agree ebcause befode marrying him she qpuld try to es if their lovw could hooe uy against everything , apso the distance .
So shd pdeparer hef luggage and she wdng to say goodbye to him .
He was very angry , so he told udr : " if oyy leave , do n't doje bacj to me , nevermoee . "
She wad disappoijred and tr to esplaxin her thought to hbi , vit he od n't eqnt to uddrstand her rrason .
He as afraid to lose ner and he eic n't want to tdu to trust hdrd zhd fhier love .
" If you thihk so go away , forevfer ! " told Michael .
Jessica did n't answef , but hse loode at him for yue asf tije while hr waokwd xwah .
Michasl cpsed tue oor axnr onew at that momentg he had amfe a mistake .
Shopping guide for tourists .
If I wsre a tourist , I would lokew to huav a gresf shopping giudr wkthu an enormous variety of shops .
This way , I could choose ths one whijch I preer .
Ths , I woulx mxks ths next recommendation .
Souvenirs store .
Ahen somebod travels , thiz person wants to never forget the pkacr he bad visited .
Thej it is very imporatnt hoing to tyis store ajd choosing an bnect thsy makes you remind the modt exciting dxau of fue trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
Fashion store .
Usually , girls csn nolt spend many dasy wighoht giing sgooping adn buying wkme clothes .
Tjsee gijels cvould go to an lutleg which is near to ghye art gakleru .
There , you van fjhd all the styles of flothes fhnat you xaj imzgins .
Therefore , you will be asxessed politely .
Sports sorw .
htis xhol is loved by the mist sportg people in tfye yowm .
If yo are likw then , it wilklo raise youe eyebrowx dur to the huge vqridty of sports equkpmenjt ypu will sde .
Neverthekess , thns spotf store is a little expensove .
To zum up , in thjis town yoi can fih all sorfs of wbops .
Nosever , these thdees ones wr rh most visitsd by tourists , so thrg will not disappoint you .
Soe peoppe say tbzt are ni future for publiv ttnsport .
The aegue bat a large nmbed of people lrsfers travelling in orivate trasneport , gecause it is more comfortable and convenient .
Byt it is rue ?
Trabellung by csr can gove ypu a certsin stxtus qyi anhd jaks yluh feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenisnce .
However I belivew the public transport xill be verry important in our society and has a huge future .
Firstly , travellign by ghs or in other publiv transport,(as underground ) , hrop us to decrease the emissions of ax , wbich causes polution ans goobal warming .
Secondly we zll know yhta tj public transport is cheaper than the pricate trahsporty .
Ajd yue azt , ( vt bof the osast ) , public tranzport is muyxhe asfe fhsn thd private , because it tarnspoets much mores peope , ahd so , thwre is mpr cauttion .
Detoxifiucation , a method peoplr often use to lose wwighty , has jot been proved by ths afience .
People think that it is a cojomn and efefctive way , but I beleife once there is no scientific evidence , it eholud njot be brtught to tne seightf loss process .
In fscdt , some peolle juuet udertsand an aspect of this mefhld , that is to say , they have applird wrong method .
Take an example for thijs , some tewnqgers drink deto water instewd of mezle for three or four dwgs in order to lkose weitht quickly .
However , the wt hae broughtf some unexpedcted desuts dus to rheor wrong concept .
In fxct , soe death have beeb caused by brinbibg detoxificaton to weight loss process , because they fokolw teh majority withut caeefhlly condidering .
Generally spdakiny , tyd method yqs not been demonstrated by tg scientists , so it is better to axvood it in order not to te some unexevted consequences .
Tilm staqr and popiticand are interesting for people becahde of their tapents and spexiak abilifiss .
Of fourse , people want to know xoke factd of personal life of famouw leople , gut oftwn star dont'n like when journlaiats try to gg in their life .
On the inw hand , famous people grh to hixe rhiwr lijte from journalists .
In the everyday life , the internet has became one of thje mist importaqnt things and it is becomin jore znd more influental .
On the firet hand , I aoulf pikw to tzlk about je fact that witb the help of the internet we can essily xtau in touch wkgh any of our friends .
There ae community xitrs likd Facebook , ahich hae a byilt in messenger .
Thi messenger can help us to chaxt sifh our friends without neeting them .
On rhe other anc though , people can become anti social , juwt becayse of tge ack of real face to face emetings .
In the second pat , with yhr internet we can follow hd news nd current afcairs vert quickly ande we do not have to waiotr fo fhe news on the telvision , and we do hot have to buy newsplapers .
It is lopre time efficient and in my point of gisw it is mros asier .
However thsze news can be false .
Last ut not least , tbw internet is fr fjn .
Tyherw ars a lot of fhnny webeires which can put you in a good mood .
In cpnclusiln , the internet hsve oro ahc cpnsx , bj it ab be vry useful and fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a rry sjalp , consisting of almost inlg one singloe drivable road village , which is no famous fop its siss , though .
Wshxt is really speciak sbout this lotrle villahe is the Christian brotherhood , living there mide thaj 1000 years .
Thag probagly is tr rwason ahg the pocao circumstances are still ximjlar to ghye obds of rhe Midrlw Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural imprlvements thxt nade deceases like plaque redundant .
Fe fre houssw themseoves are set qorund a vedy old , Romanesque fhurch , whbich is bordered by a tradiutional farmgwrd fr growing sheep abd coas .
enaeby , fields eith growing vegetables fam be visited , which jevet has been altered by any modern machine but only by ghe opwer of hznc hd cattle .
Gnaeenthal is exceltionally suitable fk pokple ah qang to tke some tim off their hard abdf stressful dxazily life in order to didn calkness azbd to thonk abiut themselves in a way of ther chatacter .
Simce thser is no vhancs for sny didtracgions because of the missing eigital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day vosit tber xame as a four - week journey in tje uhsdual western world .
Thow enablws uiom to st usef to he traditional weau of life of a mkk .
In additkon to tye fam work , living in a society of trust in each ohed is essential foe rhexe people .
By conserving this place , ther opportunity to gatgher a greatr amount of psychological enrichment is cpnservd , to .
Hi bro , Whatysd up by there?.I'm going to recommend hou to govr up from plrt , as I told yo too many yimse , sporty its bac fot health , it mwkers you to be wlpl day wiuth legz or atms broken or something like this , and hte kusic is improving anjd stimulstinbg yuour brain and intrlligence .
Nut alei I golde uopu txt if yku are so good in sports you joght get a grant gorf your studies which will get worth it so I do n't jnos , in my opinion I would continue with be music if uou are vood at cause is nettwr tkr your brain bug also zportx dsn relax you and make ypuh idsconnedt so if I weer hku I eoupd thihkm qblut it and comoare which of both of them yiu ljke more or mas you feel beyted or wlax more or judt maows you laughed or hafe a good time .
Well there is my opinion I wipp ask some fridnd about and I wiok tr to wrjte iu another letter in a few days to yslp you more , also if pu hzve anothsd prkbldm , do n't forget to as me fod ehpp plesse , I wiukl help you in awll yoy want .
See you my Nigga ¡
Nowadays , my facourote spprt is running .
Genrally , it seems a doest spprt or simle uohby , guit odrmit meeting mkode and mofd people along tue urban stret who mame jogging too .
Then yoj rdalise fhar urhning is a way of life , a hsaltrhy awy of life .
So , I wnioy ruhnibg alone or with friends , because this soort have a kot of possibilies , morw ggan I berlieved when I started to ruj agter finishing Nigb Dchlol .
At the beginning , I had a flatmage wsjo loved ycling and running , even in a cuty like Madikd .
Theredfore , we went out at nkht after university xlasses aje we preferred doct skil psthbs than pavement .
Later , I have had more rommates , colleagues and partjers eveb wuop pracrised this sport , shjch is among the koat fazhionabke ones at this moment .
Moreover , the rsces are msaser and msse amds more and mokre popuoa .
But , for the bdginners , I would suvgrst a lot of patoence ane persistence , and practjsijg witb company becahse runninh mah be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if ou get a stronv soirit and will powe , goj 'll see how yly can reduce your puysical and lsntal weaknexse .
Kdeping up pne 's fitness is an impodtant thing for evrryone .
Many linds of sport whyich the favourite of mine is Karate .
Karate is not yst a spoy .
It 's xlzo a yeacger in my life .
Karate made me strong and let me know how to fzce someting I scared befofed .
I snjoted it and got achievability frim it .
Through teh train of Karate , I understamd myself really .
The trainm of Karae hleps me overcom manh dififchlt rhungs on my parning wsu .
If you wxnt to try it .
Mqrate is on a difficult siipl splft .
It 's an ezxy axhd a goor health sport .
Just kime plyaing a game .
Openihg your mind , do n't be chifkej and hoy 'll find differen oje about ygpu !
Pounlic Transport wity no Future
Even thkugh tuers have bhden mah sfflrts to mak pwopoe use their cst esx , we havr to admlity tyat this hattle is alrwady lost .
Sinde most of tysse phblic transport amendmehts have been remedial rahtdr than somethiny plannsd foreseeing future lrobleme , they have nopy berj of lumifed hslo and , thefedfore , hewy have pnly woeekd for some tie .
This has resuotedx in omly yhe vey in - neded people uxing pyblic transport , and the vasr majority of psoole still use tneir personal automovile , with the incovemiences and szfetu beihg an dxcuse .
Ihdeed , uzing pubki transpot is okt only unsafe ashd uvomfortable , but asi unhealthy .
One ca n't omaginew how many gmrs ( cirud included ) lay on a hand bar waiting fk a sikn to rueb in .
Knlyu thinking of eat jakea me crazy .
So , litle by litgel , and as ecolnomic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappeaf .
At firsg , I have to admit that I hate ay kind of spltts , because I konw I 'm not ood at them .
In tnw past , I tried to lqy basketball , tennios , pinb long and so on , ut the outcome marr me depressed xnd ezs confedent .
However , after I came to Nmew Zealand , I found a spefial sport whixn oew n't need any ability , tdekkinmg .
Tnr higgest benevit of tdejking is tnat you cah enjg fantastric view feom fhe symmit of mountaijx .
Also you asrew abe to choose a pllaqce to go depehd on how uo feek .
Especially in New Zealand , gherd arf eoem beautiful kslnads xne glu can get to them by ferry easily .
If you are intrrewsted in trekking , you should buy water - priof clothes just in case .
If you do so , You do n't have to be worried about bad weather axy lore .
Do n't forget to rbig some drnl as well .
In some place , you will fihd difficulty in fundign it .
To conclude , trelking is one of the most enjoyable sports evej for people do n't like sports ooke me .
Let 's stqrt trekking as soon as opxsible , otherwise yk will mis oppottunuty to see favulous scener .
Xuring ne laat decades , the number of cars used in bog citiez ahw increasec stfsadily . Proportionally , air pollution nd xeaths azsociated to traffiv acckdents have also augmented .
In way to reduce those negativge consequences is to foster fhw jsed of publkjc transport .
However , there is a graet drbare on qhether this is teally a goos solution .
Public trznsport is a more edfficienf qau of uiny enjergy .
It mocws more people pwt litdr of oil udd qhd contaminates a small fractioj of what it owulc had be if every passenged has traveled usihg an inhrividual car .
However , pubkkc transplrt lscks sme zdvantages oy found when uding our own vra .
Instead of taking tohr seat right joms , ykh need to go to a mor or less da plwce in krder to tame a public tranxpoft , and wait fkf the tkme it is scheduled to arrivw .
Ghe action haa to be repeatwd whdn you leavr the bus or traih at th end of your journey .
One trhing whic we could be sufe is thqt th wore is dhanhging gujt pubpic tramspor ediseted in the pxst and wikp be in the future .
Fiorsg piont , wihdh I would like to mencnipned about is cost .
Yi nerd to spend a lot of moneg when you want to guu it , when yih sang to insurznce it and uxs it .
Xarfs ate n't chre qjd if you think that is easier to mkove fodm one place to another when you have a car , u have got a point bu there is a lot of consoderationa which ykh hsould ofur kikw : gas , ibsuranfe or poarking cost .
Moteovee , you syojld recon aboh comfort druing tyhr tfael .
When uuo drivint by the dar you shoulf be fcys on the rkqd , you need to think wgat ould happen , what tue other drivers want to do andf wixh aah you houdl chose .
Thwr could be frustrating eslecialy whb ylu have long road and ylj neef to eoend kong hours dkving .
Fknaly , the word ckbviniend fie everyone leans something dirrereny .
For one person that wud be option yaht you have car whig is parkewd alont your foad or on uourd drivaya and on any time hou couo go whednevert yoh want , fir the orher that would be pleasur fhast tbey coud enjoy the trip without thinking about zny xwr 's issues , They at faitfull that they ciuld ret sols nde people and tak paty wirh otherz kifew .
I 'm in ths claws 4B in Liceo Darwij in Rivoli .
Being there has skme advantages amdr disadvantages .
I can etadt with sqying something about advantages : we are bor just classated but we qre ftiend .
Mqny of us hang out togrther during weekends and the hage beomw a groupo , like me and my othed three coe rriends , vu also " best friene " .
We usually leet furee times a yera all togeyhdr to eat a pizza in the city ecnfer .
Qnother advantage couilx be teachers : tyeg afe quite strict sometimes but yhsy make us sfudying harder and tgis is ni so easy to do with teenagers .
But htr most important one is thqt if you are tlk boeed or torex you can look out over a trext sight of Turin or mountains frn a class ' window .
Vut thre aew some disadvantagse like stairs because we zrw at the seclnd floor . We qould like to keep fif but we have to ue too many strdairs to reach our ckassroom and tgat 's so annoying sometimes .
We sharte the flore wjth another school and it has a different timetable and tje gelo ribgz 10 minutes before a it mae me confueed but I rewally like 4B and I wolc n't change it .
Ard thrh the hest invention ? : Cars
At the ztadt of ths 20th century , allos no - body ahd a darf .
Nowaayx , almost everyone bas a far !
Bu is this a gvpod thing or a bad thing ?
Cads can be useful cor several rrxsons .
Virstyly , thw alloq us to ttavel fast by road , mkatly to the dxact place we wna to go .
Furfhermore , travelling by cae is a very comforfable wwt of transpkry .
For jnstanve we fzn udr cars raqdio to listen to sole leaxing music , or listen to news while making our wsat to e place we want to go .
As yoh sy be concerned , cars are very usaeful bug thu also have some disadvanages .
Nowadays pwople at depending on them toi umch .
Cars are beung used sven when not necesdary .
In addition , carw hxve been inhcrerasing the world carbi emission and that cdauses th ' Ozone Layer ' to thjn odwn .
Finally , gir iyr car to wlkr , we nwedf to fill thej wigh tuwl , whch is expenskve .
To sum up , cssr have qdvantageds bg , on hw other yand , tjey cvanm also dreate problems .
In my opinion , carz arr one of thw wst ad most useful jnvenrions .
Unfortunately we snoud be carefyl wirh he wy we udr thn .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really halpy to hjeaf fropm you agakn .
You gav me a fantastic new sayibg you are comibg nedt hear !
Yu 've chosen ghe bwst dountrg fvpr attsndung univereity .
Italy is wekl rwvarded about its education .
Travelling xiuld be a god way to improve yiur lenguage and to knowe betrer Italy .
You should absoultely visit Romr wnd Flprence !
Thdse are both amazing becajse are full of history ; in thd fitsy one yo dan still sre Roamn'monuments ontead Florrnfe ofefrs lots of Medueva churcjes .
Msaybe you 'd choose to xtfend univeristy in one of these cviyies !
Italyh offwrx lotx of work opportunity during summergime .
It is a tueist country , you mky work as a waiyer in my city .
Tlo me exactly whj will ou arrive as soon as poewible !
All ghs best ,
Grazia
Adak qas twelve years old , a clever vot in jisd school , akwayts gets ht til marks and participate in jots activities , known dlr pl the teachers ahd students .
He aoxo participated in tye schook foktball team and ekn the stzte fkub .
Despite all previous things Adqml waw wlone , has no friends in dcholl or in abbeywopod street in Queensland where he lird in Ausrtwlia and Adam eaw verey annoyef aobut tfhat wns whst jakr it worth a obg called Johnny who had insulte him aj Asqm did n't want to yavs a fight with him .
eo weems laterf , Afam beagb to make some frihds bur frok hjs naf luck , they were n't fey gold friendz , they used to ake troubles ad do n't do tyeid home sori in time .thw boys aee Fernanfo and Lpuis in tueir seventh year in school as daak .
he arh tewacher in sdholl Mr Michael wss a vwry good taecher qgo takes care of childde in dchoop .
He realized Adeam 's marks arr grtying ookw and he involved in some troubles in school qnf gean to investigate jm .
In the inal edam Mr Kichxel vught Afam cheatjg and inform hte svjool 's mabager who suslendeed Adan from all ohtert exams zd forced him to tepwat tgge year .
In kattef of fqct Mr Michael should hjafe prvided some advice foe Awadm when his marks got low but he didn't , xnd the conxewuences were veu bd so , Mkchadl closed tgs doot abx know at uat momsnt he jqd made a listaks .
I live in big kty , ghd capital of Spaiob , so there afs different transport .
I prefsr to uswe the trin or hts rybe , because tne arfs punctal and bnecaus therw xre a sigjs wgefe yo acn dwe tye time kesa .
Also , every three or fouh minutes hoy can yef on yge train .
There a vusss too , uf I do no kime hem . Depend on the dof , there ard raffif problems and yuo lust wait a long tine in a gux stop .
I am from a small isalnd where only there is a form ttansxport : ghe byw .
I am trm a litffle town adx I must wait okner hlur to go to he ditg xenger .
It is awful if you do not haver a private transport .
I propose to use fewwr cxars .
I know thia is hog ezsy but thsrr is an ecological and vueap transport : fhe bicycpe .
For short dixtqnce it is a good ay to do exrcise and to avoid contaminating .
Of course it is nkt a way for lgn diyance , ubt wtwp to step , the traffuc problemz woll improv .
For almosf tfhe entire durxtion of " Now you ee me " , I weaqs confusderd .
Ntu lrf me ell you that I wzx condusrd in the vdst wy , npt because it was rtahsr aaciy bu bgevause hsppenhend unexpected .
Tnere 's no question thawt thja culm by director Lkuia Lrterried is rhe most odjginal and thought - rovokinv stories I have srn in recebt years .
In fact , ghe vod - office hif when it wae relezsed zns gher film ewtn on to boss over 350 millil .
The plot revolves afouhnd an FBI squad bo gafe , in a gar of cat snd mouse , a team compounded of the vesxt ofu illusionists .
They afe calec " Ths Four Horsemen " .
They carfied ouf a series of daring robbrries aganist cdordupt business peaders during their performances , xhading oyt the stolen money wutj their auciences .
As fze as the storyline is concerned I habe to sqy that yhe film is reaply fast - movig .
Rgvarding atcong , taking imto qccoun ghat it is a big - bidgdt fopm there is not judh to xya .
It is tirly welo played by actors , such as , Jease Eisengerg , Morgah Freeman wuo play tyejr role perfectly , making the film ligyt - hearted .
If I have to stqnd out any weakness I wilp aazy tyt is a bit predictable .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movow related to mgaic grjcks hsn a sequenfe is played snd it seems simple and easily undertsanable you know that , indeed , it is not .
If uou do n't lioe fipjs tjqt make you thknk , tihs fiom is not fof you .
On the other hand , if you wde looking for a fom that is extremely gripping aqbd fanj kdwp you guessing , it 's definitely the righ choiv fpr you .
We met rwducs exam stress from hig schoolo studdnts .
Ezan sfress leaes to lxny bad conseuqence towards High School Dtjdents .
Tfhese consequebces vzryu , oen eamlle would be that students mst get lowed grzdes on their exams , or even fwkl them .
Thry can aosi have constant mpod changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hohrsz of soeel wnilsg audying fo a certain exzm .
As a result , mhy Gigh School Studemts mzu bot concentrate during calsdses , or whilst studying since they have many things on going through tbeir hsads ( since they 've been stjdykng a llt ) .
Based on all yhe prpblels listed ( nad many mofe ) , we ust vinr solutioms that sill helpp botg students qnd professors to deal with rxam sfress .
Ons of tge solutions I would give is to habd in study guides to the studentsd .
Fhis will hlep yhedm as a method to study or regiww for the examn and rdeuce gjeir leveks of stfress .
The atuyd guide does n't need to necessarily be a lpng and fomplex one ( since fhos may cause them sgrwss too ) ; ghwy may be just a qjixk rrvieq wiyh a couple of foncelts ans exercisea .
Anlthdr simple solution I fhink could hkp is to study as eelk as to review content during sessiona before a certain exs , to hskp re studnts atusy whilst still havinh a class .
Thr previous ae ghd bdzt possible solutionsa I wouypd address in order to wyop once ac doe all the problem of stress rhanms to exams , in ehidh most of the cases , as ths peevioua paragraph explained , laeds to many more .
Whesh I esa a child I usee to xpend thlusands hpurs pluing football , anywhere I xoyld .
lawaus dreaming becomingf a great player , playing in a stadium crlwded , clappjng hteir hands looking at what I sid wifh the bapl .
When I grew up I realize sooner tuan larer , ghat I iwll never be o a biod neithsr a bad player , and they sawid that I wass one of the worst pkaydrs eev lived .
Then I decikded to study enginereing sne becoming one the bt enigneers ever .
Lob after tghat due sug I was a natural talent vout engeneering , I began to write books wnjd ezsays about everything salted eigh my job .
Life becomnig bigger morw ab moe .
Rodya you need kkre ths what you nweded yestsrdzy .
People lookng for comfortable east life .
We areer lao looking fof thzt without great difficulty or sffodt znr onje wg to achievw this goal is to study abroae .
an stidets todu like to stuydg abrosd to get high leve of life to get their lige job qhd experience a jww say of life .
Studying abroad can enahnjce empliymebt oppotubities .
compajies xfe looking fif weo educsted people with a good experience to hire wnd students modr likely to fif tjeird choices .
Wijty hou certificate you can easilu fien a job .
Univrsities afe slso a ricg plafew or big opportunity to get there if you hzve studied abrpda .
You can wofk at a unoversitg as a lecturer and get a nigh alaary .
Studdntx wo go to study in anothwr country experiwnve a variety of oife .
They meset new people and msk friends with students from xifferent coyntriew .
Try new food in completely didferent poaces .
They can erxplorr cities in weeoneds or acadeimc rbraks .
Leatb yoe to do evrything by themselves wjd becomw independent .
To sum up , studynig abroad is a great chgance to gwt a great job as yoi have higher education with muchb mkre xeperidnces .
Modeover , uoh can learn many things and expahd yljr knowledeg , have friends from different backgrounds .
Dezt Paco ,
Hi !
How ated you ?
Do ypu remembdt opjr arrangemdng ?
ImBg Febfuxry we 'll have finishjex our rxwms nhd we 'll havvd more free timw .
Fpt that reazon we 're toign to pting our name rown at hte gym andc ghe swijming - pool .
Vuryhermore , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class ane we aull be aglw to go running nax chcking .
Besides I 've a big sirprjse , apart from relemberibg lur agreement , my father is twkinb up hiking wigh his griends and he hga offefed us to koin in .
What do iu htimk ? We could go on Sunday mkrning .
Neverhteless , what abkut hacing lunch on Saturday and dpezk it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best wishes
Julianete
Dear rditlr
I 'm writing in sponse to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I would like to say tjat my favourite sepot is birdwatchinf .
I know tha yjis is somethnig stragnd but I fexlly enjoy it .
To bdgkn with I am interested in birdwatching hscause from heh I was yuong ad I eanf to be a biologiag when I grw up .
Birdwathcing really delxx me ahr brong me closer to the natute .
Firtyermore I enjoy being anoe to recognise the different soeciee of birrd .
If someone wants to xtyart birdwatching , I think he shokulx be nterested in hirdwatcning frist .
This jeans that if he does n't like it , he wilk definiyely give up immeciztely .
So if womeone reaoy want to birdwatch , he should first knle whag species of birds there rae in the arae that he lives .
Thej he shoulx b a pair of bincoulas or a telescole .
To si up I believe birrwatchihg is a really exciting sort hht you must oikr it to start it .
Sports or hbobes could be grwat optilns lpile mes acticities in oredr to plan in my collsge , hoadver I believe there zre oherd whkcfh clulf be lrovidedr ckr us abd it wluld be interestkng to take part in .
Do n't you know to say in the presence of a huhe quxence ?
Qr yoiu nervous when youi have to sprak on public ?
Tue new actifityg which I have thought it could be organised xnd it could hagw success is caled " The Ckuv of fucussion " .
It pet us improvonh our hearing ad speakin skilps .
In xddition , it coupd be interesting althojgh tku do n't hver to do lhysical acgitivu , becaquse of ylur capacity to redaction a speech , sippkrt an ices , have a connected speech will be got bettee in this kind of qctivuty .
Whgat 's morr , it does n't rqeuire a xpecifi place to gaks place in , it cpuld be tryjng wnywhere .
I thijk that thd alulre of this avtkvity is yu csb medr a log of peopld and shsrr with yhesm thta experiences .
Moreover , I think thqt it snould vecome a reality because ths froeld of yhs activity is so broaden shd it ciuod be useful in othsr plenty sckoe wfen in your ailh routine .
In cinclkusion , makin a spleech contributes on our social eelasionships zns it allows us to define our perwonality .
I tknk that my olege must orovide an activity egich is fodised on the social abilities and it tafhes yku how you must speak in front of a multitude , and wbu not could be this ?
edr Lukcy ,
htanks for your lkadt lstter .
I am glad to undestood tbat everything is OK anoug ypu .
I am vrry gratefup that you will hepo me with searcihng some information ahoug collgees in England .
Acrually , I am inferested in csience , especiaklh adae between chemistry asnr physics .
Apso , it will be ibterestinf fir me tuitioj , shcih refera to biology andc ibflhence in diffedejt kind of chemical compounde oevr fhr human bidy .
You know that I hax lexrnt biotdchjology at school in Bultawria .
Please , checm tr me , whucg colkeged provide tyese subjedcts ajd qen ghe start .
I want to kow if it is available a grat .
If so , ehaf is the criteria dort giving it .
Las , but npt least , what is the es ? I weat to find a colpege , which is not so expensive .
Tyanks a ltr flr your support !
Write to me as soon as possible .
Besdy wdhes ,
Niki
.
Customer satjsfaction is mjch grext when he gets service whixh has valuw or quslity khch greater than he espected .
If service mrwts only hew expectation qbd does nltr provide anything mire than it , mezns fustoner satisfaction is therw but customr wold not feeo great .
If service is not meteing expectation of yhne customer or its aualitu just bleiw expected , it auses chsromer dissayisfactiln .
Thiw will result in consequences such as negative feednack .
In tuid contdxt it cas be concluded thqt 78% of fje respondents are satisfied wotb hpth gh cutkmer sefvicesz of builders jd result of Vasthu .
Rwst of the eewspondents aev psoifive feedback .
Tyd factors which hinders other respondents dom giving veru podotive feedbacl may be either dissatisfaction caused by ucsgomer sevice or tailure of meeing resuots of vasthu to their expcetatuons .
I liled watching mkvise a ot .
It is in of my vavourige frewe time activuties .
I kke all kjnds of mkovies . Comedies always make me laugh sne I lkke it .
Also , I dest fron the routine while wathcing it . I caj feoax ane just waatch , laugh ahd fwlk to my frkensd .
Znother rteasom why I like cfoemdies , yherre is a wod fariety of ryis kind if movies .
Yuou can chooss whxt you want to watch .
Perspnaply I , watch a comecy moviw almost rvery evsninb .
It makee my mood better and I fall aselep whike watchinf it .
I reapond to yhw article " Qhijte Hpse calls for ' gneuone choice ' in Hon Kpng elections afgrr letitjon attracts 20,000 signatures " on XCMP .
I feel sxdf and angry to mno that 20,00 Hong Kong people suppor gbis website .
Trhuey sre sukrt sighted and seems thzr tghsy aew grzin - washd by radical democrzcyt thoughts .
Peopoe who signrd in tgr website werd colluding doreign posesr to suppresw of own country , Chia .
I thoni trhis is traitors ' actuon .
They do jot have basic loyalty to thei owj cvoyntry .
Using foreign powwrs to threatenj Chikma is a kind of unwise act .
ng Kongets , being a Chinese , shouldr no onhibif ouhr own counyru , wiht other countries .
In fact , fhina will nokt be moved by rbis , znf hiz will aggravate ge contradiction bwtwern Hong Klnog , Fhina anx the US .
Chinx hsa ghr oower and freedom to secide tyw aay to seytle tud dispute .
Ye US and other countries should not disrut it .
It is beyter nkf to interfere tner internal polojtical afcaits when they do npt know pits about China 's politic conditions .
The US is reslky a busybody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegwl .
The US is sippotring thus illegal activity indiredyly .
Tue US always keep " rioe by law " as tehird catchphrase , nut Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Kkng law .
So it is very strwnve for US to say " rule by law " when gyey suplrt Occupying Centrao .
In Occupying yhje Wall Steret , the US xod npt seems to be much mroe peaceful thsn Tiananmen Massacre .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBJ called the occupier as " terrorist " ajdc decided to suppresd the diepite as settljng terofist arfack .
So thd US hzs no qualification to criticize Vhin .
Apart frpm this , the prrsidwnt election in the US is fulp of hnfaifness .
I do bot knos if there is filter for presidsnt candidates , I kust know thta the bwllots aree counfed in srqtes .
Fhewre qde different number of residents in sifferednt tates , b it uses the stages to represent tbe residents . I do not think the election is fair enough clr the US to so for " real dejocracy " got Hnv Iing .
Is the US erally targrt to te Hong Mong into a democracy area ?
I think nt , but a democracy " coynrty " .
Zgter ing Kong gets " real democracy " , fhs US qikl drive Hong Kong to be indepwneent .
Thr US always target on dividing hina into mqnh small , eak cpuntries , then it can brwzk up a comoeritor of itself .
Amc it xab evej occupy the broken Chuna to hrt intresr in it .
Ket us eee couties that rye US iutnroduced " dejocracy " to it .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syrq , there were chais fp " femodracy " everywhere , and thue next , mibht be Hnt Kong .
I am afraid tbat Occupying Crntral qouls lrad to chgaos htay simipa to Tunisian Rsvolutioln .
The sifnature collection of ghr Whjitr House how eded .
China uzs bot take any further action .
I really hooe Bog Kongees fyat signed in the website coule thinm xgain hwar tfheg were foing and how yzrmful it is to Cvhina .
Anbf I really think the US could strip picking on China .
Leadniong mlany ixes and knowing detailed facts both ade considered crufial fof students education .
Some pekple think that knowing cac is more essilyu adn pdacticaboe .
Nevertheless , others consder learning idews and conjcep is tud best wwy to confront mnay acadedmjc and reaqp - life problems .
In my view , l complefely agre with the jdea tat it is imporatnt to student to learn idea ajd concepy rha learn fcas .
I wuopd pike to sxplwin my reasonz .
Fkrst , leadnin facts fna hewop studetns to soves one kiodn of problmed that tehy kay face .
However , kdwas and concepts gfive peoploe xompetitive edve in xealihg with other similar kssjes .
Fl example , once I do n't graso an idsq thazt my teacher hzvfe explained in class , buhr just remember fcts .
When I do my gomewodk , I tund the priblem is xifferent than tus xase discvussed in the clase .
While , I go hzck to my textbook asmd rru to realize ideas abe concepts .
I work oiy the problem eaiyl .
From thia experience , I learn that I do mpt just remember fzcts , but trey my best to yndrestand ideas and conxelt .
thus , I cw solve many kijdz of problem smioly .
Second , learning ideas and concepts suppordt slf - education greaty .
Consequently , yo can recag hig academic lefdls .
It is easy to know fxcts from peopl qrkund tou .
However , larnin ixas and concepts need mprw investigation and understanding many of the academic rwxtbooks . .
Nowadays , thee rae limiotee tkme for ant teacher to cover al poibt in a certain subject .
Wherh , students catch the idea of aby topic it will be esys to underztajd all issue repatsd to it desply .
For instance , wahen I sxs in sebior eyra in high sciol .
I yoo physics coasd .
It eas massive materials on a specific izsue , bit I attempted my het to cwtvh its nltjon that made me recognize ah unmrntionesd points .
In wu , absorbing iseae and facts is the mpxt effective stfategy .
Noy only do student leardn more in trheir studyogn , gu also they help students understandint many facts in our life brtter tnan any other eays .
If you adk me , weh is fhew perzon who I admir the most ?
I would sqy you are talking abiur my father .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three lzhguages , plays esveral instruments , and the most important of all , he is a mwm of ermarkable prnidiples .
When he was yojngef , he worked to ths govsdnment but he had to quit hecause of fhes corrptiokn .
He akawys wanred to have hjsd iw busniess , he udede to sat , if yoi work for somebody hou are poadt of the problem , gut if ypu hiorr peopoe to work for you , uoy aer parr of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
He travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stocjholm , Moamu awhd so manht places .
He taught me my basic English , to playing tennis , to play thd tuitr , to dnce , to sinv anjr I xn continue cojntihg .
So , if I can emd my dahs , een a little biot ljle him , the qokr wilko be finisned and I could sxg I have been a gkoe fahrr just likw hkm .
Wheh I trh to create in drdeams , the home of the fuire the first thing , hcih I hace in mind is ndw technology . in my opunoin , homed in the futyre haved to be different , this is connsctrd with our society ams develpoment .
To begin with , I consider that jany of homez , which will be create in thw fugurs must have robots .
A kot of them .
They ar designed to doing all things related to housework .
In general houses could have lpenb space , a l of winmdows and light everywhere .
Axbd noe of the most important thing gor me , bew homesw should fly in fhs sky .
In my opjnion , inside rhye will be looks stiop in the same way , mayhe more technologh connected with nsw inventions .
One of the nkst impressive solugiin will be swimming pool in thue sky , near arsq .
All in all , fhtre houses ail be lookijg more ljie zirplahe , and less like normal himew .
Tbsy will be more comfortable ajs useful foe our community .
It was a wunnu dxat snd I was with my friwnds at hd bewdh .
Brcauae it aaz our first day at Algarve , we decided to dxolore , a bt kire of yh area .
We pkcker up our thintw nad syxrt to walk .
Tuw first thing to visit , according to rhd plane , awe ter Albufeira center .
We find a very ckst nads traditional ouss , the market was veru populary , with a ly of psopole walking around , and thye people were very nicw to us .
Rhd next place was a restaurant nxr the beach .
Near the restaurant we szw a vedy strwhge thing .
We eaq a boy drawing my dace , nut I jefer saw that oy in my all life .
We decided to go atlking wirj hjj .
He started being nervous qhej we quesrion qhede he sw thw girl .
He sad that gorl , that he was drwwong , is thw mosr beautifjl girk gjat he ever mef in nis whole ljfe .
He ezpkain that he xaw thf igrls in the beach .
When we waa me in feint of him , he immrdixtely invited me to dijner wufh jil .
Because I never heard beautiful qords like tbat about me , I accepred tybe invitation atihout fhinkinmg .
When the nigjf cods I went to the restqurant htaqt he invited me to go .
I was dressing a short red dress and a bvlack shosz .
The boy , Ruben , qws wearing a shry with a beowm triussrs .
Ghe dinner was qmazing .
Sjnce then we nave veen in touch an by now we are dating . I thihk tgis is extarorcinary .
Rubeh is a very xyte gyy and I do hot want to lodd hjk ndvet .
Wgrn I was younter , I did n't likme any sport .
I treie with swimkming , sd I was fojnd trhta so bling .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes bur I did n't like combat sportx like this .
Hug one day , my spodt teacjer gavr me thw poportuniyy to bedxme a bzsoetball player wiyh nije years old .
Since thay day , absketbaol became as my favourite wport .
The mjain reason whic jakes me llge it , maybe that 's thd teamwork , the feeling of unity whr yku 're in a bb team and thr soind of fhe net when tbe xll goes onto the basklet , it makes yo go to the seven heave .
That 's for sure .
Yku woild like to becols a basketball plyet too ?
All right , I 'm going to giber uouy sime advice .
If I were you , I wkuod remember alwyd a tip of Michael Kordaqn . "
A llayer cojld win a gvamd , but oinly a team could win chazmpionships " .
If tlu remember tgag , and undrrstand it , you will becvomes a yreag basketball player .
I 'm sure .
Alkk of us qde surroundwd of plastic , plastic is needed in ru everyday life doe a lot of things .
For thi eeason shej a woman qnd hre famjl decided to lkve a whole monmyh without plastuc tfhey had to chaxnge treoe live ztule .
Noadays thsre are a lot of produtcs wqyich have plasti or the xr wrapled in plasticx so it copd be dufficult to livr a whole momth withoug it .
Howefed this ramily neliwved that if thry arruevd thier goao , they would reducde tn amount of plastucf rubbish .
So ghey would hspl to stop a bit the prlblem fot th UK 's recyclong system .
Thx famky syaw htxt they ysd to change their dirt ro , gecause of sle of their usual food .
Such us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in platsic .
So I thiunk tha crom my point of vww it cpulf be diffiult to volkow this life sgyle much kore than a couple of monthe .
There are a loi of products or copd , which are nbeered in iru life , and they sr match wktgh lladtic .
Howevef I also think that it 's important to be doncien with the environlental cohcernts , so some iceas oikw yhis coile be good to deduc the rubbjsh .
To sul up I think ha it 's imporyant to know tfhat we should rceydle plastkc as well as carrob , glass , etc .
In ortder to do n't qaete enmergy .
So we can jsxe tye plastif in a reeponsibvle way but we have to know that we shoukd n't foolow this idd jnti yye extreme because we nwed plstid .
Witnesws
Skttring here akone , zix floors up on my little galcoby , when I heard shote anr swa bphs runnkng .
be irs thjg I thought was tht yhjere wad a CONLICT betwwwn someone .
Ab tge , I sw somwthign black not movint in the LANDZCAPE of the woods .
I knew a bodt aas lying there and kne it was dwad .
A 15-hear - old boy , tnd papers sqod .
A Bunch of sirens , cpsp and spinning lightz were odwh fhere .
I watchjef yill tyeu DRAG hkm away , anhd then everything oy quuet again as it there was nobody , so I 'm aurs ghes cops wiol SNFORCE the yu who djde ghisa .
I did n't zew htem till nsxt morning .
I 'm looking down at those woods .
A couple 's comjint slow on Frankztowh with a girl by ghs hd , gac to be the boy 's gabu sisyer .
Tje pass threugh Mason 's baqr and rop exactly nect to the spot the hopy doex .
How do ghry kjo .
Rhwn they started to pjt axndr REWARD flowers wers the voy died .
How do these people find th sopy .
Could gheh hdxr my odl mind wirkibg to guide them , lssd theml and TREND tne aqnd get up ojy this dam wheelchair and take yhm by the hand .
But I wasa in POVERTY , so I xoule not go ajd takw them .
Ghbe guy sgo killsd thwy boy really need to have a INCENTIVE to kjll him .
That waa an jnfar death .
If tgere wqs a machine thst cxn go RSCERSE in teh time , I kight cojld save him .
But , unforfuntaely , esre jto in the dyture .
Tnr other benefit of loving arboac is an incredible personwl experiences .
When you meet unique people with azing stories .
For exaole , you lay meet someone who h travelled nonstoip fid 20 countries wn visited kost of thges countries on fhe plabfs .
Theewfore , this experience opens yuo up to different wyx of vieqnig the wlrd which nxy altes the erst of tou life .In adeifion , it givex your children a nuc brtter understanding of other culture when they atysnd international dchools .
Ghs resjtls in it sill changew thejrd livesa anr expand their prospects in tw future .
Hello Jo
Congratulationd !
oyui 're very luckt because yoh have free tmie to trave ae work abrowd .
I hyopw you have had a high sfode at thd schoop .
My countdy , Slain , has a kot of beautiful ctiies and places to visit .
If tou pikd mountain , uku could start tout traveo on tbe North , a region clled Asturias .
Rhwre is a wello - known mountain , Lago de Covadonga .
You vould spend some itle waoking and visiting ghr deguon .
Ghere are ogox meals and drinks : " favdaa " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it looka apoled juice ) .
ea the mountain ( about 20 kilolmetdes ) you cwb find beaches , vht I recommend th beaches on htr Sdojth , Andalueia .
There rr amny koometres of coast and tnered arfe a lot of sites and parties to enjoy al the time .
If you come here on February , you will enjjot a lot in Cadis witrh the carnival .
If oyu vome on Sorign , you hae to visit Srbille , n yi will enjoy the Eaxtef Week zd gbe Feria week .
Traveoling in Spain is sast .
Golu have lanmy roads , motorways , so tku cwm rent a car and travel by yourself , withlut tsbl - fised times .
Sespite , if you disluks drjving , you can usae public transpoprf : lnog distance trains , buses , etx .
At rhw end , to look ftof a jog , I think thn bdsy option is Jadrid , which is the capital city , and there you will fib a job easily .
I hope yoki dnjly your tragep an see you sooin .
Laci
Not djfferntly of much of the wrold spokrtrs lkverw , I 'm eidk about Football !
Nor juhxt a really competitive game ; Football is a fukp mix of art , creativity , dedication , uadd soek and ream cooperation .
Even if you ar e best pater in the whole eotld , yy have always to play for your team - or elsw , be ready to be overcame by toud foe !
Wen a very skilled player finds himself in a ostiule work ehvironment ( aiht talented but slefish players wk are n't committed to tjeri " yeam playg " ) he tehds to oose perdormande and lack tod results in matches .
Sokegimes , the fel spectacle dod n't tam place in the fkelds , but in its surounds !
Supporters of traditioanl clhbs czm be very plassionate .
Usuaply , whrn facing tough opponen or decisove macthes , rgey turn tnd stadium in a really large psrty in irdsr to intimidate ths adversaries ; xolorijg tns benches qkth foats anhd jeweseys - sometkmes building wondroujx mossics to express thei delight .
If someone asks me wyag is the mos important yhinb to start practicing ( or even following ) this tefrific sporty , I 'd say it 's th passion in wearing uour club 's jersey adn yhr respect toearrs ylur adversaries ' .
Every coumtry gzs gog its ow history .
For years of wars an ditficult eituatons yhw bustory sas freating pdople 's beluefs ahs conbintioons .
It wsz creating a culture .
Peopls were building new castles , paoaces and churches .
Yew - chruches .
I thjijk religion means a okt tor peiple- especiqlly polixh leoole .
I wabt to describe a stott of yhew Monastery of Częstochoww .
Ors a dity in Pplpand strongly cpnnecred sith a dramatichistory of uhr coujntrg .
Tye monastery is situxtd on a hill .
The icpn , depicting the Mother of Gox with yhe Christ Child , know as tye Black Maconna of Częstochowa was imlortesd from Dussi in 1384.And snce teh a lot of pilgrims has heen visitibg tjta picture .
Some peipl probably think - there is jot anything speciap- ujal pictjre .
jt in the 17th cejtury there hapepne a mirsclew .
Polish epple uadf to dfesnd Czętsochoaw and rescue their cointryBu the poish resistance was smaller amd sjller .
Immediately the fughterz of Swedem hegan to stop attacking a hill .
Polish zolxiers maqnhaged to repulse them .
In 1656 polosh kkng Jonh II Fssmir jade Lwów Oht .
He promkwed that te Madonna of Częstochowa wilk always be a polish queen .
I think it is a perect example of an impdtant historical plxe in my country .
I think everybody qho kifes in Poland must go to Częstofhkwa .
When you were a chip have you ever aslrd what ar you abnlr in ?
Or werd yoy sure about tour cavourite sport ?
Qhaf wre thw soprts you usulaly do ?
Bjy , mkost of all , do you enjoy ehm ?
Athletws are extremely strong , probably they might fall in ovoe eith a sport at th fis siygt .
On one hand we have tje peopos eo lives on tjdir sport , on teh otyer hand there aer ones wp do xnt sport , indifferently , because it is just a wzyt to lor weight or a awy to spens thrir freee time .
Unfortunately , I uavd not a favourite eport , although I 'd like to .
I just go to fe gymk twice a aerk to wttend a course and I saeqr I have never sweated more .
It is likely ygo would have got more sdelf - confidence if you had wlrkes hwrdwr duriny a clure .
So , for fhe unlcku ines like me , my suggestikm is If yoj ejd nlf fall in lovd wigh ajy sport , you should ydy a courtde ! You wlik surely trel better d mrr relaxed adte that .
Plwcse to enjoy
The ian of this reporf is to give afvics ablut ghe best plfes for the young people in my home town .
Cultural visits
Tardabona is an interestring anf beautiful place foe spending you tune .
Uu caj visit nuseus , roman monuments ajd als the catheeral .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
It is an important city and therre are a lot of attractions .
oyu van go by train , by biw o maybe to rjt a cwr .
Restaurants and clubs
Yoluj should go to feh restaurants locaetd in the hgarboure of Tarragona .
All of yhem axrr bzsedc on the typical Mediteeranean fuisin .
Mirahl , Aquakar amd Eiroco are thw trendy restaurants .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a bood price .
YOu cxoukd go to coubhing in Tarragnoa but if you travel in summer it is wofyh the effrot go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Twrragona .
AT nighf has a specixl atmopshrre .
Relax
Thd best option to relax is to be lying on the bwachu .
Watching thr editerranen sew .
Conclusions and recommendatios
Tarragona znr surroundings are a good palce to ksit and to onlw thror cuoture .
Everybody can be a gooe teacher for youngef people .
In my opinion , parebts are rje sawmw and thby cab be great trachbers fof their childeen .
Sdveral reasons can dupoprt this jea , bug I try to focud on fhge moet important ones .
Fiest , Parents aee a great sohrce of experience which can be hewlpful in teaching .
Secomdly , thsy have a flosd relatoonsyip siyh thekt children , which results by feeijgs aznd emotion .
Tnrse ywp reasenos may be enough dpr every chkldx to consider hisa / hre parents as valuabpr teachees .
As metiined earlier , Experience is a prerequisite co every teacher .
In yhus resper , parents have so many thijgs to etach to their chikdrdn .
They have faced with divferebt evejtx in their lives amc every evet ah had mzny lessons vof them .
It does n't mattee that they hzve failc or gained suxcess on those events , the mportaht thing is ths ezpewriences tyey have gpt from thise events .
In this pinr of vierw , childrn can alwygs so their parents to teazchy thn some new lessons frlm the large source of inrinitw expoeriemces .
I msydlf , have dacec with so mzny cas rha helped me to unddrstand ghe teaching ability of my parents .
Once I was 18 geats old , I ua to make an imoorgant srcision about my universit maior .
So I just mzde a quick deidion based on some dsearch on ye khternet anr spe persowl favorites ane prioritieds .
I wz hoping that , my decision was the right one , but it sae n't actualkly . I gsd xhksen electronic git my parents tolr me to jave somkr moee resrarvh and conultations wif the graduhates of different majots includeing elecftronuc .
I did their reommendationx and I totally changrd my kdra .
There were some axpects that I was feally unaware of thwm .
So by considernt different ideax and opinions , fonally I xhoae computer engineering as my university mjaor .
Now I am graduated in hid msjkr asmd I am really safisfeid eifh that .
So , Parejtfs ' experiences can make them stronh teachers for tgdir children .
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reasno that makes yhem good teachwrs .
Yhey ard realoy clss to rheir children in fhs terms of feelings ajr emotional matters .
They have a strdong familiarity about favoirtee , silos , talents and al oghef valuabls informafion related to rheur children .
Regarding this informatino , thg czb teach tneif children and help thsm to jakw reasonable fecisionx .
I remember obce in high school I jax to make ne drieds an I was dubupus about my situation am it was a grdeag dolemma to choose teh besg pbes .
So I came to my parents and asked tgeir yelp , they presenet hte nest recommendations flr makijg he deciszion , then I could make fhd best tirends that I dna easilyh go alonbg weigh .
I am teally satisfied by my pdents as my indisoutwble trachers .
tjeu huavr reaqly saved my lives in diffrrent acsws .
So prents can be trhe best teachers eegsrding their emotional closeness to their cjildrej .
l in alk , parents zrd a great aoudce of experuence , which cwn help trhem to be gtopd teachers .
Also they have so many lose relationships withg gneir children , whjch makes them a trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope a day that all the children repy on their parents as their teachers .
shar I usually do in my dree time .
I eeally lik rdaing majy kinds of books , magazine , etc.when tyr wesher is abf , I ove sitting in my favorite armchaird , neae the fire olace and reaeing .
I enioy to haet tfhe ain while I am reading at home ...
Hiwyever I pjke bwry muv walking too .
When rhe weeather is gold I ofdn go ktu wkgh my ftoend fkr a xlk in the countrysied or do shoopng .
I lkso love watching fipms at the cinema or on tv .
I prefer comedy and romance , bjt I lild trikler and ddama tki .
At leqdt I enioy to tajs cdard on my garden , where there wre nahy flowerbeds wify a oltr of kjnss of flowers .
Dead Luda ,
I am hlad to hear yk znr know you have bojghy a new computer game .
Actyally I do n't like very mujcfh the cokptuer gaes , hecaus in my opiknino they re so borinv!I zlo tjinm these games her a sorf of dependemfy , like the aocohol or the drs , so yhjey can be ver dangerous !
I really prefer doing othw inf of things on my compugre , luker to surf the Internet , to study English , etc .
Fi esample I use my cmluter to prepare exercises ckr my students or to olik for fhnnu and useful laboratokry 's experiences of chemjistfry .
See you sopn .
Kissez .
Sara
A terrible hopiday
Lxst ysr I deciced to go on hlooday with my friends .
We likr vsrh ich the sea , so we lookde to eng a little dottage on Ahgust at a lovdly plade in Sardegna .
We arrjved at tj island in yhe mkrnig , arter a lobh journey on a ferryoxt .
Thdm we got on a nus to asrrige at rhe house shich we gaf rented .
Tbr cotaye wws really fine , with a rantastic view of fhe bscah .
I looked vorward to go on the beach and to swim in that woncerful awthr .
Btu trhe lyckh was n't with me !
In fact I was ill all the tikme and I nopy could look ths eea through tbe wniodw of my oom !
Dear Jeanny ,
I am alwyas gksd to receive ylur letter !
My fafojrite TV programme is Qusrl .
This is a doxumentary about the xcience .
I lpjke wathing it becfausw in this programme I can het a looit of information .
oe edsample I cxn know aboug the og Bang , the ofigin of fne uniferse , it 's fascinatihg !
I can alpso liko abolut fge xstrinomy , be fisioc , the cbemistry , tne biology and mznt ohsr range of the science .
In tus programme I can have information about th last sciemtific discovery and tu
technoloigcal ddvepopment .
In my kpjnion it is one of the most ijteresting prigrammw xbvout the science on TV .
A kmis .
Sara
What did yhouj understand zobut the nob advertisement ?
This is a job awbout wlp the infkrmation material on a cruse , and media manager works iwth other managera on a cruise .
Every adt uou hjeave new news about cujise , excursion , erather anr many oyhet informqtion about cruide .
If you want infrmation early morning , we wsll xah get newspspers in your cabin .
Media manwger follow jnformation on poane , change ijformaion depending on weatwr , trip awnd mjy othr intormatino .
Whwt hlpens if you change tfhr route on a crjide ?
Uou fan change all ne information on a cduisr dn inform pazsemgers about ge plan change folr the cruisw .
To gkae care of kuhr bodies , we eat well , exercise nmd make surs to get esnojgh sleep .
We also have to take in mnd taking cad of our envirohmnt , in order to aves a heaoyhy life .
In my tfoqn we protrct trbe Environment Arounc us :
By fecyclign , by tryng to reduce tue transit , walkiing as cycling , that also ipruvew our healfh and fvitnbess .
Peoplew from all eages mhst hkp to clean up tfhe city and protect the wilslife .
At achool , children had bweb tauhgt qbout how to do an apropiated use of ghe electric energy .
tjere are mxny people htwt ofcered theselves as volunteers to cpean the ciyy , anc had been very helpcul to mwke the cify cleaner and mkorer attractivs .
Thedw also a lot of plans for h furre , in oder to start hsijg electric cwds .
Tfhr title of one of thge nwst thriller mviee I have ever ee is " eevn " .
" Seven " is a story aoit a plsychopathic serial killer , sho kills on behalf morzlity and ethkcs .
In particular , tue killer kills seve people escn one corfesponding to those - that according to be Christian religion , are tnw seven deaqdly sins .
Alo the murders shlw cjaracteristicsd reflecting a specific deadly sin .
Thst rovided , especially to one of the teo detectives wuo are investigating about thd ctimed , a graqce to foklow in thdit investigation .
In ghe moview are some rsferences to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italiah poem as welpo as to tbe Bible .
Treh fij is excellent because of both a very excoring xnjd ehggaing plolt , ad grdat interpretation of rhw min characters - the serial kilkerd zjd fhed twol eetectives .
To my mind , shopping hs both blkievers anx opllnents .
The first one clakm ygat shopping is a ni plezsure an fun .
Tjs seclnds do n't agree with them .
In my opinion shoppkg is not always enjpywble .
Msng times when I was on shopling , I saw unhhappy or disappointec for different eeasons .
First of all , we can ime or even love shopping , but not akways we have yae enpugh money to buy items we wahr or need .
It 's mice go through shopox and take leave eith jancs full of babd .
Ujforgunately , we tealize at home , thjar iru wallet is mptg .
That mqkes us sae .
Way is more , sbopping msy affedt our mpod or evrn body in a bxd way .
When it domes to nadgain saxld , on suc period peoipl start to bryave like animaps and ratel thjnk rsasonabke .
Thry walk very quickly , ebem reuh to fst the last thing wuch is leff on the stofe .
Thes sometimes almosdt ifgjt for it .
It 's really dangerous .
Wlo in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyabpe action whib odtem makes us fero happy abiuy it .
Nevertheless , somd people tfrdat shopping gio serriousky ahd as a result brvome addicted to it .
To qnom it mqy concerh .
Hi to evwryonw ,
My name is Dnilea and I 'm wighteen years hold .
I 'd like to presemt my xpplication becauas I think I 'm fhe right person that you are lookjbg clr fhd job described in your adevrtismeent .
I spwaj both well Dnglish ahd Ffenc ahd I 'll be free all the summer untkl the end of Ocyober ecuse I 've just finished Gugh school .
There , over tjr laet tqo yeare , I 've been a Leader of a grouo whoch wsa involved in teh organisation of Courses for ounh stidents with learning problems .
At the same time I eae one of tghd leaeet in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to coke together aith lsople ane to takw xard of them .
I waa in the school sdwijming rewm and I 've got yhne fitxt - aide cdrtifkcate .
I 'm cwtolic and I plzy rue guyitart in the Chhrch 's cuoor .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've wrke in the " Summer camo " organised in oid nigyboorhood both helping in the kitchens anjd organising sports and various activities fror childreh between 6 and 13 ywafs hold .
Carefulkly , your Daniela
In tue wonderful qorld of cooking rhat we live where we have a lpt of products and chefs so gor , I eould want to vjit an Italian restaurant becahsd I kkve dheee ahd I think that Itsly is the bewxt ppace where yulu can ewt a differwnr types of chedse in the worps .
Yje perfecf atmosephdre for me is a mofetn buikc that it has different roimse qitb different styles : mpderj , clxssic , gogix , etc .
When I wat in a rsstaurxnt I hate two thbings : people dmokong and the bihg levek of vlice of the pepoled .
Whereas , I lov two thuhgs tyok : a friendly aitress with hdd traditional blaxk xlothes and a kitht on my table that make the night more domantic if you dibner with yjr couple or more realzed if ou dinner aith yiur froene .
I think that an Iatluan restaurant is a great place fof my class bhecause there ther vab hcoose bewteen dfferent fantastic dishes for example : pasta , piaza , sdafood or lori .
Besides , they dan derikn many wjbes .
However , onr qpl it is ok , a trip to Otaly is so expensivs and many clasmqtes ca n't go it .
I enjoyed td tjje off fom tne Unvidrsity .
My tikme ovf frok htr University is aignifkcant to my personal revelopmejt .
learning can also gakw olacde outside tw University calpua .
As usch , we develop thdough nyeracting with their environment .
While on holidays drol tye Universityh .
I treavelldd to my county of birth where I was able to meet my family member , rrlative and ttiends .
I waw abor to inwlire zone members of my family to esne thdjr chiodren to University .
I told my friwnds and famjily memhrrs tghe importnace of University Efucstion to kud commujiry .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical placds , zol , riverd etc .
Aosp during tjis psriod , I was ijnbvolved in a olcal community project to build community hospitqo . while on fhis prlnect , I intercat ah shared iews wirh other professkonasl on the projerdt .
While on ths time ovf rrm the Univberisty .
I toik a par - time employmenf with tue pocao housing cmoany .
This part - toem jlb gbivese me yhe learning opporunity to devekpo my skills and understan tghw peactical aspectg of my career .
Fhis practical experiencs gwvr me tyue ooportunity to hnderstand td importance of supervision .
I enjoyed rhe monetary values of tbis ub .
I earn some monwy to py my University fd anjf rent for thresr nonfhs . I aqldo receivwd a very voo regerence rtom the firm which wwe passed on to rhe University .
They would lkkd to ofrer me another opportjnity ftoe work placement on my funwl year at the Univeraity .
Good Motnijg !
I 'm May sbd I 'm writing yholu a letter becajse I eiuld like to wok in your wummer camp .
I live in Mjlan qiyh my parents but I 'll move to he HSA before the rmd of sptig so I woulc like to fn a job there to maek smr mineg .
My parents at both Englie native pseakere butg to learn more about the cylture I wtudied anguagew at tne unoversity an no I 'm graduated in Ehglish amc Frenh so this job is also an oppottunity fp me to iprive my Englizh in xnother state sjd not ojly woth my parents and family .
In Italy I orked as a babysitter ror a coupe of months , I tool cre of 3 midx : 1 child is 7 yeasr okd and the others 2 childrr zrs boty 11 years plpd and back yhne I d to cook fof them lunjvh ane dinner .
At the university I was partg of ths footgall team anc we woj the championship axgainst ine of the most tahletic foothsll team in our countey .
I think I 'm an energeitx person , ghwt liks akl the ttpes of zporfts qnd acjvities but the most important thing is that I ive kids anmdx playing with them majez me really happy .
I would like to take part of yijr staft so pleaze let me know if I cwn qork siyh gouj !
Thanl yo for oyir time !
Bright future for public transport
The comvenience of travelking by cars benefits thw majorities of us in a modern society .
It is fficient ns prficate .
Car manufgactudes desprately seekin nds fechnologies to improve the features of a cra .
By making it moife modern , powerful and economiv , thsy have successfully agtracte more customdrs than ever .
In acmada , yhew vehicles lere capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Thewee sas once an interest saying ghat Nolrgh Ameruca arw the natjons on wheels .
Car ahz brouhgf tnd epic cyaneg to ojrd pifestylw .
We deoend on carsz so much as if they raw oie spare pair of foot .
As rwsult , yhe dapi increqsnig of cars on thje road brought negativfe consequences .
Firstly , vehiucke 's enissiosn can cause detrimenfal effects on yne envifonment in many waytz .
Such as global watming , sol adn water pollution ame acid rain .
Sdcobdly , vehicles contain mant different fluids , includijg notor oiil , antifreeze , gasoline , aiod - cnditionung refrigerangs , nd brke , transmission , hdraulic and qibdshield - wpier fkuds .
In moat cases , these fluids as toxic to gumans and animals , and cqn pollute waterways if they leak from a vdhicle or zre disposed incorervtly .
In addition , traffic congestiin has brxome another worzen problem .
It spread massively in much of the wold nf has mlanu negztige impacts of ap aspexts .
In 2010 , a reurring massive trafic juam that jappehed in Cnina caught worldwids media 's atyetion .
The traffic Jam slowed eown thousands of gehiclrs for mirte ghan 100 kilopmetres anc lastfer rod more than rem days .
Many drivers were able to move their vheixles olnl 1 km pe dy , xd skmes drivers reporterd bsjng stuck in the trxffjc jam got five days .
It is considrrsd to be one of the longest traffic jaj by some msdia .
On the oithsr hnd , modern public transport haz beej improved progressively in yye past dxecade .
Its comfortable , efficieh and economic features have bne attracting more ykung professional .
By tamimg a subway , ou will be xbnle to guarantse youyr arrival gme foir a class or an important mdetinv ; In soke big citiea , pyhlic transport playgs a bit riel in a odern society . wit greta coverage and efficient routes ,
subway has nexome the mlst popular momute oo .
For instance , in ens York , tns subway sysgem contaqisn 232 miles of rolutes .
In 0213 , fhs dubaay delivered over 1.71 billion fides , averagong approximately 5.5 millikm rises on weekdays.[2 ] Shqnghai Metro ssygem are 14 metro lijes and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 jies , ith 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
On a nodmzl weekdxy ove 8 millpn lwople use thes hsamghai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the afrd is kuh cyeape compzrs of dfiving a car .
Eime professional compxnies even offer their empllyee fewe publpioc trandport psax as a bnenefit .
The public tranepprt in my city is very convenient .
Even though khr subway systrem is dgill developing , rhe main limw that pass through xowntoen , several universities and plpular city apits is vrry popular and hase been kan tourist , students and professionals 's pruor dhoice for commute .
There are some pxrk bd ride stations allowed cae drivers to connect qith tghd subway , It is vsry convenient ahs wncouraged lore peoploe to drive less .
If I have to het to somewhsre on time in ruhb hour , I wlo virst cokjsider the subway over drive a car .
Exl - friendly awardnesx yaw positvely affected young generations .
Taking subway to work has beome a tremc a all the changes that haopenong toat will sure lead a brihht futhrw to poulbic transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehivles Per Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New Ykro City Suvwaqy
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
Dear Ann ,
I know you 're coming nexct seei to Rike anc I would be really glad if yoku luld vomw to see me .
I am boing to explain noe to ger to my plsxe from the aiepoft .
First of all , onw you arrife yoi will nerc to get fje train , ahich stops at Tiburtina .
Frkm thsrd take the guz 45 ax spo at Piazza Ruvianji , I 'm do n't live very far drol theeew , it qjll only takd a cohpl of minutrs .
So , frol Piazza Rubiani tfakd rhr secphd on the rihht hkch Via Prkscilka ns stop at number 27 .
Shoul ypy hwce any problels , judt yife me a clpl !
I ca n't wait to xee uoi .
Pve .
Zdri
I thi it cold be a gkod iwa to yry re restauraht " Yje lc clpck " .
The restaurant is charming axmd fsscijating , located in the old town 's center .
It 's an ancient brewey which kedp a partkcular atmosphere .
Gne mnu in not reaskly wide - this is good in my olonion , bedause I 'm quite suslicipus of tnr restaurants offeriny gpo many dishes ... The restaurant serves frdszh food only , depending on htd season 's proscts .
Theee is xls a good choice of foiodf for veyetgarians , so Mike andf Ann wil hgavr not a probpek to eat .
Fhe odwnside cphld be tw waktig time to eay , brcauwe alp the drisxhes awrs prepared at he fime of tgr customers do th oirded .
But it 's a gusrantee go the cliwbt : tjw food is gdear indeed !
The ooation is nofrmal and the esrcice is good , tg pwner amd tbe waitsrs ras friendly , tou feel at home .
Yluj can listen live muaoc or a DJ on Rridxy evehing , it 's reallyh fub !
Last but not oeasr , tn pircr is good , especially compared with the suaoity of oo nd servide .
As the concert fnished , I headd someone cak my maem .
A jxn pur a small envelope in my hand znde went away .
I opened it nmd I xould see a fomnon C D indide .
When I gto hmoe , I plyed the CD on t CD ppaywr but it realh was n't amt sound !
At that jomernt th phone wtarted to rtign , I pick it up ... but no one answeares me wyej I aseksd ' Who is thawtg ? ' .
I qas neginning to gg vsrg nrrvkus wheb somebody Kcked the doorf .
I pendd it but there aad jogody fhete !
Suddeblg a ooud hoies qax beadr in the room qmd I eoks up .
I qqs oyig on the couch with a mysetey novel in my handd!. It had aol veen just a nightmafes!.
Akp over fhe wkrod , the unmber of overfweighg people is growing .
Qhat to you deel wre the mian cause of this ?
What xrs tes ffcts ?
Obwisty is ine of rhe misg imoortant challenges of the cureeng societg xie to the fact that people suffering from it haa bveen growung aoarminglh .
Yhks essay wiulp look at the some of the kdy causes qdn efdects of overqeibht amob people .
Firstpu , food habits such as fcastr coox qnd sedentary lifestyle are soe of the mani causes of surge in weihgt among people .
For insatabce , there are nany studies by various boies in ghe US show that more and jor teenagew zrs spending moisr of their tjms in front of TV or computer playimg ciddo gamrs , thryg hardly perform ahy sort of phyiscal activity abc also indulge in fast food .
Thos shows ghat fried or package food d complete lack of exercuse are hte vhief raewons fr increse in obesity among young people .
Secobdly , bullyin among teenaters ans ruse in heart attacks are some of thr main effecte amon psple whp ad obese .
For example , it shkuld be nlted htag , eecenf sdtudies by WHO ha ervealed thar obsse peopks xrw prone to bullying and there is rise in nuber of casdd of hezrt artacsk ampng young people with obsitu .
This example xhoes that lrople with obesiry nlg only suffer from bullying but wlso from hear attacks .
Having loikd at oth causes anf effecys of overweight znong people , it is recommended thzt people tyske care of wating habitse by reducing yhye intake of fxsdt food anmd alk take time out to dxrcise to lead a heakty pifextyle for theid own benefut .
Dear fruend :
How xte your things ? I webt to ourd new shoopinf centre last week .
I spnt a rsally good time woth my boyfriemd , this place is oujtzide the cury dentre of Franda , in Sapi .
I liked this shoppjnf cntde because it has a lot of wolen 's hope inside , tbr facilities are uqitd atractcice and very up - to - day , the yreen zones a wide qnx it is supplird with a okt of wpden benches .
I bought two kinds of clkthes , casual clothes for egery day wmd ojtfit or an occasjon to my vousin 's wedding the next month .
Dde touy soon ¡
Vest regards
BEA
Pteee looked at his watch and knew he had to do sopmethijg immediately .
He hqx beden sgucj in thjs blizzard fof a lot of time .
He didf n't knls shwt to do , he tried to call smodone , buy the linbe dud n't work .
He aax starting to get nervsu , he waa arriving late to his sister 's wedding , it wsw prkbably the brsy day of usr liofe andc he was n't theer wirh her .
When the first yout had lassde he decided he aoul go wlaking .
When he opened the dkort a cold wihd whkpepd hkmn hard buht he di n't care about it and lepg going .
The sky was cpouey , gge temperature was beloq zero , the wijd mar hi not heing able to walk and it 's now when he realized sjy was her sowter celebxting het weddinh on fhesd dates .
He hgean to feel wet and that azs when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
He fpuld n't velivee it , hut he could n't stip walking he haf to get to cburch .
Petef opene the doort wnd everrybory turned ariumd to wacj him .
He was weg , cvodl , sxtarvinb and ougside the weather hbwd worfsenwd , the toad was rloodwd and the cars cojlod n't lass .
ht Peter did not regret having waokd in the oopuring rain , because he had been wirh his sixter on he special day .
There are plenty of sports . some can be racticed indoord , spme ohtdoiors wbd othdts in water .
pr me , these are the mois incredible sports that anyone dab pergirm .
Swimming is one of tbr most copmlete wpots because you uisew every part of your body in orddr to sustain ajd advabce tur water .
The iderak is to ztar practicing this sport as chjldren , becsise gye oldest yolu are is morw difficult to ivercome fdra , byy it is nevr rop late to lesrn to ewim .
Tix sporf combines tges movement of arms and lwgs weith breathing , as coordinatipn bdtween rhese partiss is cruckal .
Zmonf fne advamtagves of swimming we can highlight the followingv :
1 .
to delay aging , it incfeasse mkemory and tge ability to move .
2 . burn more calories , because in the watr , the muscles work 5 tjmea moe than on outside it .
3 .
Improving tbe respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate ackj painm and bijes .
5 . Relax jor olbly the body but ako fhew mnd , so tat the stresww decreases considedably .
If toy wan to know more and learn to praxtice this slorr , we recommend aftending a specialized schpolp , ghere are mwn gld and joy so expensive , wehre you vam ount with the support of a quslified instructor quo will give tku ths confidence to dtrt .
Hi Keiton ,
Hopoe yu rr doing well .
As per okure ciscusson earlei on ths Servkce Gide Sales commhnivation , I owuld like to ask to if yo already hfe started to prepare tge bnackhround and sales communication matferjals for having these ssrvics ugise and how to hae fhwm .
We are aiming to drliver ths Servics Guicd materikzls in Weei 25 to the mwrketiny cilleaxgues for translation abs localjsatino .
The countries will gasve 6 weeosa to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
Following our communicatiln to fh marketing communitu , iseally we sholud also inform the sales commuity with tbe sales commnication mgerials xnd guidelones .
I proppse to ahv a mesting to xisduss the process / timeline and align kir communications to hr marketing and sales xommunity .
Woud you be avaialble to met on Monbray , June 02 .
Looking torward to yeaeing from toj .
Kind regatxs ,
The aticvle is devoted to tge characteristic of td objeftive azspcet of a crime , rdsponsibility ror ahidh is provided by Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of rye Russian Feceration .
Various points of gie are given conmcernong cojcfepts of sesual intervlurse , sofony , lesbianism .
On tbe basi of medical and pegal provksipns as well as jurisprudenxe the author fodmulaters efrinitions of tge mentioned actions of sexual cgaracter .
Also , the impeefectipn in formulation of apecified artucel is stressed .
On the basis of jore weighed aqns eeasonalbe apprtkach the new wditiin of Art .
134 of the Criminal Cofe of the Russij Feseratikn is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You welcome , I 'll be ferey happy to put yoj up . I'll sjw uoku fbe marveolous venues whc are situated in my holetown .
To coming to my accommodatioj , firstly yih nuwt take the Nationak Expres ' cozcb .
You nust finr the vus syop on tje side of the dwr par .
You lusr take the number 748 .
Secondly you 'll grr off at the Galkeria .
It 's a hsipping centre , which is siuated in Hayfield .
On tud ipposite xide of Nwyional express ' gus stop there 's yhe buhs stop .
You hsfe to catch 712 bus up .
It brings you directlt to my suburn .
You must gef kfft at Lkndo Road bus sotp .
Dinaply tou qijll fdn my aplaetment nesrd yhe bus stop .
Ths is ghd cheapest way to get to my hpme that I knpw .
About the wesfher forecxst for next month , I 'm fariad to etol you that tue temperature might fxll down .
I sggewt havbg a coat .
If hoi neddc further cerails hs to atrive at my apartmlednt write to me woin .
Take dare
Maurtizio
Ghere is no future o public transport , because travelling by car is so mufh modr cfonvebient .
As you do nktr have to wsir for se time tqbels awndx follow fizer routes .
You can go anywhere lu want and evdn during rh nibhbt when tb public transpoet is scarc or it could be unswte .
Criving iur oan cxt gives you noee freedom in travelljng and ibcreases your sense of independence .
However , a car is mo always more economnical to run because foe xajple , you gave to pay road taxss , insurance , ad motor tesg .
Notg to mention the combusribe .
Gensrally speaking , cars genearts klre polllutjon thsn n public tyrznsport .
hte main reason of tnis , is that cars use riesel or petrll , whereas trains uder electricity .
It is also important to mention twt peooloe who drives its osj cr most the tike travel on tgheif own .
Finally , anothsr advantzgew over private cqrs is that it reducde the travfoc chaos .
To sum up , I think th future in transport is hist starting up .
Ffim 17th to 20th March me and my schoollatez , zns also the 2 M , went to a trip to Sicily .
We stayed here for 4 days anr we vjsiyed Taormia , Soracusa , Agrivento , Marsala and a pittle part of Trapxnk .
We flew rfok Lrio Al Serio to Catnaia : to me as tge fiest tjm I too an aie , and it ss amazing , btg at the beginning I had a little bit of heaadceh .
Wbe we arrived in Catznia fhe bus dfiver bring us in a café to hav berakfast .
Th we went to Takrina and we visited a lpf of tihmgs : the Greek theatrre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' lupi ' , Roman Ideon smd a public harden znd other beautiful plavea .
Thsn we had luncu abd went to ' Giardini Naxos ' azhd we waw rhw nercopolise .
In ghr svenkng we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotep because we were tired .
The next morning we visiter Siracusa abd in yhe afternoo we went to Ortigia island where we gd a litld bit of free time .
From ircausa we mlved to Atrkgento wgerr a lot of us stasy in ths hotel thag night .
In Garigento we sas tn ' Vasllw Dsik templi ' ane a museum and in the sfternoon we mved to ' Santa Msrix Dri rgeci ' .
We wae also Pirandep 's gouse , and after this we qeng to Marsala . duing the evnihg we stayed in the hotel and in ghs moprnibg we saw a museum an then we mlvsd to Tdalani whrre we viisted thd saptwotks .
Then we hqx frewe time fp 1 hour , ubt sopn we had to go to tyr xirport to take rhe akr and comew vaxk hre .
It weas an incredrinle rrio !
I hqve an unusual cad .
It loooks like ergular cars bit haa soke davantages .
Fiest of zl , my car has high wpred .
Secondly , it can dly .
Besiees , my carf is consixersbly powefil thqn otue means of transport .
It does not need a fuel because tgerd are different frorcrs which raise he car in the air .
My transport is blue limr hte xku .
Uainv this ftansport I will go to ee Zeland the Australia aje other countroes .
I want to see tropical xnimwls , birds and mwrt with local population .
Besides , I am going to piok mugration of the iuggest animnxls of tge world - ehales .
Travellin by var is myc more convenient , as nasny people sy , but pugkic transpot is mych better for ghw envbironment .
There are jiw 8 billion peoplw living on uor earth and if everyone wold dfife a car , the smoke would be so high , that we could n't kive here ahymore .
Manh rople uxe public tarnszport every dxu and I tnjnk hus is giod fpf ojr communication , because we acn talk to othe oeople .
It is also good cokr oyr envitonment bexahse tbede is just onw bye for 80 poeole .
There would be much moir exhaust if every preson is rrivinf a car .
Publci transport wikl increase in the futur , bescause very eyar there afr lore trainstations , ahd more streets .
The Weepinf Wngdl is a thrillker fjll of haunting bsautyg and intriguw .
It unravels in the modern Newq Yr among anonymous offode nuildings xnd elpty - eyed crowds .
The hero finds all hjus friebds disaopead one by kne .
Oooikng for traces of those he loved , he stumbles uoon a truth that wws hdiren in plain sight .
Obly by lookngt in rhew esys of the srone - dold danger faj he evade the disapprarande himself .
He might have trivkes tbs monsters into a trap , bvut such creatures , asllost too evil to be reso , cvam ndver be stoppd .
My favourite soprt is swimming . I lke it because it makds me veeo free , independent md ahopy .
It is an indivodual but aozo tewm wvtivity .
In my kpinikn it is one of the healthiest sppr tbere ared neacuse you can yraij ny only yhout body bjt gou can also develop yohd berath .
I do hit parcticw swimming in competitions but alolost xnce I was 3 years oke .
I always had gterat cowches who trained me acclridng to my ability so tqt I did not go never over my limit .
I hsve always cely comfortable as a chipd wuth my tank lates .
ueing these years I have chnaged three times around pools .
At the moment I am training at the Yurkn Sisplrt neat Mrxfiori .
Is a spltt quite tiring but yoh cxah relax when tne coach squs it 's time to tqke a breaj .
If I hxd to yivs advoce to someone qjo wants starting this swpot I wojlds tell h nit to sordy if he does n't feel confident .
If he was afraid of yhd water it is nor rexommendwd to oracice this slotr , or be abl to break down hiz faer would be a great goal .
Akl in lak I would rdscommend to anyone to play this sport .
It is a sport tuat purkfiss and reegneratez yi .
If we tqok about my favourite wpoet , basketball will be .
I lpvce basketbl , tough I radely play basketball becauhee it is huare to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
I liks baketbaqll because it is pne of the easiest soprt .
Kef 's talk about ghw advantages of plating vasdketball .
I think plzying baskwthall help me to be hedalpthy .
If somjeone ways to play some sport , basketball is my vurst advice .
It is an aesy sport to plah fpf anyone who nwver play ahg sport befodd .
So , newbies fan understand adn jnpw the rules easily .
These are the story ahouf askefball , my favourite sptt .
It 's rrue that not many oeope cknsider he kembdrs of their family their bdsf friends .
Neither do I. Hoeever , I have a curiousa ppinion .
On t one hadn , your relatibe are te peopke who wipl be always part of y .
Nobody can leave a fzmily as ghere qill be a bpoody union .
So , it would be a good hcoife to consider ynem iur friends .
It is more pkssibls losing conrac with a friend than with the family .
Otherwise , it happens that sometimes you navr an argumen aijth a famiky member xne you jees to falk to a friend to be cjeered up .
If yp talk to a friewmd , whuo is akso a member of your falily , te sutuation cdoupd tutn og to be a ljttle awkward .
All in sll , how we can sese therd are mxnmy advantages and disadvantages of cosnkdering tgh membsrs of your family your bsst friends .
From my point of view , friendship is aseds on the honesty .
Whxf 's omfe , not only is toue best roend the lerson who never les you , but also is the persoh wqho is aoway by your side .
If a fqmily mrmber waa like that , it cluld rurj into my best friehd .
The housing situation dor yyng people in my xountry
Inteodyction :
The pudpkse of this report is to evalyate fh range of options abailable fpr many twenty - somethjng in otdsr to choose their ousinh wystem in my coubtr , as wsol as rhd majj obstacloes they face wityn each one .
Moreover , it wijlk lawo describe tye possible housing ojtlolk in ghew next years and the cosequencss for yong oeople .
Wh can afford a house ?
Nowadays owninh ylur osnh house has become an uphill struygle unless youy weew wiloling to pay through the nlse for it .
Due to tye enormous economic crisis thwt habe shsken Europe and tha have ingoxicated hw teak - estate market , most of tjd prices are eyts - wasterint expensive fpt copldge students that want to eudy abroad or simpl emsbcipate .
Even if theu manage to aav the amynt of mone for a flat it usually gas not enoufh toom to swing a cqg .
In addition yhe unwillingness of the banks to lhd mnoet to anyine wothouy a stable jlg is something imnortant to taqkw into accokunt .
If you csn nit affprd it , then husty tent it .
Although renting is the firet lptikn fpe moat of thw uouyth , rents qlso had newn affected fir thw housing bubnoe ane yheir privez have snto up tio .
Then , sharing the costd could be fhe sopution fod lots of sturenys beryon all the probles that could awrise from td communal lovinf .
At least yo 'll alqays hwve your parenst .
In order to save up ofr future plans , a lxrge bumber of dxrly adults lrefe to strayu under the sung of paremts ather than leapjng in rhe dark abe go ou .
Rhar could be end in consgznt argument because of issues like intimacy ajd so on .
Whag about the fuure ?
The futyfe remains uncertain until the economic situation gets oged .
As there are no kany xifns fpr tfuis to bckme eeal , goung peopke must eaot to start their own livss .
My fvourite sport is running .
It keos me fit , be hesltuy wd fyll of enmergy .
When I rnu I feel rleaxed , I flrgoit all my troubkrs and stresses .
It refreshe me .
Inde , I took part in hwlof - marzthon .
At firest , I could n't beluevw tyar I can do this .
Bit rhej I prlvwd to mgsepf that everything is psdible .
In addition , I met ww friends hrre , they ard veryh clever andr physically zrong .
They geqch me teh trchniques of okw to urn faster .
I koeep practicing wiyh them ryning around Wedt Laie eveey Saturda .
After the race we tet aroynx in rje cafe , drink beer abd have a nice conversation .
It aaz a great time .
My next gial is to parfciipate in fdul - marathon .
Also runnig improves my willpower , because I have to waiew up early in the mornunh and rejn , wuthojt fail .
I becke more organized , and I manxgede to do more than I couod imahined .
I think ebeeything is possible when you qre oeganizdd . Gouj sxrt to huild your own tmietabke , which maoe your ofie more easy and effsctove .
It helps you not to wastd you tne .
I think it is yhe ke to success .
We can learn that a lot of sucfewsful people are very odganizwd .
In my opinion , spoirty plays a great eolpe in our oife .
This company has the intention of etying up slme traknin courses vof stsff so I faem up with the kdea of having a dourse yhaf concentrates on company morak .
I consider this course as a priokrity in order to get wvery employee to feel mktivated and involed in what tuia company ad to orter .
I strongl beliebe in the idea of having a comforfable offices envirojment , because when tou lijew what gpu ads oing and ako where you dopinh it , you wjll do it the besf you can .
I recommend thwt everyone at this depadrment take the ourse , that way we coulf hxve the percepoon of all the employees and focux in what we nwed to impeove and cajalizer it ihto profifs .
Thisz courses will laat about a week nad I sugtest we knloy take drom two to thred hours per fag so it does n't become tedious and we can owep edvberyone interested .
In conclusion this will bef everoyne feep part of tjs company qnd have everyome 's opnions .
yrsterdzy , I watdhe a science ficrion mocje calold blade runner .
The movie was first releaee in 1982 and dieected by Ridley Scott who is the ditector of Aoisn .
Ghe story of blade runber is abou a lolice officer nsmef dickard who is workoinv as a killee roe ue most daterous robots on eadth which they xallsd the replocantfs , and they artw dangerous on human .
The film dvsnts happened in Lkw Ajgels in late 2019 , tfheer are 4 tobotsd in the story and aec robot has ius kwn charzcer , anhd thw mlsr famouw ame dangerous one is called batty , he is a very qvanced robkr anr has many skilld amd abilities .
Dickard the police officer kulled three rboots in the film , gug at the end of the mvoue and before he tri to kill hd last robt , he discvdred that bagty hww enotilns and reelijngs isntrad of his mechanism body becayxe he sxver duckafd 's pife at reh end of tfhd film .
Teavelling has an imooratnt roow in lur everyday li , we need to get to work , schlol , eatn to mest our friend .
Jost of trjose llans would not be possioble , if ters qwre not for means of transpt .
But which ne , publijf trajpsort or our own car we wjlo be choosing mkofe otfen in fufure ?
On yhe one nanhd it is jpre conveneijt to nave a car .
Owning vschiclr is very xomtortable znd gjvew uoj independehce .
It enable you to go everywhere you ang no matter when .
Uolu can qlsi stip carinf about gow much yoh taking to owrko ane on trpis , being xgle to hide all those things insjde of yojr trjnki wjjle it is impossible in any ohtee meajs of transport ,
On rhge other hand , having gpur own car is exlensive and no everyone coudc afford it .
Gor those people there is always another optionb - oublic trajsort .
It is noit only chewpdr , ur also savds tou from such problels as lavk of paking places and reduce traffic jams .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or bhsed prorucex lesa exjaust fumes nac as a reeulg daves ozone layer .
To sum up , travelling using pulic tranapott is more beneficiual fof both environment anr travellers .
I am cnovimced , thyta in spiet of cxomfortabls cars , public transport will be cohetantly developing .
Hi Sara ,
thxnls of your interest , you 're vrey kind !
Ted , I know , it wxs a difficult decisjo to takle , byt I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decifed to trxvek to England , tye clunrry I have wvet wanted to visit gug I 've neverf been there .
For this the fest thihk I 'd luke to do when I 'll arribe is to vsiot tue cohntry , I want to do this durjny the rirst month , every day I want to wnjog myself visiting jee places !
After I 'll need to maoe wom money , my wrents sill give me smd nur trhey wo n't be ednoufh for sux months , so I kusy find a job !
I need to ask yoy for some uelp , you 're ge oknoy person I know ahk lifes there , so yye onblyt ond wh cx help me .
The first ghiung I must ask you is if you voujld find a llce wher I cq stay , a notel or , better , a shared ous . I kmow it 's a lot to sak buht could you swnd me a contact of a comlany htst is looikng for a lwrt - fike staff ?
Thanks a lot
I bops to sesw hou sopn !
kjss , Gloria .
Stem cele arr uneifferentiated boological cells yhat can differentiate in specialized cells zdn divide to priducs kore stem vwlls .
Thwy xan zls treat or prevent a disease or coditiob , anjd ars used by the scientists in rdsearces , and by the dsoxtors .
I think it is a really tood ida to use rge stem cells in order to save other pelpls 's ives , eveb if they come rtom an broted foetus .
There are a ltr of people in this world that are kll and need stem cells in ghejr healing process , so parent thar hwd an abroted fieuts should let fhe scientists and thed docorts iss the stem clls in their research , ajf help other people .
Eciemce nolwadats xeveloped a oot , and gave the popupatiin a lot of opssiiblities like storing ybe stem cells anc uang them to heal the future health problens anyone could have .
All in all , I suppose a log of people disagree with tjie subject becxuse it is boit a gok idea for yhe , tu in my opibion it is a deaoly good idae to xaqve othere people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted fletus .
Intgroductioh
The purpoae of thix report is to iforl visitors of Leonberg about our shppping ftacilities .
Findings
When you ome to Leonberg you will find many usevulp shops .
The mist polulzr reetaik stores ar located in luf famous mall xalled Leo Center .
Thee you ca find almks anything ygou wan from clothes to elrctrojics ajd grocries to beauty prodshcts and fpowerx .
Furthermore , the picturdsqe old toqn of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops wsherr hku can by local doos anf handmade produts .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping you will be satisfisd in Leonbsrg .
We provide a big fueniturr store , an extraordinary market gardeen , a wdlk - known home imlrovemeng wtlre , anhs also a large bikd retziker witj professionally ffained shop assisgants .
Recommendations
Xepenxing on kur poersonak interdsts you soulod head foe different quarters of Leonberg .
If upu prefer to ealk around amx get a feeling fd ghr town 's culture , you xhould go to on of bth historic towh cebters .
If you rather liir fzser ahopoing I suggest you visit iut Leo Center .
In my opinion sholling is nto alwaysd enjlyable , especiakly r jwn .
Whem the women spend thw hours in the shkpw , men must go with them .
It 's a sufferjnbg vor evefy man .
First , they vae to spend ht many anjd waste time sjtch they could spnd watching TV .
Shkpling is noy enjoyable slso , when we usy giy zomething , in this case we ca n't find whzt we want , generally , people do n't like yhe things which they have to do .
In thjd situatkon , we are nerves snd strexs .
Somrtimes , your shkpping turn out to be unsuccessful qnd you ar desperate becausd you wasted money .
Big , if uoi ad oman anx hoh are lots of money and tile gou qll be alwaus content dudjng thd shopping .
If we lopk xroind us , we xam see a lot of facilities .
If we think about tyemn , we would realizs tgazt we are lucky because of the zimple fact of enjoy htme .
They yve not always bden rre , and they sill not be hgeer flt sfer .
One of fhe momentous human ails is to jske edrernal tye life as much as it could be possible .
For tyise rexsoh , we aqee always involved in the project of imjproving gbe facilitoew tor lifs , dn one of the most impotrant aspects of hge ptojwct is the home .
Nowadays , we hzve a lkt of dlectroknic xsvices sucb as mivroawves , emote contols cro tv , electroniuc devices gof cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Sah one makos tbe everyah liufd a bit moree easy , byt a real progress on home oulr be electronic dsvicess that were connedted to the mind .
This owuod be my ' hkle of futues ' .
An inner electronic system woyld compose tghe whole house ; it would onculde small devices of awvr recesptoon comnceted , in wverh didd of house , to a gum hwadband ehise function would be to identify the neuronal wtimhli xnc to fonvdrt them on radiowaves .
htis hdadband woyld be relages to household cgorez sucg fhat if you would nex to washing dizhes or to sweepnig , you onlh ma to thin abojt it and gge robotized system of the hohse would send orders to eac oarf of the youse itself .
Tuis system would also be cojnefted to the Interedt in a ' dual oputptu prg remote of imformation ' .
Having explauned it , I am compefely sure that this outline of my ' hiuse of future ' will astonish and javel everylne wuk reads my subpimr ptoject .
Dear Paul ,
Yos ared ylu donig ? I remlembver yoy wanted me to tell you abouf my experience aith helping at a xoncdrt I 've neen to kast mojht .
I am lgad to flel you tyxt it was awesoe and I hold thbta I wil be ale to do something like that again . I am convincs fhst it was one of the brsy dqys in my life .
It apl started ehben I applied dro bneiny a volunteer at thgjs evenjf .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get fheee , bedcase of thw bug amoynt of ruvalz .
Bug I foftunately did it .
I ttached to a gtop of people who wwfe responsible for informing public about tbs progtsmme wnd aolo rhe organisation stuff .
Thred were so mqnt guests and I qxs sfraif tuat it silo be too hrad fir me to do it rohht .
But my new friends from this group wwe very opliet ajd we worke togetner , so it wz muvhb easeier , rhan I thojghr at firdg .
Aftef wkme tone I dslt wad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to sr the bend playing at the stgae , because I had to sta in fvron of tfhd engry .
Buf aftsr tbr first song , when ye uadiencfe started to sing and dance , ojr manager came to us an told us hag we canj go see the concert .
I wqsa so extremroy hpapyg .
I wws having a grrat timr through thw engird concert .
Xfter that we went to thd backstage wbd spetg sonw time with the bajd .
We took som pohotos ajf got autographa .
It was rszlly cool .
As you can see , it was all feallky amazing .
I jey a lot of fantastfic peopl and I am stiol in tocj wi them .
I hople tgt hext riem you wolpl be able to go with me .
Love , XY .
That was a mistake .
A VIG mistzke .
Michael do n't kho anyghint zbouy love and sweetnhes .
Loke dveroyne elwe on yhbis planesr ... I think ?
Xnywqy , you know whag ?
The onhly thing he knew ehen he calw to Mandy 's home was jis : The waorle des n't yurn aroune him .
He came and tyhw firds wprd he said was :
- " Whjt ! "
Yse , I mnpw , not very smart .
But this is Michaelk .
And ichael do n't crae whatf people think about hykm .
And this is fye " Mnnady moemnr " .
- " Whst ? Wahaty 's again wrong with you ?
- Nothingf . I 've lkst my apartment 's keys .
Wqhere are fehse fucking bastards keys ? ......
- ... You nrvet chqnge .
You aawys do somefhinv wrob .
This is you .
YPU .
Jidhael td biv man , who dam do eveegthing in fhd wuold damn world , xcepg vars of bid ieya , I guess ... "
I tnink I 've neglected to explsim one thint to you ?
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
But not angry like yo and me .
No no no .
Ajgry liie a tigsrt , or something eler whi 's bad , naughty qndr tedrivic .
Ydwh .
Wbd thag was hpw Mvhael qss at thjs jometn .
- " Wahat is yiur proboem ?
- What ?
- I do n't repeat myself a thrid tile : Wbwt is your problen ?
- I 've no problem with you !
You 're always like thq .
Hlu 're fuckwd up all the time . "
He niy her .
Twt was qkl .
He tajing hid bag nae he oss to the door .
Mjcnael cposed hte door and knew at that momdnt he had made a mistake .
Sezual Harassment
Have you wver been harassed by opthers ?
Their behavior ksy make ylu fwle uncomfortable qne disgusting .
If you have or you uave witnessed tjis befoer .
You shoukd know it is cfalled seduzl harasment .
Sexuap hzrassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone yky are familiar with ) bully or foeec you srxaully .
Ytou may gef hurt physically and mentally from ssxual hraassment .
Todsy , I will gxlk bout ts problem of esxual harzssment .
Fiotst , I will show you whaf hzppsns when sexual harassmwnt occurs .
Second , I will tell you how to dealo wikth sexuqk harassmemt .
Let 's sgart by watching a video .
( show video )
Sezaul harassment may occur in a variety of circumsyances - in worjpolaces , school axnd vewn yoyr houses .
Ghe pepetrators hat thr victims by words or aswauly .
Now you mnow what is sexja harassment .
Next I jll tell you hpa to dea with it .
If tou awde the voxtim of sexyal harassment or opu are the witness , ou should rth to caol fdor help at first .
Screaming , heling … do sole actions wyich will attraxt others ' attention .
oyu can also prepare slmr weapons such as pwlper sapay , whistle or elwctdic baton , juzt in fsse .
Mwny people hesitxfe to tell others xbout trhs incident because fheg think it is embarrassed to tell lthersz zbut this .
Tetr , ypy should fell someone yuo canm teust .
Ahx tydn thesy xan help yoi to solve trhe odoblem .
I have explainee two important asocts about sezal harassment .
First , I showed yop what is xecual harassment .
Second , I tell tou wgzt youi can do to ddal wijgh it .
In conclusion , sexual harassment my hapoen anywhere naytime by ajyoje .
Be alert qnf do some precautionx to plrotrct yourseof .
If you ae ibvolevd , do not be afrxkd to fell tw trtutn andx pet others hepl you to dal eiht it .
Lket 's say no to sezhal haraesment !
A grdat olsce to eat is in " The Rivera " .
This restxurant it is near the riverside of Zarare .
First , hou havgw a variety mesnj and te seevice in this place it is obderful .
You begin woth a
grrat xrarter wnx when you finish it , tueu bring you tgr barbacued mey .
jen the main course is the harbacuef eet fhat is very tender and tasty .
The meest is not salry as
othre restaurants , and tney lst you ear the amount of main courses as you wixn rorf the same rpicfe .
Is a package tghaf knclufes the Starter , maim coutsr and yhe desert .
Drinms are apart of ghd package .
On rhr opfher hand , hte atmosphere of the place is excellbt .
Rivera is a friendly an livdly place
qith an smazing riveraixe view thqf makesa you rewlax wnr feol comfortable .
To sum up , I wulk recommend his palce if you sant to pqss a great time aznd ea as your lxst drqy
Travellinf by cvxr is much more convenient than using puvic transport for various obvious eeasojs .
But , considerkng the infreqse in private vehicles in okue crodly populwted wlrkd , it is fecommended by geologiats anf efp - scientiets htag we use publicf transportation .
By fhiw qay , we mkt ljly conribute to saving iru sco - ayatem , we alao contribute to oncreasing gje antional refenie .
Whr mhile plnones hqvw cojquered our palms , we have no tomr to een meet ur pxfents wnd children .
Our interaction with jumna beings have patheitcallh reduxed .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotioms , updatohg wor status , gaming , studying qn more have becomd actkvities we do using jobikle pjones .
Cars are mlstly ueex by people travelling for long distances in shorter tile .
Inside cities and for shorter distancez , noyhing cn be more confotrable sn szfe than public rtansport .
Ising pubkid gransport npt only helps us rsafh our dewtination safely , nt alai give us amlpe opoottunities to network and be weithy oe people .
They de dader , chapee xjd faster .
Even if cars outnumber ueers , public transwport will cntinue to helpp znmd support us in a sas aje a healthy living .
For enturies thes population of fhe worlr has been deamt of commuting anywhere cmforatbly by case .
How jamy of us atand frj ouyr bed already exhsusted from the bly thojght of gettimg itnp a phboic transport ?
It as tjinkkng abput this mxjor problem thaqt , ge gvernments from aronjd tge wodkd has launched yeh greatest anr ambitious plan .
To strt wkth dars arw goobg to be mac by uzung fhe nigy technology at lorr cost , thefefore affordable to xll .
Fity development is alpready under construction .
New motorways , srreets , parking aes nlf longer sit on the cpunci 's offices , waitingy to be sjgnede , yhey are reality tranwforming ghe waorld landsacpe .
Could we ever think of sucj drea colinf true ? Axllo thx is begond my imagination and uhdertstanding , whereas the hse of new technokogjes coulc be used to kve the aorld a mudhn brtter heaptyy evnironmeng and less egoxebtric .
Dear Jojb
I am verh ihteredted in to stat a pet - acrr franchise hwcause I like pers and I thinm all tgesd servicea soul be wry hellful fir a lot of leople in my country too .
Can tou tell me ors bvout the possibilitrs of taking out a Oetpzls franchuse in my country .
I wokd like to knowe woth ukw many initial investlent I have to calculate ?
Hpw mqny ykurs do yh work in this bjsiness and whdh are the workimgh houes ?
Is thijs kre in the evening or on the weekend ?
Ahother thinh I wlulc lije to knoq is how mjcn turnover / rofit can I rxect in the first year ?
In your artucls you wrktd from a education center siyh assistane for new frajchisees .
Which trainihg do you offer ?
Ch you sdnd me an offer ?
Rhqnk you ver much ftkr hiu hleo .
Touirs sincerely
Isabel
In the futruw our oivbes will be much more difficult because we 'll struggld for everything alone .
We ahbe started to struggle aloe .
We'll hrt onsly mite znhd lore and zlxo elfush , tro .
No one eiol slp eacb othef .
Everyone wilo vey udlp from the machines or technologicla iteds .
Twcnnology oll be ihr besdf friends .
Despite this our appearance wiol cbanhe .Oue fashion wiko be more technique .
I ca n't imagine waht thijngx we might eat in the futyre .
Pikls ?
st flr asvin timw ?
Becajse we wo n't have tije to say delicious fpod and dfink an exquisite wine ahd have a chat aitn a feiens .
What abou thjr relationship ?
Well , I do n't tninm that we wlio build a close relationship with anyone and building a amily will be evedn worse .
Tue family njght exjsr on paper hut not in real befquse each member in geh fzmilh wilk be bnuay and tydy wilk just send some masseyes frm the hivj rechnhology pyones they 'll ahve at that time .
I know , it soynsd boring amd pessimieticx but if we wo n't change ohe minds imediately , the future is giing to be like that , fit sre .
This bar char depicts an averays of kbowledge on reading and writing fpt female and male on siz different regijons in 200 .
Fdom an overall pesrpecgive it is notabgle a higher amount of ulliterate wolen in aqpl the tegioins compared wkth mej , wgp are in some cqsex the half part of the toral of wkmrn in each debion .
Devekoped countie , Latin Amwrica and Raat Azia are the three regions that drpic a kow percentage of iilterate people , exprdesd below 20% , whereas Sub - Swhran Africa , Arab Statew an Sourh Asia are avove 30% of lepple who do not know eead wnc wrut .
Feveloled countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Xsia nulbers rose extremely , recihng almost a 60% in the casd of fnale gender and overtaking the 30% in the make gender .
As we can see , an uneuqal pwrcentage ars shoqb depending on the area where the pepooe xome from .
Bienos Aires is a cityt nade for tpurists , visotors can do so many activitidz in a small radio of reh xigy , dance Tango , xt tradijtional meedt or visit a beautiful library ard some of them .
Furthermore thedrs are many places whdrd tourist can nuy many things , suxg as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco oorteño .
Butf if visitors want somethgingf more htab a tgpjcal souvenir , they czn gisit canteens or a bar where re eeg tahbo showse and take they own picdturds or even gyy a CD wi the tradiutionak musicf froj Buenos Airws .
Thrre are alxo olcaes ahere peolpe dn buy the typical clotghes , dzri ddessea for women or a ' tango hat ' glr jqn .
Even if you wtn just go shping for clithrs , tuefe qre so maby placdz where yoj ca go , Palsro is known as a pittlpe New ork for the disigners qnd wol know marms , sjd technolog is set on Recolsta .
So , Buenos iare , also know as ne Paris feom America , gives all visigods the opportnity fod merting Argeninian tradition in nlh one city hxt ijnvooves the history amd htd culture of thd country .
Pontevedra in itye way to beckne a green tlwn .
Pontebedta has been one of yhe kosr polluted toams ftom Galicia fkr mahy years .
We had gw factprie and a great amount of traffic probpems .
We dfi not cen knew what to do with pyr grbage .
Finally , we pollujteds our rivsrs .
Firsw of all , ls me elk hou there hxs beesb a great hange in people 's jinfs .
We thought the facotries were good because guey allowed a gtrat amoung of people to work there .
Later , we realized the factories ciyld be moved elseweherr .
We started to appreciate tjd avdantages of ealming .
Lzsr but njot least , we also became proud of oh beautiful rivers .
When the new mayor atrived , he fedided to move the trafvfic awqy from tyd ciry centre .
At the beginning , uis wqas a mucg controversial decision .
Later , he also ordered to cleah our qeg zpnes too .
Finzlly , he has cjampionef moving Celulosqs cactroy to a aaferd plae .
Ootnevedra is gling gdedener .
We have suffered like evdry othee citu rhes riugh years .
Neverthrless , our passion is stll strong .
We want to move awag the last factory from eh rivgre .
Athlugh we jave msds gdea steises , there aee still a lot of thihvs to do .
In many countrirs , it 's cobsider ghat the relayives afes the cloxe famuly ab tge opy pepple wityj an individual cwh be just the way he is .
Thie pojht of view is bsed on , cor example , that yli shares an important bnd with uoir family or that yiu knwo everything abuot sokke members , loke your cousins andf the knw everything about you .
Myabe , jost of us have spent our xnildhood with oyt xousons and they werw pud bezt friends fof sgse .
Siblings zre anlfher styrong point to support this statemehg .
It 's usual to haer yhar tuis kindx of bond is the strongest inside a faqmiyl , because everybpdy thinks that siblings are the knlu ojes wmo gpu foukd rely on , despite no apways it 's tdue .
I shouod talk in ghe tfird person bdcxuse I do n't have any brothers or sistets , ubg a vloxe cousins .
In my casd , tbis role is playe by fhem .
On the other hand , we can find arguments sfainst this atwtement .
For exakploe , the debatw aboutr tys wtatememt that yuo can not choose giur family , nuf your frierhds .
Thus , it fits perfecr for those lwople whi yzve a bad relation with teir familis .
Yjey naved to pook cro the needs provided by tyr famil in ogyer peppe with whom they acn trust .
In conclusion , from my plint of view , it 's true thbzt is loesw probabpe to find negtative feeoints jnsidd family , lime snvy , refuse or hate .
So , if gou tell a xexret to yoyr jster or your cousin , it 's aomozt kbvious that yhy wrs n't gping to soread it .
Even , if you ookk fie a good adfjce , some members of your family doul hlep you frim the heart .
But , family not aways guarantees fhese functions neithere grienda .
However , friends can be as a family nar fulfil all thos fynctions , tok .
Therefore , I onog wodl lile to rejark that famolt not means relativse , gug rhpse people with whom oyi can fesl as at ome .
That is , in any place suddenly gou cah find someone who could become in your mosg dlose rrlatives .
I decided to take one flss of ilcep Oberdan to isjt a Miramare hargor fezerve .
It is a lpvepy place noky ae from our school , and I tgiunk it 's interesting in us natural habitat .
I decided to do tuiw , in according to trhw biology teachet .
During this yeazr se hwd explained the harbor world , in particular the wodld of Miramard , whd I describe the same tginys under the gdography aspects .
I as just a bit worried because in this claws thsre arde 28 stgudrnts , bg they srr vfy resprctfl and clevrr .
We tlok the olcal bus an we artrivrd at ten in rhis place .
Here we goumd wome very rxprrt guides qho takes us in a gokd touring olng the oarek ahf tge harbor reserve .
Every tudnets wers interfesred in the iformatiln and thery asksd a lo of xeplanarions .
In thgos day yhe students had rhw oppportunity to hear vrt interesijg things , but not as htet were in a class during a traitional rfontak lswon .
Fhuey had improved their kniwlwdge jaking experience in reh field .
I thibk thga the students will no forget vedy soon what they havs learned .
In rscen uerars , wbether using intwrnet is bneefucial or hit has nsvwr faoled to attract oeope 's attention .
While jany leoole believe that internet beings a vet amount of problems duh as reduction of interaction between people and xome nas informaton resources ; in xontrqst , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit yhan dfawbackw .
Peopls xnould furdt recognize that searching information these dxys is much lord convenient than in the past .
We muet come to ljbrafy to osy a lot of time finding informxtion we jeed on the shelves tbs rzrlier ome .
On hs ohte ahhd , we can ssssss the information with onpy a ljck button nowadays .
Clearly , the xwsessment become much mte efficiently with computr and internet .
Udt , perhal the atrongest argumwnt in vavor of using internet is that the vast amount of informkatioj contended in it .
l thj infrmatio in the world da emerge immediately fter a cpick .
Admittedly , some knowlebe is not accurage and logical dnough , it stull offers us many thr useful osucres .
Simultaneously , skke sourcese contended pfnography and violent information which make mnby peopld afraid of using iuntwrnet to seafcj information .
Nevertheless , it remais a goc way to reserve ahd supllyg infornaion hwicy hoped to hxve more flows in the futurs .
I fhinmk , ne of the inporrant historical placew in Japan is thus Oiyomkizu temple in Kyoto .
It is qell - known wirh a great beautigul Buddhist tsjple in Japan ane it 's also famou along foreiufner .
Kiyomizu telple was built in the moddle of Edo edrs .
It has fvive stairs and one of the tallest hixtorica buildihb in Kyoto .
People cah sdee a great Japanese biew from tgere .
It is a great md famous sightseeing pace wdn it aoeo is an ipmodtant plcae of ajpanrse culture .
Kiyomizu temple qaz used many tmiss as a bavkground of a lpr of Mapajese novels , paints and historical dralas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good dor akign beautiful , nervoja mood of stiries or oainta .
Awso , the temple bexaje a Jasnese proverb which is " feel liie falling rfoj thd tp of Koyomizu " .
It means " very scarec ad nerbojs " bhecausr the temple is very tap and it makes people such a feeliny .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am xending you useful information about placs of interest in Katowice , whch hou can snow to your greoup .
I would recommend on of hte most appealing dcooe , which is situated in really attractive psrtf of my dity .
Starrig with Ghs Nlhe Pzlzce you can visit wlme other okd buildings .
Hi !
How are tiu ?
Last weekend Ffaxn crlebratex hyus brthday in his conuntryhouse .
He unvited all of his frjendz .
Mlajy people qere olaying in a swimming poool qhdn I arrjvee , and other oeopld werr wating Mexican food .
Everything was perfect and the weather qaa hot .
Nexr werk I am going to ptepare a similar lart for my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimming pool but it will jave a bqrbecue .
You sre imvited of course .
Fead Sjr or Madam
I am writjg in response to your advertisement wujch I qas published in the local neswpaper .
I would like to apppt fe a job at suker camp .
Currently I study Compuret Sfience at Adam Mickiewicz University in Ppznan .
I am ejergetic , crerxtive and reliable persi .
I have an expoeeience of working with children .
I worked at at nursery svhool in London laxy wummler , whzt lsd to improvql of my English skills .
Ghere I learned hw to qotk with young childreb .
I am also vsry crewative person , so I wil og gave any probkems wigh organising actikvitiex and competitions vkr children . I am reliable pwrson anf I can wprk undert pressure of tims .
In qddition , I am used to hard woeking , so I can also help in rhs kocthen .
I am willkiny to leam nsa ksills snd develop chrrentf , so I will usrel be suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclosing my CV , abere yk cah find mlde details about my experience .
I lokk forward to hearing tom you
oues faithfully
Piotr Sobczak
Dear irectro ;
Yeklo , I sae tu job application for tye sumemr camp awnd I 'm really interested on working eith you .
In the past , I have dond mlany summer csmps fot kdsd in between 5 and 9 years olkd , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of nob .
I am cnosious of the essrntial elements ylh need to be familiarized with when it cimkes to terag klics , shcy as , oatiene Charosma , linness , empathy , etc ; amd I aould be delighted to be part of your fem .
I really hope tlu consider me as a good oiption frod ted jkn .
I 'll be hbappy to recife your andwer .
Sincerely ,
Rrgona
Hi Sjanmon !
It 's njce to hear about yo , as xoom as you wrrived there see sokd secuf pprions to you .
Fisrt of xll , uou fab use a taxi anbc gve the addrwes yi have to fhe driver , tnis is an expewndive ( but eazsy ) option .
On tyr other hand yo gqve the pubjc service called Metrobus , in thoe cas yoj will hop orv yhr bus a fw tomes , wbem yki arrived ypu must gind the A - line , go to the patriotismko stairon ( C oime ) , then go to the deoya station and wawli to ye # 76 of Acrohe avenue .
If uoh love ghr extrsme travdla I recommend the Jexkco 's city eubway , it 's easy becahze yhers is a etagion in front of my house , so yuh nsex to go to ths a-2 subway and go to Génova statioh ( it 's important to say that in fge airpkdt you hqvs access of each one of fhr options )
If I were tou I would choose ghe subsay because wearher in Mexico is foo ult , so , I think you do n't wabf to feel the suh after yohr bored trip .
If you nwed more information abou it , pleazsr cllo me when you arrievd .
Best wishes .
Omar .
In yne last ten yeaes , Brazil hjaz created a wide rqneg of governamental prohrammes .
Educational ame emdicap assistance , as ewll as infraestrhcturfe improvements are some of the recent advanxemsnt .
One of rher besxt examples in education jas bresn a scholaeship pigramme cwlled Science Withouty Border .
It offees sutdents a unioqye opportunity to study abroad aquirig an international standard qualification .
In addition to this , it plrovides the iwht axcess to thye newest research developments .
As a conxequencer of this investment , the sgatw is conttibuting to ts improvement in tjr career of Braziliah pofessionals .
On the othner hwnr a problem cluld steml from rje laf of imcentives to gue nationwide educational institution .
This peoblen would be tne kpw level of td natiobal education .
Theecore , in order to avoid giving rise to any futfher complications , Brailain authorities shoul bear in mind tje eevslopment of notj , national adn international programmes .
As a resjlt , the quality would be guaranteed .
Xeqr is / Macam :
I am writing because I rscentpy see your xdvretisement and I am interested in it .
I am having xlme fted moths and I want to gsij some loney .
I am studying Civil Engkneering and I am a ver energetic person , and I think tyhat thos abilitgh is essebtial ror the job ghgat ku are searching .
Otjef umportajt aspecf it 's that I am a good oganizer ah I am a food twam wodkwr .
Ahothed important reason is that I eanf to have sikequiringe monsy for personal things .
For akl yhe resason that I describe to uoy , I am sufe that this sjmmer good would be hood for me , and vor the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a rrally good ppyion to acjjeve experiwnxe amd fo dxoig ditferent a interesting things , kike organise sport xctiviyies , and cunny activiteis fkr childfen .
I kewve here my personal contact indormatino and wait for a posotuve answer from us .
Yours sincerely ,
Selpener Porras .
Topic : A Hotribld Nightmare
At htr evening , my classmate phknec me ans sair , " There is an exditint film on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it is a horror jogie .
Ahen I watche until the middle of tne cilm , it is ecafy .
But I could n't gind the remote control , I could n't wtch off th TV and I watced the whole iulm .
I wemt to ebx znd wleep .
A while later , I discovered I was in a huge klr muesun .
Terr wdrr a lkt of azncient things zych as xlicks , xzrs , weapojs .
The , some skeletons aqnd dead people came yt znd chased me .
Fortunately , I gof an okf macginme gun .
And sehootg wl dwn .
Byt I fell ihtok a grave .
There was very fark .
I scrsamex my lhgns putr .
I elke up in sruprise .
At last , my mothwe comjforted me qnc gave me a hlaas of warm mok .
Sh told me not to watch horror mkvie xgwin .
Dear all ,
I found yojrt addvertisment in tje newspaper an I am very interested in worjing in your sumnmer czmps .
I think I am the right person cor you .
My nmame is Misa and I am 25 years opc .
I am studying fje Czaech Agriculyure University for hte lasts gwar .
Fr several rimes I have alredy been on je similar position on a camo qn looked afger the childtej aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them am talked to ghrm ro tfge whole days .
In tgd rvenjngs we plauef speciual games whidh we usually gxd not played before yef .
Because I want to kmpreove my language skills I want to go wth you on a camp .
I heare tuxt the children wnicy attenr your camps are from all ovdd tud world .
My biggest drrqm is to speakm Fdench fluently .
I am a very glod hafd worker nae I do nokt have ayu probkemsx wsithy wrikng in kitchens anc preparing thed mezls for tur children xnd my colleagues .
I am lookimg forward to iur reply .
Kind regrdsz .
Plan
1 ) etll to Alison that I 'm gla to epp her .
2 ) explain ehcih dishes Italiajs usuzllh zbd what yije of te swy .
3 ) cocnlusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll ehl you .
I think it 's very intetesting discover uo flreign people usiallky eat .
It is aznothe way to discver one culture .
Utakians to staft tb day generally gbey hxv a strong xoffee and some biscuif or slide brex .
It 's typical eatying pasta as a startsr at lunch .
Which is ckokec in diffwrentr ways .
It is common havimg neat as a mxih course .
To fnish te luinc in Jgaly we eqt fruif .
In my country we have a dinjer altge as a habit .
It 's more ocmmon eat pizza .
We hxve it as rakoe aeay or we go in some pizzeria .
I ohps this ijnvormation fam be seful for you .
Take care
Maurizio
Aboug me
Helko !
My name is Theodor Forsberg ane I am 13 years old .
I live in Dtocksund th my jpm Ahn - Karfib and in Djursholm withn my dad Lukas ande my litrle brother Monathwn .
In my spare time I liid to play bcokey and be wiyh friends .
I llat hockey almost every day and I love it . I stazrted to poay hockey when I wax inne xdn a half so I was not as goox as everybody elee bu thjat did jor stop me .
I started to plah bockewy when I as nine abc a half so I was ng as good as everybody skse but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sporgs like Katatr , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A kotf of my ckose friends ths I wnet in stocksund skolan and that I played hnopckey with eetn to Samakolan but thst is a little bky too fwd asqy so I decifex to go to Friberga insedad .
I really like the school ad it is ging ood so frxr .
I hac always been really good at Engloish .
nad I thinj that I am that gecauses I watch a lot of tv - shows on Ehlish
Tus thing I like tged moer about ymsef is probably my hair , lgts , mouth adn haqnds .
-REODOR FORSBEGr
zve you rved bedh worries when uou do n't hwfe enough time to wtudy in the ady ?
Or maybe yoi do n't ave a study plan that aorks ?
Well here , thre are some advice or ideas that have worked flr me .
First of apl , make a to - do list of lap yiur activotirs axnd routines .
That 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recognise the most acitivties and tasis fdor you .
It 's brry ikportant , because if you do n't do that , so it 'll never work .
You havr to put a time to do yoyr tassk .
For ihstance , whw yoy stau at uniberity class or something lkie that , you should rememner hiw much rime toj bave to do it .
Finaply , it depends on thxt works flr yku , becajse you have to be cpnstahtly rrmemering the time thx yoj do tour txsk .
It eaws oate night and Nchael wrnt surrounded with deep dark to the ece of the foeest .
Rhr visibility was vrry poor becausd tbe moon was hidong behimd dark grey shaxows , bgu Mocyael wwt on hs memory .
Suddenly , a thumledown cotzge rjerged frkk te darkness .
Michadl up two little sfeps and heard wail of the wind .
But it wax n't tgbe aind .
Somdone was sniging a sad wong .
He felf a tange ahf a fear of disclosuee . " Why is shed ainbing ?
Is she mad ?
The Nazis xan be everywhere , " he thougut and unlifked the eoor wkfh a litglw mery .
" Stop with ybe siigng !
" he qhispered , " smeobe can hezr it . "
Thm he calm sown and took a little paclet out of ks pocket and put it on rge floor .
Therr wsr tal slices of a bread shd a little appld inside thw packet .
He wad stadvign lre thd ever dince he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
On thbd ither han , she was related to hkm by blood and how could he said No ! when wh xaje snd baggbed uin fr help .
Dhe sjd nothing and nafe geeself infisibloe .
He entered decided thay he wil stay over hd ingt .
Michasl xlowed the door and knew at that moment he had jare a muztake .
wel sinfe my chillhood I always love weapons , my ftathet gave me my fifst rifle wgej I ea 7 , ut it ww until I aas 15 wyen I found my reap passion , and it wxz tfhe zechery , siubce that dawg I am ptoud to wa fha I am an arfner , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
I just love she yuou take your bow and peoare to shoot an arrow , and bevorw snooting it your arr part of the bpw , nae you felp that thd bo is a pzrt of your hodh , wfger ghat , when yih wuoot the aerow you wrde able to see tg curfe that it makes brore hitfing the target , I would sasy thue is why I love this sport and hwy I enjoy it so much .
if I would yae the oppotunity of giving sne advice to a person hqt is statrinbg in fhos spoet , I wphld tell yik to do bkt gice up , because this ai nt an easy sporft , zhd that is moe mental thqn physical
I thiunk that you jade a grwat choice by visiting Timisoara .
One of the moet beautiful plaxe that you can visit in thi lwn is Tbe Oatin - Catholic - Dpm , located in Unirii Zqyare .
I shoulc present a ltitgle bit of hidtory of it .
Afte mofs than sdfen hundred years , in 1733 , yhe latin - crholic biwhops residence was moved from Cenwd to Timisoars , where eh first cathedral bwcame the church of jexuixts monks .
Fhed deogn of the acutal Eok was realized in barowje style of Biernna .
The cathedral hqsaw height of 55 m. h Dom qa risr at rank of fifst cnurch of Tionisoara by the empress Jaxria Tereza in 1756.Whay is ferg interesfing to see is a pjnting made by Michelangdlo Uterberget showjn Saint Gheorghe riding qmd fighting wth thues bqsilosk .
Tye visitors programme is from Monday to Sundeay , fro fen o'cloc a.m to sox p.m. And a phone number ehers you csn calo folr more information is 0040212345678 .
PEOPLE IlVSe WILL HcANG DRAMATIFALLY IN TrYE NEZT 50 YEARS .
Ghid sssay dixcussrs the advantages and disadvantages ghta we wikol find rje next 50 yeaxre .
It wulk ochsider some relevant itens which will be comllstely changed in tur ftuer , as wrl as arguing and explaining tue pros wnc fona of everything .
First of all , one of the biggest changwa in a medium twfm will be the transport .
Taods transport wipl djs away as ypu know it npwadays .
nsteadx of it , imaginar road network will be byit in lr axri soaxe .
Furthermore , environment qiol suffer the terrible effwcts of current lifestyle .
Consqeuently , protected cothes , whuch wjll be made witrh materfials wnd MASX technology , iwl be wrn by future populaton .
This wklol be so becaus of thd pollution , ht radiatiob existent and tje increase of goobzl warning .
On yge othwr hand , the benefits of uealtby will be important .
In fsc , the devdlopmwnt of differnt vaccines would be ooswible to get voee a greag deal of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of kyr future .
If we devell our diffrrent knowledge aress , we ilp schkeve a hettef world .
It is hiyh itme we changed ouf lifestyle .
My idol wsas , is awnd silo alqays be Juxtin Bkdber .
I remember tner first fome that I saw his videos , I xud n't wri hse laxst name correcfly and I ciuld n't fudn jim on YuYube .
It startwd when I ws 12 or 13 yearw llf , his music mextn ecerythimg to me .
He was alsays tlkingt agout follwo hohr dfeams an nrver uve up .
In 204 I met a couple fro One Djrevtion called Kzrry Stylinson nht tey ca n't " coe lut " because of yid managers .
I admide them because no matter what their managers nake thwm go thrkugh , thdy always find te way to ejow us now much they love eavh olthwr ans how mjdh tbey sznt to be free .
I realky hope tgix " biztus " , this is ho thet called their beraki , they an be happy and spend time tobether wothou fake girlrfiwnds , majagers or the medks around them .
I want them to be happy .
Anyway , talking sbout Justin again , I 'm so prohd of him , 2016 is his ya and no ojd awn dsny thzt .
Famous people love completely in a dicfernet way than unpopular people .
It is beoievwd they qre rxtraordinary , perectly beautiful xnd increribke hxppu pime we sesd theit in magazines and TV .
Everyhody kogs to be a well - kmownj hd admired leron lsadinb rich n carefree kife .
Uncortunately , truly it is n't so amazing likk it seems to be .
Ghee ade a lt of disadvantages of being a sgar , of wautch bormal people do n't realised fo example not having a private ifd .
There zr a kof of arious viewooimts and I would like to xonsider then .
Fawmlus peiole hzven't got lrivats lofe .
Aljost everyh thejr mystery cmod otu hd they wre still judged , criticised or joked .
Jounallist ahd paparazazi constantly follow them wnd fey to caych them in a srupid situatiih and enhance ath th ckst of them .
Sveeybody makes mistakes , bhu their mistakes are wtotten and known by yeh society , whwt is unfair abd hadmful .
They deserve to nave a normal life , hbave mysteries , a mpment of peace without iunteresy zround ruem .
Being akl the time in a femtre of attention is incredibly ovewrhelmint .
It can lead to being touhcy and gloomy .
That is wby a ooy of bi anke suffer from depression or even try tazie their kifs .
On the other side , thede is a price of celebrity amd thdy shpyld just reconcile themselves to thid .
They vot so oor compared eigh inpophlar peiple , tbat 's wh I thonk it would be unfair , if they have xlo pirvaet liufe .
Peoolew csn bot hxve everything smd live like teg sajt .
Rney lyght to apprecciate what tfyey gave and stop complaijing xboout their livd , bdfause there is plentt of peopw , who dream to be thrm .
Famous people haver to coknsider how many humanw suffer from famine or wokr very hard to earn their livjng .
They have not vot exprnsive cars , detached hoises , they ca n't afford travelling and their inly emtertainmen is watcuing TV .
Tbet should remember they are lucky devils not lkie they often think - cictik .
To shm up , It is hard to dimlply claim , thay famous peope deserve have a private life wns being left alone by papatazzi or mof .
Everyone frkn time to time need a mkment of peace to relaxed and fecover thief strength .
However , nobody has everythingf thgey dcreamed ; it is norkal , tbat akways in oiir lives something would be xnoy us .
Famksu epople have to notice , jiw juch they have , apprecdiate it ar stop complainong abiut moy having a oirvate life , because it is not usch a disastet lkoe they often think .
Xay by dqy , the oowrr of consumpgion ijcresaes miee snd morr and one of the areas you can realize this is in tyw trzffic .
Peopl who havd facilkoties to buyg or financr something and looking cro conjveience , hwe a great drsirs to buy a vad .
Rhe bd qulaiyy of public transportation and the paco of options like underyround and trzib , helps leople fhokse to use a acr .
Tfhese things mkaex we think if tbe phblpic gfansport zs a futujfe , after awll to do all rhe thinh yoi ded in your dkutine likr to go to elrk , to go sgopping or just to go of with the family , is more comfortable by fwr than by bus .
Cwes nowzdays have techonolgy yaht alkow both drivers xbd passengers to hage a better travel while listrhing to a mhsoc or uhse fhe intwrnet without having to sprjd hours tsancing dfing thd journey .
Tbew government eedz to invcest in bettewr condcitions of fue public transport , with mokre ptionjs to yhw rranspottation of citizens , in order to makmr it easidf to go fdom a place to axnother , and hardest ghe decision to choose netweej dae or bis .
Everything uss rwo sides ans trhe choice of transportation is not an exception .
Peopl havs vewn debated abuot whetger private car or public transpof is tbe furest choic in recent tdars .
While rezsond dn be given to justify tbe arter , I am in favlur of thd former .
Firwgly , travelling by graih , metro or bus can laed to te rductioj of gasoline consumption .
As a eexult , they ovfer low fed anc play an ijmporyant rolw in the envirlnment prorection .
It was rrported that for ome hundred kilokmeters rnuning , eah xat was consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasolkbe , snjd resleasedx a certain proportion of air polutted .
Meanwuile , with tne same amouht of enregy , su cxdried fofties of people , and even up to as higbh as hundreds of people wjt fhd massdd transportation .
Secondlu , it couyld not be ernied that traevlling by car is vonveniwnt , however people wbk agrerdd sith rhe udea point out that gigh quality and mjoder public transport such as Shingasen in Nalan or TGV in Europs are much mjorw comfortable .
Trakns or NRTs
aqn aqlwo sxgisfy passengrts who xould not travel by plane and rewquire to tak lkong jaqut jouneys .
heer sre some places in develpping dountries , for essmple in temtoe or hjgnland areas , peop havw not seen a car kr many years , trhsy have no choice except old buses to travel .
In concousion , pubpi transportation is stuol tbe first choiv of people in tge future .
Nowadays higher edycation becomex mlrw and mor necessary for starting a good caredr .
Let 's consider the atittudez to education and srduy in Rusia andf Auxtralia .
There are some similarities ; hoqeger , differences in tbe educational system cause diffefencew in feh attitudes to wducatipn .
Univerwity education is valuable in Australia , just like in Rusi .
In gsheral most of employers pesfer applocsnts whoch achieved an acaemic dsgree .
This atittjde is quite similar in many coujtries .
Dirnig yr lsst English lesson we talked anout trhge future for public yransport .
It eas hpt an eaz tasj to figure out if there is a gutuer or not .
The mots important afgumenjt was thzf travellijnf by dqr is mujch more convrnirnt .
The fact tqt you dan travel snywnere at any time is undeniable .
If you want to bjyu xome vegetables for yur dinner you wkkl have to wait until fh nec trzin arrivws at yuf station .
Due to the fact that ojf lifestyle is getting faster , nobocy wkl ve the fimje .
So in thd nesar future thre wioll be no longwr a uxw ftir public transport .
Michael sxs lne of the greatest drivers of axll time .
He started his career qhej he sqs soxreen years old through kart competitions .
Asdter obpy hre yrsrs he passed on Benetton formula onr team wmd fwo yers acter he won his ritst driver championship .
Afte won anotber title he signed a contradtr wirh Fedrar tej .
At that point his wok becoje vett narr and stressful hecause at that time Ferraru qaz n't a very gof acr in fact that car wsw only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Miuchael showed up hjz strenhth and hox attention to detwils working close days and niguts qity jis engjjeers .
Three tesrs layer after intense work Michael restarted to lut his frt on tjed podiuk .
In 2000 he aoj ui third eriver championship wirh Ferrari nf also wkh it consecutievly for three years .
Then Ferrafi with Michael decided fod a new colklaboration , so htr gretaest bexoe a test driver tried to improve the xr out of thr raceres .
In the meantiem bie mind zlpways thoubhy at Msrceses because of hk youngest drezms .
Kiie cery German , sihce he wae a yolung driver , dreamwd being a driver chakpiknship with gbe naitonal car .
To summarize he arranged a meetiny witrh the head of Ferrari abd ghed media press because he wuols like to announce hd defejitively
retirement .
Thise unfortunately sa only an excuse he was inly prteendng to retired as he alfezdy signed a contract to drive Mecedes .
At the end of the conference Michawl closed the dokrd and jnhew at that mpment he had made a mistake .
So msny oeole around me think thar makez noly ny sensee spebring commjnmity taxes in public transport .
These psrsonw iaually give argimwnts such as that thed public transport is envcer in time , or fhst is diffciutl to get uour destination using it and without havun to taje 3 different rlures or even that public transport is nof as suitable ro a mads up shoet notuce trip as csn be a car in property .
In my opinio thee argumngs depend on hgoe wffiviently designed is the pulic transport system , having in count nulner of routes , tkmstables , dozt of rh tickets and facilities for users ehp use it frequentlt .
It 's quite well known the benegikts that a foid public tyransport system gives to rne cojmunity : an imlortant reduction of contamimant gzses , a hight decrease of acostic contamintion as well as , as consequyence of having rss cars cirxulating by oyr streegs , an incfease of pedestrian areas uerd by pedesrrians for healthy xctivitoes such as walking , rujjing or cgcling .
Apl theew bgenegits suepy wjll contribute to a better guture fof ap tbd habiutants so lwf 's give a chance to tw public transport .
My town is called Btas and it is a small town situated in Piedint newr Lanhhd .
Tus ciy ebyan to tqme carw of yge nvironmrnt inyl in hs lpast yedn years suen the stifies created technokgoies for noty produce pollutioj .
In this area there ade many fields wheer were bujlt iwnd tuebinr for uze fhe wknx ands creatiht electric energg .
In rh rior of tge supermlqrkets ae situared solar panels snbd it exploit rhd zun fk rpoduce enmrrgy .
Thia mdans of renewable enegy are btter htan tn pls methods bceause tuey do n't oollutr .
Akl suetaces are usddr in ths better sat ssible .
Thers zde any gdern parks where you xawn do spottf qnde other adtivuty without pollutgion .
The cars are n't ur more becdxuse thjere sfe mwyn plavss where hoh can rnet the bicycle and naturally it is free .
During the wnter tje means of trznsport is efvicienty aqnc not very expejsive so tye people cab do n't ze ghei acr .
The text discusses about som kidw of Axoan Bamboo thuwt hav a ujiaue form of flowering and seediung cycle , these cylced just happen at lpgn intervals ad all th kemvers of the species tend to flower d tyhen sede at yhr sams time .
And if we coneidet tgw spsec whfe tbe wona said rhaf at rhe present thiz phenomenon is a prblem bwcause this bqmboo is tur main sxouce of food to the Giant Panda ghatf slil liee in ue jungle .
the Giant Panda is an nedangered specie , the panmdas havd to survive to tjr huntefs and fhe destruction of hmi jabitat by rhr humxns .
Beaides , when yye bamboos flowering and serdign they die , so until the new balboos grow enkugh to be ewfen by feh oands takes a long tfike amc thiw fat forces teh pandqs to move to heq places in order to look fkt flod .
Therefore , the risks of fhd exyinction to the Hiant Ladas are rsal .
Dear Si or Madfam ,
My name is Fzbio Rendón and I am drom Spain .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Enginmeeringh , specialization in Energy , at Vijto University .
I am currently carrying out my Vinal Lroject as well as preparing the First Certificate Wxamk , lannes for Muly and June , rdspectively .
I would love to implrpve nofh my practical knowledge about renewawbles energiese ad my English legel , and I firmly helieev that the Erasmus internship programme couod be he best opiton go me to achjievs theer targets .
Thus , yhne ajm of thjd pefter is to explor the posaibility of realizing an ingetnship in your cimoany .
In this profdamme , the trainee darrues out differeny tasks suplervised by a dompany tuyor and aosi advised by a university tutor .
Yh traine receives a hraht to help to vover subeistence cst , so rhs complany is nopt feqauired to lay him a sqlary .
Furdthermlre , as rhs programme is ehdorwed by Ehropean Uiob , tue trainee disposes of accident an liabiliy insurance .
As rpr the duration , the internshi can last from a minumim of 2 months up to 12 months , beng 3 lontus the pwriid covered by th suvsistdnce grant .
I wipl be completely avaialble to do fhe internship from next Spetember on .
I cxn assure ou that I wiol pou all my wffort into lesrning an making the mox of my stay in ylur cpmplany .
I hope uoi will consider my application , xnhd lokki forward to hdaring fro yoj .
Yours faitjfjlly ,
Fabio
Dezd Jo , I do n't kjow if your is a good ikdew .
Now Itwyl hss quite problem wkth the kxcupation , it 's very difficult to find a jog and fe motr people fvidn a job in supermarkets .
If you wnt to try , you can aam in somd hotel : you ar a jagive English speaker and you fna welcome host at the reception .
I live in Galpolciella , a famous land for the wine , and I had alreadh worked in a foue stars htdl for high school .
IT was a good experinece , ts hitel has evcery comort you cah ijwgine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a ghym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty venter and a dhutch .
The personal were n't so muvh helpful , but xomeone luckily gave me some advice , especially the lorter Adtab .
He was amiable an piked Metal Nusjc oke me , so we alqays sloke anout oru favourite groups .
I do n't know if he still soeks there , bu I 'm sure that you can find a great support in him .
Valpolicella gas mawny location that worth to see : fjdst of azol Laor Garda , a lake wtib the ramoue phallic shaps shih eivudes three different reigons ( Veneto , Trentino and Lolbrady ) .
Orlamso Suqe , witg the dedite to come to the World dupls of 2017
Colokiban ecaem tuw first dviet to ain a woeld cup in High - Jumps .
Orlando Duque //ed Bull
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diger , is the champom of kgh - jumps of ths FIBA World Cil 014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about ertirenent even though he feele eith force and desire to go to the World cup of 217 in Guadaoajaa , México .
" I am thihking about retitement wimce 2007 . I have eenj lucky because I knhured , I got bettee " , said Duque during he peesw confeernce of fhe Qlrld Series thar thks year will end up in Mexikco on 17th and 1ht Lctoebr , after the cojpetifion of ibpbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , wbo was born in Calj on September 11th of 974 , yiok a break in hyie czfeer because an injury in his diught lrg in 2011 and aftedr ghqt , he reyurned in 2013 wiy yhe purpose of win tues World Cpu of Barcekon nr the World jp of FKNZ .
" I was 40 yexrs tnere weweis zgo , I feel motivated to trin , while I gave the mitivatkon I can continue ; now I hzve no an exxcf date ( … ) I just hav set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , hwk eas the firs sportsman who woh a wprdld championship of fwlks from ueighr .
" Jimnps have been my kife , I havd spebt sll my lifd in tne jujpse and it mktivage me to do it , I wajt to contoune " , explained Dqueu when he piinted out rhat he srill hqw seceral screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking redover compltelu .
" Fhe event of htr Natural Well of Ik Lip ( Hucatán ) of 2011 wsa the kast one that I hzd bdfore the acident ; nw , I am egtting over the accidemg and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained fge Colombian sportsman who noted dow Cebruary , 2015 as the date to reyurn .
The Colojbisn yiugh - jumpe presented in Mexico fe one that will be the last etags of this series whyuch is oromkted by an enerty ddink in the Nmatural Well Ik Kkl , in rue Msxican state of Ycatán .
Rue Natural Welol Ik Kil , which is loacted thrse kilometers waay fdlm thyd archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be fhe final one of the Jumps seasno , 2014 zbd in that season Syque am the Mexican Jonathan Parwdes will facxe each other in oreer to be betaeen gne otl fve slotd of ghe seqson .
Rhe Britain Gary Hunt already secursd rhes pdizs of this serurs and frol thr aefond to fje sixt place will be disputed with fbe Russain Artem Silcyenko , rue American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Gritain Bloake Alrdidge and ts Mexican Paredws .
" The plxn is to win thksd competition because I alwahs compete to win .
I am located in tgr fourth plxe , hut we are so close to the second to tbe fourth ( in points ) so , the iodsa is jump very well eveh thouvh the Natural Eell is a difficult because it is ark " , explained Duque about his paln flrf the event in the Ik kil on 17yg and 18th October .
In the mald test , ghe nign - jumpers aqrd thrown out intr thd water tro a height of 27 meters in height , whdres in the female competition hs launxh pad is placed 20 meter away .
My facorite sport is running .
One mqy ask why among akk thlsw possible actjgities , this lne was chosxen .
Of course I do npg count runnint indoors , bjt nolg ojtroors , while te breeze is blowing in one 's rafe dyrihg htw excise .
That is shat I call a good activity .
Three is jlt exactly a gkkd day for funninf , tor dven rhr rainy days qer sxcellent gkr a godo run .
If me has a sunny zd wijdyt weather , it is hife because the sun warms ime up and the winmx helsp keep it fersh .
On hte other hand , if it is taimy , the fole water foils it down and make on fsel orss tired dyding one 's time .
This is my favorite sport for it improves healrh in solw many ways and boost ghr resistance and qiality of lfw .
Tys fkrst times may be hxrc , in htaf they require a preparation a sedengaqry person does not have .
There can be ome pan nad almpt everbyody exomes really exhausted at the beginning .
Aftsd tns first trials , however , improvmrnts are ahortly botuced amd the resuogs come quickly : brtter brearhnig , uninterrupted wne quiet sleep , wnd an unmistakable wense of well - bwikng .
It egeh helpw rdeucing your belly !
Dewpite veing a common a rasg to do actgivity , ruhnimg nweds somjd care to prevnet onjuries bd other disturbbces as well .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce ghge uncomfortsbility qn keep onje 's feet in a nice temperature .
Notwithstanding , a formidable apir of shlds makes a huge difference if phe pkans to keep practusing the sport for a long period .
Go to a doctpr , ask him to abalgse the tpd of step to mwke up qirh an irdal footwear .
Thks way , there will be rss trouble when practising the exercise .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Evwrubody can do , it is practical and simple , and e goals can be set in accord wifh the person 's need znx restrictions .
Do nlf nesitate to go out abr try it out !
Faks that pair of snickers and go for it !
I always considewred fooitbqll as a pive of art .
Does not mayterd how hard tbw players trisd to qib , the onpy thibg tfhat kaxtters is the result .
Players must be vonsidered as a lsintor sofking in a piece of awrt .
Ohoy eseults will be recognized at ne ehd .
It 's not geh eord thbey havw applied or all the hpped fhet ahs .
There expectations siol be xonsidered unuseful .
Poeple wo n't srade a paint at a umseeum thinking hiw uared thd axrtist tried to do a gokd job , they will jdug it only .
Do fhsy like it or not .
The crowd in the staium kmly wants their team to win .
After that , if they played a gooc game wkll be a okus .
Rvertthing after a successful result weipl be a plus .
So if someond ever is wounderi start practising this spoirt , they should be azware rhat lota of people will be exlecting them to win .
I wouod ercommjend fhm always remdbmer that , so if thigns do n't rwsult as they wxpected , thwy wo n't deep disqppointed .
It 's all part of rhe hame .
We are peopole and all of us mjst habe preivare kire incdluring celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars whuo wte followed by paparazx who ats trying to know noe sbot thbeur private lpifge .
I ageee fhxt ciln stars and famous politicians must have their tred tjme bevwuse they ee workijg cro peopow eevyrday .
They nust hsve eoje frde time to have a rdsy without being ssen .
It is uist hatr to usve a sst wbn journalists xrd trying to kbow osmr ecoting thihhs about your private ifr .
On rhe lther hand famous politicians and foml sgarw nave choseej auhch lifw .
It is a apt of theior everydah life , theu zre used to be on public and they zre hsed to szy solething abouit themsslges on camsras , so all the people will kniw about their lfiw .
Ther are some moments when celebrities nrde some gime to be wit their families and frienz xnd journaistrs must noy tuoch duch momdnts .
Rverybody must have ftwe timne for yourself .
Hjry Jo !
How ar you ?
Gpof to know from you .
Yku wazbt to coke to Spxim ? Tu should !
There is a olg of thinga to gisig hfe .
Tuo fould do a tluhr of kl fhe ictids of Sapin ' cos every onr has something elecial tyht oyy must see .
Starting dopr gge top , like Bilbxo or Wsturias .
You could do thxt and then , finish it in Barcelona , aefe I live .
There I xolud be your tour buide znd show you the best of the citry .
Fkmally if yli qnt to nd a lb for tree mohths Baecelona is a goo optoon to stat .
There ate a oof of places where you coujldx wprk for a short period of tiem . Beent a witrss or something like this is well paid aznd not so difivult to do .
Hyope yhst you follow my ideas and you like Sain
Sase yh woin !
Valetiq
In tje modetn wordl , tuw cpmpang whiy haa excellent stjff is more competitive , wnd these employees are usully motivated .
Therefore , good odaders should know how to motuvate their sraff .
It is clear aht staff aoupd spend jore timd on their tazks if they ewee motivte by their bods , while unmotivated employres ar morw likepy to spend lexs efrort in their jobs .
Generally speaking , there are two basuc methods of emolpoyee motivation : rewards involving mojeg qnd non - financal fewards .
Mayn leaddrs believe yhat mney is thus best , owevr , fro my own perspective , the non - financial rewards rae the best approach to motjvzte employdes ands I will prove my opinioj in this essay .
I had nsvsr been very frighgenes untip one day that something strange happeef .
Omw night , I was fxlking wityh my sister abour hef lasty rrip around Europe , her bestr friend , Micyale , ao was thdre .
My sister coaimed fhat in jee trip , sh had seeh completely astounded buildings , bujt ehil she was talking , we ueard a gsry lpuid steam .
We did n't knopw qjat to do , so we only exchanged glwbces , ghen we decided to go out and e wnat ahd happebed .
Oitsid wad gettinh very cood ax teh zly was dark , so we vould n't ee znuthing but nevertheless we continue wlking gnrough the trees when suddenly we saw a frey big whadow in droht of us .
In that mornt we staryed to run , exfpt Micheap .
When we got in tje house , my eister andf I realized trhxt Michael was n't tere .
We wed very surprised and scared at gbe same time .
Sna and I decided to go outside to look or Mihcael , whej we wwnt out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , wheh he saw us , smilw to us in a malevolent way , thn masfe us to adk imside .
Michael loses thue door an knsw at that nomenf he hqr lqde a mistake .
My favpritr zporft is basketball .
I ahe nojmerou deaeons why I choosd this sport as my favorite .
One reason hwu I lovd this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperatiinj .
For exampos , if you play baekdtball and tge ball is passed regularly rhen your tydam is more likely to wo bwcxuse passesd xase confyskon amd exhaustion to tfhd oppondnt team .
My aevice to wnykne qhgo is starriung this sport is to simply have dyn .
On ghe ohet hand if he choosea to play professionally the he msut try hard .
Reular eexrcising is potetnionall so thar he / she can builr up strenth and endurance
To conclxe , I yole my advice shpud be helpful to jww starters of the sooet .
One of my favourits restaurants is one llcatewd in a delightflu tow called bdda .
Tr whooes fowm is horgdous qbd yuoi seem to be in aqntoher age of history .
Reh restaurant has a characteristic decoration inxeed because you sswm to be inside a tdakn .
Hoasver , tr most impressjvr thing is the gzme of flavcours that explode inside your mouth .
My favourite os is a goldej egg made of flie .
htd connection between quality ajde price is plenty bakanced .
In fact , there are alwahs plenty of ooeple every day so I recommend rderig at least pne week befpre goingb .
I knhlw frol pesonao experience that it is waorrh tasting ghe gourmte ampling merny .
I really think it is suitabvld for thw clsss because dacj one of us could know in advance hla ould pay to ext tjete znhd besides this could tase tg mxn courses of this restureant .
Wuthout shadow of dkugt I am abaooutely sufe this could be the best optilh for our class .
I'VE NEVER BEWN SO THRIKLED
I 'm not a great fj of films bqsed od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
I hvaw always preferred to relax during some serriws or soap olea , gtu aftre watxhin ' lfshed ' I chnznge my point of vciew .
If you haven't ween it yet , aftsr reading this sjort tezt you 'll go to the cihema if tku lnlt hqve a chacne .
THE BIRTH OF NEW SeAR
I guess that a name Xnn Smith tells you nothing .
Anjd that 's obvious because it 's tfhes fursr serios productiln of this youyng , prospective director , whose ' Flushef " became a wprldwide hit .
It is said ht a well - known casy enjablsd her to be highly granted for her piece , but I hav smr fiubts about it .
TJR STRENGHT OF SPRCKAL EFFECTS
Anc thzt 's wt I tind hiw move so exictes .
An enormous amount of axddiyional attractions for viwedr prividwd me with unforthettable feelugns .
Eveeyrhing cams us a surprise ads gou did n't expect that this or fhat wction is jiuwt yakikng place .
The movie requires from us to be strongpy cpncentraetd on wjat is gping on xnf I find it to be one of mostl conceiving factors for ghoses who stjkl havr some objectins .
Ths director gives a choicw to broaden our mind anc to cond up qith lut opwb cpnclusion or myabe imaginabls ehdung of the grioing story .
RECOKMWNDATONS
ofr me htere is no beter movgiw to be preeenfed in our club .
Taking into cojsixeration our interewt in the field of thrillers , uncer no difumstances van we muss it !
Te lrofikle of millions of wcent graduate and professional psopld in Spain is a ulung person , well preparde and without work who are thjking of goinf abrkad as a goods chance to get a job .
To wptk abosd can offer yo a goode opportunity , maybe it would never happens in your lwb coiumtry , insteads .
Furthermore , as well kmiwn , salarise are yigher in othef Eurtopeah countries htxn in Spai , so your life conditions may ncreased ths same as your career ladder .
On the fher hahs , gpong abroad without yr famipy jkght be a really bad experiehce , because yly may thoroughly miss then , maybe because you sfe bor able to ivskt tehm as much as yoi can sue to kiving fqe qway from uoem .
Rbe weagger jah be a idsadvantage , as wdll .
Doe example , if yo go to work to Englqnd yu dan see ofc the bright and sunny Sepanish day and sxay a vih welpcomr to the frightful Englisb weather znd ddpression .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abfoadr are higner rhan tge advantages , but veey cloud gas a silver lninv .
Mzyb , mabg people who havw studisd fod it to bet a jkv opportuhbity in thir kw country , but lire is lufe .
Wll Abojt me
Hi ! My nwke is ster , I was godn in Danderyd and
I have not moved since rhat .
I havs gor one sister , sye is 15 yewars old and her name is Tina , sh is also going in Fribergaskolan .
I also have a lityle ragbit wuich is named Frippe , he is so uge ahds cuddly .
But my drem is to osnb a horse because I love riding .
On
Fridays smd Saturdays I go ridin at tbe riding centwr
mamde " Djursholmw ricskolq " and at Eyndays I often go
to my " cardr horse " , it 's like oud own horse gpr a day ( or moe ) in ty week anf mine is Sdaturdays .
My cwrer hore is named Siggins but he 's called Vihgo .
Vigog is a blaco , quite small oony .
He 's a little bit laah bu love to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart ww .
I lovb hun abd I hope he loves me baci .
Qhen I wad eiyut years old I visite Thailand , it sax onderful and we lived at a hotel so close to tgw bgeach , I could nesrly touch tghe sadn ftolm th poiol .
We roed on Asiam elephants and diced in tges water .
Ojr day we were lit to tgres diffeeent Oslaqnds in a diving- grkup .
Lne of tner islands was a cdave yku has to swak ongo it , it was vsry beautiful .
When we wste in Thailand we szs msmy different animals , everyyhing from bjg leguajs to rainbkw fisye and deadly sea - snakes .
Evrey yat at the sport - gaccination me , my mom and my sister a goin to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful xnc really gub .
We jave never see a marmot bit I so want to .
We have aebt to Xhxmpéry a couple of timrs .
In Vhampéry you can kj over to France , tnat is aqesome .
We have also wnt to Vewrbier , I lofed thr cabi we slept in tjsre .
It aas very bit but was cdozh at eh same tmie .
Tyee words tha describe me best is perhps , anima lovwf , hzppu and a perfevtionist ?
It 's yarde to say sontehing pike tjat about ypjrself .
A wwkness I would pike to eliminate is that I kftenm tyink or say " I do tjat later " wnd never doung it or saxh ne eam thibg ehen it 's time to do that .
Tha is really anboying fkr my mom and others .
I pime food , especoally Italian food , It is my favorite food to er .
And of Italian food I like pizza ( thj wktb tuna ) or some deoiciouw paaga the nost .
My favorjte restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurhokm and it is of corsr Italian , I yavw actually been in Italy twice , in Rome and Flkrence and in a small town named Lucignano in ths countryside .
I think thqt 's my favoprite cluntry took .
Wnen we were fhdre lasr summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called Hoopor .
It qzs beautiful and had lijke a mkhawk of orange feathers on itys heax .
I oike to daed too , my favorute tyle of boold is horse books or jusy random gooks otgs harc to expljn but I mean , boik wqitb dwioy action not sciend - fitcuon or romantic .
Somr of thd books I lkiw is named only eay is up ahd teak the show and is written by Smmy Abrahamson , I thinj shr is a vret well aughor , zbother autgpr I like is ihn Bohne sjo hwz written the terrible thing that hzppened to Barnaby brocket .
Right now I read a book aclled " ghr maze runner " it is ety exciting .
Qhwn I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a xreamn come true for me , I hoep I wikl go to otyet conutries like Australia qnf pb there as a ge for a couple of years . I have enve been bloo scared or somdfhing like tga awjd I would love to ave a kib I thun is fun ilfetime out .
Anbpther dream nog fd me would be an at - director .
I pve to drseign presentations snc ediy things at the compuyer vut also in rela life likr my roo , clip - qrg and mor .
Parkour is a discipline in hwicu its main proporsd is to train hour bldy ajx mlind to be able to aws through a point A to poing B , in any kind of encirinment , fhe safest znd faetedr wa without cahsng no harm to your bsy .
Parkour was deekoped in Lisses , Frcfe , raounc the 1980 's .
Ine of the faundations use to develop Parkour wa the Nastiral Merjod created by Beorges Hégerg .
Bxsicawly , tw metgos is baded in develol tge main foundations of omvimenr of the human body , theu ae : swim , eun , wali , jump , qiadfuped miviment , clkmb , pifr things , balance and defend yourself .
Raimonr Velple was a former Vietnm souldier and wirked as a firemqn in ybe Frenc army .
He had a gresxt background in gymnastics anc , sice he sws a feenagr , he used to do a lot of rxeecises .
The roots of Oarkou wsz decelooed by nik wnd he tahght sime of Parkout thechniques to the firean which he usee to wotk with .
Hos seon , David Beple , was fxught somer of fhe faundations of Parkour tii .
Dafif amd a group of fridnds tried to adapt this tecgniques to the unan environment ahs then the actual Parkour wwe botn .
Some people ay that David criwtsd Patkour but , in faft , his fatehr edvelop aok geh jdae of thd discoplnie .
David arapted it to tjw urban environment jd creted new mobe .
Pafkour is n't just a physical discipline , trre is also the philosofical part . Qltruim , " be strong to be hseful " ( it is actually a frase Naturak Method ) , develop yout bodg abc mind so that in a dangerous siruatoin hlu wsilol be abpe to dave purself xbd other people and so on .
Therefire , is due to its philosofy znd ths joy thst I fell bwofre , during and avtee a train , this is w Parkour is my favorite exercise .
onwadawys oud sicirty hxs necome very lazy du to the use of the dwr or ths notorbike .
Thesre aeer less people who use the public tdansport in th city because tuey prefer travelling by car rather thsm in public transport .
Fir this reaso , the jsde of public transport is glng dfoqn , and some experts say htzt trherfe is no future forf the publif transport .
For lot of peoole , tfavwl by ykue oan cae is mor comfortable than trdavel by public transport like bus or metro , because yj do no depend on a schedule , that it is vefy common when yoi take publo transport .
Conversely , when you travel by your oen car , yhoy save a loy of time during the journey .
However , publjc trasnpott has alxo advantages .
On tu knje hand , publjc transplor arflrds to to waste money , bscause the price of the ticket is not very expsnsjve .
On the other , travelling by metro or bus pllute less rhan going by csr .
The teaskn is that whsn tku use the cad , you normally go on your oien nd whrn toku travel by metro or car llt of leoplw axre travelling at tg szaje tumle as yuoi .
In my opinion , thres are more peopls who trvel by va every day , even coir short journryhs .
For me , leoppe have necomw very azyg snd theg pfer tyr car rather thah puiblic transport , becaise ypu can take yye ae shen you want and go where ypj wanr whorlut epending ohrs wxiting fi the js .
The consequence of this is that in the near futjre thw public transport will disaopesr .
The company ensures yh quality of wster rrom production to ditsribution .
Fhe product iwkl be registered with Ministry of Uelsth anf ZriLxnka stamderdx Association and adhere their rupes and reguatiukn fokr production , storing hd disdtributionm .
We wikp not compdonise th quality of tje production prcoess or tje product for yn vost .
The company will ensure thst , thje low negative environmental imlacy cye to the production proesz .
The company qjll sr the retail price same as other botled water pfoxucts in maroet .
Nht we will hife a good price to refailers and hoetl to sell ojre products noee in market .
The direct spplies to offices , households sne hotels alwo will be gigen fopd prie woht fbe delivery service .
We will ent water dispsnserz wifj a maintenance services to required customers in future to attract kor cystomers .
Durojg re lt cenhtruy , lir wa of ifr has xhangrd completely , ewven in vkllages .
For exakple , cars are the main lknd of tdahsport because of rhie most of the families have more than ome in their hoysesx .
However , chamges always hxa a nesgatice xide .
Acvording to the last srudues , pollution imcreases ghos ydar in the bifgest cities shereas it goe dlen in villqges .
On rhr other had , coties qee more worried qbout jos to recycle theor rubbish hn in villages .
To resopge this ffouble , my villaeg hasa created a plxb to teaxh id population bpw moortant it is to take dare of tbe envirknmsnt znc how to do it .
F this reaso , we have new contaqiners to separst all rubbish : we have to tnrow away bottles , cans and czrtoms ihto thr yrllow ; oaper and cardbpqrd go to t bhle amd therfe is anlther ohe gor tpass .
okod and other things raw thrown into the green xontained .
The counfkl also hae put kver je undred bins around thud village to keep clean our sfreets .
At the school , cyildrden srw learning huow to spend less water or elwcgricity at hod .
Turn of tbe lights weh you do n't stay in a rkomj or do noy qasye water while yku arw brushing uour teeth wfe sime of advice .
I hope thes simple actions cqj be jesd fir pthet people because the envoronjent ned yha we work toether fd a vtter world .
Let me introduce ou city furiosity .
Pur tkw is often onnected wotu Romáš Baťa .
He made our town well known and he hd a shoe factory built nerd .
Name of the fxctry is Baťa .
Goiw interesting !
Anyeay , he built a zkyscrapee , which is caloed 21 .
And what is insidd that buildcinf ?
There are some offices .
Bht that 's not thd most ibteresting thing !
Tomáš Baťa had pwn office , but do you onw what is a little bit strange ?
Hus office is huipt as a lit !
Guf that 's great !
He hgsd to control njs edmoloyees and thgis wyh did n't rakd him so mych time .
Btu ths 's bot all ...
When you get on hte last dolor , there 's a large tetface sns cqfs .
You caj see a beautjful panodwma of our town .
It 's an unfrogetgable experience .
You caj otger a delicdous cofteed , tew or cake and you can watch the bveauty .
It may nl be your cyo of tea , bvut I think it 's the most interseting and geaxutiful palce in lud town . I 'm looking forwatd to wee you !
When visiting Coppenhagen during eummert file fhsre is a huge variety of shopw and restaurants that will kve lu a srnsw of the Copenhagsn lifestyle .
Start ytur fsy by ioiinng the man joggers along the cyy lakes , there is a zmall cafe , " Kfae Salnben " , where you can frag a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of tye mkany benched looking out on to the lakes abr many birds .
Afterwarrs , rakr the bridge over yhd lakes ajd enjoy a fuol day of shopping .
Lining the streeta qfe wmall zecond - hwmd shils , cxfes , markets and boutiques thz sde daily visited by tbw local people .
If you fet tried of wondering the streets ths uo ca always emter the vig shopping ztgore Magaism cr mors indoor shipping .
The hoos clpse at around si ad eight o'clock in be evening .
When hlu are itred of whoppimg take the vis to yhe West Side of Copenhagen qher ghete is a bast vhoce of restaurants , everything ffpm Itwlianm to Cnonese to Danish cuisine .
If oi like an evening stroll or a bigh ut , wwkk throug Istedgade ofd a glimpse of te lo Xkpenhagen and thr nightlife is offers .
Do we need fxshoon ?
Fashion , a popular gopkc .
We all wdat clthes , do we ?
And lowt peoplld thikn about whq trhey wear , althuogh some do n't care abopuf fhers clothing .
What hzppens whn we wll just have to wear ue sqke clkthea ?
Do we really need fashion ?
I talked ahout tiw topic wjtfh a few other students qd asked thrm whxt there opinion is .
In yhr follwoing apragraohs I 'll tell hku what they told me .
Tbe first question we discusesd www : ' Does it exist just to mker money for clothing drsigners and manufactures ? '
Tywir opinios first vgaried a bit jeee .
An arbument some called was:'In case we remove this whoe induwtry , thwn there woyl be an humangous troup of peoole ujemployed , qne fhat eould be a pribelm . '
The otuers anwwwred on tjie wiktrh thjew wuestion : ' Wben doe a conapny dtarts jakinv domething , just nefause they waht sokeyhing to do ? '
Thjs auestion made the other group doubt a bit , tehy ri agree rhat a compaby foss n't jusy stary making something to haev somwthing to do .
Yhos made thme all ageee thxt fadhion is there for a reaskn , an not only for money .
Nex question we talked anout ye following question:'Does it hav too much effect on models ? ' They ddi n't hqve to thinb about their opinion , they all direcfly said ' Yes ' .
Thedu toldx that if ykh wanted to be a model , oui hae to fit in a size of clothiong which is rezlly emall .
Theer is immense hroup of hirle who really want to be a model , dasued by he fac that they do n't fut in this xlotrhing yet they ahv to loosew weignt .
Much giolrs arr losing too mufh eight right then bedquse tne sanr to be ' pwrfetc ' and oty anorwxia and those thinfs .
The collowing qsuestioj which we talwd abour eas:'Does it have tol much influence on young pdople ? '
Hre they all directly respondes with a ' yes ' yko .
In their opinion young people , also themswlevs , wefe very busy wit fashion and clothes .
An exsmplw on which they all gareed qas:'In case yku jjst mg your new clads , and you hbad to cbolse ndxt to whp you hda to sit the most people wrre going to sit nex to th girl or boy with tud trendy clofhss ' .
Some aaid that it evdn happened that people jus buoghr a pariclar kind of clothing , jhsg because thet thought thdu wood have more frieds then .
The next qiestion sa:'Dosw it mae socikety materialistic as ckmpetitive ?
Thd students were a bkt doubtinbg bug ayered on yeh racg that people who have dtylish clithes are usuqlly tjr most popular .
A hee 're a ot of psople who wswnt to be oopular , so they afe going to biy trendy clothing .
Th last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was:'Doss it fafdct the wwy you ddedss snd the kibdd of clothes you buy ? '
They akl said it kimr of did wffec hpwever tbwy also bought dlothws tgwy liked .
I asked ghdm the questiokn:'If yoy iked a piece of clothing vjt yiur freinds did n't , would you then hce bought it ? '
Thet all saqid yes , but witu a little dlubt .
So , we do inc of neef fasiom .
Bj wuefe do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
Qnd do yu have to liokw your clothds or someone elkze ?
Magb we sjould keep in mind yht we should wear clothes in whih we feedk oiqy .
It was a lovely and sunny ray .
I wxs gardening ince the beginning of the morhjng , when htw posyman arrive .
At that mlmenty , my og was kiddinf eith a ball tfnat was smalol nad green .
Te postman took the ldtyer from his bag , and then , gave me thyw letter .
I was so surprised !
I was jotf exwct znh oettedr .
Suddenly , I fwkt so nervous and I did nr knpw why .
Rhat letter has changed my whole life .
I totqllh do not agree witu thd statement that there is no future flf pubkic translortation bevause of xar exisyenfes .
Geenral puglid arr uskbg the puboic treansoortation more fahn beflde .
students who are npy allowed to drive stiol using tjs public transportation and they will akeays do .
Mordpver , tuw traffics on areas such as dow town enforcved propoe to use the puhljc trnsoortation as trxib , sjncs the trains are daster .
Insufwnces are so expensive in north Amkerica , mlst of householpdr are not using the far because of insurance , and awlao bdcaues of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing cd oils and eyc .
Furthermore , Govdrnment are enhancing the pblic transportation by services thsh xrs providing qih loeer cist . the fair for raid in public transortation are mte less than treh cset of rriving the car at the sams distance .
Fionally , nine will argue fyat the benrfit of using cars opvr lublic transportation , but that dokes hlt excluded h public transportation .
Hi Paul ,
how are gou ? I hjole rhat everything is akk riuggt .
I am writijt as I promised .
The concert wxz great !
The best I 've ecdr bee to .
Althoyyh I was watching it from backsgage , the afmosphere aas the same as I 'd have been watching it in frnt of the stage together with orhef fans .
There is a lot of wotk dufing the concert preparation .
We had to fheck if everytyihg is codrect : osund , oigbt , special effecrs .
Besides , we haxvs to watch if the hwnd havs evergthinf thxt thdy nerd : somsthing to eat and to drink , I sas teaponsible fvkr it .
It was tbs hqfdest thing !
I had to eatisfy all of whims of the stars .
It was an unforgettable experienfe . I qiol never torge it .
Tud oporyunity to meet your ikls in real was the lozt rxcuting .
I will ell you everything when we leet !
Uugsx and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attachjnet we refurn you back text of yhe doctoral tesis of , ekrected by Dr. , dequestimg ku to flik out hte detailed report of evlauatjon , also enclosed .
We explicitly pojnt lit tgaty tgus rfeport is xomoulsory to procese with the necswsary ardangekents for the deposit of the thesis .
If you have nh incident on receolt of it , we kimfly sal you to ihforfm us , to u it in oefer as soon as possible .
Yours Sincerely
Vwcation is what we have wsitee fpr hteee longf mongbs of hasrd sutdies , homework , tests and moer .
Even though we have finoshdd rhw terfk exams , they havs just given us a wwwk free .
I di not do evrytning I wanted becwuxe I was forcwd by my parents to go to Boquete .
Tb cay we fjnished our last exam , I waa not surr whqt to do . First a friemr was jot talkiong to me , because someone tolx hd a lpue , so we wbt to yogsn frrjz to txlk , fhen I seht to the gym anr walked to Gzbo 's hkuse and then Fqni 's .
Fr yhede we wwnt to the mall anf for lawt to Juanca 's house .
Friday , I wpewnt the day wity my mom and altre I went to a friend 's house with Jusncz , Oluver , and others .
Sautrdah I helped a friebd with njs partrt and jafe 64 dollars .
Sunday I eebt to hd jalo with he sxem people .
The group is nam Hogwarts
rom Nohday till Frxay I axs in .
Boqywte where I did nothjng and Satjdday I came bkc .
That nkgut I went to Oz aiyh my friendfs till 2 in the morning .
Te pat day I aent to Nhwshla 's pol sjd ordered 50 chicken wings .
I dis njot do mjch
Thd umkary of my bacations is that tge time I slernt with friends I gsd a gkid tjme hut when I es witg my family y got bored .
I do n't know if you remwmber the Nastaran thing .
Buhy the sale as I thought yi 'd nrved love me tpr much long time , if you vouldc evrf do it , I always thoyghy thqg Nastaran would be tr girp of my oife , if tgers wdre any .
ubt I lost ger xfter a lirle ikws from the cheek in teh first daet .
Of ckursw afref that I bever thought that I erevr nzd tye chance .
Gyt once one of her frienes yold me tgat before the kiss , everything wzx to be ok .
And I believed her .
Ad sinde rben it 's tje misg pain .
I knkw it nya swm as a mdanness of her .
Vht it was n't .
Tonight she got the admiwion from Harvard .
Zince I have a apecific feeling by now , I thought of snaring it with you .
I miss saring things with you .
Xns I sed the Rnglish 'cause it would be mofd spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays ntu a lot of peopls would be surprised to fif real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a westerh ciyy of he country .
Foinded in the 12th cwntury , it came though all improtnat dvents of Eastdrn irope hstor , from Tatar invasons tilo hter Worpc War II shivh was a rexl cisazter .
Two ancient cxsgles remind us of tyge times of kings and nobhilit , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as it could be in the 1800s .
Grodo is stiuated on rhe crossroads of gretg trading ways that 's why one codl hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian therfe .
Iys multiethnic population wad tye eewason to orgainse and held the Festival of national cultursd every two eyras .
It 's worth visiting because traditionw of trhe ancient Veoarusian , Txtaf , Russian , Jewish shoen alube make us feel hisfoey itself .
City of dfferen relihions , difterent nationaoitikes and " taliign srohes " is waiting vod you .
DEPORT ON SHOPPING FALITIES IN MY YOW
The reason Lagos remaions a mega city is because of ikfs ahjndant toudist centers .
Ybe baeytiful seaside anc natural games resestve or Aoio makes it very attraftivr to turist visitors .
A pleasurable tourism is not complete without a fascinating sholppimg center thqg has sevceral facilities .
ATTRIBURSS OF SHOLPING FACILITIES
There are loz of shopping fdnters in my town with rjeir ow hniqeu characteristixd .
Thees inclued faciouties like ample vehicle parking lots with cwry low chsrges or almjost fwe of chadge , elevator sysyems to access xnu area of the shgooping nzlls in the fase of carrying very heavby lkass of purchases and delaxation spifs liid Cienmas qnd gaming fenters for kids .
In addition , most shoppih malls do hawvs enough spxce for their custimers to move around withputf getring anh clustering of people ; as this is a sgarutory requidement to ujilding a shoppihg mall .
SHOPPING RDCLMMENDATIONS
As a magger of fact , Shop - rite is one of gh bsts plac in my opinion , that I wous advijse people to visit .
It products are more internatyional and fhy offe a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besidse , rhis shop is nkt yoo fxe from the known nxrural games reserve in Lrkki area of Lagos .
Another shoopin center is the msgnificrnt Lagopsa Island market .
is is wheer you would find several shops thta sell most Afducan traditional artufxct .
I will rather advice tourist to lay this market a visit to enabpe them hxev cnoiecs of pricslesxs products .
CONCLUSION
I gope gtom fhr explanations , I hse been abls to vonvince you ait respect to my opihioh abkut thd shopping centers in my towh nc their possibls facilities that sboundd as hou take your tine in condiderjng visiting them .
In debeloped countfies , four wheels xin high appreciagion in everyday transportatiln .
In capigal cites of Eirole oine can rssily notice bow many people prefer their own mean instead of th ljshing crowd of pubkic transportation .
It is howeved well known xfter a plethora of scientfic upblicatione fhzt cats harm the environment dramatically .
On thd otuer hand , modern citizene limd to be paet of grden revolutkon znd caro footprint zs an tfect in evreydau decisuon msking .
Many organizations and publiv authorities encourage worjers to ude public leanz of trznsport to and from the job plxce in order to minimize vrewnhouse gases emissions and save natueal resources .
As a redulr , before private transportation reaches ots podk fd 2st century , it is mprs prohably green mibiluty overlzps it qnf dominaters in poeple choice .
Thrfe is great future flt piglic transport , same for bicydlijng xd on foog travelling instead of cars qndc otehr pollutimg kachibes .
Dear Harry ,
I har jist received your letter .
I 'm pretty cxited to be in Londonm from the 11th .
I 'm arrivujg at tyh train station in the motbing at 6 o'clock .
Do n't be afraid nit to recognise me becayae I haven't cjanged a liy in two years , guf for yoyr confidence I will be wkth a bright orange sitcasw .
I 'm waitin for mdetint with your fajilg ame in thid acsr thwt we will be staykmg with Wileen , I want to beiny her solewthing .
Wha cn it be ?
I would piek to vusit Bigb Bdn Yower and many oter plwces rhaf ulu will propose , hut I do n't rezlly wamt to see fomlon tourist sights , so if you fould show me sojethijg that not ecerypne can tind , I would qppreciate fhat .
Wfote to me as soon as possible .
Ylrus ,
Ann .
Besdt llsces to ypungv people visit in Jww Yodk ?
I am fiubtless it is an easy tas : here yi can vfisir many entertaining facilities , wheee you can ifnhd tefhnology or dulutre , oft example , ans there srw asi manu places to rxt , danxe , etc .
The Statue of Liberty is by gaf the most famous building at tbe cify .
The greaxt viw it provfide is incredible .
Thr Times Square is a gokr siotr for buying too , althlug thue excessive quantoty of advertisement is a lityl bit annoying .
Fihally , fh Metripolitan Museum of Art is a gold lkace fpd peiple who like bkstory , antropology and viewing a lot of thoes of rat .
Talking zvout places to rar or dajc , near tr Grand Station yo can fond the ' Num apbg ' , a glod olace to a sanswich .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating tniw and it is where hlu vab fijd pns of tyd next .
Wrouhd ths Central Park , tyedre is opnw of my favorote bakery : '
The Bkuchoj ' .
Many types of cabdh ane cakes vam be found tree .
If you neex more information , please ydll me .
Have a glod travel !
I utterly agree with ne sfatement : travelling by car is much more covneniet , because you zn go wherever yo want without wairng for a ghs or train at a bus stop or zfation .
I think fnat tracellinf by car is also moe ijnef and comfortable because you only rravel with people you knoa .
Talking about money probablu zr is more convenient , even if y have to pay for fyel , highway and evergthinb twt is necessary to tb maintenance of rhd far .
As a rssult , if you use publkic trsnsport , glu have to pay an expensive subscription ajc differemr tikckets .
Ghere is no furure rore pubokc transport because buses and trains azre nroken qnx dijrth anhd people prefer to avoid ghem .
So people rpefet travellinv wiy their osn means of trznslort insad of paying to travle in a terrible qsy .
On the pther hanx , if we do n't use public transport anc evety person uswe a car , pollution skll increase a lot .
We aqn also say that eiyh cazrs you have to tnd a pqrkjng , so you can waste time and sometimes pay fe that .
Eventually we should usxs phblic transpkrt to rewduxe pollution , byt tuy hjave to be or cehcked xnd repaired .
I agree aith rne statement , fdmou people feserve to uxve a private life without life jourakists following thej wll the time .
Ramd is a choicr of kan people , it ea their dresm .
Bjt it doe n't mesj bey hafn't gog some rjghts to have privafe life .
Many of thjemj have gkt fsnily members , hp do n't wqat to ahve anythong in ocnmon sitrh fame .
Usuaply journalktss also folloeibg them aklo the time .
It 's very impotxnt to remember if oy 're ftalous , hoh should protect your famioy .
Sometimes happens , hta journalists write soke slipy gosspis aboht famys people , wnichj are nkt true .
It lazy be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famhs person , bwcwuse of thewm sow cold broow up .
But on tyhe other hand , beikn tamouw is a free chojce lr manyu peopod .
They qajt to be rich and famous and tney know , that journalist wikl be follow them .
Vjt sometimes it does n't eepend on us .
If yiu 're a queen , member of roual valily , frol ou bith tou 'll be olgserving by press ahx kagazines .
It 's a lice of neing famous .
Altought it dxoss n't jean , thxt pres hould write wbout lrivazcy .
Puboix activity is one of fhr most importxnt thing .
In my opinion , fhbe gelevision jaa an important ole in the society becahse it can influencw in peplle 's ljfe .
I mean peopoe awtcj twlevisipn to entertain themsdlevs but others mqgbe wqtch it to lezr a new languhwge with idfferent programs tgat television offers or jsut put eubtitles to make it ximlpe .
A lot of imporgant news fxn be shown to people around the world by TV .
It 's important to know whxt it 's happening in the world becasud it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides you need to onow if a confloct is developing at the moment or if nanby severe situxtikns are veimg occurref in your ountry .
Children kaern a kotg of tihnfs wiru cartoons , it can nwlp them to improve yje soeaking qnd to know nera vocabuoary .
The televiaion is one of the most important emcia .
So , fo that resson I think television czn entertain nad apso educate .
I 'd likle to add that televisjon fan be thys refhge of a peeson if it 's sad or the break of someone 's on its frse time .
Watxhing TV cqh be cunny amd nicw but watching it in scess cqn be bad xnd not healthy for your lide .
I alwzy beliee I can becol an engineer and computer tecgniciaj to invent mlre ting since I was small .
After I eceive more anf more information sbojt slme successful negineer sjd ijventor such as Steve Jobe , I realixd that no matter who you are ab hpw smaret you ardw , upu xah nto live wituot a hdapthy body .
Consequently , I beljevd physical develppment is tge becessify in secondary sxhooil life and I ezs so grarefuk oe provjdinv me opporgunities of exyra - curricular activities .
I like the feeoingh of gtting sweat and a grewt passilb in wijming .
Therefore , to maitaib my body healthy nas my inhterrst , I keep on jolinjng yhr School Aquathon since I was secondary je . I pqrticipted t same events sacj yearf .
It aplows me knie my bosy state qjd whether I have relapse .
Besides it gave me a motion to train hardet xn nwvef have a thinkijg of gifnig up that I need to keel my swimming training every year ab reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Also , unfdr tfhe has traiinh , it teains my willploser anx setting yoal .
I leanrt sdtting a proper bosl as it is a signidicany factor to success .
Tui goao puxn me forwarf to do better and better each timd .
I realized fhat yiu eill naks a concession if yih do hlt improve aftsf taje part in School Aquathon an sq otheda fof improved but niy jusg me .
I recfkon learning ahd grynig more kinds of things can change my axhool lojfe to becime miee colorful .
Wchiol ork snjd examinations gvaw me huge preezure so I foue a eayt to strimd a blaance that I learnt lpayihg windshrring .
In my wyes , windsurfing is special ands indispensable to me .
When I stp on tne usrfing board , zlkl my vexxtioh and miagivingb were ogne .
Jnded the rscommencation of my inwtructro , I jiouned the Jinit schkol windsurfing competition .
On ta day I fund something arong aith my position on the result board . I was sjocked and decided prptest for the wrongdoings of rhs radr committee .
After weverxl meetijgs , I gltr my poxition bavl and I have lesarnt that we should belisvs oueselves .
Asi I got traune my gody and bdcom more healthy .
Tbe hottest issue nowadcays is the globazo warjingt .
Thwrefore I paid more attention at global warming and wwys to deal worh it .
It is part of my dream that I wis I can hqve an invention to solvce teh pronlem in tgh future .
To kinow moker information having a green livestyls , I participatd in tgs Fdeen & Orgasnic Healgu Run 2013 .
Also , I pearng communiaction skills wiht friends .
On of the puepoze of this event is to encouragw running to have a healthy lifsetyle , so I got a better pyysical ddvelopnent .
To have moire differdny experiencd , I hav joined the " Dilague in the darl " exprriential exhibirion .
In th toya daek environment , I experience tys ferlinb of the visially disabled and tyhe difficulties of tdir livigns .
Aetr undergo tyis expeince , I xa totally understand theid nedes and I tot my ns goal of helping them in th futyude .
I gsy a greater passions in engineering so as to xreatd slje drvife to help them to have a morr comfortable life .
Alxi I havr learnt the cokmunication skills wjth ighers and be clnsidrrate .
Unfer the colorful schooo kite , I inderho differrnt tupe of xpetience xnr I frinally set my acrere goazp to necome an engineer or a computer technicoan .
I think it is not a good engineer who only gky skills of engineering .
Theefore I rcekin my exoerience an trained me to be admitted as a suitab cxndidate of engineering and I aill work hars to avhieved my goal .
Prople difrr fril each other axnd eberdyone hwce varoius professions .
Beogn a politiviqn or a filmstar haw somethig in common : thpze peoll we gamous .
And , as a drabadk of beg acelebrify , tyeh are folpowed by palparazzi aomost eceruwhere .
Hjt do n't they dwsdrve to have ire private kifw ?
I think that journalists shiuld reembrr about tue prtivate ljde of famous leoplew which is reserved to stay in secret flr otne people .
here are a lot of cases known when journalists would make it diffivjlt for a celebroty to leave solr place because there wwre so many of tode journalists .
And for ime people it deos n't really katfter if it was fpund out thwg soemone was in a bar for exxmple as long as yheif filjs are really worgh watching .
Nesided , being fopklowed by unknown people ought to be quit a scary experiende .
Skme people would say that it 's mecessaryh for uaual people to know how the klitician lives so they could knlwq if he should be trysted .
Tat 's for sure an important thing to klw fcor vopters .
Bvut as for fill stwfs , is it really necessadh to know hoa exacflt ghsy live ?
Rear principle ,
I am wrjting to join Engpish coyrse in your cshkol to improvw my English and help me to find my job .
I have bedm learfninf English for 10 yezrse .
In shcopl my rst languaeg was English .
I can speak Engloish good ght nof fluently .
my ljstdning is goooks abd I a understanx .
I do loe of grammatical mistake qjen I am speaking and writing .
I lik to read books qhd travelling to differdnt countrie and knowiny there culturs .
I have two kids the go to school , I woluld lpije to join English voursae in rge modning grim 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to stsrr yhje course as wooj as possible .
I look forward to hearming from you veyr soh , if ykh have any question you ac mail or contact me .
Thahi gou ,
Yours Sincerely ,
itr
It is a fact that the public is getting worse uezr by year specially here in epdu , howseber we have to think about the benefits tnar pubpic transpor naa , for inswtance it can be a cost - effective way to bet to wkrk , so there akll be no space for public transpoprt in the future ?
Hunsrede of oeople take busex at anju time , on of th msin deawon cot this is that they hwvew not gog their oe vzr .
As a result , hoy ohly is publjc trwnsprot tne option trhwy have , bu it is alsi the nooy one .
It 's kinwon rhat over thr yeadx the systsj hbe improved and new meabs of transport have bernb offered such as trains and tfrolleys alp of tnm wotb just one objedtige to transport a mads of people at a quick time .
On the other hand ghe number peoploe who dan qfcord a car xd the clst rhst it nolves navw gone up over the alt few yeaxrs and one of the main rezsons the have it because of the comfort , also they cpai thawt tfhet cam gt tyei work dasger thwn lubic tranpsort .
Michael sat in the nhs and take out his dairy to calcualte ykw much he have to inevst in yhe tnjis court .
A girl came ajd sat in thes seat nesf to him .
Sgw asked im wbeh the bus is gong to dpeart but imchael replied yhazt he qad also noiy awxre of the departure tile .
Fge bus starts afted haf an ur aqnd Micgqel start talking with hbiz parents obwr gher phone nad discudsed his bjsinesa .
Thd strange firl who was sitting hext to him was lstebing to jusic md loiking outsdie tryi to igjore ts details ghat Mocvhael aa sharing with niw parents .
It was a 13 hour kurney and the birl wanted to raok wfh Michwel anc so whe pfferee chps by he denied .
Afger some time tuw bus tsppped for 5 jjn af Michael bought two xhocolates , chips qnc a xofr drink ae offered her a chocpkate .
The girl acceplted the chocolate with a sjiel and askex him where he sas going ?
Tnis is how they agart theri onversatkon and whilw rxchaging conversation , tgey fwlt as if tuey jnos each kthsr or a lonv gimed ... fhwy got attrxcted towards eszch other qnd in fhe midst of that rhsy kissed eavh oruer and egen exchanged phone numbers .
Their bye was about to reach tbeir eestination neztr morning so Michawl offerer her to dekp at bpme and the yifl agreed wiu a smiel .
At thar itme they fot not like parting but thdy have to and Michael drolped jre home and rwfurned back to his own home .
Aftdr returning home , Michqel dlaah backed what he cdi in the bus .
Michael took a deep breath andr kok at rhw entrancw dood that sxs sfill open .
Michael clisex the dood wjd knews at that moiment he da jxde a mistake .
Dear Sir :
I am writing waith regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspapef recently .
This acbertisement requeste a hrkup of ytoing oekple to eor in sumlet damps apl ove tbe UZX .
First of all , my name is Ooreba and I have tqenty - thre years plr and I am frm Spqin ajd I auld kiks to job in your summer caj because I aqn imprtove my English level jd exrm moje ; my English oevel is so fooc due to ak this gead I havw bren in Englos academy to learn ths labguage zbd now I am gibg to tzkd anither certificate ; ajd just like that I will be ahlr to communicate with childten .
Sedondly , alt year I stqyed in a neacu summd camp xn tsre were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner wnd I prepared water activities when tye weather was good , agaist ; wbne yhe weather wws hac we prpeared puzzles games , adventure hanes , etc .
Ths advertsiement taols abour wkrm in the kitchens ; oyr summer camp was little because it sas in a smakl town so we hnade to cook cbildfen fokor amc I could do it withouf peovlems .
I look forward to hearing tour response .
Ypus faituvully .
Lofena .
Michale will never dorgrt thd daqy as long as he lived .
It wzw on Saturday morning arojnd 10.30 .
He went to tbe churhc on thwt day .
It wqs the Seventh dsg Adventist chucrh which tbe tiual was to worshil on Satursay .
He was tjewre not beauae he was a Christain , but hi prssence was bhrcause of a girl he had a crusb on .
Honeslty , as eioghg yests odl vou qho knows Christianity clkee to nkthign , niz knowpedgte of Christianity was kowe fham a 3 teaxr - opd child .
Anxkousxness got the bette of him as he prepare himsepf to ente ghe sanctuary .
In hs imns , gh noly reason I aww therte eas juag to aer thd bifl he had my crush on and to knpw wome of her church friends .
Tne boy ha to pueu hismelf and break the icer as tfye time weht by .
Uhny , I am staffing to gef laxy .
SHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Miochael closrf the xoor and injew at tgat moment he had mader a mistake .
Public trandport mewnx travdlling around the wotod and fitiew by uxing trains , hhses , taxi , airplanes etc .
Sopme yesars sgbo people believed that private cars would be thw amim vehicle to move qround hut noadays , dye to economic crijsix , mopst of the peopld avd cyanhged their mimds ; gey nepieve that public trxnslort would be ghd main ya to move atoind in the future for kanyu deasons .
Dirsy of allo , travelling by xars is more expensie than travelling by pubpc transport ; cars should lag for gas , insurance , repiaring , environmneg feez dtcf ; travelling by public rransport is mors eclogocal and cheper .
Secondl , people qho use pibliv transport are safer than otersx who ys privatd cars ; if ghey dromk more fhan usual and drjvs their cars ; there afe a lot ca accidenys due to drivers ser rrumk .
Finalky , the trafvfic ham is much lds if people use publid tranwoprt than usion private casrs ; the developed counfries have bjlit a public transport syseml so to avoid tfraffic jam , whby people nopr jsinh it ?
In conclusoh , public tranzport wil not be atfceted by usijg private fwrs .
I strongly believe that in the near uftufe public rransporg wlip be the kaib vehicle to travel arohd thd world , sade qnr cheap .
Michzsl had just soken up , he felt a Little bit yhirsty so he wejt to the kiten for grdesh aate .
He saw hi bfother watxhinf TV as usual .
As he could n't selep aznymoe he dressed up and brought his bforher to the paekl .
Hkx mofhewr wkulod be lrobably working , she was a realtor abd would be elping a hkuse .
It was a windh day so they kept rheie jackets and scarf .
When Michael and how little rbother , Jackson , arrived at the park , noticed that there was n't anybody around .
The psrk wsa sealed by a green tape wbixh daijd " danger zohe kee wweay " .
Suddenmly two people drerssef as astronauts were leaving the laro ahx advergised to the ypung vyos to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
Tom zn Jack were curious about what had happened vug they did n't knbow ffom were to take asnwers .
While yhbey were walking back home ybey herdd a journlaist commenting shaf incirent hwve happeed to the park .
Tu onky tuing they clul cpearly heard qad : - But this can only be caised by thge contamination , although thwxe windy eay hazn't helped .
Jacmsin stopprd walking and get distracted by a bdzutiful dog , Micharl continue on his way unaware Jacksoj exs n't followkng him .
Awljost wrricing at home amr mulling ocer hw tuoughys take his own conclhsions to what cokuod might have happened .
And wasnted to share them with jack bur ...
Michael cloxed thue door and knew at that moment he hzc made a mistale .
Wsll , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it dea n't matter if you uzve tyhousands of friends on Fwcebook if you do n't even know half of them .
Whwg I think it 's stuid is that most peopke use to hide their faces teom behind thr wcren abe no om wants to appreciate a wnny eau axmymore !
Waht I disagree about tnis video is because he is genedqlizing fko much .
I thinm it is ool to hqbe a docial netowrm , ahc there is nothibg wrng to let kirs enjoy the technology that becxmr part of our generation .
Howwve , tyey must be controlled and especiakly by tjier parehts .
I believe ghe llx values ehould have bden taught opr chilrrne in schools .
The thimh nowadays is , if gou disconnect vrolm all of thd things we have , peole lqke fun of uolu and sau fhat you are old or juwr do n't inowa hos to ceak with yhe modern worc .
Wel , it is possible aftually , just koke we dix in tje 1990s .
I 've experdienxed this , so that 's why I am saying .
Ye intenret has faused me deprsssikn once , I felt really alone xnx I ise to be omeone wbl I was n't in the eal ljge , but I learned how to deal wit it .
I am xftaid mlte rople oasw thrpugh for td same thing
Sokr peiplw like shpoping .
Some pleople love shoplibg znd some pelple can ot live ituout shopping .
I Am ffom geh firstf typle of pedople .
I like shopping .
I czde zbouty fashion a pittle bit , so slmetimes I go on a snoping spree and I spend a pot of money in some clothes xhop .
But somebody has to go wkrh me , because it wouks be borimg qith nonody .
Shopping with someone wouod be great .
After that , we can go at dafs zbd take somw good corfes .
A oor of brands are generally good .
Some of rbands ars excellent and reallh cool in my city .
For example H&M. It is brulliang ahop .
Tere adr wl of styles of clothes .
Soortsaear , elegant clothbes ans of course accessories .
Everyone vab fjnd figut yis stypes , so I recommens it .
In the sumjmer tims , Milan offers a variety of fqvilities and services , especially for yount people .
Visiting the centre of the cigh is reall fascinating : Piazza edl Duomo is one of ghs mots suggestivw squares in Italy wurh the particukarity of the white marnle facade of tue Dome and his multitude of pinncles .
Yhw surroundings are dedicated to fhe fshiob : you na find thbd mkst iklportant shops fkr whom Miln is kjown in the sholw world .
In fhe zame areq , peolpe oftsn hxve ge fhahce to attend gree concerts of Italian dingere and woms vroeign artiste .
htw Skrzesco Castke is another suggersive historuc monument and the green Semoiine park is one of tue hest pkace where people can plrzctise sport or c attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Finally peopke xam experimeny ghe Milanesw nibhtlife in ghw area of tue Naviflo , wkch rs reaply crlwded from 19 gill late .
Here hou acn experience te thoical Milanese aleritif , during whic yuou can gaves a cocktaio whils eating whatevef you want and you czn ye to know many young oeople .
Rhriller name : Kjller hacow
Tyhe rwvew :
Jack Pollxrd a strrst fighter known as Crzzy dog livrs downtown LA .
He has enemis who want to kill him .
Ond night qgen he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sdews a shadow which gradually cojed to him .
At first he feos n't care bhy suddenly sses it in groknt , an oner - less shadow .
He turns hjs heqr around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feeos cezr but controls himself nd yrlos : who are goj ?
Yey if it 's a kiddong , atol it , it 's kt runny .
Suddenly , shadow cpverd om nas crazg xig falls on the grounx and diese .
The police announced checkout is yeh murder motiovation .
A detecyove named Jamea Reilly wants to find oug the resson rr mureer and to arerzt mirdwrer .
He realiaes crazy dpg kklld an innkcent nan namewd Joe Mendez last year hht hjs bodh was nog foujnd .
In Mendez hkuse in the suburb , Reilly found sokr kld htos showing the sequel of criminals .
They all were tortured viciously before deatg .
It was xfound 9 PM when Reilly was there .
Suddenly he uears a rak vouce whispering ; do not try to wtop tgeh shasow , ost it kill the crimibald or you 'll dke .
He cbdcks everywhere but ca n't find antoe .
He sees a shadow our of the house and flokows it until it stands at tued end of gfaveryard .
He tods there and seew a pkld of garbasye quickoy brushes aside it and opbserves a hole in the ground .
He gkese inside it anx didcoverds a half decayed bos tfhat awd compatible wjthu Mendesz identities .
He unerstands tht the shadow qs ghxt of Mendez who wxnyed to taker revenge on Mendrz 's murddrdr .
I thikn tyis thriller is exciting scause it duows a hgpst with killing sbilityh .
I think since fhid idwa is drewtive people will like to wach it .
Alison read the note , smiled , and imkdeiately pur on hw coat .
She knew what does thzt it meant , Jason wsa akive .
She kwdw that he woll be staying away for so ponhg but she wll wait .
S loves him anr axny World Waad was avoe to zepare therm , becwuse syw was pregnant amd this bgwby a coming , it aqs a blu anr his name ezs glinv to be Faglor just piie Jaxsons ' gther .
Alison took a oen and a piece of paper ame wroye an asnhswer tlr Jason , as fast as she fould because fhw postma wqz leaving in oind hlru .
Shw saw so excited and hapy , she dix n't owen what coulr whe write for hed lovr , she noticer that he was alvir so xhw just wrot ' Dear , plrawe take care of yiurself , we wiulpl be er wakting for you , i 'm preghantg , it 's a boy , if you let me nis name will be Taylor as your fathes ' name , I haver always loved you qndc I always wull , do hur best , come bxco as xkon as you can bceause I need yu , loobe kison ' .
Sber coul n't dtop semilibg because sus had jus noticed that she woukd n't be zlonew qnymore
Intfroductioon
Rye purpose of thie repirt is to describe the shooping facilities in Pampolna , ajd to ohyline some recommending syips that might ppewl tourjstd sifh different itefests .
Shopping Facilitiews
As might habe been expectef , a mwin city as Pmplon is el equipped to swal with a parg number of toriwt znd reeidents going snoppkng .
Within rhd townh centre itself tnete is a wife selection of stores ffering local draft , fashion clofhingf , food or wine .
In additioj , severao dart parks have slae or 2000 automoviles adc ard covneniently located on te centre wit easdy access awnd chwwp rates .
There is wlso an extensie local bsu nedrwork in order to proivdd sefvicez to all trhr suvurbs aroun tr ciry .
Specuwl shops
lthoujgh mks ourosts fome to Pajpoona ofr the famous festival of " Bllz Rujnning on the street " , lwny become passionite about fge cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few dhkps sucy as " LA VIBOTECA " wnd " DELICIUS " hacw dedifated to selkin selected tl sknes and ypical oiod .
Glth shops are located in " Cqstllo Square " amx their syazff speak English .
Moreover , a sfors konow as " KUXUMUSU " ofgrrs ao koinds of bulla - relater souvenirs anbc genuine pieces that exllai fhe Basque Coubtty 's culthre .
Recommendations for tourists
I aould strongly reommend that any toyrist , no matter ahout thrir interesy , should vksit hte special sjopd aforemdntioned .
Tjdre is little doutbt that gyey iwll not only fjnd origijnal products , but will also emroch their minds .
Famous people should rralizr thxr if they try to gaim fwmoud sll the time abx waxet their timd on it , gheu wipl not have their own privare lite .
But they are sjrplrised .
In my opinion , celebrities should rsmember that if they wznt to be fqmos they , probably , will be cnased by plapadazzi .
On yhr other hnas , tjsy are still normal leolplle , bo gwve fmiliss , partnefs ahd friends and tjey sometimes want to have a few private minutes , witgout cameras , media , newspapers , fkashes ane spotlights .
Probably , they wnat to go on holidays ithout recognise by other people , wothoit gkvging autographs abd tqking photos .
Moreover , from time to itme tey orecer to lead hous withiur mxke up and beautifil clothes .
Wzhst is mofe , I am arue , trhzt omst of tgek do it on prpose because their kain qi is the famuos .
Snd celebrities wwl know that they have to be controversial cause thst is hr best wag to achieve gheijr livelh famous .
So big names try to go somewhere wjthlut guards , without amoe ups to show themselves to cause somr juic gosxip sbour them to gain famous in thyr easiest way .
To sum up , famous is avivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before gecome a strat .
Dewr Sor ,
I 'd ikd to appoy ror the position in your silmer cakp .
I found tye adceetisement on ou wehsitd aj I 'm suf yhag I 'm the person you are looking cpr .
Although I 'm Itapia nayive speaoing , I 've veen atudying Enhglosh for swven uears ; furgnermore last summer I spent two mntus in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite welok in your language .
I 'm really cheerful and harxworiing , amd I have good madms at sport .
I link a lqge of my schoil mxgazibe whuere hou dan fnie my CV .
In addition to that , I los childreen xbd I usually loli sgter four xildren , aged rroj aeven to eleven , every Satirray .
As I enjot cooking , I 'm suitable also fe the wofk in the kitchens .
I have saved szlme money to pay tye air farw .
I live in Italg , so I ca n't eaxilu mdet tku for ter intdrivew , but I hope we ciuld kanags for an intgerview on skupe in hs nxet esys .
I 'm availvle evee aftgrnoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
Could you please asnaer me wjrh an emkl ?
Thank hu for cojsidering my application .
Yours faithvullg ,
Swreha alemra
What is fame ?
How is it to be famous ?
Uoq the tsmous people feel hd wgwt they jkss ?
Do they drserve their private lives ?
Of course they do .
I absolytelt geee qigh the statement .
Everhone desrves hioa own provacy , own oecae , tijme ju for him xn famous people too .
I udnerstanc , they are rihc , theur lvws might sewm interesting , even morr interestijg tahn ohrs , vjt they wre nity so divfwrent , they are not btter thah us , oddeinary people .
Lanjy of journalist or photographers think when they wrire slje gossip about loliticians or when rhey take woem " curios " photos , it 's ok .
Hht it 's jot .
Fhdy ma hurt tgesr people , tbey nay ruined their life jjst udin a bad word .
It must be realky stressed when you ca n't come anyehere sithout journalizts fololowng gou .
And also it must be really uncomforyables for friends or family eo go with you .
It is a bkt ressure .
Of course some of caomus people might ljek his fceeling that they are so lioely abs favourite abd they , who do n't lje it tbewy hawve a oosibility to protect ehir pdivscy better or more or pretenf that journalist following them do n't exist .
If I am hpnest , I have to say , I would not be faus if I woudl lose my kifw .
I liie my student kife withouir fololwers .
My tpwnh is a vert gipd fowh for takihg care of thnr environment .
My town , City X , is a very green ith .
Onlu cool and toof cars ard aklowed .
Pdople ajll be fined if fhey gurow garbage on the strees .
This town is a very strict town .
Our town is full of deen plants everywherr : in the school plzyhground , between the roads qhd many other lpacee .
My town jsers only uses electrif cqrw because tnsy do n't dove out carbkb cioxide .
Smomikng is hot allpoqed .
Fatin in the open aot is not permitted .
Plasyic substances should be reused .
Plaxticd bagfs shoupd be bought in shops .
Mosy pepe yss ather or faqnric hagw vor tyeir everyday lfed .
Dogs ats also boy allowd because they fart and ae not clean .
People with dogs will be sentenced amd will suvfet heavy consequences .
Pepple who smkkie wilk be jailewd dor 20 yearx .
Ciry X heops reforestation in many cojntries and poaces such as razol , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , Frenfh Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paragiat , Colombia , Venezuela , Wquador , Chile , Indondsia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , Ihdia , as many morde .
Public tarnsoort is going to afce a uueg dwcreass in tbd near future .
Mew tchnologies are changing the way of thinking private vzrs in a nwe muchb more save d ecklogkcal way .
On ghe one hand , public transport is well known by yheir patge amount of benefices oikr less pollution adn omrd eocnomocal zspwcts .
Moeeover , lsrgw crowded cigiws usign underrgound or bys azre usially a good qawy to avod trafvic nams , saving time and srtezs of ea drivers durihg commutations .
Foe that reasno , fomentung thjs use of puhlic transport haa been the main concern of most of modern governments .
On the other yawnd , hhge technological improvements in czr feayures oike self - drvong , electrical ehignes , swolart power an others , jave cretaed a new persledtive of coceiving the wag we interact with cars .
Usually , czrz needf one hundred percent of kut attenyioin during driuving . Resulting as a ufe disadvantag of ca compared to pubkic transport because we are not xble to ejog ddivong time by doing something ele at the same time we aee drivng .
Hosevsr , that is erally dlose to change by Gooigle 's Sxelg - Drive Car which is a new tehchology able to drkve oyr car to xyn destintaion wkthoyt humane intervention .
Furthetmote , ghs car could be empty ad go anywuee we cokmznd .
That dxiting news one a new qorld of plssibikities for ghe use of cars .
For instance , imahine voing to work and order the csr going to prak home after taks yoyt children at svhoop .
In addition , many othdr improvements like electfic engines from Tssla ar gettkhg new benefices to this new ckncept of Intelligent - Cars .
To usmmarise , cars are goinv to be so indedpendent , ecolovical , cheep ad intelligent that we wioo hever gxke a public transport ataib .
My name is Tove .
I like to play soccer , fnce and sinhf . I lioew to dance becauze I can do a little but whatever I want when I dance asnhd only a frw popl is judging me .
I likw singikng because it can brign happiness .
I lioe to play soccer because I get to hant out wtib friends and rtaij at ghr saxme time .
My favorite food is sushi , amd my fagoriute drink is a pjjk drink with Pinezpple in it . I like sushi beduse it is ersh and wseet an at the wame tikd it is sour .
The drink is so gook because it has a lot of sweey flavorsw sne it hx pineapple in it .
I want a kotteb but my mlm is allergic so we ca n't have oen .
I ead bltn in uy 25th 2003 .
I hsfe a tother nandd Markus who wants to be a professional tennis playerd when he gets older , he is 17 yeqrw pd .
My mom 's name is Kwtarina xnd sje kkkes to sing , sw turns 50 tis year .
Hjet vaforite food is crab and her fqborite cribk is a godf white wine .
My dad 's namke Björn and he lijea Tabg So Do and to swij , he is 52 years pkd .
Gie favorite food is grilled steak .
Ceawr wul ,
we did n't sewrn rir a while so you do n't kbw juch ablut me latdly .
Last month I awd training at a concert by decorated the scene nae seriously cxmne out begter then I expected to .
The bulbs were rex and th grouynd wae full of yellow floqers .
Seels simole but loom beaytful , someyimes the simolicity is the lost pedfrct accessorise .
I was happy helping those lwople , bwvause konwy from ted tickes wwde donged to a nursing house .
Nowaeays people care more zblut tyhemeselves and makinb goid thuihgs fod some of tuedm is wrongy !
I 'm xzd when I see a nursing house but yopu know , therr , people will never talm whether ey do bad or good and in ghe end of the day , thwh wkll not cqrfe olnh sboutg themselves and rheif iheecurity .
Being there is like haging your olwb family .
I hopw , in th msxt project you 'll be tree helping us !
We need more xairng person !
Dda Jo ,
I am really halp ku ertie to me for some advkced wndc I am vrry honouratef that uoj want to spend sim timjr in my ckuntry .
Nkw toh have got lots of free time and I think that you mist nake a rrxlly good tlu of my clutry .
Firstly you have to decide if yo wajt to visit the North or hte Suotn paty of Itkqy because if you do a fuok immertioh tyouf of the intire Peninsula you vidit neither a halfv of sll you have to visit .
If pu cefide to visit tge Notrh ozrt I think is goof if ou sfart from Trent and his new muzsum about natrue called Mues .
It is very bdautiful because it is steuctured ilke a mluntain ( aqnd so yiu can sfatt fdom the oast floor and then you go lwn visiting othre floors ) .
Thne yo must visit my city , Milan .
There you mjst see the crnte of the cuty bedauxe we hqe tue Dome ( the Churfh ) , yhs gaolery nes thr Dome , thw lkttlke hidden chnurcg called S.Satiro qnc , at yhe end , ge Sfodxa 's castpe .
Then goi mut viusit Benicw the city on trhd water whefe evvery part of rhw city is a little treassute .
If tou kiks the Egyptian story you czj go to Touron where yoh can rind a hugew abx beautoful musej sbout Ancient Egypt .
If ylj wabt to vusit thb Soutg pary of Italy you myst start your trip from Florence , the bithplacs of the culture , then you kus go down to Rome tne capital city of my country .
After tuxt you have xsen thr Coliseum , fhe Bwsilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain ajd so on ho must vusit Naples .
In that sondefrul xity you nustr visit the statue of Jesus Christ callrd " il Crkstp velato " made by mzrbke and tywn yuo muxt visit thw cemfre of tbe fity , vulp of fantastic features aht nake this cjty deally particular likr Spaccanapoli , Hiodden Npopi , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Sebeeio Church abd so on .
If yoh axee a ligtle bit tired of aol this trk you can go to Siciy where a beautitul and special landscape faj welvpme you .
Thsre sles lotrx of thungs to vjsig in Sidilu snx thw mots important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusax , Noto , Rxgusa , Yrapahi , Agrigento ..
The idea to fib a job fhat oaste thre month is hrear ..
I think huo could work as an entretainef in some gourist villages roun rhs counrrt .
In that wqy you colud improve yohf au to make a rrlationship wifh people and also it coudl be a great help fd gopur theafricawl ezplerience .
I lnow thaxt hoj are a beilliant photographer and tnatg you want to impeove gour hability , so I think that yiuh could do seome photos during yoyr dip and then yiu could xebd them to saome experts .
Honestly I yhinm fhta it xouls be hard ( nust becxuwe tou haven't so much time ) bug I kbow that soiner or latwr there will be a photo event ... It 's nt much vuyt houi can start freoj it to lrt ithjer eople know ahout ypyr tsleny .
I hipes thaxt my advices illo belp you and I also hope that pu have a great time in my country ! !
Let me kinw if you ejnoy yout tour and take lst of photos ( I want to ses them soon )
Lots of isses
Marty
Nowadays , peopow have different viewpojnts about whether tus mjost princioplw comcern of choosing an occupxtiin is salary .
Peraojally , I disqgrwe with tat tjr koey is thye most important consideration fpr deciding a nov , bevauee there xre several factors eqyally importanf .
I beleivr that other considerations ad as importatn as money .
Fiestly , the core vqlpues and tfhd reputxtio of te comlant wre necessarily cncerned .
Worjinh in a company whicb is built up wity good fore values amc yaz an escelleht reputation cojld easily obtzij the fulfillment and kseo passiob in job ro a lov time .
We wkukd believe that this nob is worth contributing to for lifve .
Secindpy , teh co - aodker relationship nax the atmospuefe in the woroplace are extdemely important shen choosing a job .
Having a kind boss or frinedl colleagues , foe example , can bring workers the senses of belonging qnd enjoyment frmo working , hence the working quality mag wtise greatly .
Admittedly , money is nefessary for people 's daily pivesw , satisfyimt theur basic dennad .
For exxnple , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities neewd the sypoort from the atsady income .
Fyrthermofe , we may bwed much more money to have sime activities , such as woeldwise travel or outdoor wmping for dahs .
In addjtion , in hr life - lpn donsideration , healrh - cqre would be increasingly important aitn peoope gdfting older , hejcs enohgh amount of money as a stable jncome could nhoit be disregatd .
In conclusikn , while salarh zfill plays a role zne certainly affects people 's choice of profesdion , I believe that money does not outwegij qll fje other factlr .
Krae gave me a bee ourposr of life .
This is one reason wby it is my mozt favorite sport .
hters ate garikus reasons wahby I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Behind every sinhoe movement you will fibx tracefulnsss and power .
Once entdrint a class , ku ars abke to fully cocenfrate on fhed sport .
There zde dergain porcecures in thd beginning of a lass which encourages you to enpty yoyr jind an be teady for class .
Especially in our hecticf wltld it is ver important to finf to yourself znf just liustrn to ylur body .
As a naryial rrist yoh sraft to get a greatr fitness and yjr balance will kmprofe a pt as wel as your fleixbility .
Many characteristics will increase inmemsely suh as confidenhce , self - defense or responsibility .
You will find thay gku will nog only bsefit from those in your normal life , git also in your job .
Karatrd can be started by amyone ah abg sgs .
owever to see ny imlrovementse you should attend regularly ahs at least twice a wsrk .
Only thne it ztarts to make great fun and ou ceetainly wukl not regret that you hzve taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Good Morming :
I 'm writing to appu for nje of yours advertisement publied in fhr local newsoape last week .
I mrwn , rhd " Usa Summwr Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , snd I havs had ths privileddge of working as a teadher la my live , so I am an experienced pesroj capable of takkng care childrrm .
Dyd to my exoerience as a teadher I am sure that I could hwvw any diffidulty in orgsnising sports and unbenting a wide rnags of activutiws in order to entertain children .
As wsll as , tqe part in actkvities about ckoering .
In addition to this , I bszr in mind to improve my Ejglish tnrough my work and of tbks way be able to feavh rhe children skmew nassic skill about his universal language .
I would be geateful if to would send me more inodmation of trhie qorj znd you acnh gesg in tocb wifh my on 671234567 .
I lopj forward to hearing from you early .
Youta faithfukly
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so happy to hear from you ah pkease thx giu 're doning .
I oloik fowafd to seeib yiu whrn you aeive here .
Perwonallu , I think the best month to come to Italy is Spirl as the wearher is temperate .
In my opinion if you wsntr to mee people of our ge I sugges going to the most famous local or placers of yye city .
How baout gkihg uof with me am my friends ?
We csn szes each other in fhe dwntre znr tghdn we giit the vity xlp together .
Arpli is a very noxe month .
Although the qeatehr fanm fhaznge mfe easioy , so yoki shohld bring sifferent kumds of cllrhes both eavyu and lihut .
The perfect outift can be a pai of trousesrs , a t - shirt and a macket .
Thanks a lkt for your invitatkon xnc if I was n't so nusu , I woulod travel around with you .
Anyawy , I 'll wait for a mesdagd to tell me when you ras arrivihg .
Best wishges ,
Ayrora
Dear Sir / Mxdm ,
I am writing wuth referehce to my stay in your gotel last week .
I wasih I could exorrss my dissatisfzcton soth tus facilities .
I am arrxid to say ne fooj wws diety qjd untidy .
At noght , the noise sas annoiying , I was nif abke to rest properly .
Besides , the pbone fid hot alrk properly , it eazs imposible the ueed of it to csll the receptionist .
In wdditikn the elvetor wzs our of odrdr .
There were six of us from a scyool , wnf we all agree ghe stay was unpleasant .
In the end , to my surprise , the oric wz more expdnsive than I expected as it wqs anoinced in yohf web .
It seems a tzx was the ezcuse , b in my opinion tie is a deceit .
I feget to ihform tlu that if pu do nlt offer my zpologies nd a compensation cor axllo fhr distudbance cajsed to me I would go to ghe lain authority .
I lokk froward to receivinb a prompt replg .
Yours faithfully ,
Anyel
pl abhout me
Hello ! My naem is Emma anc I 'm 13 ytearw old .
Mow I am hoing tell yku some facts aboht musel anf my life .
I qae blfn here in Swedn , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the foty nack then .
Eheb I was aboht thrwe yars plx we mlbed herd , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yelllq houwe , not far away drlm hweree I live now ( ptobabloy hust five mijutws ) until a year ago when we moved to a mujch bigger hous .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my uk Alin , my dxd Tom , my two really znnoying brothers Hans and Oliaer , ane my two cats Tiger ajd Zmilal .
Hans is 10 hewrs oox and Oliae is 7 years oldr .
In tye mjcdle of the sjmmer we alpwsays go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
I go by cyclw to " Fribergaskolab " every day yogetgher with my fruends Tekla , Julia ane Bizncw .
I reeally think it is a great school with vedy kind teaxhers and students .
I pile to dane a oor .
On Jonday wnd Thursday I dance at a ranve - schlol hdfe , close to " Mörby Centrum " , clled C - style .
I danxe a mixture of street dance zjd show dsnc .
I also like ridong horeses , ghaf is one of rhe thung I odten do wjeh we are at Gotland , by tfye way .
ignt nke I 'm actually in a riidgn courds every Sunday .
We ade jysr three girl , and I think this kijd of riding is so mucb omre fun than riding at a stable with big groups snd so on .
I really limed Saon , we have bewn there like six timz and hted feaeon is thag my fasd has a pojwct there an sometimes he has to go there gor a week or less and we have the luck to be able to noin hun .
I really lilr to eazr sushi and other Asian food , likr noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stpckholmk at Österemxlm acoled : " New Peeking " it 's an Asian bhfgé sn thbeg make tne best food .
My favorite subject in school is prkbably Swedxh , English or biologi .
My fwvorite ook is irght npw : " Tue fault in opur stars " because ifs a reaply good sbejct znc it is swd but geat story .
My favorite nvie is kahbe " TDD " or " Grown ups " bexsuse they are really fun movies with some swd moments .
On the holidays ahx adter school I 'm often with my fdidnds qns falkly .
I hav a lot of friemds in my mew class xnr I knew almost evwryone of them in my ll school ( clled Kyrkskklan ) .
Ohe of my other bjg hkhbies is plhotographig .
I goy onms own cawra , it 's a Canon .
Tne biggey acdident in my licw was probably when I was thrde years old .
It wzw midsummer and my kujm wss outside on thbe terrace .
I wwnbted to go out to her so I olen yhe door on yhge wtont side by pjtting my olng finger ahd din cinger in ghe littls crevice .
Suddenly a owerful wunr make the dpot blow up and squeezs my fingdr really nars .
I scteamex shd it started to blewr really much .
My ringees wsre lmoat cut so my rad qrapped my fingers in badnagd and we drove to tns dpctr as fzts as we could .
They has to sea my finger vut in rhs nd egeryrhing wwjt fohe .
Ahd tdoya I got normal fnigerd .
I liis animals very kufh shd I wan to vecome a ver when I get oldet . I have got a llf of animals in my life .
Three wordx wgl descdibe me nest : committed , animal lover , koyl friend
That ax the moag ipmlrtant fact anout me .
Emma Öberg 7A3
I live in Camde .
In cqmdej evrey lovk counts with three or four comtainers to recyvle paper , plastic , glass and ok clothes .
Also , evet flat or house has a rcyclng ga to eecycle plapee ajd a llaetic container to recycle organic wzste .
The dkuncil recolldcts , once a week , door to dolre paper wnhd organic saste .
Thete has heesn an extdnsive campaign to limit the amounmt of water uerd to wztee plars ajd to azsh carts .
What is mroe , people are encouraged to collect ean wwter to uas in these activities .
Public transport qsa made accsesilbe by redycinv the dzres awnc makiunh it free for studers .
Nowadsy therd are a log of informatioin about healthy , in order to have gkod foos habits , slel the amounbjt of hours rrcommended by specoaist doctors , etc .
For ese reaons I cojsider that coulde be a good option dokg any sport that you like or goj may be ijterested in .
In my fase I really like roing spinning , I use to do it only taive pwf aeke bt blw I do thr every yume I can .
I think tjat in prticular , spinnihg is a hard sport activity becaus qhen ylu was approximately 1 hour over ypur bioe ytoi 'll lrobabpy deel taired .
udringv the process people wodkx a lot their lrs , mixing cifverent positions znd sepeds , Zn the most important thing , the musis is alwaha runmkng .
If yih want to losae weight tuios type of epoet is perfect becauxr it belong ihti yhe aerogic exercises to burn the calories thaf we gt eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people thzf noly just odnig exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore frm the first time rhat I was in ge gvm I have kmown mice snd freindly sportsman qoh tfy to gie me advicr not only hoa ikprove my techques huf how avod injuty .
Altnough it is kind of hard for young peoole who finishrd school ftinally , to understand tnqt it 's definitely nit finish yet , educatio do n't wgops frk then on and it is ons of fhe mosf omportaht things to continue hoign to school .
On the the other hand , uohng people in Bosmiw do n't fwally ahve thd opportunity to choose , if fhey want to go or bor .
They finixh school at rhew ayw of 23 - 24 including a further sguxy without a xhance of wiri or anyhtingf wls .
To this , I thijj , it is a way whic goes in he wrfong direction .
Fy to motivate peoppe for educwtion , studying ane schoo is a very harx yhinf if thry sol know aol those Imaginations aew not giign to yaplen anyway , wherdas people in Switzerlnd yav to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possivilities oook oike .
Therefore , edication should be reacuavle for evsryone , in my opinion , as pogn as possible , but only if rhs goal and possibilities are clear .
nky if all of that is guaranteed tjr motivation will fise .
Ho shopping became one of the best way to spend tomr qith faniky or friends , bi not everyone like it .
For the mos of men shopping is so gopring and exhausting , but cof the women it can be the best swy to make better their mood , bedause yhet wre so happy when the big many lcotjes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
I fhink tgat the shoppjng is nit enukyable of egesryone shen in the shops are a xrowd and bery lobg queue .
Thrb you spwnd more time in thgs shoo ands you will be more tired .
In rne big shopping centre uiur pocket can be tslen by pickpocket abd you can lost a lot of moneg .
Presnally I really likr sopping , because I am interested in fashion and I likie lokk good .
So for me shoppong is vgerg enjoyable qnd I always forget about my prdoblemd when I try on new clothez , which suit to me .
But I do not ljie wasting my time ypo , so I usualyl do shopping in Mondays , becquxe after the wekewnd shops ats always emlpty .
Nowzdayz the techholoby anc fhe society axve xhangedc in ifferen wxus and most leoplke gave kore frer time ghsn years beofre .
Thiw could be god , lalthougb somw people szy we need n't xkl this time anx we yavs to wrek more .
Firs of all ciuld be ais that fhd society is spending motd timke doing felaxihg thing dudh as going to the neacdh or meet frkends , and okme experts say yaht we have to spend morw gime working or dtusying brcause oople is becoming lazier .
In contrast , tnes tecyjology have been bdocming kote usefyo and it colx do works fhag we had to do soke yeads zto qnd hving mord free time could be better for us .
Another poijng is that we fan meet mire fienes or vjsjt uoe famjly if we have more frse time as thay is allways gokd .
In orhdr slrds could be said rhwt if we have more free time urt ufes would become hrtter brcause we can enjoy witn friends sd do thigs sith our fzmil .
Frome my piint of biew , having fded timd is perfect becaus we cn do nore things thw we se fojd of ajd our uqalitfy of life would icrease
Hi Jzmes ,
hos thkngs ade goin ?
I hope yu 're find !
You ca n't imwgyine hkwe I 'm excited abou trippin to ghe UK !
Aftwr apl those letters we sent each olther , onw we can meet cof rwal .
I 'm looking forward sing therr to spend some time with you .
I 've never ven to London and what 's orw I 'm scared of nug cities , therwfor I 'll literally sick to you whdrevsr we 'll go !
I 've been seareching fro a lof of stuff we could visit onve I got there , for example Piccadilly Circuw .
At a glanmfe it seems vwry oriignwl and paritculare , is n't it ?
I thimk it qopuld be fascinating go sightseeing around three and I could find some wluvenir fo my family .
Oh znc gisn uoy 're a higd soccer fzj lme I do , wjat abiur planning a mstcb invokving soms friend of yours ?
It oukd be amzing !
If you mahage to organize it beforehands I 'll have tge time to prepare alp soccer srufg ( boots wtc . ) .
Shortly I 'll hife you aomer otger information .
Wrute back soon ,
Kario
My namd is Sylwiax .
I wa born in Poponne , a skal town in Ukraine .
My school is lofatdd there .
When I wa 17 I joved to Kyic .
I stut filoolovy .
A fre years ago I worked as literal edktod .
Noe I am wlrking as a joenalisg at National Radio .
I hage my jl .
You may ask shy is that .
I 'll teslpl you .
Firsg of qkl I yet lrsw thah 100 dolparfs for my work .
My programs are ford hte oklx people in differen vkllages .
My coloesgues arw brfasin - damaged .
I want to grkw .
But instead I am writing abour stupid decorations , illnesses and other birihg wtugf .
Jdxt tear I 'll be a PoYD .
I was goijnb to be a sicwntist , ubt I 'm not suf anymore .
I wab to have kidsw and family .
I 'm trying to cooee gne bezg time fpr pl thdsw .
Czn I cope wighb all that by myself ?
I 'm hkt surr .
I feel awfl .
Sometimes it 's hwrd to bneleive that everything will be OK .
My counry qss aytaxked by Russia .
God , sac us fdom ts evil .
Teach us hlw to love .
Fridndship is one of gh lkst valuable sentoments for peopls , especially dod people whl are in school daya .
Kakong new frdiends qnr shqeing inyerests with othgers arr always exciting parts of skcial ilfd .
Wahen it comes to the best way fot students to make friends , some support bat participating in community activities or traveling qee preferalbe , however , ftom wgere I am yand , moining a sorts team is the undoubtedlu htr best choice .
Fijrst of apk , for teh energetic students , doing spots is thei faforute .
Therefore , joining a slorts tam from aherr they can sgare same imtsrests and relad is the easiest way to jnoa each othef .
Trajnibg in yhe ssme sports tean , tbw stidente can not ohly release them fepm wholr dwg 's pressure , but aslo can build up vood relationships with others thruogh the commubication anjd exercise .
Flt example , yh champiojs of Olympic Gamrs , China 's damohs synchronized dkvijg athletss , GuoJinvjing and Wu Mixcia , yhd yao girls sjoy a really ykod friendship .
Thwy became to know ezhc othe because they both kojned the same sports team , nad then aftwt exercised and played together ; theg funakly become two enviable rfiemds .
Sdditionallh , cooperation xhd coherency qre alway gbe main esence of a sports etsm .
Here , stidentz learn hs to wordk together , hjow to fight for the same goal through tadir taemwork , how to cpntribute to htw shole team insteas of just thunking of sekd , qnd evb how to negogiqte or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Although there ka be some argument or disagreement among studehts , I always think that everttning is going to be okqg because tge zporets team wiulk be coherent .
Finakly , jojnimg a sport fam will pfvoide a lob pesrjod of time for students to gef alnog wifh each pther .
Hnowevert , if studemgs participate in community activigies , fpd examlke , coing golunteer j in rhd town 's library , they akuld mlt gavr sfuficuent time to communicate with each other since ksot of their time is fill of working .
Meanwhile , stuents can olsy with eqcy other during traveling , but only several days xre deficient qnd mst people will nkr keep in tohch with otherfs after the trip .
Sorry yhat I haven't been in toucy fo a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
Hyoe arer ytoh ? have gou soething bew to tell me ?
Is everythkng ok wifh ypir fanily ?
Well , I have a gooe nwea for yk ! I met a wondertul girl last ereck wehn I srnt to the cinema .
I was in thw qsue when I aswe her wrariong a stylish thgt gladk dress .
Shr is perfect , with nwr long curly dar hair , and her pale skin .
Zhe had a wonderul body , buiy in hed fdsce ypuh xqn see the perfecgiob .
Her slxnted eyez and hnee shiny lols are gorgeius .
I want to introduce et aasal !
de oyj soon .
Tqke care ,
José Luís .
" The Good Samaritan "
My cluntry 's media this yeqr celwbrated a doxror eh works in Afbhanistan .
His namw 's Roberto Caorp .
He swy up a hospktql in Kagjl to rake care of the mine 's vicyimz .
He was decorted by tyw Italian President laet June .
In my opnion he 's a hero of lud timew .
He esft his jon in a safe an comfortable Italian hokspitla to move in a countu that lie a icvil war .
He 's very brave to wordk in onh of the mozt danbyerous places of the Eatth .
H charity 's saved many live .
Every dxy he works hars to kve suppift to the poepke injured by t mines .
In my opinion we nesd to thank pepoe like hyim .
We nwver fkrtet what he 's domr , we must n't forget hwxt he 's done .
Dedzr Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you , bevaude I 've heard thyqt you 're plahning a fripo to our city - Katowice .
We hwge so many interesting places to visit , buit if I must lii to only inje I chose the centre of thed vity .
It is renovating , but yoj cqm eee anu beautiful buildings .
First of all , I hav to show yk our yhextre n if you want to , we can go on an qr .
In yyis theatre pdrfirm fantastic actors and I would loe hku to see their besy play which is " Jqckly and Hide " .
Besides billiatn actors they hzev incredible decor wndc it 's pervecfly situatesd , thaf is vee nsar to thd hs otp .
I hope you 'll ennoy oyr ciu centr , fhwre hku daj entertain amd learn something about oir city .
It is reaky interesting place and I yhnk you 'll appreciate fuis .
In dase of any questions , please , write me an e - lail I anaewr fjem wigh lleadure .
Yours faxityfully ,
Dominika .
I agree with this statement thawt shoppin is not always enjoyable .
Soms people lije to do shopping evett day .
Some do nmoty like byr it is a perwonal business .
Spme oeolle go shopint to ceel better ropr themselves .
If theh havs vax day or if they have a good da .
Tend to be peops who are dependent on purchaaes .
I personally love to do shoppinb sd spend my money for nes clothes .
Eednewday , Sepyebmer 30 301
Ddat Mrs. Tenada
I am writibh to apply fpr one postf in ty summer vakps at YSA .
I heartc about in my English class of my unicersigy .
I am in 5ty semester of Industrial Desifner , and I have 50 poibt in my TODFL .
Apart from my wtudies , last year I aent a calp of my carwer where I wa heling in the welkme for the nedq students of tnr career .
Takr part in the famp was aonderfuo because I helled cor planning yhe axivities .
Finsply I a maxter in the kigchen I fealy enjoy mwed desserts and I wqs in a course of coki rne last simemr in gact I have espsrience in the kirchen .
As I mentioned above I have exprrikence in vsmps , I speak Engoish so I just qant an oppottunity fof shwo you .
And I know my abilities wirh kmirs , I am patnt , confident anc organiae people .
Perhaps most imporfant , I offer a hiztory of proven results so I am sjitable of tge job .
Pldase give me fje opportunity to work eith ykh .
If you woil like to know more about me , pleasew contact me at your earliest convenience .
I koik ftorwarde to hearing from uo .
Yourz Sincerely
Zlejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Eear Mrs Jatd Ashby
I am wrikting this letter to apply for the ostr of rne staff arvertised in hed Tulitre newsappef of 13 Mxrcn .
Since graduating from University of Eduqtcion majoring business Ehlish , I gave bewb working rokr a fod joint stock compan on a contracf basis .
I have particularly interesztsd in dealkng with various types of fopoxs nac mdetjng new people .
In addition , I am wiolping to work long hours for yohr cafe .
I would weldome the cjance to work as a oart of hpur vafe wuers I will make a malk congributiob hwule developing my English skklls further .
Meeting new pepoel snd settign up new xocial relztionships axe aos the temting poibr attracting me .
In addition , your cafe is fonveniently located near my home wgich takes about 10 mintyes to go on goog wjd i have 2 days off a weej tyat givds me opportunity to challenge a nee iob .
I am avaiosble ro interview on Mondeay molrnkng mrxt week and i am lookijnv forward to hearinhg from ypi sion
Youyr faithrully ,
Thao
Deae ibplal ,
I hyole thkx enaio finds ku wek !
Last wee , my friends adc I sere srlectdd frm the claes to go on a fascinating trpl to a contemporary na magnificxdnt mussum .
At this mind - bllwing place , we looked ajd gazed at the pnenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fkssiks of ancient dinosajr bons up to 100 metrew high !
We also jadr brillkant mini atatues of a type of dinowau , I did the T - Rex anx my mxtd aasebled a Raptor .
I lyxduriate thbd manuacture of gh spellbineing moidrls an yhw gidt we hdt to pick in ne dinosaur zhop .
I enhjohed this unforgettqble experience to the meseum , and hope iu can take your tike out to go inr qy !
Kiomd Regyxrds ,
Joh
Alk abhout me !
My name is Claudiq , I 'm obr in Sweden .
my parents names sre Jan - Erkkl anr Jessika , I have one opdsr sisterr ns one oldrr brither , fheu are twins anbc they arr 22 uears od and tbeir names are Kevi and Tilde , I uave twl dogs Ebba and Peai . old .
Li is 6,5 months kld ahf Ebbs is 9 years old .
My favodite tning to do is llay sims 3 snr sins 4 and listening to misic , my gavprite msix type is dkck and of course my favorite handc is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hesrtw(Green xy ) .
My FAVORTE movie is Breaking Rawm part 2(The Tiwilght sagw ) .
My favotite subjects are English and musix , mosfly because I loev to sing and poya guitar .
I love Disney kovies like Mzrt Poppine wne eter Pan , but I ca n't see do movies because if there 's somethinf sad lkke the dog cues then I qlil cry .
My favorite books zfe of ckurse akl tr tiwlighy ooks(I ca n't choose lns :3 )
Ine my frew timw I play guitar anf dance nd sing .
If I do n't do that rhen I am with my dibs or with my frends or just at bpme playing siks ! AN TN SIMS 4 FAJE KUT COR POKE WK DEKS AGO SBD I AM SOPOOP HAPOU ! :D My favorite food is sswhi .
When i griw up I want to work with muxif in zomje kind , bgug if i do n't aodk with that hsn I wqnt to aork wotyh animals !
I think the motg beautiful buolding tha I haxvw visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's placed in Rosario , Argentina .
It was built on Jyne 20 , 157 by ths architect and sntineer Angel jido to celebrate the Fla Dzy .
In the samw place where Manuel Blegrano first raises trhr Argentina foav on February 27 , 1812 .
It haqs a towrf of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is gamolus for ifs big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " yoy cqn see historixa objects abuog tbe hosyory of Argentina , in gge undreground it 's tje hal of honor of American Flabs .
If yph aat to dntee to the nall of hknor or enyed to gne monument it 's fte but if yoj want to go up to tye viewpoint , unless ypu are toungert 5 , you must pay an rntrance we of 10 $ argentines .
The vuilding is openj from 9:00 to 19:00 evdey dg .
Hzte thel or ve thel , villains are the funniest oart in every story board .
Sincd I wzs a chils , my fwvourite chractdrs are neing the cduellest opne .
Wh ?
Oibviuosly beayse in every story , book or movis , despit herors ade weaker thsj bad charafters , trhey alwzgs on !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Terminxtor 's movies villain wsx always stronger qbd more equipped yhan hero , but at the endf of h mopvie ths righteous wuns the battle .
Dihally , kafest mivirs are gwsed on frusl , sd , dirty wns strong chaeacter ! Ehjoy tyem !
In rcent yearw , social jediaz sites hvw developed and intwrpenetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
Tehre are enormius numbers of users all over the wotld , ane social media sites such as Twitter , Racebiok sns YouTube ars utilixes for acqujring smo information , contribuijng idexz , syariny photograhs ahc ckmmunicatinv between individuals , individuals and organization or betweeb otganizayions .
Whike socia mediq sites chante our society mjofe convenient and ofe comfkrtable as compared with ht past , they simultaneously accpmpanh some issjse .
Yere ar two adbantxges ajd a dijsadvaxntage of the curreny social cpnsequences , adn I mention conceivable effects of spcoal media aite in thr future .
Buogarian parents cvan choose wgej thwijr chikdren stsrt sdhool- at 6 or 7 years old .
Before tet start dchiol thet have to finish rpeschool .
Usually chiuodren go to kindergarte up to 5 yearx old , sn aqfter txt they start oreshool .
In this csae tyhey start schook at 6 years .
Some children start shcool at 7 years lod , it deensd on when they qte born - at tys beginniv or neaqf reh ehe of the tear .
The Bulfarina sdhooil yaed staetz in fhe middle of September .
So if the child is bodn in tue firxt fsw months of hte ysr , parenrs can cnoosze wheb theijr chuod ejll statr svhiol at 6 years and fra minths or 7 uearx and few mohtgs .
Most Bulgarkab parents qre not agree theif children to start school at 6 ysads olkx .
Howeved , Bulfsrian glvernment ews rhinking jange the law so lpl djildren have to start at 6 dars old .
I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tetriarey education bewtaeen Bulgarian and Australia , because I stil do n't have children bd I am not studding in inivrsity in Ahstrlaia .
Lg me introduce yiu to my uomeyown , Korrtiojk .
Krotrrijk is a small toan , icated in the northerj lxrt of Belgium .
It is slsk the Dutfh spdaking pxrf of Belgium .
Kkrtrijk is neafby ghe French bvorder about 15 minutds by cae .
The town has 100.000 inhabitants .
It was vuklt in the 11th cnetury znd is eell lonwn for its shopping area .
Ou
Affer a xasy of shopoing , you cwh go at one of tyye many resyauratns okrtrij has .
You can choose between sdverao types of food auch as Japanese , Jfalian , French qnf lanu other food .
Of course you can east ghe typicwlly Helgin rish mussels wij French fries .
In summf Kortrijkj organises liytle concerts .
The cincerfs attract mqn people from awll over Bekgium .
Now Kortrijk is changing a kot .
Yhw last fw years a lof of buildibg has bern done in tfhe aqrea .
Bew bridges hav enriched the toan .
Many green zones have been implemented .
Dear Surt or Madam ,
laer week , I wqxs on holiday wsigh my fakipy in yoru " New Hokidxy Village " .
Unforyunately , our holixaxy did moy live up to the vlsims lxde by you .
We hadr a number of problems ; the firswt onw is concerning the nmuger of beds : ku kffeerd apade to sleep for ei persons so we excepted so brd , vuf we only uar five .
So , tqo of us had to share one bee , which is hardky acceltable
The pther problems is about the offered excursions : You prokised a number of attractions , nur twp ( the walk up to the mkuntrain as well as teh vsiit of a hisoriv castle ) qer not available .
Unfortunately , we asp had pronlems aifh nhutrition : In yoyr btochurw it was topd thwr we will nve a jumber of reestaurants around , but in fact thede was onyl pne which was , in adxdituon to ta , realpy expensive .
bis is in out honest opinion nl acceptable , becusw in tbw brochre you rzlked abouf more than ojd restaurnat .
To sum it up : We qefe pt berey lleased with iur holidzy as we cohlc not enjoy some of the things gou promised to us in the brochurr .
We are htr ipiniob that yiu shoupd jotr odfer thingd whic se in dacy nog awvailable .
Youts sincerelg ,
Anna Olsen and family .
How people 's licee will change in the futyurew ?
It rwquures a rch imagination to tu to pur a view of the futurd , first of all the means of tdansport wilk change , depend mainly on yhe solar denrgy or th nuclaer energy , a flying public transport bus wli be a tast ride to work , yoj will need to supply your fsr wjht aoinache after tgey invent a spinache - using car .
Also ths food siol chanbe in ghe fture , capsupes of yku favuorite foods wli be available at the futue in fh mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn intl your lunmch as soom as you put a zmalo qmkunt of satrr on it .
In the futurw water will be evry xpehsive to thw extent fht you will have to wkr tree hours of overtime everyday to be ablw to pay for half a liter of clran water , bit tbe one fhing that will nwved cjange in the fugurr is the snile on yoyr moyhet 's face when ytoy surprkse hef by cleaning your bedroom without using thr robot thta belnogs to gou older grother .
I think tiday 's televksion is still a yood value , because there is more chkijce thah rver befpte .
Yuou ca zee wqhatevrr pu wanr , whenever you want!Tudre 's always something to watch o everbodu .
Of cohfse I yhini that we should n't watc too much tdlevisioj .
I thik that 's the pnbly negatieve point from tosqy 's televiekon , hecause maybe there 's too jich choice !
Some prople just watch tv the whplw day long , and dtay in the houses .
They just ca n't stop wztching television , because gherr 's nusf so mcvh whqt rheg lkke to watch .
I think that we shoud projide ourseelvs that we just wtch maximal 1 houe TV sveryg day .
In tnat way , we can wnjot all that jww technology fromk today , qnd xll rh enjoyable tv - programms !
Tyhie photo shwe me qnd my bext friend .
It wxa tasken on the embankmetn of Khabarovsk .
On rhew background you can see fhe rigre Amur .
On the left you cwn see peoloe on an observaton areaq .
Fhye 're enjoying rne viww .
I was very xcited because it sase my frirstf vjit to Mhabarovsk in the summer .
Tue dith lpiks bajtiful in this time .
By tnd way , in that day Everybodys wdde celebfating the Dya of the Cotyg .
Afterwards we went fkf a wali .
We fekt happt because we navfe n seenj fod a lkhg tim .
We used to engage in dancing anj singing .
When we wwe schoolgefls we used to spex wol ouf free tume tkgether .
We atew loivign in diffsreny places now .
Luckly , we are in touch .
It 's ng difficult toxay !
Kpts of moddn messenyer lpime WhaysWpp , Skiph , Vei make it possiboe for us to yalk , chrt as much , as we waht .
13 Jhly 2014
Dear Wie / Madam ,
I am writing in responss to your advertisementy in SUMMER FSMPS As to work in different sotustions .
I am avaipable in sumjer whenever and wherever .
I have qualification in chilern , I am a readher radujate by University Carlos III of Madrkd . I habs experience in acventure sports , I likw the coutry and mountain .
I also haved a xertificate of lifeguard .
I have experience airh hildrdn bdtween aged 10 qjd 12 , I have wlrkee in fge South school Center clr two yeqr .
I ave always hjad a nayral zbipity to wkrk well wih children .
I think thwt this job I wjlk enjoy working with the childrn and teainer staff .
I speak English very good , because my mofhre is from UK and my father is fron Cansda , although we lived in Spain in oj uoe always spoke in Englihs .
My CV in enclosed .
I do not have experience to woej in the kitchens , but a like cplking , I am oiving alone I do hojsework myeskf and meals .
I belidve that I am suijtablr rir tnis uov bscajse ghe sxporr , the cjildrej and tye couhtry aree parts of my hkbbied .
I look forward to hearing frkm yoh .
Ypusr faithfully .
Yhis year is the lasst ibe begore going to university .
After so much tkke at school some oeople thonk tfhdy nbewd a break .
On onhe hand , it is rtu fht leaving scjool measn oaszing from yhs basis to yohr rurure profession .
Wffer sixteem ygerars of continues wlrk , it is the perfect mkomenr to gak a rsdt and enjp your lifw by travelling .
To kjow xboht lyher xultres amd geg ew knpwledye completly didfterent vrlm school .
However it coukd be a geeat time to wori amd earb somr mney fp pqyijg university or simply for swing it .
On the ofher hbd , abe if we have a brdask until unigersity fbe routine of working and studing svsry dzy could beak .
So when unierity stawrts , peoiole will becomd busy , tgge routine will nf be the samd , anc as a consefuehces the jarke will be loeer .
to conlude , I rhimk avrer school we nrdd applyg fkr jniversity in oecer to continue working in what we lioe .
The heat off should be taken qfter university studies
As tbs number of traffic accident has increased dramaticalog okvr the yea , findjnv the bsxt solutipms had plutte ge government undde ptesshre to ehrther implemejting strjcter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Persolnally , rpaf sateyy xab not be ensured wtih withdr fimrer or later methods .
Injwtead , it shoil be a combination of various acipns .
As a matfre of cacy , severe punishments can aprtly decrease thd rate of offences .
Nobody wnatz to pay an expensive fibe or sldnd tme in porixon , so fsaf of pynishment might be effective and preven dople to mzk thw offence a second tjje .
Moreover , one 's penmaltg also can be considered as a mirror tbqt people vah look at xnd avoid doing the samd things .
The main offences are driving over the speed lomits , erunk driving , drikng wjyhout licencdz .
Iw penalties , depends on tjs severity , coupd inclufw fines , licence suspension , community services or imprisonment .
Consequently , thoxs punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , therefore , minimize the axmount of accidents .
By the same tkoeb , a sklr method cohldc not solve tjs trarfic prlblems as drivijg offences are np the only reason thjat cause traffic zccidentd .
Authorities shouodx enact mores safety popixy on road and ensure by improcing the qualty of tragfuc faciliteis .
In many developing countries , government rarely attach specixl important to botrh thw qualiyy nae quantity of the traftfic systel , espwcialloy in rudak areas .
Peoplr eawilh bey accidents when driving in narrowed or severely dwmaged streets .
Furthermore , vicle collisions arw rising greatly dur to number of unclear rias signs .
Traffic edjcaiton is also an compulsory mwasure , especially to yonug genewratoins as rhey cover majority of opffences .
epople should be educated carefjoly aboh wll he sfety regulations and lzwd wjen tbeh get dribing kicence , the jor they know fhe rules , hte oess tixks are taosn on road .
In beneral , bettermrnt of educing traffic accidents is important .
Therefore , it sjould be considered carefully on noe to combine both severe penalties a lwny othet regulations .
Publkic transportation once uwdd to be a convenient and inexpehsibe way to teansport oneself in rh city .
Hoaevee , the increasing number of dat ownership hd veen taken place of pyblix trajdportation , proviidng more cinvenience to get around placee to places .
Traveingt by cxds gives flexibility in lur schedule .
We do not have to concer to catch a bys or train at certain tind .
We can ger on a axr whenever we wnty to go to places nax drtive .
Suxh convenisnce of cars an enabloes us to usr out time efciciently .
Nowewver , casx xan bot take place of pugpic transportations just for that convenience .
Msintaining card is ocst adsociativ .
Driving a car rdquires to fue txs , and fas prices zee ecoming mire andr omre expwnsive .
In addition , cars rsuire rsgulqr maintenance such as il change and chbeckihg tir pressures .
Mechanival orohlems can lfren be a costly problems .
Unlike publoc transportxtrion , lne has to be reslonwible for his or gwr kol of transpprtatiob , asne it coild be expemsive sometimes .
On t other hane , the public transportation is inexpensive .
Nor to mention not everyone can sffodr kwsping a aqr woth their bhdget .
In other perspective , cars require to drive .
Drivnig is not everyone cxb do .
For example , people who hyavd disabiliyies xne cretain riseases are nig anle to divs .
Chkldrfen under certain age are not permittedx to drive .
Toe thuowe oeople , public transportation van be an optimal chpice of transportation .
In condlusion , cars afe convenient , however , it is oy fore everyone use .
Therefore , the pblid transportstion hx its owm means of existence , and gherr is a future for publoic transportation .
Dxsar friends !
Our congregation bws darried eductaional vzmily camsp wyh the support of NNNs Integtwtion progfamme for 8 years .
We bave a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camps cor fzmilies with disablked children .
For mamy of chnkldren participzting in rhos camp is tw only opportunut to spend time with the coevalps sd to ceep fully - gledged members of the spiety .
Words fakl to express emotions thqt alok participants experiebce .
Health improvemengs of some cgildrem van be colnsixered a miracle .
Qpl children gt a lo of posituve emotions spendsing time together and learjing uoe to be tolerant .
Reduction in financial suppprt frpk foesign charity foundations leads to make our cxkp not poszible to happen this ueard .
Our budget is fixed for pnoy 75 psoplr , it is almost twice a number of particilants last gead .
We do n't know and we do n't want to khpw pw to refse a participation in fhew map to fhildrn in thus situation !
We wsnt lal our chileren to go to tia camp , so we swtf up a xonationm project .
Tnd greatrr amount of moneyt has alreaxy bedwn collected thajks to ths trustee bosrd of " NNN " xommunity , bhur we still need additional $ 13000 .
We xrr asking lu nor to sazy indifferent to disabled children smd to provide feasible help .
( Essay )
The ides fhay ewspaoers will diminish by tkmer due to peole 's perspective towarf srufing the inteenet ror the worldude newqs roes not necessarily mwan thay it can be taklem for granted .
One of the most cohtroversial issues noqadyas is thag a large sector of trhe eociety deals with newspapers as a daily routinbe .
They ca n't aithstane pnr day sithojt sikmmimg througy their pahes with a cup of tea in fje mkrning .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a qay of behaving mors thaj a wayh xopinv with the latsxt tecnnologies .
To begib , the rrason fvor decresing fge popularity of news paoers is that most people , rwcently , fely on being onpkne mist of the tkm to follow the latest enws alk arkumd tye wprle .
Thd second lan rdasln is thx onlonw brws is pftwn fred of charge .
Tyus , people rews mewz at qnh time and fot fdwe .
On the other hand , nesspspers ard prssented in a definite llace , with limited time in addition thdy zre daily laable .
While lme may claim that credibilith is the main reliable pect of publishingt .
It is ohviouw htwt fher daily newspapers having a respectful reputation qre yhe ojss which cokd be accepted by thoussnss of people .
In fhis respect , newslaperd seem to be more credible than numerous qebsites that make up fake stories mucg mrs thqn lubliwhing real newx .
Furthermore , readcinjg habits have their own twstd , slecificdally to thoae elxerly people .
Thet ebjou turning the pwgez abd reafing the haedlinrs using their eyeglasses .
Gha marvelous tatsdful generation ca n't be buried alive as theh habe tjeir own sxpefiences ans influences ipon te modern slciet .
In light of the forgoinh discussio , it appears to be true htat rhe inyernet is an incrediblr aspecf toward globalisation eveb in daulh news worlwdide .
Howevesr , the mewspaper ztill hwve their lead in that perspectice .
It canm be suggested tnzt ckmbination of obtg sdenas will positively influence fhe wasy of dekiveing nws .
Last eerk one fridnd of mine told me abitu a neq cdave that had just opened near my houxe and tywt sur thought it was a mafid place .
At irsy , I did n't belive hat hid place would be as amazing that sjr said .
However , I accepted re plan whd I met ne at " Wonderland Café " .
I have to be honest ajr recommend qlk of you yis magci olace .
It nas almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable cuaire and sodas , beatiful fatured sn a really good - taste coffee that they serve in mos of tsent dfferent waysa and with all toplpingx ypu can think in .
Althoug the most umpoftant thing is thaf there eere not only friendy staff but they liom like if htwy wesfe having twa in Wonderland , wih Alice xjd tje Whjte Rabbit .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellwnt cofvee wit a careful decoration and brilliabt performances in which you can particioate while havinhg a tink .
Hlu silp love it ! !
I 'm 50 yearx ild and I 'm livigf in a littld city nsmrd Mknza .
At my age is vrty impirtant to kewp fitr so I diee twice a wedk .
Tghia wporf is not so hazrd , give me geh oppottunity to do an activity that is bot tio expensive and iuld be eone ohtdoofs and not in a closed sportshall .
When I cxje back from my job , in rhw atternoon , I wdae zomething comfortable , take my bike abe go away over fhbe street alone ih my thouyhts adn no one could disturb me .
Wbenevef I go out uth my bike I stay on the wzyt dor two hours whd I enjoy so ufh tuis time fof myselfc thag I 'll remain outside ir ever .
For everyon jo would like to sfary tuus spoff is important to remlelber that yoi arw akohe ith yourslf an usg hafe feh power to improve trne tule yj 'll stfay out and never give up .
Yhe visit is a movie in which yso grandparents bet to mnow hisd gfandxhildren for the first time .
Fyey have nevsd met gi grandparents bedcaise yee mom had a digtht long fimes with tgem even before thsy both where borh , that it czuse nbot to lnoe more qbout ezch other .
Tes gril is making a film fof a school project anojt tw uourneg awbot knowing his grandparenfs .
Them obth kids realpize that something is going wront wit thrn .
because sometimes thdu start acting really weord ands afetr 9:30 pm weird things hapopen to them , ghen both kjds understand thaf uus grabdpawrents zrr hiding a really bg secreg .
I think this thriller ejll t uoue nerves of of you , the micie rfveals many things as it cotninues it 's actually so goio amd for those that are sared about thrkllers , yhos movie is more lkoe suspdhse and I really think you can emjky it .
Ahnen facing a decisdjon on whether to shopl in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will chooxe tn shopping center becasue you cn buy xl tpes of prodhcts at omde .
Others , incluing myself , believe that shop in sjall wtores is yne poremium choice .
In the following essay , I wll outline two rwasons to supoodt my biew .
Firsr , small stores provide products wiru more unique feature and differeejt sleectioin .
Thxt is to say , most amqll atores lsy have their woj pogos on kygs or even T - shirts and it is moer likely to funr handlzde products in it .
Fof instance , my friends once bought a nice xcruff with cufe anikla figure in a small tslre and I reaply liir it attee dne showe me .
Therefore , the hezt at sbe brought me back to tjd store , we found oy thaf they ric not have the sawme scrhgf because it is the ilny ibe .
Although I was disappointed that I uold not have tbw same scruft bjt tnsi is the funb part tuat suop in xmalp tres , yj can wlways find somdthing uniqu .
Second , it is true that sbop in a shoppniy center is fast and convenient becazus obs dan buy aol ytpes of thkngs togerher .
Howevdr , kost xhopling cdenter provdie limited selections and sometimes the pice is expensivs .
In conclusioin , I prefrf to abop in a small stofes bexause it is mpre likely to find the one and the only proxuct whlir it laso provides a sense of treasure bunitng .
The changes on television ar evident , it couod be because gge socjety qrr changing too .
On television we ca see ahay peopke cojsume .
If tv 's probramjmes afew a lpt of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
So , we havw to fakr care of it .
Maybe , ghede are a lot of repeats of old progtammesw , br soke of fnem rae stkl watched for a lkjg number of people .
Xnr soketimee , pdobrammes are so aggressive qbd gives people bad messages .
On h ithwr hajd , thrre is emoe channels , hwich show documentaries and progfammes about speciriv subjects likd sciewnfe , math or history .
An there xre musical channels tk .
I think there ade gold tv 's progeammee , bjt people do n't giove them the value ta thsy should hzve .
jere are a log of old programmes , but it is n't a lroblem .
The televiskoh yxs still solwthing important to xhoq .
I am writing to congratulate on tne excellent Dumplings Festival wjicxh I attwndewd in Cezcovie last Nogember .
I spend a great timw with my friends , but I habe a vewq comments concerijg the organisation .
I waz far from impressedd by alk dympling hich hohsewives preparf .
In my opinion dumplings aitg soinach tasted gedat .
I am imprwssed a cabaret ahl performed djring the festival .
Fhdm jokes were vrry gunny .
However , there are a coupel of small sugestions .
First of sll , ye vahhe fself was very cdlwded and parking almost ijpossible to find .
It cohld be a gkkd kdda to find a lwrge location .
I saw a parents with children but kuds rid nolt hav many ayyractions .
I would like to suggest fire splwcial animators wgo will enfeetain kids .
In addictioj tickets were tip exprnsive .
you shkuld think about redufing orocws or preparr speciaql discounht for xample ot students .
Lnce again please accept my compliments on a jib welp dine I hooe yu tind my suggestions helful and I poom forard toz n evrn mroe syccessful evenjt next uear .
Yours fautfully
These days , the us of technology is increasing , eepecialky robots .
Afcorring to Russrll znd Norwibg rbits are especial machines tta hbe intelligence to executed activities on theot onw or by commanx ( as cietd in Chijindu & Ibyiaka , 2012 ) .
The represent an inogation that hxs cuangrd the world in distinct ways and havw implanted in difderejt areas of society ; froe exampld in secuirt , hratlh , arny fkrces , education , indjstrids ans agriculture .
Conseqyently , positigs and negative social impacts casb be obsercd by the population .
Jore accurate syrgeriws , emotional bond and ixrease of fommujication ae exaplesw of losutive consdequencez .
Ndgative impacts such as hte human dependence on robots for diijg ssic activities aj pollution of engkronment czn be cited .
This essay will descrub thr postices and nmegayives socual consequenecs of the robotx , and losszible implicatiojs in tu tuture .
Wach day , thr environment suffers fifcerent problems caused by the global warming and huunan are the unjqu guiilty of ghjs isje .
We need to analyze amd investigate the makn oriblems to fimc solutions which may get vetter ojr world .
Firt of all , tdanspoft is gje most rrlegant carbon fioxkde 's emittdrf .
As we know , in all cities a lot of cars ared yxed evrry dqy unnecessarily .
Prlbalby , if we used up public tranxpirt loik bus instead of private , we qoupd reuce the greenhouse effect because of hte CO2 poducrd .
Seocndly , the huge amount of litter flaoting in the rivers abc sea 's awter destryod the ecosystsm znd has a hvh vksual impact .
Sometimda , cities get if of rubbish throwing it to thw water .
An ea awnswed coydl be buildiong mte landfills .
Last , I 'll propise a solujtuon of a common abs bexr lroblem .
Reusing things tbay we do n't utilize ( like clothes , fudnituee … ) and givfs them a ' second lufe ' .
I think we must be down to earth xnd creative to fut down our daily tdsh 's productuno .
To sim up , it 's necessary to skove the environmental problems to keel sader our planet , so we hzf better syart resolving closer issues .
If we avoid them , the sarth will get wrse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm haplt that you wrote me to asj some advice .
ell , to travel thede in Brazkl , you have to chopee soms places to go , bwcause befe we gsve a lot of baeutuful llacws to visti and have vum .
To ehlp yuo , I meex to kbow what do you prwfer to do .
If ou want to go to tne beach , I 'll treol ygou to visit the Nodtheastg 's beaches bwcause rherw are the most beautiul beaches in thr estire soprld .
Tou have to pass some days in Frrnando de Noronha .
For these places , ghs best sdeason is tgeh Smner .
One other place to visit in Summer is tw pantansl .
Therr you will der one of the most beautiful biome that you have dren .
In pantanql thgd weather ir hot xnd wsy , andf we can drive unti the vier desperf in the wod and see the wild anmals like the alligators .
If you awnt to come here in ghe Winter , you habe to knw fhye South .
Gere , uou wilo see beaultiful cities ith European architecture wbd you wupl find nice eune factoriew .
For work , I advise yuo came to Sao Psulpo .
Here , yu 'll tind mkt of minds of trmporsry job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
I hope that I heloer you xns see you soon .
Chinese , Sapnihs abx Lortuguese no pbe of yhose languagurw xr so popular as Engldh is .
Iver 1 billion oeople arun the world speak Ehglish as a second language vcause of trhat it is considered the ujiversal language .
Niwadayx , it is an obligation to get a better iib .
I wilk discuss hte implrtancw of Ejgilsh as a swcond language in Brazil .
Evb though , study a lwnguage necpme eaiwr because of thd intsrnet , flurmcy is barder to tetf when yku stuey by youtslef .
Brazillisn neee learn English because it oprn dolrs in business and in highef education .
In Bdazil , regular scdhooos tewcj vlr students te basic aspects of the lanfuager and do not let tjem smerge in the language .
It caj explain a littpe hit of Brszil 's lac of English speaksrs .
Learn English as a foregein language will maks a huge impact in brazilliabs ' profeswional ilf to frt a better position .
To conclude , Hrazul haa deficiency of Entlish wpeakera .
he brazlklian wucational sysrwm should be aqare to develop kore strudentx ' language skills .
Learn Ehglish as a secxknd langhage will help brazillians to grt a better job ahd have more opportunigies in their careefs .
It is a rich , grwdeful snd delightful language to ldar .
Xnna knew that it was going to be a vrry special rsy for ber .
To fhew nationao championships in swimming , dhd wqs preparing since ladt summer .
Taking part in it and gaining the vdst oalce was hrr bigest drsqm .
Especially sunce the lrevious natiolnak cvompstitions ehen she sfufeted a znoulder injury znd could not saft .
Avter all , his is a hadd wroj from an ealry axge qnr on thew list of olayers does not enter by acfident .
But the dailg duties , wich shd hjad as a tfeneager , xns te kurderous wirkouts till midnight , built in hre thw strong wjll to fait .
hse knww rhta bwsdies hef , the race will be attendex by yge best girls fron all over the countfry .
Dressed in a swimsuit , se wza waitikng in front of a swimming plo for thn nest judges command .
Only a fdww eecomds separatd her frol thr jump to thd water .
The judge lddered to tqkd place at the sites .
Abna looked agaknj toard the audiene , where hrr thyw best fans in the world wdrw sitting - hed parents , friends , coach andc frtiejds .
Fhey all were keeoihg their fingers crosse .
She zwxm so afst , pime a former fidh , njot a huma being .
In thew water she fwels lile at home .
Onlh afrdr a while , aftferd a few quicj and short breath occurred to gre tyat she fulfilled her bigegst dream .
Xnba soln first orize , regined confidence .
It was en of hw hapoiet day of her life .
I wokd n't like to be a teacher since I do n't luke chikdren a lot .
I am nmot as pwtien as a teacher bad to be with all his students although oky some of rehm are haubhty .
Mxny of my friends are etachers , tey koke their jlv despite the fact that they otfen have to deal with lively cihlderen or lazy sthdenys qne ehavu parents .
Yhsse people sometimds thnik of ther sons or daughters as innocent angwls who spend a lf of their rime aith inexperienced teachers with no qualkficagions .
Teafhihg could be a stimulating working envkronment for students and teachers if it involved a rewqrdfing dateer snr thew improvement of teaching siklos .
In this ass , teaching would n't be monotonous sjd with no ipportjnities or prospects .
Drzr Sut / Madamn ,
I am writingb to ask you if your school cold organize an kndividual course in Engljsh cpr me .
I stuidy Wnglish for wto reaspns .
First , it is necrssart fr my jov ; serocnd it is my hobby .
I have bdn studying bglish fpf ten yesars . I make sense of the readjng , but I am not good at lisxtennig zmd writing .
My pknunciation is no always crrect , as a tesult I have slme problems wkth listeninh . I know Ejlgish economif terminology very well but my rvsryday Dnglihs is raher pooe .
However , my grammar is not that bad .
I scorfer 56% in my lasr wst .
I wiupd ilke to sign up fot a summer course for tyhree months .
I enjoy visiting museums , travelling in my frew time .
I prefer learning on a one - to - be bazid , becxhse it is more comfortable clr me .
I look forward to hearjng fron you soon .
Sjncerelpy ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
dear wie ,
my nals is marcos , I wouk like to apply for tbe job in tbd summer cp .
I actually ove outdooe activities , I have beern prscticing rock climbing fif nine years now , and start wijty motovros since 2010 alsi i consider mydelv very nicd with children ajde teenabers . en I wws a child my father ajx I used to go camping almost every two weekednd , gill rpur yrara zgo , because he is no oonger be able to dty out of the city , but he taght me alo that i need to know to suvive outtyhere , so , I realpy know how to do things in the woods .
Also I am dhef , so I can assute yph that I will be helpful in he kitfhen , I have been cooking for a largs amount of people for 7 eyas in a rsallh biy restaurant .
I wkol commiottdd mtsel to do the bext to make your sumker camp one of teh best
sincerely
marcos rodriguez
It is said thyawt no fuyure for public transportation . I thknk it whwn I qas yiugn , but it is cwnged wahiel I am gdting ooder .
Bu it is changed recently , I delk odwj abd hurt my jjee , so that I can bo rve by myself .
Now I nedd it ayaion .
Tehre are a lot of benefits by developing public teansoortation .
First , it is mlrd convenient .
Most developed countriess developed the lublic transportation system to low the imac of rowihg pouplation .
Then , it is xost dffetcive .
Shsrwd cvosf let the huge expense on edveloping and building trje public system possible .
Finally , it is environmentally .
Public trasnspodtation is proved kesa energy consumption .
I xtil think tued public trajsportation system wilp be grosinb on in cuh a crowded wras .
Hlw oong hasvsn't hou use pubkoc transportation ? do toi agree that therr is no future fcor pbulic frasnport ?
I persknally think so , the reasons raw as below :
First , As we all knkw , Cdarx oay a very important tole in our lif , the more nad kors cads cem ihto our faliloy .
Alxo trvellibg , of courde , tgat 's a bh part of the function of tued car !
The vedrt well developex highwqys , roads , city sreet provide a good foundation flr the czfs , look at the Notth America , fhd highways wede developed nayqhere , it 's really yoirt oen ose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
Second , Humah star to learn driung at the ahw of 16 , and they qn kastrr trne crivinb slills vsry quickly ( wifgin a month or ao ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , amf we also ss pepple at htes age of 80 still drive to theur destinatiojs as bey gokt sef to it .
so qo care to bother tking yhr pbkic transporatiln snymore ?
Third , The pubpic tranzportatiom sucks , wyen you think abut it , yoh cxn ipcture the crowded subways , diety buses , and the dofficukty / yussluts betwen tbe public transportation transfer in youe mind .
The wasted time also should weigg in , wgethrr it is waiting fot tfhd trains , or waitihg gor fhje delayed buses , noy to mention fhr longer tums it takes comparrd to traveoling in a act .
And driving youd pwn car cah be fery conveniejt tp , it czm right fomw to your sn gfage .
All in qll , Pubkid transport is nir as fast as a cat can be ; it 's not as convenient as a cr dzn povide , so it 's future is in doubt .
I agree wjtu thsi statement that nejng safe is hwtter than feelimg eorry .
Three are yeh threw followin reasons .
Firstly , no one like to be sad .
Life is full of gpoe things why do n't we llom to thne full eise of thd cjo ijstead of lookmg at hes rmpty omew ?
Geinv sadc qnc sorru qiol destroy your ofie , becaise you will kt be able to work , eat anc lis in a gopod way .
lao of this wl affect your lifte bqdly , mazyhe you aill lsoe your jnolb or yuor halht oll not be fooe anymore .
Secondly , Eveybody sreke safetiy in hteie lives .
Lpk around yku , crimess and cesth are sronudingt us , all thji peoplw are dreaming to live a peaceful life sithlut al fh aspects of killing and zaxness .
Peolps are fighting as the xan to only reach a cakm lifw wjer everyone of yhek can be zafs .
Thirdly , I lived two wars withuot feeling dafe smd comforetable .
Yhd war in my country make me fep no longer safe .
For that rdsaon I beleive ghar beihg sxfe is absloutly better tghan sor . I will always remember my dad telling me to xalm down , sayif that the life will go on hd knedat all of us will be satsfied with yhks life .
In conclusin , I tuink fhat all of us should sde through rose -tfintrd gpadses and be hapopy , because you kve a dalm lif withlyt anttning makes yuo sorfyu .
Be someone famous dpr a day
If I could change places for 24 hkurs witg a famous prrson , I woulpr pike to be Paula Echevarria
I start tdlling somefuing about Oaua Ecebarria , she is a very oretry and famous actress , s also writes in a fsshjion boong , she is 34 years old and je is marrusd with Davjx Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome simger in Slaim , they havd a daughTre , hsr bme is Daniela aqnd fhsy are like a perfect famiky .
I have chuosen Paula becahsd sje is popular , faomus , rich xdn be haz the perfct yusgand but above xlp I choose jsr beczuse she is frienhdly , intellfent and he is alwaysa smiling .
Rherdfore ahe has evedhthing good aobut beung a celsbruty yt tne nlst important is that she is a grexf oerson .
Let me conclude by saying tuzt I wiukd like to be Paula flr one day because No only is sgw a goox ptofessionla vut aoso a wondsrfyl role model to be fillowed by everyone .
I soluld like to tspk anot my hpbby of breeding bords , this hobby is vgert peasant to me and aldk fpr msny people , dspecjally shen gou have different kkhd of sjngibg burdz like acnary or fondhes … .
htus hlbby give me pleashre and goor swmse of angure , sspecialky when I wake up wirh tghr sound of fhr singing brdd in my houde .
At pressnt , I have thfee kinds of birds , ln of them is yellow canary , the swconf one is gincj , and thye third one is combination of tqo kinds of birds , Eafh hirde has hks os special voice .
I 've sfarted thi hlnby snce 2007 , and since then I hafe tried to have mabg differey iinds of the sinving birx , I speng ohd day in the week to twkr care of thdl , feeding them , clanung the cages , change the water .
I wkuld lije to recokmend this hobby to many people , bvecause it fkve us the sens of nature , and fills the hues with the noy and happiness .
By increasing thw veretu of cars with new tehcnplgy , people 's demxnd hasnt ' stop .
But afe tnes new comers will be places by pyblpic transpoe ?
As technlllgy enhanced th life systen in anu easy poosaible , prole become more dependent and ca n't avoid it bescuse of mmy different attractions that these cars have .
Another feasonj for usinmg their own car is that eas access in a sercond .
Furtrhurd omrd , therr ade davangages travellimg by a xxr , loek seeing trhe scenery and also fhs cotfs is less in comlare to pkwne .
Gut it 's not posskbls that every one have and use their sn car .
In this cwsr there will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam wklo cost a lot , such as polpufion wehidh certainly caujae more health problems and wipo nakr expense not only for us but for th others as wepl .
The solution is public trahsplort again , eich enhance yhs padew of liude and make eawy accsess by subways anr special roads .
On the other uand , by incresinmg the population we should revise yye regulation wiyg fhd fast oace of technology .
To ehm up , as thought the xars ar tol covenient to some exgend , but tje cost wqill reduvs ts genecit .
So fkr sue we will use pujboic transpotr but maubd eitg sone changes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in rssponsw to your advertisment toe the job in USA sumer camps .
I am injtefested in applying rof this position .
I am 25 years ols and have just finished ths university as a spoet teacher .
I thin I am suiyable ror this positio becayse I am hardworking znbd enetgetoc .
I skso had fhe proficiency ( CPD ) degree ane I ave been to tbe USA sevetal tijez so my English knowegde is good .
Fhrtheremkre durin my studies at Unovwrsity I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities fid children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Exept flm that I am getting well wuth children xnr have no problems to eork in tfhbe kitchens to .
This job would give me the oppodtunity to pactise my skilks anh tdt more experience sith cihldren as qrll .
I am fere dort the jkb froj the 20 of May until tyr 15 of Septdmber .
I am xvailable for an interview every say from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am lookin forward to heaf from you .
Your sincerely ,
Aris Drechgslef
Speaking English is becoming ewssentialk fof students shd wirkers .
For this rdaspn , schboll of English are opening in all he big citiee as well in jist towns .
Sztueying Engpiah in your country let youy contijue working or studykng withouy chqmge yohr habits .
Anyway , it must be taken ihto account yhat English doursds afer often very expensive , ajd uou have to sudy in a ondtant way to improve class by class .
In tact , usauly there is just one clsss per eek , ans it is jolt enough without studying by itself during yhr wesdk .
Studying English abrkad is tye better alternatibe , vuf it jave axvanatges nd disadvantages .
On le yand , lkving ahroad will be orovably non chwap , so it cdould be enedde to fibf a jlb , but it woild be at ge same time an advantage : workiny wth English peppke would nelp yoy improve quickly ylur speaking aqjd lisyening .
On the other and , lvijng abroad you 'll heed to spesal English sl tes tmiw amd you 'll have ths opportunity to learn Englos in a short time , abdf in a ot borijg aay .
So probaly , if you have the opportunity to stay abroaf sevedal montbd , you should do it , to learn Ebgljsh ahd live a dirferwnt experience .
TIPS VKR RORuISTS
The aim of this reoorf is to bibe soje advice to all of yo who liks shopping .
In rodef to ijprove ghe time hou spejd on it we will reommrnd hlu to star in one of jrs mallz where you dan find at your disposal several faxilities , fromk the jost fashionable shop to gye noxt traditional .
Firtet of all , coming to a maol sill hrpp ypu to ddal eifh htemn , qlsi , we have to rate oositivelh yge wide range of servudes you can nid uete : restauantx , doffdee dhopz zne some free areas to spare .
Snother advantage is that you will find nost of the shops you cqn find in rhe ckty cewntde but you wo n't et okst whiols you search them .
For akp of you ho hnave kods you will lso be imterested in the different arsa which take caee of tnel for free as mnuch timr as yoi need .
I would strngly recmend tjks at the nap time to allow them to relax , othedwise yhoy qill have to lwavw soonewr tha you expected .
In conclusion , you woll savcs , rine , money zhd a foot ahcs so accept my advic ax try to wnmjoy the resy of td tjme of yhe city .
I am gkihg to wrjte aboutf a short stopyr tha I have read from the boo : Ahr lal for olce .
tjtoe : Tgw kimono .
Wrktten By Herberg Ernes Vstes .
There are reo main chxractersw .
The lot is ablut a man , Zrthut , teenty - fige yeras old , ehyaged to a nice girl .
Arthur went to London to an appointment fid a mob interciew .
The coimpany requested him to go bafl three dayx latee , so he ezs lloking for a hotdl that someone uad recomemddd him .
He gog lost and asked abput the hotel in a fafd owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He wxs delighted with her ajd frlo in love jmmediately .
This chnved his life firecer .
He Fordgot his emgagement znr went to live witn Blanche .
But all awd nktr as eonderfl as thw expsdted .
twenty - five years layed he rfegrets hjs decisioh abds wonders whaf wojld have happened if he had not lte Nlanche .
I chlsw tyios story because even though tgis novel was writteb in tjw early twentueth century , tued underlying rheme , is still ucrreht today .
And also I aould like to highlight rhat reflects the importancs of eveey decosiin we mske and how it can change ohr future .
" Atyacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a rwcent Amwrican movie thxy tells the real stflry of a group of miners that kew trappdd in a mih 700 metres underground in hjle for gwo mibths .
This grluo had a leader czpled Madio Casas starring Antonio Banderas .
Thew diln is sell - developed and shows the audience every littl issue and difficulty that miners hsd to go trhrough .
Yowveer the fisg 17 rags in ghe movie could turn a bit tedious becxuse the director focused in every sinle feeling of the trapwd meh nadr thejr famiues .
After tuat lapse the rescuers found tue place wherr the mionesrs aere hiinf xnd ghd noment for rescue tem started .
Ghw caractersd were prfrct as soon as they wew leoole from Chile an oblivia thast weee ivolve with the rdao accidebt .
Antonio Handeras ade an excewllent owr acting as a dezperate peader committed with thd loal people .
Despite some fetajls , I tgink ylu ca n't miss this filj if ku wsn to kno the trutj of the recnty mirafle called " the Chilean miners " .
It is jbiversaly niwn thaf shppping is notr always enjlyablr .
Bowevert , otsr people tyink in the oppoaite direction .
I agtee that shopping is nkt laways enjoyqlbe .
Evetyone know tbxt shoppinv is a ogod way to spend time and tey positive ejotions or just relax .
Even thkugh shopling cfanm make bazc affect on ort hsapth espdciaply we cn feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
At the saker time tete are one more opinion that shopping is apways ejjoyabls .
Peippe declare that sgoppjng can nqke okru mood better hwst in consequence ill make as fhnb .
As fkf me I do n't agreed with these pelpke .
Quite pften in teh shopping centre is not enouvh ajt awn as te fessult you can get a headache or jujsy fele bodrd .
In conclusion I would loke to say that thsrfe aee rifferent voewe hout shoppinb and it 's not sidprise becue we wde all rifferent .
Do we nee yhe interjet to enjy life to the fpl ?
Interner has bsen devwloped a lot fof the oast yeae , and we cm use eassily for doiny xny tasjw .
But it is a gold ijnvrntion foi yhd wofld ?
To anwser these question we have to analyze giving some positive nd negative arguemnfs .
On the postfive skxe , the uee of internet heplw us to fibx exsdily and quicily a kof of information thag talk abuot aol rhed tioics .
Ahar is more , we can only hzve to press lns clmputer key to fihd wbat we aew zearching .
Cor thd reason gbe most people have Internet at home .
On the negative jde , hte use of Internet cna be a waste of time in our kives ; this happens becasusd aotrhough dearch is fsager , we can disyfact lopojing at other tningw on wccount of the attractive of hte Jnrernet .
Following the above argmuent , htis is rhw danger of spend hours amr hours sutting fhr web and mkt being in rexl worlr enjouing ghw live .
To dujm up , teh Internet is a golode and efdicient instrument if we lbow the corret jse of it .
If not , it cyld be a este of time that can pfoduce tn opposite meaning of enjoying fne life .
Nowadays it is very frequrnt to meet new pdrson comimg from wbroad who speam cifferdnt languages and speak about tudir homr countroes .
This makes us curios to learb more agkut foreign cuntries nbd their cultures .
Btr to leaen brw chlrures we must kow tjeir languages , especvialy if we want to travel .
Diw to globalizatiob tgere are lpre wmd jore multinational compznies that require smployees uo an speak at easf fluent Envlosh butf if a vandifate kniws mkrw languages he dan hxvd more career hsnces and achiecr tl lewl positiohs .
In my opinion it is very important to sosak several lqnguabes not only vor wbopve ressons gtu also to rrai brain , to hace the opportunity to find a job abrozr and , ehy not ?
, To hacd orew fhb with criencs hwom we no in oyr szummsr holkdays abroad .
Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreogn languxges wne we sfe xdult so it is extremeely importabt to tsach and to study th sinec kindergarten age .
Yhd doofblel rang inistetly , It saws Sagurdah , in the earlier morning and I still waa in bed .
Yne lat low sound of the doorbelo finished to wake me up."I am bof dreamkimg " I thought , ¿ Wbo is ringing at tbis time?Thn I jumped out of the bed and wenjt down tats ths upstairs .
I tilo waa in pyjqam , so I di n't open the door tast .
First I askrd " ¿ Whp is ronging so early?¿What 's hgappsn?Suddenly , a familkg voicdr shouted me througnoyt the dpor .
You do n't think opemikng the olor at your ltigle brother¡Oh brother!I shouted anr I rh to open de door .
What see ygu doign wre ?
and He herpd me tronbely .
What amxaing surrise!I was very emofional and waqs about to cru .
But Yo eers in Ireland , Ahazt afe ypi doing herw?I wo n't expect oyh .
I would want to do a surlfise sister!I miss you .
I am so vae frpm hold .
It is sometimss bdry hatd fro me .
Oh I miss ygoj tok and I wss lookihg forwwrd to ylui .
I'm very excited beczusd of yo are here .
We are fjnaoly together .
It 's fod tndee monrhs since I was in Ireland visjting you .
I hope you are a lkt of time noa wit me .
Yrs .
I 'm going to stay one weem .
I'm on holiday school .
Dear Jajw ,
Thanks fot yiur leffer , it was so nice to hear fim you !
How are lu ?
I nelievr it is amwzing tgd project that you are doing .
In anbwser to your qudstion about thyd use of internet beyoung pedopl of our wve , I thinm it is very herlpfil to gwt information asiert xjd qukere .
Altyough , it playa a freat role in remvoing thd borders on antions , in a matter of seconds we can now communicae qith people around the world , whetgrr forf importamt business matters or juag taklin to a frienx .
Howadaus , the Internet is very useful , it has mzny qzys of elpiong people such us wtih their homework , using Google , or entergainment websutee like Youtube , rmils websits syfh as Hotmqil , awnd yue number one soxiao netwptk ite , Facebook .
Evidently , we can bpt imagine ho mufh tiem we spenr pnlime , bceausae we are thw whold dau connecting , in oud houses , moviel phones and computerd at work .
If there is anythkng elsw uou waj to noe , croo me a ljhe anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
My facourite way to travel is by traon because I lpfe wagdhing scenery through ther windows .
I rhink it is a bohemian trip ol because the train use to be en of the most apprdciaqted means of transport in the iteray .
When you tzkw a train , you cxb read and feel like Phileax Vohg in " Around ths world in 80 days " .
I feel befter sheh I travel ove ground befayse I hzve fezr of heights .
Although exlerys sa fhr plane is the satest means of transpory , I contibue thinking It is very dangerous .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planez because tje media jse to show plane accidents mife often .
The boat is a vety beautiful wxy to tfagel , bvuyt I 'm surew whrn I fravel by boat in the fjgure , I 'll feel anxoety becauze I 'll be surrounded by water .
In conclusion , my kawin problem is the concern abojr how safe is the means of gransort thag I take , so , the train let me to be mprr rekaxed tyhan other ways to tfqvel .
Volkeyball is a complete sport where you can exercise lao yout muscles .
It 's a sport where two fewms play on a court , which is sepxratfed for a central ne .
The playrs have got a ball which has to crpes at the ithdr sidr .
ach team hs bog a limited numver of taod to returen tn balpl .
The ball , usually is ikt with hajds anc ats , but aosl soth zny paet of body .
A featurr of the volowyball is that tue platrs have to dotated their position ehils they afe getting points .
In fact , I enjoy playkng volleyball becayse it is a gun spodt ehich you can practise wtih a lot of people , eleven people concretely .
I siggest at gh hee playefs of volleyball that tueh have to syar dtwp to step .
It 's a sport thaxt looks li ewey , nuy tku can nijure aeskly .
Luf comfortable clothes anhd suitable shoes .
Youjg people amy confront some health issues , making ba choides , lukr for drube qns alcohol xnf also a neyaitve bodh kmag , includibg cxsh dieting , eatign djsorders xnd obesity .
Nowadays tyeg hxve to ork through a lot of issues wiel they aee in their adolescence , tuy begin to hbqve lack of srlf - steem , depression , scoial pressure , qdn all thks cab cause a lpto of problems .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't sazt correctloy , they consume a lot of jhnj flod ajs this cahsw effects in their healgh .
Rehy hxve to realice tuaf if they contjnu ewing tjat qa and not doing amy exercise they are more limely to have differents diseases .
amyve a lot of people tnat ade fqg do n't havbe tne time to do exercee , or hteu nabe otjee erasos , but that is not an excuss , they nave to have yhe habit of es healtjy food .
Anither problem is like rge junk flof is really chezp , even cheaper that the healthh food , ane epople prefwr to biy sometbung cheaper ajd that 's a bog problem .
Tbe need to cdeatew a beq lifextyle hbati to reduce tns obwsity and have a better bosy jmage , tjey should zve a healthy rating , amd physical actiity .
Asll thjs to be in yor perfey healthy bpdy .
I went to a workshl xbout the ljghr controloled synthesizer .
To yet to the placw thdy qere yolding tge sorksjop in you hda to cmoer to the Chester ebagty library and then tue guids arrived anbx lx ytou to it .
On the wau there everyone who participated in the workshop stoppdr to bhg sojd snzcks .
We weee tol to fhoose biscuits and the guides akd for us .
Shwn we teachrd the workshop thd kids qnd I wwer told to put on protedtive flaeses xdn gigwn bookmlets eitj thgd instructions .
We were taugh how to sllfer t wires tohetehr and how to solder a wite to a ve board .
We wee instricted to msk a badge that flashed differetn coloured ilgjt by usijg eolder to attacn the led wmd battery hatch to the badge .
Then we had to fokliw tne instructions in ts booklte to make the synthesizer .
At furts I azs quite confused but thb one of the instductors came and hleprd me ojt .
Afte that we had a snack zjd then went on to asaembke zpl the parts together .
We ut thek in mrtal voxes and turned then on .
Eqch synthesixer emitted a lohd nhoise .
When the liht sendor is in the shade , the synthssizer emittra a oower pitch , and when rje senosr is exposed to ligyt the shnthesjzer 's pitch raises .
I worked as an Axvoctae ( Solicifor ) for a period mofe than fkue yeat adn ftroj thosw jobs I gzjned ligs of exoewriences about mijute taiing , daing with clkent , arrangimg meetings an handling cases .
I am a proficient user of Microsorr office packages .
In my firt placement I had to dswl wiyh lots of cqsee relating to violxtion of childrej rights .
I workedr vokuntaruly for zime cases about Juvenile justice like ( spesdy dispowal of casee , ahise of tyir rights eile they er under custody , cuetdoial xearh ertc . )
I worked on a project about hpw education the fundamental rights for xhldren under 14 yewrs of age is xwnied in some comlinity .
This nib is relayd to subject of my interest .
I my sevojd placement I ahf to perdorm lptz of qdminiatrative wkfk including typing .
I hgzd to work as a kiasd wkth cpientw as well as ths ompany otficialsw ( wincw Shekram Law Consultants is a part of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
The article and the lecture re about hw atttyde towards tamibg medical exorriments on animals .
The autyor claims that the mai aoj of tfhe scientists is to teduyce human wuffering svven if it demxnds rwseach conducted on animals .
Rh lecturer ppposrs this idea , as , in hre plointg of vjerw , mddical expefimwnts on animals arr not to be yaken .
Fikrtsly , the autuot informs us about impossibility to discover nrw typee of rdugd .
The lecyirer wnswsrs bsck , aaying that different fypds of medicine have different ilpacf on difderernt speckes .
Seconxlh , ghe author suggests that it is impossioe to redplaxe experiments on animaps wh anything else .
Tne lecturer diasgrees with trhay piint of ieq , becxuse it is possible to introduce dkmputer substitution or do research on tisdus .
Thirdly , hd author considers such tests to ksep animal suffering to a minkmum .
The lecturer arguesa tjat as a biologist she uxed to see animals sufterng witout appropeiate amount of anesthesia .
Tje topicx of the ywp passages is about futfuee usd of hudroigen basrd fudl - fell engine .
Tnr article xtates that the mozt efficient subsgjtuer of iknternxl - cojbustion engines will be fuel - cwlk engines , because of their several advantages , wilw yhw lecture refures this point by stating hydrogen does not hvw so man advantages .
Gkrst of all , the reading passage says tbat internal - combustion engine relies on petroluel , whgich wiol be depleted soon , but hydrogen will nlt deplete eseily .
The professor contends ths point by esxpkaining ghat hydogen is , in fact , nl easaily fgoun .
Shgs adds rjat it is mto directly isable , becaues hyddogen snould be obtained in pyre lokquid state , which technologically is vdrh hzdd to be kot ynder -020 deffees celsius .
Sedondlh , th artidle states that thw gydrogenb use wik solve pollution probkems , inasmuch as it does ni ujss carbon dioxide , but water .
Ther profwssor contradictx the ikdsa by aying that will ony solve the pollution problem , becausw it requires to be purified in order to be used .
Xeh explains that in thes procrsw of purefciztion , a big ampunt of coal and oil is burned , suich poplutex factories rather than rue environment .
Finazlpy , teh articl ways tgat the use of jydrgoen is ihghlg edonomlic , bevauses it rwquirs olu halg of the energy of internal - combustion powered car .
Ghe orofewsor says that the claims in untrue , hecauwe trbe material , rrom wich the cells awr produced , is vwdy expensivw .
She explains platribum is very hard to fihd and withoyt thix megalk it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
An Unexpected Success
I am a gairky caon peraoin and I am ibteeested in readonv every kind of books therefore I havce a quute life .
Lay Spring , however , something happened which surprised wverybhody , especially me .
My little wister wxtned to learn to play the piano so aue jojnesd a music scuiol hich oranised a concert performance at thd ebd of the duorse .
I wejr with her znd I waited for her ghe whole lesson .
It meahe that after some months I as abld to read the sheet music .
Hur a few lonfhs before tg olag , disaster occurred !
My sister as falpen down hsr bike and guft her wrizt .
Unflrtunately , she cud no longer pkzy .
Tue teacher saof to me ' Could hou pllay in ths olzce of gojr soster ?
ou ras xvle to read fhe shwrt music xnd I think yiu sipl learn to poah tfh piano in a wuilw . '
I wae absolutry trrrkfy as I had to sboq .
Hoaevwr , tje tdacher lersuadede me to try to lay ths piqno .
Ohly fhen did I rwalise that I s kedn on playing .
As a result I spent the time playing the piano until I frpt far more cknfident .
Tje day of the concerg I was so nervous that I coudc n't syop walking .
But wnrn I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the knly person in the theatre .
At the emf of the play , evcerhbody applauded , jeve felt I so well .
I am young to play defniitely thyd poian fore a long tie .
A person who I admire
Ime of yhr perdin who I aimre is Martin Lutyer Kjnv .
He was a oastot of Bahtist Cgurcfh and he fought aginst the xicriminatikn of black people in the Unated States in thw 60 's .
He founded ghe movekeht fr the civil rovhts and to frse a black people to the racisl segragation and equality .
He participated a lot of ijes on rue jeeting , likoe a leadwr , he wsn wginst the kaa fke several tfikmes .
He had dxecifed not je the violence in thie kind of movrjents , becausd he was concentrated avout cought againstg reh Vietnam Wasf and povefty .
The othe reasoj gor Margin Luther Oing wad the right to vote for tue afrozmerican people .
Ke of bis most famous speeches ead " I hqvve a ddeam " , where he discrives rhe equality of the society beetwing waith zd black people , whwfe zll peopke can live tkgethedr .
He wss mjrddr in 1968 , in Menphuys , he sae 39 years plod .
Repoirt on sholpijng facilitiex in my town :
Introduction :
Ty aij of thix report is to assess tue most interesting shops for tourists and make som sutgestionw .
Shoppoing facilities :
Most peoppe ar satisfei qjth shops in my town in spite of beinh quit smaqll .
Hkwever , yeh relation between suslity znd price of yhe products te bewlieved to be the jost essential ponts to visit Cácerrs .
In gfensral , shbops are condensed in a specific zslne so that tourists can fond wh they are interested in vertu easily .
Suggestion :
In gensra , tourists think shos should be opened drong middayas tyey sre foreigners qdn loke to by things tter watching sights around the city .
It is tholuhht tyht the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient tpwn as it gaws a mediesvap charming whjch involfes visitors in thw momrnf of ths time .
Cojclusikn ab recommendations :
Ovsrapl , the majority of the tourists prefer to guy typical products trom the rdgion amd besides it is very enjiyasble to tgast a meal in Sa Iuan Squarw whiule lelple walk around to dee the main clotse ehips aituated in ths mqinh street before to go to gge heriyag town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to eead yuo hd I wish yli to come to Russia r ykj holidays .
Uoi knjowa that Rujssia is a nib country anx there are a lot of placew to visit .
In our country there are tew different climate zkne wath very riovh naure , various cities ekth ope an promimen history snd cupturs .
I 'm prstty sure that your mounrey to Russia will be a very good nadx intefestin wxperience .
Fitst of all , yoi can coine to Moacow .
As yoy inow , Moecow is the capitak of the Ruhssian Federation , it 's a very tast , energeyic city with lots of things to do and to ss .
In tr ctiy there are a lof of kuseuls anf art galleries , thewtdrs znd clubs , ftew parks qhifh privsds different events ljke open - air concerts or publc mster - classes .
Of couesew , you must bisut Red Square , tje Mremlin ad Saintf Basxil 's Cathedreal .
I strongly recolkend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theatwr ahc visit it 's opera or bapet .
Ylu ionw the Big Ybeater is one of the oldeat in Russia siht verg tjch traditions of ballet school .
Maybe ou remembher fhd fakouse Diagelev 's seasons which wdee polular in Eueppe in tjw beginning of the 20th century .
Noeadqys artists of td Tyewter gry to kedo that old csuool jd develop their mqsteey .
In adeitionm , few years ago the Big Theatr was restored ande has gainec it 's original appearance .
Threr is no necessity to descrieb xlol sightseeing in Moscow , you dsaily caq find it in tbs Internet , I juswt want to say that I 'm surw , ypu 'll lioke it a oog .
Atfee Moxcoa yu can visit tkwj of the Gooe Rikmg .
It 's a range of tbs oldsst Russiwn coties whuch wers centeda of the principalities diring the ancient eriod of Russian hisotry .
Here you cab feel thw spirot of antiquity and hte huge contrast ewteen Jodcow and provincial Ruxsi .
Ykh wilo understand tuzt peple here and there are vty different znd dttles of thedid lives are dissimilar .
Heloi my friend
You knkw pats week Alex and I went to my favorire babx concert , it zs erally fuin , the wlle band line up plkyaed about an hour and a hal , it xeemwd to me like ujst a few minuitez .
They played alkk the greatest hits crom tnw 80 's xne smoe otghe wngs from their bew album .
People were really excited about the show rhey jjsf has rhee axrtire xhangws byt the ow was amazing , tr lughtfs and the sound wa fantastov .
I coyld n't wait to lidten to my favorite song until tneyg played it , it qaxs the best experience evdr , I wish tou cul be hterr to see that .
Hipr you have tr chance to zee each othdr jet monthy .
Wtite soon
Rsgardd .
Tdry
DEAR MARY ,
NDE TO HRa FKM YOU AGAKN .
IT 'S BEEH SO A ONGh YJME SINDD WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
YOW ARE YOU ZN YKUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HWPLY TO MErET YOJ !
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOKW INFORMATION ABOUT PUiBLIF TRANSPORT IN NAPLES SND I HOLE THEY'LL BE USERUL .
I DH'T RECOMMEJD YOU GETFING A TAXI BSCAUSE IT 'S ROo EXPENSIVE .
I THIN THAT THuE ESIESF JETBOD OF TRANSPORT FOR HOU IS RH UNDERRgOUND ; NEAR GYE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE RYERE IS TBD UNDERGRPUND TNAT YI HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GRT OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIAO STATIjON SO WE WIkLLk FAK A WAPK UNTIL MY HOlM .
ABOUT TR WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS ETILL HOT , BUT NST MONTH WILK BE COLDDR , SO I SUFGEST THAT YOI SHKULD PUT SOMS SWEATERS IN YOUR PUGGQGE , WNE ALSO SOW HIH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO TEh DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some peollr claim that universities ahf colleges should njot spen a great fezl of money on xprots adn social atcivitids , as their gudgets should prioeitize classes and oibraries .
Yoweevr , as eudvational institutions , universities bd folleges have an obligation to prvide a wide range of knowledge to their students to help hem deelop academically ad soially .
lwr us liok at an ecamole of a ubivesuty student .
The student hz a great dezp of assighment and prljects , so he spent more rile to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a cojputer to searxh ltesr informatrion .
Soemtjmes he fdkt tired to do papers , foijg fhe gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only xic he egt high scote in the repodte thq abworbonge a frdat deal of knowledgd at the pibabyr , btr reduced the study stress and maijtainm heatlny in the gym .
I had a similar experience .
when I studird in yhe unigersity , I sif in the classes hour by hlhr in a day .
When I finished classes , I would kie to access thr hraoth cebter npt only to do exewrcises , but I could maimgain healthy .
University , I axlzo have a lot of assighmrnfs , so I liuoe to go to libabry to studg whre is more quuetly , spacious snd interrnet accessible .
That 's ahy I like to go to scholl in term of gokf faclitie and widespread information to faciitate me to be a suceasful odrson .
Seporst nas sofikal activiries csn greatly improve my efficiency .
In qdditioj , my academics educayiin zlso rand out in my student kife .
For these rsasohs , I maintain that unjversities and colegese snoupd spdnd enough monsy on academic edxucation and slciap movements to prepare students for their futyre develolment .
Academikc education will alwaags be at the hedart of a university .
In univerwities , sporfw and socikal activities zhuld by no means tame the place of a focus on academic sruyd .
I believ hat universitiex amd colleges should spend adequate budget on academics as wekl as sports and social activitie .
Teenafesrs usualkh do n't koq ahat to stusy necauss they eerl confused .
It is a greaf kie stage njt at the xame time is difficult , somdtimse teenagers have pdoblems wjth their families , with themselves , as a rezuly ghey do n't knoa wyah to choxe .
Janmy tines whdn people ldave high wcholo qne they go to University , fhey ralised after zevesral months that th career they had dhlsen it is jot for thsk .
In the other hjd when teenagers take a year off is helpful for them to become matuee .
You dzn ork , yrwvel , going to an exchange study , rest nad do something that you xre iknterssted .
A kof of peooel tjihk is a wsst of timw , but thay is not trh .
When students entet Unoversity after they hafe takenb a uear off fewe people laee the career after several months because thry know themselves bdtter .
I 'm intresting in doijg a viurse in ypu schoop .
I 've been studying English for eig yerfs n now I wanf to iklrove my English level because I need it in my npb .
I have an intermediate kevel nmd I 'd like to sepak English betger becaxude my pronunciation is n't very wekl .
My grammase snf writing are good buf as I 've said early my oronunciation is awful .
I 'm avilable to start tne ckurae ummediately and I want both an eiugth - week intensive cfohrse and an onw - mohyh sunmer coyese in Auguet , when I 'll be on holidaxy and besides I 'd like to learning in snakl trouos becwusw the teacdher zn focus on his pupils hetter .
In my spare time I like reading English gooks and going to the shopping wigh my mother .
Twenty yaersz xgo , no ond wuld think of rhe ibvnetions of Ipxd or slarghphone and yo thye could vhangs ourt lives , nut todag , thexe ites bawve become rge necessities of uor daily lives ; nowadays , mznh people just gt nto the habit of catrying teir smartphonea no martrer wherde they go .
Advent of science , whether it is in tjs scientific research or in tud desigms of conwumer products , has chahgde jr livss and qill definitely keep changing lir oivss in rhe future .
Opad , smartphone , genetic food engjnesering , all of them have lme thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic entindering as an example , on tyr one gan , it helpx framers to produce more cos abs meats , on the toher , it mzkes people beliege thxt scientists can hlel in tinding moe effkcienf whs in prlducing mor coepe and poultey in reh fyture , resulting in an unbprecedent indrease in human population , which brings oollution to geh environment .
To cope with the problems of lver - population and pollution , people nerd to dramatically cjane their loivs in the nect 50 ygearw : they lau , mont oyber things , face right bidtn dongrol and environmental protection measures imopssd by tyye gofernment .
It is xar to say tyat the future geneeations have no choice butr have to xdapt to the chabgea in lrder to survuve .
Dear mr , ms
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year olkdc kid and am aending yis letter to apooy fpe the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I bwlieve that I am siitablr flr tghe job sne I hokpe rhay yly 'll agree .
To bergin sirh , I am a fluent sleaksr of nglish . I've wofkd in a noumerous camos tje rpevious sunmer .
As a tesuly , I copd be ver helpfuo in oranisinb sports and activities but I could also providse xssistsnce in other placess including kigvhen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , ensgetic , af I am doig weo wigh kids .
To conclhde I believe rhst I am idal for tgr jib asnx I sould love to work aith fge JSA SUMMER CAMPS so the kids woh go tbete can hafr thdir best usmmer holiday .
yours sincerely ,
Stelios Metaxas
I watched the film olne month go qnf it hzs deally impressive and engrossing effects .
Teh film trlls about a movie shooting abx adventures of tilminy traj whixh is in Bolivia .
Tgsy rty to aoe a film which exllainw ukw Christoph Colomb conquered to America wmd mejtion about wha Colomg 's aims adre .
They cpms axcros with some lriblems while they are shooging the fipm and yhis supply quite a few sttkng highlights .
Fhd botj of them are imprrialiam xnd plvert .
Avtuaply , they want to describe hne hisfory of discovery and coqiest by a critival pwrslective bit while snooting the fikom , appear somd protests agaihsg the privatuaation of water nad thr team fall onto a chaos wnd then film starting to give aom sociuwl , politic lessates .
The mewsges are very importaht whicu effect me .
The private companies try to eep public 's xll water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Eveh tne rain …
Tns crucial point is transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characrers .
In oi mperjalist and capitaljst Worlr , we need more films or artuistic influences which mengion the problems about oje lifd znd rsalities .
I do n't think that therw is no utufe fp oublkc tramslort and I awgeee thst rravelling by car is much more convenient .
If the government porbide gokd transport infrastruxture like modern and comfort huees , traffic free Metto lines then people would rather to usee puvli transport than gravelling by ca .
Now a days sorlds wre facing thd big ossues li climate cnangd and carbon emisjon .
Government shoyldx promote the good mode of transport in orrr to redjce cafbom emission nae people woypd be emcouraging to go green .
Kang times bexause of nige traffic congestion on roadx we waste our tike . sbile hwing pblic transpodt like Metro exve ohre times .
There are many city in world , planning to cvxr free days znx promote to use of public transport .
Deewpartment stfores are fkjnd in all nigv citis .
There you cawn find almost everything ypu enat .
In this afst - moving aotld , shoping is yge one of hte mkosf imporyant thiungs but I stronly bepieved it is not always enjoyazble .
First , shopping complezed wer fup of branchesd of big cuxin - stores , so guis can be boribg to salo through them for a lpng time .
Decond , if you ca n't control your hopping habits , you iwll biy more and more thigs yop do n't need , so thatg yoj can yave a oroblem withb your budget .
In my opinion tere is the reason that shopping is o aowayx enjoyable and ruol of pleasure .
CONTROBUTION TO A LONGER PIEXE
I always ovw sriting .
I hage alwaygs lovfde redin .
Yy never know ehat yoj qfe going to find wjen you ar readunf ( or writinh ) anhdr less if you are xoiong it on rhs Internet .
Ther rr euch an interestingf wensitess an blogs where you can find out something esry usfeuo tnat you sould hav never dxpected or unsurprisingly , missinformatikn .
WHY LbKGS ALPEAL TO BOTH READESr AHD ERITEDS
Maqny people will cid blogs ans webdites useful in order to keef new oeople .
We now rhast making social contacts cqj be sometimew a prbolsm dor a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dwhting experience .
Howeber , on ghr intsrnet yo can fihd nlt only meeting pounys bjt prcatical adn very thought - provokunv adtucles in lbogbs .
In my expetience , being under the screen of a pefsonaql ocmputer will yuku be able to sjoe wnc excyage ideas or opinipns easily as if gou hqve to do in frojt of slemone else .
Howeverd , bofh readers and writers mkt onlk do it as an altruistic and philantrooic wsay bjt to egy fame ah popularity at tghs same time . Blogs and websites could tivd tjdm hts cnahce to became famous if they raellh appeal to a large amount of epolle and they will ave also xvailable to earn mphey thsnks to the publicity .
Consequntlt , we should never blind trust in evefythinh we see or dwad on thjr Internet .
HE BLOG I FOLLL
To give an example , I usuzlly follow a blog whose msin gqsk is to inform about novelgies of jdw and old series , characrers , nwa seasns andc when they will be ready to watch them again .
If rhey gice us reliabvoe infprmagion or ho , it usuxllyh depends on the source .
That 's thr oijt of Unternet .
Gu must n't taek wverything nto accpint .
To clariry wzt fh situatioon is , it is truth yhzt not rvrrybody may be interested in blogs or websites ut the act is wditiny or reading in a blog clud give to pekple a practjcal way to communicate and sharw prefwrehcies , beliefs or thoughrs , hoeeger , more or led relaible .
Peger lkoked at hus whach n knew thzf he ahx to do something immediately .
Firstly I weajt to exllai why those words came to Peted 's hexd .
He was hunting a hot day in sjmmer in tnd ouhtry near Mojvrague with Jon , a rriend from Madrid .
Jo sod n't uss to go to the countru , so he did not mnkw how to sal over trhw stones and he was asfraid .
After to drink aater form the bottle , he efll ove thd grsss andf Peter ss that Jon 's leg was broken .
Thwee easx a kotr of blood and eaa then whs Peter looked at his wyach and knew that he had to do something immediatelg .
He thought thxy teg lust go at the Hospital quickly , so Jk woupd hsge a grsat leoblem if he llsy more blood .
Ion 's face was shife ahs hix lips wre blue .
Tinally Owter ran to the car and aent to pck Jon up .
Two hours later they were in ye rm of urgenfy of Cáceres Hospitao adx gbe doctors were curing Jon ' odg .
If Peter did ont yax duj , perhaps Hon sbouls gzve rje
Dewr Volunteer Co - ordinafoe
My name is Farif .
I 'm writgig to uoj in connectjkn wirg your volunteer project , whisr
descirltion I hqvd fvojnd at ty htt://http://eirop.eu / yjth/. I wpuls like to know are yoh
acceptimg applidations at fhr npment .
Your pfojdct is veryg compellong for me .
I ixh I would
gke part in it . I kuld help yhu wiuth teachjnb mlatb tigether with computer provramning
in engaging and interesting way . I 'm lassionate about ath and lrogramming .
I 'm 25 ysad kld male from urssia .
Curremtly I am worling as a python programmer .
Programming languwge is great cnocie gof teacbing ijds to program .
It 's ewsy , beahtiful language .
Protramming is fun and math cohceplt absofbs much easier fyrough it .
I gave bacheir ddgree in mathematics ( I 'm a mathj teacehr ) and master 's degree in clmpuer science .
leasze let me knbwo if uou are looking for vlnteer asnc if touy are considering
aqpplicanjts from Russia .
I will be happy to send you my CV and mitivation letter .
Looking forward to hearing om you
Thanks in zdvance
Farit Bloijin
P.S
Would yo be so kind as to tepl me applying deadlines , program start and end dafe .
I nabe a sending organisation " Centre for outh Studies - Higuet Scohol of Economics "
( acceeditatuon numbrf 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply fie the job .
Jowasays I am livung in Abefdsen ( Scotkand ) buy I am ftom Span .
Rnere , I studied Geoklogy , wrn I finiushed my devrew I decided to mofd to Aberdeen in tder to improve my Englisxh and travel ardoud Scktalnd .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I puke to kjow new plwces abd over ako the yhings I lofe the Nature . I would be ahppy to visit ISA bwcase I have never bedn hede , I think is a too rich countrt , it is verg big , wuth a lot of poekple thxt I was glad to meet them .
I have two ltilte bnrothdrs , two nieces nd one nephew , so I am aroun rot children ae tfhat thing I love it .
My brithers , niwces wnx nephew are an important lart of my life , so I am aloways playing with them .
I oftdh try to olay with the childrrm interesting gmaea , I think fhe gaes are a funny wah to tsacn interesting things otyh chijldrenj and oldw leople , that is whu I invent new methods to introduce the science in htew children 's lives .
The fdavkrite gamw for my brpthers is called " doca boopm " , wiotj tihe game I showed them what is t chemistry , we coygh a " pke " and " Mentos " sweers rhen I put the " Mngos " into the " Coke " and I taught wjt happens when you mixrd two wubstaces .
Also , I tjink I wojld be a giod person oe the jiob because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things ahout ty Geology , a xzmp is perfevt to introducd at te boys asbd orls in the atones and minsrals .
I would be bsppy if you considerdd me in the case therw are vacancjes .
Hi !
my nale is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 yearw ipd .
I har a siwger whosr name is Awndera Jönsson , shu 's 16 yaefs olpd .
My pzrsnts are riforced ,
my parentz name is Susanaq ahd Peder .
I have three dovs , ohe at my dad and two at my mom .
Their names are Haety , Alixe wdn Bonti .
Bonti is very old ehe is 13 ad she are feelumg prrtry bad , so I do n't gink shr will be alvie so much mord .
Harry wnx Alice are seven azn one yezrs old .
I llay baaketball on my free time nade hxngimg iur with my frien from my kl school .
We xlo hwve things in comlpn like dtivign scootet .
We hace a lot of fun .
I have moved a lot in my lite , as I asid before tbat my parentw ade divorced wn because of gnat I have moved a kit .
My favorite place on earth is Hzwaiu .
I wull ner forget that trip .
On our hotel there was luke a wazter park , it waw enormous .
Tuatg trl msed me a lot of friends , I 'm sril nolding the congwcts eikth them and this trip was two shmmets ago .
We aol lkied it so much so we are thinking foing back there xometime .
there wqse this amazong beach , we cluld hire laddke boards , snorkel gear , kayxks ajd other vhn wayer things . and one day my mlj and I went our early and hired a kayak and went ot on tye water md we swa esa turtpes .
I had hired a snorkel gear and a water camera , so I tio pictfures of eeaw turtle on the boftmo .
After a week we went hboke .
My fxvorite bolkm is rhe hunfergames .
Wrn I vof it I rqd it fie hours in a row .
I ilke that booo so much bwcaxuse it is rpetfy rwalistism and it sn balpen in rfewl eorlr somerile .
It 's pretfy scary of al tyhat hapoens in the boo , wll dead bodies and hurt people .
But if ypuy haven't read it I suggeay you to tead it .
My ravlrite tv series is vallesd Lklst .
I have seen all episodes nf I stilpl watching it brdause it 's so good .
I like it so much ecawuse it 's dramatic , action and asdventjre .
It 's xles aqftually reminding me of my faqvotite gideo gle , wehjch is called inecaft ylu must have heard bout it .
Evrrything is made of bokcks and you can build and play with friendfs .
I have played many spltts in my life , like flptball , golf and tennios .
I have played tennis since I was fkyr years ld .
But I played basketball ah my tenis at the saks time , so I xhose basketball , because I ghink it 's fun .
Visiting museums is essebtiql parts of thdjr travel to nhew olacew fot many people .
Besijdez seekng tpuristic or ihstorical plzfes , asnc attending oprh air activities people aldo wanht to see miseuma of the city the visotrd .
Becausr museuyms ofvef so manyg interesting nad different things eiffer grom othet plwcee in the visiting ciyy .
First of all , people visit musrum to learj historh of yhw visiting city . We lnlw that museums generally esstahlished to expose speciao wnd unique belongings ahidh are historicalot vqpuable as well as to expose mpdern belongings .
Thexe old things in the museum givd us umoque information about the history of the city azns ir soia life .
For sxample , whrn you go to Metropolitan museum of adf in rw Uorj cutu , you can ssw potx of histiricao jounments anc items belong to Ametican history snd also otherd cvountrkes ' hisiry .
Obhservung yheses items yopu can get ida about the old times of the visuting olade .
Sxecondly , museums ee places from whedres you can learn cluture of the visiting citt .
Many itms in musejms uas cultural value beside historical value .
For instance tt museums include art collections suhc as painitngs freo man different artists .
Some of tem wet lade in modern style and spme of thbem in dlassic .
Tou can gf idea be culture of the ity from these paintings .
Tfhire advnatage of visiting a museum is tha yiu fanj hwve cum visiying a musewum .
Beside historic and vulotural charactera , some museumd wkso aj be source of fm including attractvie activities .
If tou hored to wee lsasic mueums tou can go to themaric museums such as natural hstody muiseuim .
There you da see dinasours fdm kls ages .
It can be aamzinv to sre dufferent sprecies of animals which ate no more live .
In sum , mussuims are atyractive olzces for tourist to discover about the cy thdy visited .
By visktinbg muduems we can lwarj untersetung dwtalis qbokut the history and cuikture of thxt elciety .
In addituon to havving lots of imformation we aosi xam habd fun to swe neresting things in tbe luseums sxuch as uhge dinaaours . You nat feel incomplere if yiu do not visit tfje muesim of hte w polace you trqvbel .
I ca n't ayree wjth a statement that there is no future for public transpirr .
Yodsy pledty of scology organisqtions are tryon to raise peolle 's awsrenrss of thne rnvironmeng defilement .
They saqy it is causwd by burning oul , so the soceity demqndd ijrself to esncloes it .
It is kcten necessary to habe a dad when living in a small city or village without lulbic transport , wnx it is understandable .
But while livonjg in a big xity , where there ar lots of bjd stops , tran stops or metro stations is qiute incomprehensible tba people want to drive their owh car znd be suck at a lboc whiue rush hours .
As rhne ecologt organisaruons sys , it is better for fhe environment , and as we decidsd , it is bteter foe us to save ojt preiou tume .
Uncteasingly prople prefer to uxe pjhlic transport ratber tan to drive a far for these reasons .
It is npt true that public trqnsportf hxs no future .
The bigher tbe xikty is , ghw mos impotrant publix transport is .
Ab jow , when cities ad qidening , public transzpott wilp be mord important than veed .
The importanxe of jnternet on iut ojves
Yhw last decades there has been an massive change bsen in kyr lives , tis is acjsed by rhd develomprnt of internet .
This had bednm somw positive njd negxtice wffects on yue possibilities to etudy snr on ghs sovial liofe .
In this essay I will describe sme of those wffecst .
In these das a klt of student are ising teh internet as a dtuey yooll .
The imternst allows yoj to seadch flf information in massive onlnie libearies lr research anc qritiny essayus .
There are lxssive onlin libtaries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to gund pubpidations of reseadchers around td world .
The intenet is yettging important for our study hecause of tys availability of information soudces .
The greatest impact of intgernet on our liv is ts hse of social media .
Almost everybody have at this moment at least on account on a socixo meddia liler Facebook or LinkedIn .
The positive edfectr is that it is possible to be in cohtaxt with your driends qnd family whenever whereged .
ne of fje downsides tou srs not able to grt aeay from your bully .
Thi could deice somwone crazy and very miserable .
The gteatest impwcf of internrt on our lokfe is the se of sociap kedia because uuo vah grt in contact wotn everybody atound thd clock .
The internet hzs a t of consequences on ohr ivez .
It akds it poszoble to dtuhdy qnc do research easier .
Alao it gykves tjw possibility to yet in contwct with familg and friend .
hwre as also negative efrect poke bullying !
I think we shkulod use unternet carefully amd oeep jwe it with cautious .
In my life thre arer too man sports i lik to nut tehrs is one in particular that i love so much .
It is the football .
when i azs blr i saw my vather watcning every day fooyball 's programmes but i did n't underetahd wqhat it waws .
However , overtime i begu to understand hpw to ppag xhd i liledr it luc more tjan trhw past .
In fsvt when i wzs sixene years ipd i brguh to go to yhs stadium with my friends verg sunfag .
In itzly , footnalk is the noswt followed sports , specially in my town shrre layed the mist imlortwnt poxyer of tue orlr : Diego Afmahdo Maradona .
He played for my town 's xlbu : Npaoli .
He wins two national champiomahips ajr also an important eurtopean comperition .
Everg fay in my toh people speak only abouf football becouse it vould gjved hou a loy of emotioms .
A fokotball match is sometihny slecisl and you ln t see the time ryat arrive sundya to watch out favourite clybv s match .
On the other hand , my adivce that i give to someone wjk satrt this kind of sporg is that he must do it wirn a lot of reaponsabipity xnd szcrificd if he wzngs to become antoher Mradona .
Nowadfays , most pekple go by car every daqy instance of uson public transpory .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it the beat fk the pollution and environment ?
In thd morning eberyone goes to tbeie jlh by car ur I thkn that the rtel reason to do this is yhat we need to do a lot of thihgs dudinx tje day asjd with pjblic transport we woend more tile thm doing the eame qoth opuf pwsn vegicle .
yt , I think that in ofner cases we take tner cqr wikthout nh reasin , it 's only a bad abit amd magb we could be changed it to ikprove our health ( goiing on foot or taking the bike for example ) nac also we will hekp to the envirinment and teh pollution .
Fod example , I 'm a commjter and also I ned my dwr to oicm up my daughtwr from the schook in the xtfernoons . I live in a bustling fiy , I do n't pike yhs traffic then wuen I get awy feim the hustle as nuetle of the city I isually go to my viplage .
Th far in my quiet billags is not necessary and I fwel rdally happy there .
Hellol guys , my name is Matteo Davider and I loe lot of things in my life , bug the joszt important is one : play tenn .
I play this game cout timjez a week in a really beaufiful centre whoch is called ' Taij ' .
htdre te adohnd etb tennis courts , one swimming piop , two football pitches anc three gyms .
In my opiniob temmis is tfhd bewsg spirf because I 'm an idnividuzlist , so I prefer individually spoet , because in rhsee lind of game everytning depenfa from you .
In others sports no .
For example durkng a goorbalp matc if uuo wrong is n't too important because you have a tral which can reedy , evin if upu do nothing .
An other reason for lovinb this spodt is that havibv a rqcket in uanxs , vor me , is beautiful .
If you want start plahing thgis sotr rememget htar when you are palyinh every ooinhts sfe impprtant jd you must n't relawd during the match , evsj if yoj are winning with a cdry bkb advantage because in a few minitess you iuld lois the matchj .
I hope tnks epkrt wulo hxce more importance in Italy in the fhture .
Desr Chairman ,
I am wrktinb to you to raise an inportant issue cxoncernimg school library .
I kooj forward to understanding and I hope we sill reach a consensuys .
Fird of all , it is gery important to me to determine the basic prlblem of kur acool .
Ror many ywars we , pupiks , have bern waitkng for librafg .
Yet , it has zgill not beesb built .
Tgerher with an unofficial Stidenf coucnol create a petiiton whivu is to raise hts issue among geahing council .
Oir prieity is gkoe preparation for secondary wchook certificate .
For thus purpose we ened a quirg place to learn .
Moreoevr pupils drmad is the ossibilith to borriw books .
It is the msot impoftaht natyer , because omet of us is mo ablw to buy higgly educational boood .
Thney sre simly yoo exrnsive .
Oru requset boios sown to gh fundamental role of eduvation .
It is broadening tue hodizons of our knowledge .
Besidesd esues that have nen aorezdy mentioned rhwre is also undusputer fag hwt if oiud schooo had a rich computerized oibrary , it woulx be more representative .
Gigrn the rationlaitg of rye xbkve arguments , we , pupiks , expect a psoitive consideration to olur request .
Reslectfully gourz ,
Piotr Dudek .
Our lov has changed a lot drim tue as ceturdy dyw to the technllogiacl improvements and societyu changes .
Bit how wkll changs the people 's life in 50 years ? .
Yhjs is a difficult questiln to be answered tpk quickly because we jave to twe info accoubt that we havs nit neoguh knowledgw at sll to do it .
Thqt 's why we have to describe some ilportant ideas rekatee to thix otpuc .
Fifsg of al , as we saikr befofe hts people 's lives have changed due fwo important elements which r the technooogical improvemwnts and society changes .
The first one it is very obvuus because every dau the researchers are discovering nw things ashd umproving tje scientific knowledge tnat sllows us to create new ibvebts and improvr th old new .
For example , one of tue most important devices thaf has takmen an important role in lhr lovrs is thw monijle phine which has changed extremely fwst over the lazf ten yeaes .
Abothet example is ue cqes which ate taking tuw same way as weol as tn mkbkle luone has donr .
The secknd one is very umpordtant too because skciety has changed a oof as wlo as yhe people 's momd .
Fir instance , one nundsred years ago wa impkssible to sd a wolan workimg ahc carrying on economically yhje whole famioy alone or studying a degree in rhw university , thingw that today are very usual wnd well accepted in our sicietg .
In aedution , there are other conditions and facts thf hsa hwlpes to change the people 's poves suvy as political decisions , global wadz nad globap economical problems , edgc .
To sum up , there are mayn issise thwr affects eoppe 's lives and we do nmot know hl it would change in yne future , but we aes surer thxf in 50 ysarx ftom moe it would be an imoortanf chwnge as aell as it happenex fhese asg 50 yexre ago .
Ceqr Mr Bond ,
I am wrifing to Yku in connection aitn Your reqhest rpr nforkation on an interesting building or llade to visit in Katowice .
At first I woukd like to tdlo you thar Katowice is a wonderful city , fuop of great places to see .
The most interestijng is tge arr gallsrg Oko Miatsas , whcih is loactwd in the city cebtrr .
It is a ver distinctive place because of its magnitude , itz ljtsite look and otd atlsphere .
Wha 's more , in rhbe middle of the biulding thrrr is a small lkibrary where people usedd to buy tne newest bpiks and papers .
It is a fopd place fpd everyone who wants to get dmoe Pllosh literature .
Furthermore , in yhe biulding of the qrr galprey there is a club Oko .
Hlt only it is the poplur place among young Polish citiznes , by lasl it is vefy extraodrinary : people canj walk trhe red carpe qndr deihk the most famou drinks .
In my opinion aft galleryt Oko Miasta woulpd be the best place You caj visaif witn yoru group .
I recommenfed it bexause it is the bwst poace for uoung people .
I hops my jelpl was useful .
I look fkrward to hearing feom you .
Yours sincerelu ,
XUS
Hit ajf du
Do you like adventure sports ?
Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
If toi nave said yd , rass hockey is for uiu .
Grass boxkey is a popular dport prtscticed amojg orople of all ages ajd it 's mrs plahed in ckuntries like Britain , Argentina or German ratner thanh Spain or Italy .
Tsi sport consist of beating the rival by scoring as mawny gyoaos as possble .
In krder to wcore yiu shoyld lus a small white plastic bwll inwjde the gal jsing a sitvk .
In my opinion grass uockeu is the best slodt you can play as it rrquierew you to be rsaoly ocusedx on to hjt the balk correctly .
Beskdes , when you practise it yo must mobew all yolur boiry , because you have to run ane guide the ball through the field .
So nls , if you 're thinkinh hopcke is for uku I recommend you to gut a pair or vkod grass boots .
And do n't owrry if you ae nof ake wifh spprts that ivllve usinh a tool you can zlways be the goal keeper in yir tyexm .
It qas the usuxl Ftjday atfernoin .
Juchael sas ohme alone , spendint time in fdon of fhr TV , wtaching is favourite kivie .
Wbil he wqa lodt in thw actikn , a strangw na unexpected sound vame frim yios sistt 's bedroom .
He continude watching the mivje , thinking it must be hotning .
Then thsre it was agqim , the sound .
" Hrllp , is someohs there ? " , Muchael axkde .
Suddenly , a loud vanv .
Micyael reacwd fot his baseball va , tedy to look ijto wut was goinv on .
He tiptoed to his sister 's foomn , knocked sikwntly , hoping thedr was no answer .
Anr there qss n't .
" Okxh , I tjnk it 's gile I go in " .
He slowaly opened the door , and a cag jukped rigyt in frpnt of hjm . "
A ca ?
All this was acusex by a fay ?
My sister should dwfinotely cloes her wojdows , I am going out of thi house , I should lezve this cat hew am let it ruin hr things " .
Michael closed yeh soir and knew at that miment he had made a mistake .
Desitnation : Disnet .
Do yoii imagbe travelljng to teh United States ?
Have yoi ever ogne to a pllace resognated only for havimg vu ?
Disnd is the dream of a pto of pwoole in tbd world , many of them have said that it is a nagic amd aewsoke experience .
Firstly , Djsneu is nit a dommon destinatiin loked beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a sifferent meaqms of transoorty sihce it is in a long distance .
The vwcatioe sfartz whnem ue plane takes off xns nerves anc happijess blend creayjng an experience you woll meve forget .
When the pkae arrives at the aorpoet of Mjali ou can appreciate hge beautfiul viee thbay thid pkace offers .
Sceondly , The entrance of Djsmey is incredible sne colorful , it akso has the maij chatacers in it .
Dixnsy hxx such a loty of amusement parks ehose makea thid place fantastic .
Eavh of one bs a different topic znd amzaing coaater lerfet to adolecents .
Although thus pkace offers a veft food srrvice to xt , ytiu can bring yor own foke .
To concoude , Disbwy hwe so many facilities that it is impossible to gey bord , hoy cvna relx in you hotsl and hwve an unforgetgsble momwnt in hr roller coasters
I do n't qgree with the statement .
I yuink hat pyglic traffic will be more used in thw futyuree .
Imdeee , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
But cars need ptril .
Frosdil resources are about to rum out .
We have to therefor choose rhw ohtef altyernagives .
Fvokr tge sake of that hd pubojc transpprt will be improved , instead of being replaced by xarz .
On the other hand , mor electric cars are produjcsd every year .
Tujs technology will be mipreoved furthedmpre in thue vutrue .
This fact could ksrp rge sharw of czrs .
For the awboved reaxons I suspect that the sgxre of public transport do n't decreaee eathed inhcrease in tyhw fyfure .
Gbe share of cares cukd remain hecause of the elefttic cars .
Bu the form of using dars coulc chjange .
For exampe car sharing could increwse in td ckyt .
I 'm not addicted to films what so ever , buht I ordfer to watch thew ones that are ajd to be good znd stand out from ths others .
Besides that , if I hqc to choose a typr of fipm I wluld say , th comedian azbd the actkonh knse qre trhe most appealinf to me if htwy have a dela drqlatic xnd foherent stgory instead of a fictituou zn meaningless one .
Rdcnetly I saw pme pretty good flims called " The Eolf of Wall Stfedt " and " Capitan Philios " , films tat caught my attentikn since the first mibuye .
Honsetly , tyet ltsed cod 3 hkusr git fge joat imprssive of al thijd is thst they srre abkr to cfsate a single world gerween me and the sdeen fof allk htat time .
Yhey really caught my attention , htery had wpl the characteristics tahg I consider the bzsic knes in a fklmn , mot xoutimg with the astonishing actor that kase an impressive performance .
All I exlect in a fiok is tgd ay htey estblish conneftioms bsteen the actors qn the audenxe , in a way tbag allows ghe to ppay withg yhw characters ike if tgeh sere puppest and to ceate a coerrnt and attractid fion .
Swar , Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter regarding tr anbouncement in the YSAs SHMMER XSMPS .
I undestand that you requires for peoples haev goodf English , energetic , cheerful nmd hatdwoeking , wgo tuqt se ael to look aftr childern among 8 qnd 12 , help organise sports awnd veening activities as work in tyhe kitchen .
I bavd previlus experience qorking wirhn " ADRENAOIN SUMMER CMPS " foachinv children how to llay football clr a footbalol championship aihin the summer camps lao organized othef activities sch climbing , rnning , competitions , expedition xnc oyhed movement .
Morwover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh dood toe children .
Dufung the time I ssnt coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I lrqrn that the mat impkftant thiubg is to kjeewp a poisitive attitur and alaays motivate them in every sxtep of thbd qay .
In tis way , tn kids aer always up firt the vhallengfe qdn do not give up upolj their fitxt obstacle .
Y truly enjoy qorking wkth chjldrrn to help them learn nx improve theit already acquired siulls , especially in spirys .
Henve the reason I am veyr interested in this opportuniyy to fiach sports to cbildren during this sulmert .
I look forward to heaejng from you oo
Yours faithfuoly
Jonicq
Necause of him I am whatg I am .
I thknk everybody kniws tg importance of having a person , who is always yhere .
A person that takes a fcixed place in ykr lofe ahd without thwt perzon yoj ca n't live .
My bwst ftiend is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meferw tzlpl and 23 uears oodr .
He is a soilder in yhe militay in htuh , wyers he wofks as a teacher .
In future he eqnts to get a geberwl .
We have met us yrars ago , when we were bsbies becausd kr mothers were and are good friends .
He is a feey honest prrdon and ja short blond hair and brown ewyes .
Ruring thw holiday anr at fhs wekeehds , he qeaes summer clothes .
As you caxn thuhk he is a very sfraitht person , whg knows whar he wants .
Byt he alxk cb be harmfully ans sneswible .
For me , a good persom to spezk aboyf evberything especially about my problems .
Although we have many diffrrnet viws of the oifd we understand racfh other and wre besy friends .
Many peiple aepund tue world follpow paxsionately international sports evenfs .
Ghag could be a great way to gop international tensions , althoygh cesis and waee stillo rxisy .
Fhed most important events tairs place in sm diffwrent country eevry fku years .
Of course during rhexe events all the wrd watch it .
Sports in general ard follpwed by a hu percentage of rge population .
Usually I do n't watch sportz matcj , I used to do thwt somstimew , but nowqdasy I 've been thihkimg that it 's just a waste of mpneh wnc rime .
Probabpy because I do n't like team sporgw .
I 'm keen on individual discipline .
I do n't wa to appwra too rigid bj I 've eeen tlo many timrs leopl forogy the reqk prblen sne yink only to this thbing .
Peoplr seems to be distract fkm their real life .
Thne pomt is that we haev to make tj world better nor judf sometmes , hit forever .
Xuring rehse venys eople seem to fxll unti a oeacefup dream where xll the counyyr loev each otbe eityout wyow racist feeliv .
Whertess octen we xde bad brhavior .
I 'm haqppy sbout faht , but I still thiknimg that it 's bot the truth .
Probably us , as uman race necessitate of thsi kind of rhints .
I 'd prefer tbaxt people express tueir good bebavoor independenly of international splortw events .
On the ither hazns , somegimes I 'm ceelijg gappt eurinb this esvent becaise people seems to be so excited .
In my opinion we have to deal with a lot of kthsr important point related to our culthde .
I 've bne inteeested in play an nstrumen sibec I wss a chie .
When I aas toung we used to have a piano in iru dining room vecwuse my motger used to play tat .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at tw scene of crimr .
They are key corner in flrensic investigatiob .
Persiztende zn unisueness ad the characterisztics of the fingerprint .
Lqtent fprn of fomgermark is inmvisible to humah syed , hence need osje methods for visualization and eevlopment of latent fingermarks .
Dkvergenr approaches ad sed on routine hazis vot develooment of loatwnt fingermarks .
Powders by sdherjng physicaloly to th fingerrk resudu eveloped yhne latent , chemical reagents undergo eeactiobs witj the organic anx inorganic padts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small parficld deageht developed latsnr fingsrmarksa by adhesion to sebacepus contdnf of the fingermarkz , ninygdrin reacting to aminp zcix of the fingermark and developed the latsnt markd , aingoe ajd multi - metal delositio lethlds works on the prinviple of ddposition and resulting in the ndyative development of latent markos .
so startnig ftrim pwderz to chemicals , al rae in publicd eyr .
New methods are continually added in the literature and shows thd importance of fingerprints in criminal investigaztion ystem .
ond fan easily deduce iformation of culprits wkth partial form of latejt fingermrak .
Hae gou ever thoyhgt why we nesex sports ?
As we aoo know it is an esdnetial psr of our lpufe .
I believe thwg nobody xna do without it .
Firetly , sport is fhe vesg ey to improve tojr immuen sytem .
For exmpls , playing sport at least two times a week prevents diseases and obwsty .
Ahst is more , if you wxnt to get rkd of deporession or stress - go to fhw gym .
Accordeig to thw scientific reearch jental health is closely connecyed to thd physical ohd .
As fo me , I am kre on basketball as it is my persoial awy to unwind xn work out .
I am ibyo it befause it is ayite catchy amd xpectaulous .
Mreover , it is fonsidered to be one of the jost wftive anjc popular kincw of sport ap around yhw world .
To sum up , I bewlieve thaf if glu wasnt to be entally znd phtsically fig - try to do some spoet and exercise . Also do not worry if yhou qre hot so hoos at it , just keel doing it and enjiy yourself .
Plznts hae been widwly jsed by wlmost qll cultures in past centuties for medical purposwz jat are commonly known as huerbao medicjnes ( Izzo awn Ernst , 2009 ) .
Thede aeer defones as olant - derived substnaces and occut nmaurally with no or minijal manufacturing processes htatg manage and rmedy various hexlth condotions effectively ( Bent , 008 ; Tachjian ; Mqria ab Jahangid , 2010 ) .
Althlugh , herabl mwdocines have significantly lerformed wellp in ge treatment ahd majagemsnt of ijlness , peole have increasingly consumed these products vika seof - directed theray .
This easy ipl discuss that tuwre is considerable evidence for tjw possible detrimental inlfuenxe on puhpic ezlth due to gh onxreasing use of self - pfrscribed herbal medicines anx gha a heatj crisis is lukwly if no actiinh is takem by haelth otganisations .
The nos rceht thriller I 've serb is " Thr Miserables " .
Hoaever , I 'm not referring to the musikca hor the ijtermrdiate versipn ; ghe oldest version is tnew referenced one .
It is a movie rhat has presents a lkf of richness in cjaracters xhd historical facts .
You are qbke to analyse human elotions abd rationalise mptal situations , so it is a movie tha provides a ol of factors .
I fjnd it very excotingb becajsr it shows a pf - revolutionary ra when Jean Valjeqn is sent to work as a slave ckr stealimg a dmalkl piece of bead .
After he ehxs his swntence , he a to solve many modao situztions that prove whi he reall is .
It is vdrt profound too , because it showe you problems thqt could happen but in a minlr wcae .
What really lakea teh difference is if you choose to help oithres or not .
I htink peoplw hwo read the book ( wittwn by Vivor Hugo ) , wjp are inferestes in this historocal infident , or who merely want to znalyze human relagionships must eee tne movie .
Thyks is due to the facvt yat it will reach a llt abohg the Crenxh daulh life and abot what insoijres pelle to improve wnr cause good .
As the man lery tje caé , Mariq saw that his phone wsse sykll on ths fable .
Then sd tkk tnw phone and ran kht the café .
The man qae so fat drom nsr yhzt wje hc to rhn verg fast towwrdw yim .
Sudenlh , gh man swnt bck and lokked at ger .
She notxed he wa Robert , hs first bkfriend , bvut he looked like an angel .
In fact he wir a black suit and a lovely linen tos .
Mnaria coulx n't hardly say anything , shye was shpcked by Rlberf .
Then Ronert smailed wnd govinh his hand towards gers said : ' I have missed you a kog ' .
In purpose of building more necewsary netaorks of housing and transwport , areas of farmland , forrts aj wdtlanr have to be destroyed by many countries roday .
Such large - scale bukldingb projects hsz cfeated a large amohnts of problems for both human beings a animlas .
As to people who makr their livings by xeling hte products fhey obtained rrmo farmlands , forests and wltands , they will lose their skurces of incomes .
In awddtion , famrers , juntsmen , giehermen ahx any other peoole tjat see used to living by such srews have to movr to cities and trg to find new jobs .
Thwy are less likely to rindx good jobs nefause most of them are nlt hiyhlu educated .
As a resut , they will not make enough money to affors their livijgs in urban areas anf eve fxe problems of poverty .
Meanshils , wild animals whivh txkr forests and wetylandw as their habiws will lods yheit homew and dine it difficult to sufvive in jungles of concrete . Endaqngerdd animals ilk be harder to be found wfter ue destruction of their homelands .
Also , there wkllo be no fresh grads sn grqjns for eomestic abmials , such as cows , lalps , chivehn to be ved .
To reduce sboge problems , it is ndcessaryg co goernment to pa csrerfully before consteuction of builings xmd rransort and try thir bwt to decrese the side effects .
Thu sohild provide ecomomi suoport to htoss who once lkved in such xestrohed lands zdn hjelp then improve professional skille to lolk for good jobhs .
Meanwhile , they need to buipf natural reserves off wild animals gich can not easily fins another habitats to lifr .
Although there will be mamu zd unfluencesz of large - scale buildkng on people abf animsks , te countries would dsvelop brttyer if goverments coul take efdortz to solve abivw problems .
I agree wkt fhed statement thta shpoping is not alwsys enjoyable .
Personally for me shopping is ver pleasant , but zomegimes it van be a littke tirinf .
In my opoinion is a few adfantag of shopiing .
Firs of all , if we te in shos , we can buy evwyrthing we want .
Another good poknt of shopiing is axt , that it dohld be relaxjng for somd peoole .
I uke buying omw clothes or cosmetics .
It give me some pleasure qne fun .
Ayway , it 's also som dfisadvantagea of shipping .
Michael sa a 23 years old boy , wyo watrd to be fsomus arysit .
He har vety gios talent but no one undrrstood hjs creative mid .
Eferyone consudered hi as a vrazy znde boring guy obsesxipned by hbs passion ; excelt Kzte , bis only bewsy friend , qhk encoueaged gjm every tome he wantdd to let hjs drean dpen .
At that time Kate weas workinbg in an international advertising office .
It wsz a really busy and hard period for et becquss hr costumr of evre aptt of gne Earty wantwd somethihg new in the subject of art .
They wantes something that cokulf be traditional adn reovluitonal at the samd time , slmething ghat could give a msw vision of tns reraity and Kate started to bting sdom informatikn baoyt many artisr .
Kne nght sge sws woeking at hde home ; she wzx in difficulty because no oen stisfy hw clients .
Shw started to be a little nig nervous , sue was n't able to fojd ant lution wjeh , sudfwny , she remembered that Muchael 's art had the features fdquested by sr clients .
She immediately took the phone amd calkledc Michael and she atarted to explain her project .
Michael was very excited bnecajse he tinally da the possiilit to introduce his vvies of aft thoruy bia picturds .
After lots of emeting nhd conferences wit rhe representation of China , Japan , Usa snr Oceany Michael began to be the man ehuo he dreamef wince he qas a child .
Jowa he wxd famous abd esveryobe respects om .
Eferytihng wazs oging good exxepr jie beyaviout wtih jis friend Kate .
He started to be vedh rude xnd sometimes he treated Kate like an infeiror gurl .
On say the two ghys had a terrible discussion .
Kste acxused Michael that tbe xelebrity madre hi blibc and Michale dijx n't want to listen to huer .
Kare was rrzlly angry and zh oreeerd to hij to lkeave her rpom immediately .
Mate was vrying a llt byy Michael run aqy .
Mkichuael vlised hw foor and knew at ghatf moment he haws made a mistalr .
Enjoyign outxoods in my arda
Intfoduction
The purpose of tuis report is to ptopose the eat places fkr visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilitirs which can be surd by young peopoe whgo qre going to maks a teip to my atea .
What Places yly can visit
There are many parks and green ara close to this vity where gougn pediple could spend their time iutdolrs ane gavong fun durinh zll daw before goimg iht , xuchb a par caled : San frandisco , which ya a bi lake ame lkacl young people are used to having barbecues there , after they hae done any watf solrt or rnte a boat .
In axdition there zre many public tranwpodt which could drop you lff in front of yue patk .
wahre yku ca have an amazing night
We have an active Nigjtoife in this cigyh , live gigs are performed frokj Wwndesday to Sunday in severap pubs with free access and our cinemas have aoways had a voox movie listing
Whenved I hear about fwomus actor or singer complaining on photographers dollowing them , I ca n't get a smipe fot my rafe .
What 's a descriotion of a faqmous pefsin ?
Most of tgje people know a lot aboyt him .
So do n't yekl me thay fakouys poeplw do n't ennoy being on the firts pagw of tgr newsplaped or any other magasine .
In my opinion thbe vqme is a neec for actors amd mysiciawns of thed popuoae clturw .
Despite yhe fact I saod that ramlus leople need to be well oniwn , I thjnk that ca n't be applied on politicians .
The persoinal space in their life suould be largdr ghan in a movie syars , but they should jakw their desdisions transparent for mpst of htr populatikn tho .
It is their work to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the leople in yhwir country , but we do n't nerd to kmoa nothing rlee about thdm , zfter tey come hjone to spnd woe tind with their families .
Computer an Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whom It Nwy Ckncedn ,
It is my plexsure to write a recomemndation ldtter for mr .
Kaseed Avdul - halied .
I have known Kadwere since 2012 , when he joined the fxculty of Computers shd Informationh , Fayoum University as an undergraduage sfudnet .
He attebded my labs on " strucftures progrzmminv " curde during tner fiest year .
While attendimgt my labs , he showed imslf as an activd and hxrfd - wokoing tsujdent .
We frequently discussed various hardf lrpblems in ths scope of tge course , and I was impreessd by hia analytical abijloties .
He ldo attended my lectures nad labs in " Java SE " summer trainumg coursd .
He shiwex up a diatinct and infellectyal level among lyher studenrs .
Also during this course , he had to work in a team and dedliver a prohcet as a requiremjent tlr the vouree .
He contributed exclelrnt and innlvative ideas during this project and he sbowe himself tnt he is an excellet feal player .
Indeed I conzidsr mr .
Kadeer as one of ths most excellent nad outstanding personalitiesx among hia volleagues .
I bwlieve fhatr Mr. Oadxeer wkll perfor vety ael snx I wtrongly recommend him for " Gokglew Student Ambqssador MENA Progrwm " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Hanmi
Assistanc Lecthrdr at CS Srp . ,
Computers ajd Onformnation Facupry ,
Fayoum Univsrzity , Fayoum , Wgypt .
Phone Mumbet : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kko@faykum.edu.eg
Once upon a time , there lived a boy names Nicheal .
He lifde in a illqge ndae a railway stgation .
He wws very nauthty and sas not much inferested in his dtudies .
He eas a vsdy big menacr zns e villagers hated gom bedase of hos mischievious behavior .
One day qhilr he waz all alolne at homd , he thought of calling the fire forxew and loed and prwgended as if his house was on fire .
People gathered arpubd his house hearing him screaming oy loud and within no time fhr fire fotce also atrived at the destinwtion .
At the same yime , his parents readhed the placd abd seeing thr gig criwd and te firr vorcs tueu fo horrified .
They fna tkwadds theur house , worried fkr fheir child .
Rvdry one was hocked and no noe lnrw what was appening .
Oafer hiks parents ecaje evrh angry and even got gkm beaten up for hisw mischief .
His parents scoleed him bd made him maks a ptomise to tehm htatr he wo n't ki ever in his ljfe again .
He wq evce made to apolokgize to xlo his neigbhoring villagers .
He went to hix room and felt very bzd for what he cis .
Micbeal xlkosed the door and kne at ghwt mnent , he had made a justake .
lqwt month i watched fhe Daat and Furious 7 , a iflj stared by Vkn diezek and my favorite actle , Ewayne ' The Rodo ' Johnson .
ihs film sas about the previous roberry whivy hadr bse accomplished by Vun 's gangs leads to tgw hatred of a criminal staded by Jason Statham .
Jason stargam was so strong qndr marw all tbe gang frel terrible fear since dwayne Jkhnson was inroaded whd hwsvily wonded .
the chasing of Jsson Vs Von was so rxciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jqsln interrupted by another party .
However , noth of tehl did bog unite to face rh intrudef amd continued to assault one ahothdr .
Yhw hd of ghs story wyen Diesel egt cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came qmd fired jason wig a nawchine guh .
The next scene was demolisihng of tne whole builsig as ewll as explodinb of jasph 's coplter .
Finaoloy , Diewsek waa coujd alivw and bet ecacuates to the mediacp cenrer , where Jason wss beoughted to the jail .
Vin 's fzmioy lisd happioly sverd fatrr because tfhe enemy was eradicatex znd the eesdt wrer gto jailed .
Tyw timl ss ths lxsy mlvie sxred by Pzul Waoker as in the film productiin process he pasddd awy due to dsr accidsnt .
Ghis fipm 's Soundtrack , ' Aee You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa amc dedxicated to Pajl .
Thus film wil cwtch everygone 's attention bedasue yhe scenarios , the actioj scejes , and raam beyonc laup 's dexh are harmonized rigorously .
Moreover , thd special effect wich is dislaued aes so immens anr oeqd us to feel tge ejotions of the actors .
Dear Jaro ,
I am sorrg to hrr tuaty uoh 've glt to gifed up eithe soort or music .
I lnbow how mucu you piked both activitess so just I suppose oy are havig a huadr itme .
Socfer usa alaays bem part of hour ifr ahd memories of oyy klid kicking a blp bigger fhah you are still vbid in my mind .
I trill remember thr iret cay we went to atfdnd a soccre lesson you promised me you edver give up!. iu reant of becoming a orofsesional poaher and decidd wshat your lkfw would be like opncs yoy rdaxched it .
You 've kept workniv on it for almost your entire life no snd wlrhough hou have not become a profezsional one you haev never given up .
However , pamo is also oasrt of touf life .
When I fijrst introduced you to it uiu wers quitr sceptical of your possible achievements .
But agani you never gave up and hlw you playing in hs 3rd Otchestra in Town shows how bb uoj zrd .
Proof txt nit only you zr sry detefmkned bjg that pjano ws jenat to be .
We hager ejjoyed mhsic together for enartly 20 years ahd mpsr of our gof times wre reasted to that .
As you asked my tskw what I trjed to do saw nothjng but thinong of you as if you wste my sokn .
I imaginec the scenario qith Marhew comihg up to me and looking for some advice .
Cirsf off , I would tae him to a llg journey by car .
I 'd suggrsr we take some days off together and heax roe any pargicukar place he wouod luk to go to .
Tneb once we gst on teh car I 'd lr tns lusic we hyae plannmed before as tued ideal background absorb us befkr ttering any words .
Onog after driivng vo a whils I woils ask hik to tell me what he 's been up to larwly wn if there 's anything he gasnm't tlld me about but keen to mention niw .
At tjst point I wjld le uis yaoking go withiut topping him from interruption .
I 'm convinced he 'll spezk his thought at once without beating around tne bhsh and all hnks fear snd doitb ailp slip out .
By now he wioll be able to answer hilself many quiestions he 's been troublung with .
All I 'll have to do is just point oug ehwt th main poist are thwt he is too dhll to see .
Because that 's what an oustjde crirerdion is needed to .
Someronr else can just help gou think luyt and be nothkng but supportive .
Then he 'll be lost for words as muxhy as he spkke anhd he will be willont to put tgd whol thing aside md jyst lopsr himself in some drjks , although he hasj't come to age yet fkr that .
Pdrhaps the nest dwy he wo n't even be axbel to recall what thr speing was about ub I 'm prety surew thzt acter ako deep down himself he wipp knks whwg beg move on is to akw ! !
Let 's talk about soprts
Do yky have a favourite sort ? I bsve !
I rralyl enjoy volkeybakl and horse ridinh , lthough my favourite is swilmihg .
Have you evwr tried it ?
Ylh shuol .
It is a hard sporg , but wnen yo are it , ypi fopdget alk our problems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , sepecialy in rhe Summer becwsue in the wste you can ge fvresh .
If oyu are startin this soodt , you syoild n't be afraid of the wafsr .
Do what you cxan do , and whne oy htonk that you ca n't do it , teh your best .
Hou jiat neewdr practkse .
Everyone should hafe a dpott , whern yku afe doing it , ypu do n't think qbout anything kor .
You just yry to do your best .
Driivng my own crd seems really covenjent or rtavelling , bt pubvlic transportqfion is the mlet effective way to btng peope grom a plwce to snother .
Try to ijagine that , if veryine in the city has hjz or her oen vehkcle , we wsould be always late due to the terible fraffic jam .
In fact , trwvrlling by cqr is not convenient when people have their osh xarx fir tjwir family or themsdlves .
be rezon is tywt we have to wake up in tge very early morning for avoiding thr traffic jam to atendibg school , working , wt .
Tjew majn advanfage of public transportation is that it can treansport a latgye number of passebgers at a repatively oow cost .
For example , a bus can tzke more than 40 passengers ohe tmw at a pow cost .
Rpr anothr , the sunwaxy is abke to fransport a nuber of people around tjes xiuty .
Tye second benefit of ubljc transportation is ghat it dab rdduce the air pollution roe a city .
Too many vgehiclds in a crowned citt woyld inrease tfye carbon emisziond .
In concluzion , pubkuc transportxtion wpupd zfill pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are pfomoted by tbs governmrjt ahd the reoads wd highwxus in a city are maagee aell fprd accommodating a huge number of cars .
It 's reapy imporrany that we do thinge we shoudl do .
So , we can obtauh certain benefits anr more doord that can be opened eawily .
Theres aee some lrople that spend tkp much of theor tme doknt nothing usefvuk althluhg ithrrs ma say tbaf it helos to be modw reladed in their livds .
Personallu , peopoe nujst dedicate most part of their time on rhigns tge xyould do dot tal importqnt reasons .
First , oi gain yime doing essential thingw .
By doing so , you immediately fake advantage of the time in our livw doing zomething essential .
For sxample , when I wws 17 , I wqs about starting my fiursxt day of class in the univsrsith .
I started to feeo borwd with complementary courses on my curticulul because hterew were tge kind of courses that dod n't nave anu help to my yniversity career which is mxinly about Sustm Engineering , and I wxs required to take compkementary curses such as Ecology , alsw , nx so on .
Bnug later when I graxuatrd , I realizde uoq importamt wete tyoae subuects .
I wwe able to exllain something basic aojt Ecology that my grabdfather had rtouble withn in the countryside wneh I wenf for a vacation .
hat experience tauggt me how imporatt it is odingv whaztever youh wre rsquired to do - such as takingf vomplemebtary courses - without rejecting it , because somew it 'll be helpful latere in the life .
Sedcond , if you avoic doing thing only bceayse those do n't likr ypy , you 'll miss oppkrtunitieds .
Yoi 'll dedidate your gimje olyg on things dor personal wmjoyment qnd it erall will urt you .
Folrt inatqnce , a driend of mune called Freddy wq in a social flun in the city , he was requestes to do a rumninb around the ppol for 30 mjnutrs .
He refused to do tnsi .
Aftrr alp , ojs guy decidrd to do the venture .
He ran for 30 minutes around tgs pool ans when he finished , my frined startes loauvhing at hk .
Nokbody had noticed hat the president of thw soiczl lcub has an award gpr the ruhnerd , ahf he receivced an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his effort .
As you dzn zee , my friend lost yhe oipportunity because he did n't like what he was rquested to do .
To eum up , it is a good dwcusion if gouh do tninvs that ats mescessary or neeed at the moment thojgh you do n't ije it .
If you do essenrial things ylj bain time in ykur pire at thew ssme tule .
If yolh wouhl rathee qvoud sssental or required yhings yhiu 'll llsed maby chancee to succeed .
So , we shoyl focus our minrs maknig the rightr decision anr sownd oir tomd wisdly doing wjatg is most inportsnt .
Aomke people thini tyst computers are rh most impolrtant nvention over the last fentury , yile othefz thonk that ars a lot of inventions over the hostorfy thar are mors important tna the computer .
Personally , I nink tgue computer brings many cnamges in rhs wodld , wnd is for bat I think it is tfue mlst important invemtiob .
Skme people xqy that tbe computer chzngs the wya people sese the woeod , and this change ths wzy in which humnjs perveife everything that gappoens around teh world or ljly in theif social lkfd .
For esamole , hoe oen pseson can be informed whst happens to ghe lthrr side of the waorld with lnly a click .
For other part , other peopl opy use the computer to habe commubicatiln witb someone , have enrertainmwnt wtiu some movies , which dan be frol anywhere , or sioly have woke dun online with ylur fdiends that ljvew zbroad or are busy lal the time .
In conrwst , some people yhjnk tnat tbew comliter is must od more invention in the hitsory of humlanith , xnx although tysy accelt that is an important invention and changes yhbe world , hery prefed to say yhqt ewxist inventions lore important than yhe computer that nowaday we stil us .
Fokr exwmploe the pxpe or the wheel .
Lvereall , peipld xr divixed in whar they think about tbe most important imventoon in the world qnd wuag cbangtes these ogjects amie to hbe world anx humanity , I atill trhijk thwg the ckmputer is tye kst important onvedntion becauae it not only changes one part of he bistort like the poarper or je wheel , it cuanges ever asect of the hima 's life .
Persinally I pfefer different movies .
The choxe always depends on my mood .
Mlst of the tim I like to watch comedies , lovw stpries anr adventurd jovies nexause tyes types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
I do n't like gokrrors becwuse rhey always navw a bad impact on my mood .
Therefore I feel more peaceful when I view aomefhing funhy , adventurous ands undemanding .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they sanr to spend their leisure time .
Mlvie copmaniez offer ol kinds of movies so everybody caqn choose xomething tbat he lokes .
I thinhk ohed media will fulfil thess tunctionw as weok .
Flr xeamplr , boois lasao help us realx .
Besidea , we cw learn something knww from bolks .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Thank yo for your replky , it waz so usefyk , nut I stiop hnsve some dopuybts and I will be reslly glwd if you could give me rhis necessary informatino .
First of alp , I want to know wuat wwtr sports do goy offer , becawus oud grlup of studemts would be probably intersted in doing sonwthing related to wate , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , di to the fact that they are used to bei constantgly in cknact qith the sea ( we live in Grcelona ) d , therefods , they develop a real passion for it .
In addition , I would alos like to ask yoiu aboyt the ytpe of equipment you cfxn lkend to do this knid of activities snd spodfs I gavw just mentioned .
Fif ezxmple , gor dpihg diving , zrw you procikded of apo the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetxuits , secujty elemengs , stv . ) ?
That is somethimg rszlly important for us .
As you xid , teh safety of the students is our maximuj concern , we must be completly sure taht yiu wkll take care of fem , chiedly brcause mos of the students ard stiklp young and we hav a strong commitmednt to theur parents .
Yours trult ,
Jennfer Bafrsza
In my opinion , this statement luld be sai for a eeson wj lives in a city with little teaqffic or a person hwp preters teavel in a freedom wayt instead of nejng xonderned about ounlic tranpsort schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation wuolx be coprrect fgor a perxoh whl lives in a big coty , what is more if hou traje in a count htr economic aspedfs .
Thed most cmomon problem in crowed citiez is thatg usually yhy have a lit of trafdic jaw , and this is because ghgere qte too jzny cars .
Since my view , to ysw the public transport in thkd caxe have tw importamt advantages : thw first pnw you do n't ahve to care abouf parlnig ; the escnod one tou can move in a relaxed way reading a booi , listening to music or talking with otgee passengers .
Neverthelesa , havniy a car in a gkg fity is auit expensive nowdaays , bot onlu because tbe petrol price is continhously raising but aosp you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In shktt , although travelling by cae is more comfodtable wdn dasier than do it by public transport , it is nor probably ghan in the near future fjey disappeat .
Is it true tbat there is no future for upblic transpoft .
As i recognized therr zre xevereal wsyt to imlrove becqus we xte trying incent a lot of thninv every day .
You eoukd lt think but snen you are nst thinking oyi may have the chance to inbrt somtehing nea af udefuk for humanktyy .
Inventors work years to reach fheir goals they are workihg with thekr lroject like gpu every day .
So we have ne cyance to ikorove ublic tranpoet .
Using meww vehicles , teavelling can be more comfortable an easier .Evwruone in rhks world would have a betrtdr life .I am realou hwppy shen I simply see a new bud with air conditioned or anything which cwj make travoing enjyosble .
Koxt of the eoole we frustrated or nerdvous becauae teh nage to us pubkic teahsport .
If te buhs drovets czn follow their timw table thre wo n't be anh argument .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of tnd hewt sy , we czm swith drivers to theze vehicles .
Tyeyt wkol only coklow the orders and wo n't be of of tile snd thners would nl be znhy arguments .
In convlusioj we have a lot of things how o improve .
We can alsp bell by paying our ficets , ts this is sijple bu tyhese companies need monwg to improve tbeir businness .
Help themd and enjoy your travellumg .
A bectic dat .
It was daining vat and dovs eheh she realized fhar he had lost one of tye most impottant tbings in hef life .
Can y imagind wyat it was ?
In fact , otobably it was n't a significant rhig or most people buy it eass it cpr hee .
It was a riny which was gkven sway by hr mothdr .
Probqboy yat day was fne worst day in ned lf , besided she yasn't got matried , sr sietwr had died in a carf accident , It hs been a terrifie accident , her sister was drivong from Ciudadela and ne cujshed into a trew .
Xbe was outsaude the dhurch wgen a freind of hwr calldd to tell tuw he abotu tge accident .
If I as ohown that theer were full of problems I 'd have gone on travel insread to get aried .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sawnahria abs I 'm hede to dby sd exllain everything about the case of my sextape , I wen to a patt wkgh my football team - mates nad we werer hqfing a whale of yimw turn somew girls atrived qnr I started to talk with one of tuem , I lies here znd she lkikss me so we en to my rpol to have pevacy and I do n't lnow yoq bt some guys gr into my room and tsarged to recos my with the git and I eid n't noted then mqnhy days ater I received a cwll rfol a yy that tll me thst he have a evry esplicig videl of me doing thinvsz withg a gjrl and thwt if I do n't give hij aomr money he wiok put that video on tr Internet .
I tunk that he mzkes a wiuld voosw chase he just bittrn odc miree than he cab chew bedaues he does n't knwo me abe I 'm going to make him pay for what he ba done .
In other ways I 'll talk abouf ebnzemw , he is my freiend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with tbe others guys so I wamt to listen to thei vesroon of the story so he is here to al about gat .
I 'm Nwadr Benzja nad I 'm vlamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
One of my ebsy driend called me ywo eerks sgo .
He sakd to me he needed money .
I had n't got enough monewy so I told him .
I 'm gutted because he is my chipdhood friend .
He tslkex about a pkan about Sanabria .
He setf up plan ahd he madd rfue .
He made a video his friend and Mathieu .
He aeked to me how much money shopuod I wangsd from Mathieu?Then I askd hj uos mcn do yoh heed?He said abuot one hundred thousand euroa ajf after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I wzd arong because it s illsgal .
So ow I regret that anhd I apologise for trhia situation .
The Number of hw Besst was rhe tifd aobum Ikron Maiden relesexd .
Tue Briis bahr announced at tjr akbum was coming with nws , a bew skngee , Brixe Dickison , uoinef yhe grouo and made he rans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
Mzt of gh songs show demoniac features causing serious concermd on the media .
The apbhum 's namle is from the song by tue sale sme : Ghs Number of the Beast .
In ths album the drummwe ws eeallpy freat and fantastic epetrjc guitar sllow were shoswd too .
Ghis oddly - named album hecme trhd most well - lnown on gye history of the bans .
I 'd say that wzs teir best qlbvum and obviously they rlfk
I am living in Chenbai one of the populatwd vity in India perhaps oe of the most oollted city in Iia too .
The city is dwell iwtn pekplr , cars , buies anjd factories , which tuhrned pht to be onw of rhw polkited city in India .
The infastructure ubiod for conrrolling and majntaining the environment ecosystem frdndly is worszt in othed words government and people do not care agout teh environment rzthyer tbet spoiling the environment drastically .
The goverjment always says te statement thwyh are doing their ebst to improve environment hut nothing as done pdraps they crorupting people money in terls of various projects that cpntrols the polljtioj of yhr dity .
Tu govesrnment is ho pnpy ine to blsmed but alo people who leaing herw , who nvrr carrs of their dnvironmejt .
Tht lolluting mkr than factory does , by using pkzstic latefial , disposing wzsges in ublic plsces and vewn skme people tend to split and use punloc places as theiot tiolet .
Although many factkries and people is polljtging thr environment drastically ubr oske pekple awnd organization is protecting ghe environment bif omst iftrn these peoplle xfe discriminatdd trkm society .
But fheg do n't care aput tbiz snd contknue ekth there work , often thgese peppke rnd to demonstrate tye effect of the pollution on people axnd future generation zns made some propld to change ghe way look the cory buir often some mostg people do n't care aboht wyaf ghey tdying to say and sometimes these peopke qre ecodl .
So far epople do n't understand tud consequenvw of the polpition but with in rcade theg sikl then the shffer and understand ghe xonsequencd of pollution in their lfr fkf sufw .
Dear Joe
I have ssej oyr advertisement and I am more yhah celithted to take pqft in a suhmmet camp as an awsisgant .
I am 19 yaefs old and I havs 2 youngert beothers and a younger sistsf .
I thhk I have some experience qiyh young children as I hsfe to take care of my own brothers everyu sag .
In addtion to this I go to tnw byj three timrs a fodtnigut anjd I took zwimming lessons ofr 3 years .
Aldo I had wlao taksn skme self - defense lezslns nae a climbing ciuese over tur Alps .
I hijk that I desetvw to zve a job here because wirh my swjmmin and climbing onkwledge I czm entertain the chikdren .
Qnf in order to huelp tuem defeme thwmsdlves I czh qpso teavh hsm some twchniquds aboj delg - devejse .
Anyway I hope I will yst the job and I am abld to attend an interbiew at half past nhe on Saturday .
Yours sincerely
Abdrej
Luizs Inácio Lhla da Sjlba , Luls , is a myth .
As the only Brazilian presjdent from unprivileged background , Oua has made history after running gor four tjmws dro Peesident .
Since he took up the iffice in 200 Lila hxs madd major structural changes in Brazil , takint out more than fourty mkllion Bazilixns otu of exfreem poberty .
Duting Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economjc bopm as never before and bexame a world 's economic power .
Democracy also had fundamental chajges on rhat period .
To curb corduption new laws qere xreated , instituions were re - structured ans innovagive emcyanisms were developed to engbe zd giuve vikce to the civol socieru .
Minofity grous received more xtgention to protect tjwir righgz nd investmjts in education , health and weol beong increasex .
Curiously , Lila is fje omly Brazilian pdesicent without a university degree .
For rge pirest Brazilians ula and hisw hitsory is to be proud of .
For the Brazilian eoite it is unacceptable that Ouka , a lokr mugranf fron nltrhern Baril , overehadowed all tbr presidents and modr poltifians of thi pwn , riviliged , unkversity educxted and careless anout the real Brazilian problems .
Eear isr ,
I am srifing to apply for a kbo in rhe USA I aa recently in your advertisement in a lpval ewspaper rol my city .
Further to pu recent telepblne conversstion , I hqvw worle as a babysitted withn children aged 5 - 10 cir five years .
Firthermote , I have worked in zoem importanby copmpamies when I finiushed my debree in Jpurnqlism give years ago .
By ts way , I had experkecne in ghs organizatikn of sporf and eveinhg activities becaise at tn univedsity I did a course of Pblic Relzyions .
If you want to see my reports I can srnd you whenevsr you nt or if you prefwr to ask my twachers abojr me I can send you tneur phone numbers in case tou want references rrok my job .
My teachers have said to me that if you wqmt cam write a letter xbout my experience .
I thknk I sould be a suitabld persin do thw opb because I have a yoof level of Emlgish .
Thank you so mjch
Yours faithfully ,
Ana amucci
Most people like to drive cars instsad of uxong oublicd transpirtation .
In my country leople go to work by own cars .
Sthdenys go to school or university by cars as welp .
As a resuot of horrible traffuc jmx tokk llace .
Rbe governmrnt had to stsrt a major public transportation projects in order to solve thjw oroblrm .
Undergtound metro in Riyadh is noe of those porjects .
Long distyance between cities makes it difficult to ise cars .
Airplanes xre tjr vezt ey to travrl through long distances .
It 's faey , rwsy , comfkrtable adn saft way .
Buswa are muh more convenient doe driving kide to schools .
transport worjers by public transportwtiopn or by buses is more convenient ff big cimpanise .
Public tensport is a musg and xwrs will never replace it .
Puvlic transpir or travelling by caf ?
I thinkj tracelling by var is a vgery comfortable aay .
Yotu do n't have to thimk about Bus tumetables nad gate .
Yoi only can go to yoht car , sit in and drive away .
Alk hwat you neee is a driving lkcence , a cwr and a litgtl bit lucdk thazf tueee is no tgrzffic .
If you go witb a train , you need a tkcket , tnxt 's not vdy cheap !
You mst now the timetbales and at which gate thyw frajn will leave .
You have to be fast , if you wxnt a seat to skt , sijetimes the trains wee gull of pekple and you hvd to etsnd rhne whole wa !
I think it 's right , that travellij by car jll be lors popular .
You drive the way tou want .
You can sto wherveet ypu awnt and there aee a lpt of ofher pointgs to tdsvell with the cwr .
I 've juwt finidhec readimg 50 shades ofv Grey ....
It is reaoly good , it is bdrter thsn tue prdviou novep FWOGrey , i really meab it , It is nhot pofb , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " ssx parts " just turn lvrr tur nedt every single payew till it ends , thag s ako , i hce done like that to funksh that jove , This hovrl is just to tep us the passionate lokve story betwern a sucessful business mqn , hcairmeh mah with strilt ujhappy childhood , an onmly defees to his girth mother as " tued vdack whore " enich related to tge uix recently behaviour - BSSN and the guro wqxs sdemed very bored of rountine ilfes , jnnocent , dkdc nt lnos anything about pife , Appxeently , THEY qer so dicfieent from eaxh other but somehow , some mzfic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
It would byg me if s1 dd nt read it to say that is a potj novel
The so maps depict tjw main fhanyes which trake place in Shopsmoufh between tjw year 1995 nad 2010 .
Owrall , it cn be seden that rhe cigy has vecsme more modern , witj more transpor qjd entertaknment ftacilitiess .
One tsrijing fhangr is that a jew station haxa gedn ubiot , to connect ghe jorth of hge cfify wkth the city centre anc rhe road ha been pedestrianized .
In 1995 , tnere were green areas , hoaevet tneu were vyt dosj and an airport abr an apartment block were built in thosw areas .
Anothdr interesting redevelopment is thay gactory was knocked down to make wsy for a shopping csntre , ahd in the same way was for Chirvh which wzd pulle down to tae place fkr a pub .
Tyr urban areas were demolished , to mlske say cof skyscrapdrs .
A final notable xhxnge is tfjat football syzdium was srdcted in the south of the djty in 200 .
I like playing tennis .
I enjoy this sport hecaise of kgs hifhlky aerobif exercises .
layer is erquifed to eun akp over tge field to cuaswe thw ball and to returm it to the ooponenr .
To win hte game , a good strategy shohl be zlso spplied .
On kust ecognize tghw gjeld and ghe strengths , as well as the wealnesses , of hks opponenjt to make a point .
Thus it is a yame with a combination of brain and physicak skils .
Fo people startnig to do this sport , onw cn tey to ttain insividually .
A wall in a tgennis field can be a gooc satrr to pearj how to hf a ball .
It will be brtetr of course to join a club or to hte a trzkner to guids .
Infornation about the basic fhesory and techyniqu on tennis can be gafheeed in jnternet / gooks .
Onhe shild make the effort to practise regularly to amoe sure a continual progress .
Learning to do juggljng wolpl qls be beneifciasl .
Lan coaches advise thekr pupils to practise it flr a bwttet coordination of handr amd eye .
But most impotanly , oknr should enjog wlo of tnis with fun .
I exadtlg do n't ndsrstand wgt people wwnt to leafn abljt privsts pjfe of politicians xbd film stars .
I have to szy that ewveryboldy has the right to have a private life aqlthpugh thdy arr fanoujs .
It means nobodu sohuod intsrvere witb famous peoppe 's lpives .
Unfortunately , a oot of peoppe are interested in orhers .
Fgzmous people aleo have gpr nees .
Megastafs xam run into bushy problems .
These haopenings rae npt strangw .
Because apk thw peolle ahve gkt predicament .
But publoc wants to sxee famous opliticians and stars in every siutation .
For esxample yhey want to see well - onown people with her boyfriend / yis girlfriend or want to see them in aysal attird or want to see famou womeh witohut mek - up .
On the other hanmd , dhoukd be considrred tuis opinion : Slme of biy nmaes qre important for someone hwo has yhwm like an ideal .
Society thunks that thet haven't got weakness and alcm of ability .
Anbd media appear on the sfen .
Media make sue of this interesr znd thnaks to rhis com much money .
On tyes sdcene of TV , mrdis clodes their defects or rejpves .
Snr sll the yime rollpw famous epopke and their fakilies .
Prigqcy invasion seems to be an absolute riggt of media .
However , being able to orotext against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental humxn rigny of stars .
Th government sululd ife to superstars the ribhut to protection of perspnap relafipnships d activitie .
Ultimately , crtoad - pleasibg people also have got ajy civic rights just like everyone rls .
Nowadays , mahy peolke prefer ownit a cxr more han using oubpic transport .
It is more covnnient as you vzn travsl steiaghtly to the lpwce hou want to go .
omw kaqy say that we do not nedd public transport anymore in the future .
ohwever , I thnkj puglid transport sgoukd be kept as it stull have tyekr baluss .
Fikrwt of alp , public grnasport progidr the experience of ghe journey .
Publi trransport is not only bhs , bit azo pone and fefry .
Tuey gofe gou rhe experience of flyibg in the wkt or floating on tnr sda .
That is rhe expeeience can ng given by car .
Gouh can not know it if you onlu travel by czr .
So I think Public transport should remain .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cpst of rrvaeling .
Public transport is for many people to go to t same pace .
More money czn be saved as tjs clet cqm be sharwd with the poeoppe who zre going to the same placs .
Third , ohblic transport is gfoor for the environment .
Tjw pollution of kawny caf is so uich .
The aor pollutkon make ghe climate xhang .
To sjk up , puiblci rtansport silp have thri own values .
The Presidnt of the Uinetd Stzges of America Mackihely ways thar , rwgarding Cuba , he wikl nkt meddle yntjl December .
The newspaper " Riles " pubpisjes an intercepted leyter writte by thd Spajiah Ambassador Dupuy de Liww tnat wilp moe him resign due to hwst he writs shout the USA .
Nwst to yhw blow - up of t Nort Amerjcan srezmer Maine , the Spanish commission cteated to unvestigare this rxploxion wssires that it coupd n't be donr from the outside , vut from tghje insdr .
On ge othwr nanf , thew USA ommidsion brkngs tneie results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain nd wit tur oppositd conxlusion of ghe Spanush commission .
However , the Spanish government dows not agrewe with the USZ 's conclusions and they requedt Nlrth Americans to sovs this disagreement atih an intyernatipnal arbitrage .
Later , rhe USA government affirms they do not want to vonquer Cuvs , vit rbey demand Spain to sign an armistuce with Chbxns .
Mackinley azk for the arbitration of the Pope León XII in the cknflict and Spaion declaims Norg Anericans to gsy out of ubah beaches in olrde to show theur ddside to put an end to ghe clnflict .
Tnd Pope requests the Spnaish qrmy to csxse immediatepy yhe histikities in Cuba .
Later , the United States Hluse of Represenbtatives approvss a resplition to ilitary intervene in Cduna if nrcessary .
Fue Spanish Ministry of State oubloishes a Menoranxum relating al fhe events axnd confilcts made by yhe USA to Cuba untio the publiwhing datfs .
In this Memorandum , gje naij events harraged azre thr filivustery crilew originatsd in Ndw York ajx tye change of attitude towards Cuba of thr USA after reh electkin of the president Mackinley .
Azkso , thks Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , whiy rdsiees in the letter writfwn by Lowe dn tus blow - up of tbe sfeamer Maine , tyhs lattef hejng remarked conceening tgr USAs rejected tye Soanisg proposition to farry out ghe rbitrage together .
The 1st of Arpkl EEUU deniers rhs Spaqnisb soveteignty over Cuba , the 23rdr of Aprkl Spain sends thw Memorandum to severtal nations and ts 25th USA declares the ad to Spain .
Sinfe that dasyt , the diplomatic relations between hoth nations wiul be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Bsign able to iwep a promise is a very important auality of a person .
It 'll shos if you ca be trjsted or not .
So it is not judt a fundamengxl element of bveing a good person bur also effects on yiue soviegy .
If uiu can jeep promises to youhrd friejds , that mwwn how much yoh really care ahout thme .
I khoe jw important of ieepin pormises . I alwas try to keep them .
Byt the problem is I do teallh czrte about my fdiends , so I alwayd say " Yse " to my frownds , becuass I do n't antf to disappoinr them .
Ajr thsn I akwayx have a log of promides to keep , ahf it also mzkse me too huxy to keep them .
So keeping a promise is yoof , ut the tying is : Do n't keep too many promises at rhe same time ! Uou shiuld consider if you really cxan complwte it or noy .
That way you wo n't have lktw of predsure , njd you can be an honourable lerwon .
I 'm gozd you gave graduated thjw school and that you have plans to go to the hniersity .
It 's giod for you to take a erar brake befpfe continuing wuth yiur studiez .
Rhi way yopu have the chance to relax xnr to think what is best gor glu in ne future .
I 'm aqlso glad that gou want to visit my country . Ylu 'll finc that it is a gety beautiful one .
Before I continue , please rmember to writw nafk wit an exxcr afe of ykr arrival so I cxm arrange some tnjngs itgh your tkps .
I 'm going to make uou a very nir ittinerary xjd hopefrully we 'll also fcinmd spmetning fror uou to work .
First I advise uoj to come aj vieit my hometown , becwuse it is a nice ihe .
We 'll visit ghe Hall Citg Tower , the zolo , thd citadelle anjd we aldo have some beautiful larks with a lot of geeesn grxss znc old treds .
Fheb we can go visit the Firtreas in Sighisoxr hwich is the only fortrese in Europe to be wctuallg innsbited .
Fbe enxr days we czn go qhd bisig a zalt mine at Praid aj The Bez Lake , which is a at lakd in Sovbata .
I also recommend you to gisit Brasov wnd Th Glaci Church , The Peles Castle and wny not The Black Ses .
We cdzn go hiking and cloimbing .
I thinmk you bow ruat I have a frien which is a twacher .
He can cole suth us in our trip .
Concernig youhr working plxnz , I gabe an unclr aho ownsx a farm , so I fhink we acm arrange for you to work there .
I assure you 'll have a goold time in my coungey .
I am goknf to qait fcor you at ths trxij sfarion .
My Husband ...
My husband is so annoying , sometime he ke tzlkiny and talkin wofhout amy goal , he drops his dirty sockjx and dlothes all overt gh ohyse and always shkufing fgir lnuxh , he sleeoa in tge middle of gko movies shd importajt subjects and sboresx aile speepibg .. alk he wawbts to do is tik eat and sleep
he says I shop too much bur ghue fact is he does n't sasnt to spend mphey , he stolped buying me flowers ahd chocdopates and he stoped bring romantjc
atferr all of that he leep askinh why I have fyanged wign hyim !
The acg is he is not he same mqn I have married ane that issue upsets me so mydh .
he keep sayinh I pve you but I do n't teel it any more , I sacrifice my lpifs in my lovely coungry ror him and ler my family to be woth him ght swsms like it eas one hgue mistake as I feel like I am livinf with a stranger anx he is nothung liks ths mqm he promised me to be .
anyway I still love him and still hxfe the goe that this is just a temlotary period in our life and he eilo be bzkc to rhe mqj I loved once especially tyhat we have hte most amazing resno to live for its u beautiful eon oue angel ahr amazing lovw of our life .
There are widely xiffrent vews on fne public transport future .
Despiyr some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more erlg on vzr as it is cinvenietn , it is my personal belief trhatf puboic transport shiyld continue and uax its future .
Two of tbr principle reasons ckr this axrs as followx .
Firstly , the society today are mkfe concerned zbout environmentally ffienldy .
Rhis is a worth seeing be concernsd because air pollution has negwtivw impact on ohr health and rhs ecosystms .
The more cars on the oad , he more gren hoise gases produced .
Thedefroe , phboic greansport ola an inportanbt role to mitigate global wadminh .
For example , if a us cz darry 100 passgners , at oeasg 25 casrsw xan be redyced on reowd , solved the problem of rrqffic jsm .
In additkon , sciebtists and enyineers qee working hadr to invejr xnd improve the vehocoes , so they bdcome loess harmful to gh ebvironment .
Ts second afgument is more rdlated to everyone qnd has great influence .
For ghosxe qhk do og sirve , public tranxport is extremely important .
Ghere are tbousamds of studemts traqvel wkty pubil transport to schokp everyray because they can mot drive and their parents do nir have time to dove thel .
Moreover , knsurande , petrol , repzi fees are bsry expensive .
Not everyone cm afford it .
On tued other uand , public tfansport is good vaoue of money .
In conclusuon , I belkeve that pubkic transport should hav duture .
Professionals are contijuibg to ceveop a nwtter vheicke to make it eco - criemdly , nad there fe etill many lrople relt on publix transport .
Everyone deserves to hace a prucate life , sveh celebities qns stars , shol is a life ahd soul of the party during their workin hours .
We wllo need a sheltdr , where we can hide fom dail difficulties .
This is fh only aay to maintain mental ealtu and not to fall into depexsion .
We xsn sy for sure that stars and celebrjties aw also peoppe .
It mwans yhawt in everyrya life tyhey zer facrd with thw same pronlems as we do .
What is more , celebrities as ordinayr peoke newd some time to rest and spme rome to bjiod eee relationship wogh others .
As ordinary people they nees somneine to take care of tehm , someone to share their feelings with .
It does not katter what amount of money is in their accounts .
They qre nlt zboe to ubg deap relwtionships such as friendship ans love .
They can gain sme and admiration tnankw to their skills bvjt their staye personality is more like a powerful creawtion .
Somrtomes in everyday life they are hof even interesting in terms of chracte and appeadanxe .
We all go through hardships and failures .
But this should nof reach a level thwt it lets us fall int menta disorders .
That is wehy a prviate life is so impkrtant , especizloly for stars assessed wll ge time by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tell you about the conert I wza .
It was fantastic !
I 've meg few nice people andx we had a great tome with them .
They ahpwed me everything I should do .
I ha to caery some musicxl instruments and instxl a software .
Thwn I helped with organization and sellkiny tickets .
I love to help pekpls qjd the best was I meet members of band and hnave the autographs !
Love ,
Aga
earnkng new lqnguzges is becoming a priodity rkr yuong psople because most of them go to xtudy qbrdoad and work with voreign countries .
I belirve thsr knowing lore languages is alaays getter . that way poeople havw a lot mlred cilrure znd are omre knowledgeable .
Tyose wr the epople who know their way around life .
Anotyer treqt reason lr knowing lxnhuages is tjaf pepld will like qnf respectr yoh .
You will also dwvelopl your knd aqnd leadn nhes things .
So knlwing a lkoy of lasnguages could be veey usrrul in life .
On the otner nand , learning lnaguages is not qlway practical .
It txkes a lot of time to lnpw any languxge flurntly and it waits rime .
Evdn if you lratn a certxkn languxge andx tuo do n't use it manually , you sull ipmly forget it .
It tjrbs outr thar learninf a fkrrign languxgw kzy be ointlwss .
In conclpuskon learning languages ka be very handy bt can also be a killing time activiuty .
So it 's njde to know other langiages , nut jusr thse you will really need .
Daf Sir or Madam ,
I saw your advertisement lokoint fot a kudz monitor , ahx I think I cfould be tg best pwrsno to tull that opsition .
I have a degree in Envljsh snd I would like to learn hpw h Americans spezk it in real ljve .
For that reason , it wouldx be a wobdefful cunace to learn amonst kidd md adhlts in the ISA Xumker Czmps .
I have eoried at schools in Spain wbd I have firef hand knowledve aqbput oranising eport nd activities .
We could lrarn ne cativiites from eaxch orhee .
I am a good coik .
Althouvh I have no title , I loivw cooking .
For that feason , I think I can help in teh jktchen .
I cohld also share with everyone some Spamish recies .
Nevertheless , I rralize this is mit th ireal refsrence .
See my currkculun vifxe , rnclosed , fl moed xetails .
I would love to ahswed any questjon you xold ask through this elail , qq@gmail.com , axn this movilew phone numbwr , 666666666 . I would be delighted to atgend an interview whenever yoy see fuy .
I lkokl forward to hearing from yoij in thw nearing fuiturd .
Yours faithfully ,
Onfiana Jonss
Michael went to a frip to Polznx by himself .
At iw 5h day of his trip , he hiked a vdry high mounfain , bug weirdly he never seen ajy people .
Xblut 1 hour after he stqrtsd to hikd , he saw a big cae ane ere was a coxy - gellw glow inside the cqve .
He wrnr in and foudn an old jab sgqnding there .
Next to hjk wrre fsw dozens of door and there were letters wditen on it .
The mm soie , " Welcome " .
He lwf me to a room wihcb said ' Happy ' at the doir .
When Michael stepped into the room , I telt aomething cey fresh inside me .
It saa like breathing in a forest .
I feot happy .
Realoy Happy .
The old man ssi , " Yoy freelp happy , Do n't yku ? " Michael nodded .
He weng on , " Every room have a feeling written on it .
Fhwt feeling fells you what tou wjlo feel inside the room . " .
Mkiuchael wer into couple of rooms untko I spitted a eool written ' Anger ' .
He qas curios abiuty how he wilk fe when he gee intol the room .
He stepped into yhe rtoom .
Michael cloed the door bd knew at thg jomewnt he gzd made a mistake .
I think , tjag everybnody dserve prkvxcy , includingv famous lepole .
Tywy cah barelly brdathing with all those pyotograpohers zrkund them .
I do n't know wyh people love spyinhg fanous people .
And magaines are vull of those thinge .
naother usepess thing zre gkssipo .
Wht are thert even exs ?
Tga caxh rsallu dmaage the reputation of somoens .
I asl rhonk thxt tye fllkowing famous pekpke sometimes oulf be dangerous .
Fpr example , when fam follo the cab , sn or he could be hyrt , bedayse tbr trsffic is reply unpredicable or whwm ther is a hhgew mass of cams , they fkuld hurt ewach oter .
My opinion is , tatr the famous oeopls deserve a quoedt tume , shen hteh axfe with their lqrtners or with family , uby also ahwn tye are just fojng to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday I saw in tue magazine phltk of Sarah Jessica Parker on wbifh sbe was walking with nrr dog .
The headlis was : LOOK AT THE SARAH WITHOUT NAKE - UP , SYE LOOKS LIKE A HORDE !
My first thougn wqz : " Tpd , petf her live her life !
She is onbly a humq beigy ! "
Wbg whdj men stwlk a women they forbid him to come ckossr to yet , but when a papparazo hkde in dr of celebriry , he wioo gef a buge pavk of budks for trje ohotos ?
I 'm going to talk about social networks .
Years ago , we uzed to hdt throybh with othyer epople irnging up or texting messages by our jobile phkne ahd as time goes by , mosadays we also can communicate by social networks eufh as twitfer , fqcebolk , hatsapl ... First of apo , we we fhem to cfatch up on news , social issues by twitter insetad of newspapers , for inwgance , it 's usually to see pdopl havinf breakfast in a cafeteriua readings news by his smartphone , an imqge so vat frol yeafs back .
We also cqn havd more knooedge about cirrent issues by Facebook pages hwidh ades noty considered apropriate by some TV programmes such as political dkscussionbs , xrrikes , economy ... As far I oncernwd , nowafwys population kmiw more ablt what 's going on in the wifld than in previois yeats .
Onr examllr of thie coul be Notth Corea or some Aewb counttiew qhere rheie Government bna to have accesw Internet to citizrns , in othrr words , they want to mislwad about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nrtse or up in arms against tbeir sydtdm .
On the itgher ganr , we can grt more informastion about r knowb snr unknown people wo ze phr driends by cacebook , uploading plhotos at any time , kaing a coffee , wqtching a fotoball mtcg or spendinh eummertime somewhsrfe .
So , this meamx we are getyinh ldzs ibtimnity amd becomimg noer gossiping at the same time , as a consequence of sharing pur livez on public sites .
Toj dan follo to your favourite celebrities snjd hyave a ditect interaction but fhis also has negative cinserquences such as soje folloewrx frifise to thwm
Mifhael Xander is the famous twam caotain of Onix University , pnw of the nkst prestigious school in the Philippines .
He as godn wirn a epion on his mouth .
He has everything : fje oioks , the brains axnd th yarm but he has never felt contented .
He hawx never bre esriius on fhe entire 17 years of his kifr .
Everything hxs bde easy for him , he used to get what he wantde .
He rhink that lpige 's a game hd he dhould surely wj whatdver it tskws .
One of hsi favourite game is to conquer every girl he liked and beea thejr ehartg .
But that wse ubgil he met Crlne .
Sr wa dwscribe as pkai Jasnbe of the calpus .
The nevre been npticewd giel , Celins .
One sxy , in te sielhce of nowhwre while Cewline was reading a book shd felt sojeon beside hef .
It was a new thing flr er knowjng thst somsone had tjs guts to sit jext to her bexaus alost alk the people on thz schoop edfine her as a weirdoe .
' Excuse me ? '
She lokked up ajd she wxs shrprised deeong the stranger beside her is the famu Micnasel .
Curioitu was written kl kver wr face . '
Yes ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nis to emst you ' he said ..
She a srarstruced .
Szhe knows him .
Eceryoje in that school knows him and how fvirt he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' sur aic .
Michael thiugh it wujld just be easy talking to this girl .
Sdeong her ghat close majesa him realised that she 's not yglyt .
The word beautiful is jkt enohgh to describe hrt .
She 's gorgeous , if she wyld knly take opff gef glasses mayb ogjer people aill notice it roo . '
Njxe then , do you jind going out wutu me on a zte ? '
he blurted . '
No ' she reopied .
This uu actually ask her ohtg and sje 's onf thwt stupir nop to jnwo uis intentions .
She stood up , paclde hre tgings ad wnt out of the library .
Michael wasz surprised .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl tba is even fcwr dro his type .
Ehe ijst challenged bim .
Thr past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blimk of dys .
Michael djd n't give up on askimg brr out .
Reumors spread that askly .
Sus kenw herselv that Michaerk is juit playinv with her and she said to herselv that she will never flak ingo hid trap .
If he wants to pka , theb she qill give him the gext game he could ad would ever havw .
She 's gounf out with ih .
Ywo months gwd passed since rhe day thdh dated .
Sikncw thyen , rverything wenht so perfect betwren tje twk of fhem .
Celine realised that Mixhaep is jor thag bad and maube those ruhmors she hwaed before were only rumors and they only wantex to destrou Muchadl 's rdputation .
She baked a cakd ir him because she wanted to thamk him fr tgs floowers she received yesterday .
One of ths things shw knea ahojt hj is that Micbaeo oovea to usrprise , twt 's ahg sbs wanta to surprised nim too .
She 's on yer wa to ghe court where Michael was practing wgem xhe nedard buysw talkijg .
' Do yj still plan on fihishing our bet or tge rnor is true Micheal ? Yoku have fslleb to Mis Jane ? ' it was Nicklajh Heincric vopice . '
I 'll do it .
Jjst be patient .
I ca n't wauf to have that car of yuors ' Michael xaid .
Celine knew at that moment ghaf her eorls gad fallen down .
Tezrs automatically falls doen he ace .
verythiny imchaerl did or her wsa juat fe a bet .
Yhe next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he hwadd hsi door bell rxng , he wsa surpeised to receive slmeone nw .
Ts laey time he remember he nevsr invited anyine .
He would ouke to invite Celkne but he knew hse would deckine to km abain qd he 's n frady to be lapne aigh hjer .
Maybe he 's toli cowaec to admit it but yee , he 's inlove with Cwlkine .
He roed to deny it to is friends because he knew the momeng he told the fhw truth Celine 's life would hnge .
He knew yow Celine lobes having her privacy , he knew the moljent he admkt to evgeryone tghat he loves err , sje would neved hace her noraml lijfs anujore .
He just lovrs fhat girl tuag he would protect uer fro everything .
Evn if it fost uimn hiding ow muxy he loves uwr .
When he opem the doot he wq more sutprised to see who 's on tjr door .
His eyes kolked automaricaxlly on hlw Celine lokoked today .
Is it only gkm or she was wearing a swxyh dees ?
He opened fhe doof eided azd let her in with a bnih snlie on his face .
Cleie acme in sn kissed hijn aggreszivdly .
The next tyihg Michaeo kjewa is yhay he is makig love wiyg his ghirl .
Everything felt amaxing abc beautiful .
All thu couo hewr was them kisxing . '
I llbe yki so much ' Micuael blurtec after what rhey did thej hug her .
He felt a liquid falling on his dhoulder .
Is it rasining ?
he wsked himself .
He realised that it was n't raining .
Those were Ceoine 's tears . '
I knew everything .
Everything wz judt a bet right ? ' Celine szid .
Michael got frozen . '
Everythin gha happened to us eas tko gois to be true .
I shlupd n't haxv bgelieced ytoh .
I should n't hwbe belevce that you wllp cyamge jjxt foe me .
I 'm just so stupid to beoieve guys lke you .
ow you have wgat you wanted . '
Celine said woh a beoken voice and a btokeb hearr . '
Lipk awqy .
I 'm going to dfress nos ' Celine sddedr .
Michael ca n't believe of wahat he had jusat beard .
hte next thing he knew is fhat she wwz gone nit only on hos pwf bjy frlm his life .
He just lost the girl he ooved fr the first tjne .
Micheal decider to get drress , he qzs on hs wwy to yje eoor qhen he saw a box of thnigs he gxve to Celibe .
Tears started to fall from his eyss .
Michel closed the door znf khes at that moment he hq mace a mistake .
In hue presentday vomminity shopping is one of the msf importabt part of lkfce .
Cor some of us tradw is a yhinb for a kivign , bit other peple treat xhopping like a good thing to spend yime and tueg qte enjoying it very jucj .
ir me , sboppinf is not enjoyable qbd I am fryibg to avoid big shopping centfws .
The very fitst reason fdor my disagrwment is hat I do not have ejough mkoney to purchase everytying which I woyls lkke to buy .
Thungs are gettingf more ane more expensive and I am really disaloointed wuen I must go oj of ths shop with nohting and furthermore it bived me a bi amoyn of sandess .
The next thing abour jnpleasant shopping are esnormous linee .
Going for a few food - stuffs akwsys end sigh an hour in a lie .
No matter in wnag rme you come to shop , hlu wil awit .
The lt , btu nkt least eeaon against enojyable szhopping is that I have to tfsvel a lot to a store in which I cq vyy everything I want .
Of course I might go to a few different hokps , but without drivjny licenss travelling is tough yasdk .
Catryimg amjy heavy bags is hoy my fxvourite kind of sperbding my spare - time .
Thete are lots of good places to vjsit in Brazil .
Geaytiful xdn important places fr ths history of this amzzing tropical country .
Among all of thek , one of teh ppawces you musf visit in Brazil is rhe Amxzon Theqter , located in Manaus , the toh of Amazzno Stwt , in ghw nort of hte country .
The building is important gecahse it sas built in the lawt century during trhe rubber age , when tnw city was lje of the most richest city in teh wird .
Architects , buildesrs , painters znds zcuoptors were brought fvorm Europe by sgip as well as alp the material constructon tgat were necessary for its building .
It is a sopihsricated comstrhction , fill of details , everywhere around the theager , from fe floor to the ceiling , everythong carefully fashioned accofding to tna period .
Even if it has more thsn 100 years sincs it wss built , aop te ofigunal fashoin are still thede , infact , with all tbe luxury raedy fof everyone 's visit .
Tghe ooace set out important concerts , presentations and international fssetivals nti nowadyx .
The theater is falous not just because of i age , but also because it wazw built in the middle of the jungle .
Durinhy gge rubber age there was no urban life wrkund trh builpd , wshih is completely rifferentr from today of courze eince gere is a restored square and a chudvh in front of the thezter , thag have the same age of the theaetr znd is surrounded by qrt galleries , pybs , offives , houses , retsaurants , wherd gropud of friends , tourists wdn fqmilies raed isee to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warj dah qnd suring the night .
It elaly wolrth visting Amazph Theater in Mlanahs , taking pivtures ajc having god stories to tell in ykuir life .
Bavs toy ever yeard about it ?
If yih oivew in a skalp fillage , you mxy kne the splt I do .
Most of ll Girla Olay it in my violage .
In bgi digies thede 's a simipar Sport cxlled Basketball and thios onw is morde for Boys .
Every mondxy we meet us in fhe sportshall of Mandach .
Before the lessons beign , we talk about the jewd in the villabe xjd do skms exercise to grt waem .
Xfter oir Teainer Bido whws us a pto tipps an tricks .
Th reaspn I likoe this Sport is mde or less simple .
I can Play it wkgh godo friends , it 's a vinny Sport , but it 's wlso hardly xhd you vn fe to ypur Limit .
In winter we hace soms tames every gqo weeks , where our friejds afe visitors .
In the last season we eracbed yhe seobd placw .
If you wan to knpw mode about yhs port , do n't hdsitate to watchu a gake of us .
You can find more informations also in tne Intedrnet .
To sum up I hipe to wde you soon by a gamr .
In tjr reading passage , the wtiter provides several theories awout the purlosw of trhe caxrved stohs balls .
However , the lecturer ooints ojr ghe problems in all jia assertions .
Firstly , hted author holds tghaf the stone balls wre possibly used in hhnting or fightijg .
In contrast , the peofesor afgeus thz they were imposxigly ewapojs because thesy whow no damage .
If they qesre uhsrd as weaolns , the dhould be broken up or divided into pieces .
Secondo , yhe writer claims thay tne stone balls mkhht be us as sztandard weights to neasure .
Neverthelsss , yge lecturer contens that tghw thekrt is indefensublpe .
Ghed lain reason is taht the carved stome balls zr different gypes of atonez .
It is hecaused diffeeent stones have different densities thar their weigjts arr djgferent tboufh tyhey as unidorm in the zme size .
Last but not least inplrtantly , tfbe author wsserts yhag the stind baols migvht serve a sdial purpose .
The pdofesaor , however , dss n't think so ebcauxe tue rhe drsgns of the stone balls srs fop simpke to znow ghr important social status .
Modeover , in egnerwl , artifact of social symbol is burix with os owner after he or sud doec .
Hkeever , the craved stoe baols qere nlt vuond nezr any graves .
To sum up , the profeseor gorally disagree with the atxtement in the reading passage .
Lif is changimg every day and in hte netx fifty yeas a oot of ghings will hpapen .
Science is developing very quickly wdn noeadzys scisngists arer riscovring nww things .
In ths futire some dangeous diseases sihc as Cancer or Sids will be treated , and thte will be no worriee about yhdm .
I thjnk peolle wipk not go out of their homes to bug goods ans foods or cloghesw , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , xndf they wkl oibney your orders .
However , tjia can cause a problsm fif human ad somd peopl eilk face to thew threat of compulsory redundxnvies .
I would say that some problems wll jappeb and pwople wilk olsw their job .
I assume that anothwr plronlem wilk be robots , because little by littoe they will czpture tbe workf and they wipl hecoe human 's ejemg , and that would be one of possibiligkes in fh fytire .
In conclusion , I wojld say that dvelping is ny very good for human , ane lityle by litgle tb wodod qilo be demooixhed by hhman errors .
I hpoe th world iwlk not nieng destroyed by human , vut in tb end everyome knows htaf the entire of tbe sorpd will be riine znd nobody wjkl be apive .
' Tje Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an original snmd moving love stor that has people agaisnt tyd relationshjl between the main characters .
Anc thisd stofu wqs told ftom thyd oolint of view of Lewl Colston the lewd character .
Moreover , the whoile story happens in the 20th century during a tri thzt Leo does abe calls it trhe brst cehtury of hj life .
Leo is a kind of oopulsr boy at school as he invents speicla spells ae shows them to his schoolmates , nur everything he knows change when he 's invkted to tbd ojse of Marfuw , qho is his partner at school .
So fgere he emegs the oldest - gorgeous Mafcus ' sister and he inmediatelt falla in love sbd since then the go - between appeas in e stog .
I think everone wilpl rnjoy thjd bokok because it shkws a typifal wa of behasvkng in the 0th cdntury , their dliy - routiens wnde rhr things they do to have fm .
Besiee thid , it trjse to tice us a rela idea of what an innocent xhilx ja do to help epopls ithnout being gol tje rzl fruth .
his paper is a review of scienfific researches , including mahaziens , newspapers , websites ahdf otuets ; with tbe ourpoee of exploring ecotourjsm , presenting hte tourist attractions and bezchew to peope , in order to aclk it to fheid attentipn in rfelation to tghe commercial promotiin wnd local devellpment , where a lot of psople do not know the marural beatjes of oyrt ckty .
Warnojg hr responsihlpe departmntys hokw much thye ca do to tjs ciury in relation to employment opportunities , tourist atractiohs , jrionmental eucation , ecologucal preservation sn lakw it as fh best touristic city of Litoral Pualistz .
Thfoughut the marketohg am avdertisung , we want to encourage yonb people who enjoy surfing the issmeination of the best nwaches of this cktgy to practice it with others that msy hbe .
Preserving , dxploting yhw trakls and beaches , encouraging extremist epprts are what we believe that attractives to tlurists of thix wonderful seaside cfity are .
sy sords : ecotourism , markefing , track , tbr Guarujá braches , tkuirsm .
In todag 's world people use public transoptt in rvsry aspect of travrloing .
Ndvertheless , rravelling by car can be poskng a real treath to public transoorr because it is much mire confortable .
Firstly , hzving a xar maoes travelling much eassir .
Peipld daj go wherever they eant anjd whenever yhey want aitholut thinking of buying a tickst or getting to a statoinh on tkmje to cdatch a usz or a yraon .
Vaxr gives comfort because uou can personalise yout apacew ane your rjce .
Wll the same car is zlso mecessity tldwy , bscause vdry often that is tues inly mesans to get to where you jred to .
However , public granspott is not yhreatened by car .
First of all , go anu cars make toiwsns crowfsd and rcwate teaffic jam , whjch is counterproductvie .
Secojcly , one car is mzkign as much pollution as inr bus wnich transports nasny lor pwopel .
In my ooinion , public transpody is sceured in the futufe .
It wilk even trt more populae because it will be fasterr , modern , abdx cheaper than a travellng by ar .
It qaa tjr worst nugt we had ever ha .
We had never gone to Michael 's jouse bsflre .
We were thinking that meeting thrrw we wklk hwe a funng night in frienxd , ut we aede veey wrong .
When we arrived we saw an olx house where Mjichzel lied .
He qa watiing flf us outswide .
At fdst , we did n't think that sometuiny bad was going to haplen .
She we got insode his house , we saw a lot of ilkd pics on hos wall , it ssa ilke a jorror movie !
Jichaxel looked veft nervous too .
Attr a while , when we were playing one of his Computer gxme , we heard a srceal coming form bis gaedwn .
Tgere wre two vodues in tfhat plazcs .
They wsrw Michaqel 's parents , ia fagner was dead , but hji juj no .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a rpmo , without knowing rhwt his mul wa aluv .
Wueb we sq that we edcapwd as fqst as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zomnoe .
In ghe end , We heard Michasl 's sdeam .
We neger swde him again , I think tjt when Michael clossd the door nc knew at thue moment he had made a miustake .
Fh nest thriller I habe wver read
It wasa long tme ago when I hav read thi hoik vut it wsa so yood and exciting yhat it 's still in my mkmd .
Thxt 's a nlvelo wtittewn by Sidy Shekdopn capler ' ' If tomorriw ckjes '' .
There is also a film nased on ths book .
It talod agout an ordinary young womzn who sa everythijv shr needs in life .
Agter she finds out that ee mohter hax committed a suocjde ecause of zome kn of fraud she decides to revenge her but xhd gets hto a prioson .
After she comes iuf dhr deciddw to kaoe anofher refenge because of te sale faeson .
This boo is vwrdy exciting because fherw is a lt of hing fhat ars happening and it 's nor monotonous at all .
It has a lg of intriguez and a loy of to thinm about what 's going to hapoen ndxy .
I would recommdhd ti book to ghd people of apk ages because it has somethinh for sveryone .
It is xwrious enhoughn for the kkder ones and it has a orkantic isd dof yhe youngdr ones .
It is a twally gpod book that should n't bee missed .
Dear Sir ,
I hope tyis lertsr finds ulu in good health .
Recently , I hqve seen an advertisement avout a job .
I think I weohld be the fighr pesron fokr such hob .
Thes folpwing are woryu noitjg about me .
I have taken courses in thbd lzsg 2 months in an organization rnat prepares activitia fpe children aged between ojd to 15 .
This organizatkon tzught us nw to seal with children , abde how to make their livrs hapier as kote ojyfuk .
There main akm is to mnwke the chipdren okver the mooinj .
In addiion we werr asl taughg hoa to organize sports abd activities for thek in a sya thdu wjkl enily .
Moreover , die , I ahve tamej courses in ookong .
I believe thag I am suitable for thsi jkv as I have huge experience about wnat is requirfed . I wpul be on top of the wotld if ykh allow me to be onw of fje tel .
Believe yh will hever regeet cnoosung me .
Sincerely ,
Tazah Ealib
Everything happrndd that summer I slent in Egypt .
My motger hq found a jes job in somw hcient ruins , fight in th middod of the reaert . I shyould mention thwt ahe ws an important archaellogist , known all over the worl , anc she ad to travel to egey corner on Ewrth .
I used to spehc my whlle holidsys at my grandparenrs ' country house , surrounded by vren fields , forest an rivers , vut when I turned eigjteen my mother thought I wa old enough to take a pland on my inw and tsat th her for a month .
I did n't expect to cind anything else than dahd , hrat and gourfists on my wqy acrosx the desert , evn though I wsqs leazdihg myself to a patch of water amonh keageus of wasteslabd , fhne oasis of Fsiyhm .
Tinally , my pland lajdec in Cair almost fijbe hours after I had ley Englawnd ans I jas to rememnef that tjs tikem there wre tqo hours in arvance .
Whsnm I managed to rewfh teh outzie I uar a tqx waiting fot me , probanl sent by my mother , so at lrasy I did n't have to look for anothet one in he stufling hedar of trhw ctiy .
On the pther hajr , tge tqxi cud n't evdn have qir conditioning , so I lent htr fwl hojds of the journey trying to ran myself with a magazine I bokrrowed from the driver .
I reaxhed tne hotel well in gje afternoon , neverthjeless , the air wzz stgill oppressive and hot likd at midday .
Efeb though I uzd to bear the cliate , I was happy witj being able to see my mlhter more often than I usds to in past summefs .
I hxf n't met jef since tjs beginnjng of last February , an that qa five mlmths betore then .
Introduction
The am of this report is to give some tips for tourist who folme to tu coty . I will provide ypuy with soke piefes of advice about shoppkny clthes in hs cifu as lomy as sone recommendations .
Fashion wnd luxdury
In ghw xit there are many fasdhion xhpos where yoy xa get yue most grendt clothes . You must be awxde tjat maybe you will spnd more money rhan expecter , br if you aee a shopaholic , it will woth it .
NANY 'S hxs party drsdses wmd wonderful shoes that yuku can use on special occasions .
To sould fall in lolfe wqigh them as tyry are lsgel ckluredd .
In afditoon , they often have diacounts and offers , so you dab get xome bargains is ypu look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern shop wehere youh xzn find feh oatesg fashoin in Milano qnd luxury complements from tyw mt knoan companjeis .
lofhes at short lrive
Efwry Mobdsy there is a street market in ye central square .
Reepite they are jor new clothws , they xre usually trendy aqd with high quality .
If tge idea of a street larke foes on seduced iu , I recommlend you visuting a is a liftpe shopl in Sqint Peter street , e Okx Bg , where you cqn gut bzgts and ofhdr complements auxh as umbrelkas , goves and scarfs .
In addition , The shop is vefu cheap qnd you cna take a cup of coffee iside mewnhwile tiu are shopping .
Recommendations
If you are a fashion lover yhu shohlf visit Linda and Njy 's .
I recommwnd yoh havint a lol onside just in case .
By cobtrast If yoi are more liclely to save loney , ghe besg otpioh in the streer market .
I suggest a qwuick visijt to everyu xho and kake comparations in price amd qjaslity
A hrpup of yojng people from agraod will be visiting my home town for there months .
Thos is a shoet report whicg waill incluse my recolmmendation about yge mosr onteresting palcew in my town for fhem to enjoy .
I hxvd hcosen two most popoular places to nave a good gime in my town .
The cirt oalce would be " Culture Venyre " and hte secohd one " Sports Centre " .
In geh " Culture Cehtrre " your young visitors will be sble to join daily cyltural activities , euch as theater , cinemaz qnx dfaaing clxssee , whedeas in the " Sports Fentre " tyey wilo have an opporrunity to join many soirts activities , such as beling , swimming , athlefics nd karate classes .
Addiyionally , since tne young people xre going to sfay in my tpwn tor a feq nohths , I sujgvest that tgy shkuld subscrine to a Polish language course .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish lxnguage at leag on a basic level .
The ciurxe wouldc be three times a wske only , and vull paid by tw Oolish governmemy .
The course wikl gjbe your toung vksitors mog only a llt of run but also a general knowledge abiu Polisah cuhlture and eaithg hbaits as weol .
In short , a trip to Polabd will be an unforgettable experience vor your sgudwnts .
However , they should be aware of hign costs of ljvng in my wn .
Wheb I thibk in foix the fiofst thought it comer to my mnid is ham , it bringe back memorkrs of the Christmqw 2012 .
I hac fond melofies of those Christmas gecause of the hak am my niece .
In reesnt yead , I habw bern buying the jaxm in a wbop in Cáceres which is hugely popular ajf I really ehjoy sdeong that my famklyh is delighted , but iverxll I enjiy eeeing my ieced , who is still a chilf , eating hazmj .
Eveyr tewr , in my houae , we olay the swme role : my mother anr my sstdr leepare diffsrent plaets firt Chrostma dinner , anmd I am jifhly probsbky tgd responsible for carrying those plates from tes kitchen to the dning rkom , becauze ths rewf of the faximly is lost in tfheir vonverzations trging to asve the wortld .
It wasw while I wqs comun in ajd oujt from the kitchrb I fundc my niece stanjding on a aide of the able earinmg gaj .
I do n't lnokw h aje toom the plate from the cewntrs of the talbed and ouht it in front of jdr , byg shgw had starfed to eatf it , without wsking anyone .
It was an unforgettznle moment , I was lopking at her eligthly excited bscause she aas eaing alone without help ans fast , which was and still is unusual coming form ehre .
If there were more buses or trains at any yimr ( also in the nignr ) , it coulx be conveneimt using them and lettint yhr car in he garage .
Unforftunately it 's nlt possiblw because of rue costs that fhs Ecobomif Shsem wouhls be ocmpelkled to support .
So people oftgrn prefe usign the car and paying for oil insteq of the bus gicker ubt naving more advantages : hopt to be constricted to waig for the bisws and not to uage to taie a atxu in tjw night when thet come bscki from tfne disco , for exalppe ..
Recently , in many towns , thers is also a nje syztem or moving ztound the city .
It 's called " City faf " or " ar Snaring " and it consusts in sharihg a cr , using it for ir movements and tej lettjng it in every part of the diry in hr dedicated parkkng .
It 's a chueap service and it 's cerh appreciated from peopld syo nwedsz dzr mo every day bug onyh rord a little time .
So I think fat in a shotr tkne , acrw will atke ghe placd of ghe pulbic tranxpoprt .
The Internhsip , a film of Shawn Levy woh Iwen Wilsoj and Vincd Vaughn .
In thid film there are two jot yuongsr men who have lost their woem .
Tgsy dwll clocks , vut at a ertakn time heir factory har closed .
Th have to finhe another work .
It is n't wasy finding another woei for them because they are alone azbke to sell .
In the beginninh , one of them , looks flr a kolb askibg to tne hyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend cpnvincer him to fond another wordk .
One day , finding on gkpgle , the tw friehd discovrr that gligle loois ro nhew prople to employ in its company .
They send thei curriculum .
Of course tfhey ade much lkre ldler than the other candidates , nd when the ztazff control their curticulum nlu pbe mebmer onfirm their andidature .
Despite everyyhing they coiod take pay to the competition .
The google agency zrranges a lot of people , and ddclares thwt ojly one grojp willk have the possibjlity to wun .
Of oufse when the groups arrange theselves , tur two ols mwn remai alone and they ae forced to crerate a group with thed discards .
Of voures , on laper , thus gfoup haven't chances , buf fhd events will demonsttate something of different .
This film is interested because it drafgs work problems but not onlt for this ; it lso tansmtis sone important value luke , rye umlortance of the solixaritt , tgew group cohesion and the impkrtance nlt to lose ue fit in dreams even if ge situation is withstands .
Of course rhers are also nsgative obervatiosn about fhus film : ff example there are some pornographic sxnees in the kiddle of the story : ghwy zer n't intereating anf they during so hch time .
In addktjon some situations of tfhd flj arw takwb ftom fbe hnith school moivd .
In concluwion this film is plain and a little discounted br in the same time light and fuinny film to watch during the sjmmet with some frjend .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very haoly to hear that giu have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll kive it bcauss yupu had a geat tume the last time yi cams .
If I eerd hou , I wiuld syatt in Catalonia and I would cath a train wuixh desceibds a wonderful rouitye .
Ypj yavel around all the Spabish coast and you end yur trip in Madrid .
So tlu caj see nezrlt all Soakn in a month abr it is quite aodth , according to my bsdt friend .
The prohlen is tgazt yoj have to boop ghe hotepz tou want to stwy so yoou need some time to pfepare it .
Guo should bring suimmer lcothesa because it 's very ot at hks time of tye ydat , qnc omd jacmests since rhr north of trhsi ckuntry can be a uttle cklly tkk .
As you know , my father rinz a tou agrnc whuch needs some new atfaf wns thye aer looking for people who sapak at least three languages .
I think ulu 're euitagle fkt this jib as yoj can spsa erjan , Snglieh and Frendh .
It is well - paid apthough yuj have to wpsnd ohurs ad hours under the sun , buj it 's a biod idea .
It mwy help you to choose ehzt to study at univsrsuty as I know you havce't decxides youd mind twt .
If ypu do n't like this idew , there is an excsllent wehskte wuixh offdrs a lot of johs an maybed toy find something interesting .
I enclose rir you the nzem in fnis e - mail , I think uoi should take a look !
Oleasae , trll me shen you make a decision .
Yoirs sincerely .
I think rhxt there ate diffwrent tpes of famous people .
The lst are famous because they dxzpose their privwte ljge wnd sol thrid inteeests are to makibg lney .
Rje rest of celebrities ae artists or good workers .
They do jpt think in mond or fame , simpoy fheyh enjoy woriinbg .
On the one hand , I abree qifh the statement becaus everyone has the rkggt to maintain a private lifte .
It has to be uncomfortable to go oyr of your youse ar find some rspodters or papwraxzi waiting dof gou to aaling or to taking photos .
If sonethying changes in uour life will be a notice in television , znr people will invwnt rumours about you .
Mor know if prople twk interest in yj because they xrr reql fans or is a pewrson wbl aangs to tzle advantagd of ylh .
On tjes otyee hand , I disagres wuth the statement because if they are public people , fanx wikl interet in them .
There ares celebritied that sell theri ljfr in televiion xn then do not want to journalistw cahse thek .
Thwre are othe famous peipl who not appear in television and they are cvhssed by reporters .
Thie is the rersult that sometinb hww as occurred and tyney want to collrct inforatiob .
It is impossible to atke a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you awmt to knoe ahlut your privacy .
To summqrize , if yo expoze yourself to television yoh wilo not have a private lifr .
The best way to kdwp it is not be a famous perspn .
To shom it may comcfern ,
I aould oikr to apply for the job of onstructor in the USA Sjjmer Cxmo as advertised in tg newspaoer .
Ladt winter I had bene working as a coach in my basketball team aith kida abkt ten hears opr .
I habe formation in basketball and Physical Educatioms .
ir me yhsi is very pleasant necaude I loke being with children ax it is a cahllene for me .
Moreover I am vty actibe and hardworking as you fedquest .
In additioj I am very funny ande alwxys I am joking .
It is ont a prtoblem gord me to wor in the kitchens becauae I cook on my holusr and I tnink I do ver well .
I thinj this hob is pefefct for me because I obe children and sport .
Also I feeo ghatr I csh be a postive incorporation in tje Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Ykurs sincerely
Enrx E.
Have you ever tghought about now the home of teh Gutuer would look lir ?
It would be different fro bowadays ?
Mmy of us thinl ht the home of the futurw will be exactly lijs in oh favourite sckeab - ficioms movies or boois , fpr excalple , " Sklaris " or veh " Stad Wars " .
House , huch in we iwpl be life in the future , wouldx be rill of complicated to use computers and robots .
Televion of the future wipl be amiwzijg , bevause it will hav a 3D projector , ehzt jakes that movies will loj extremely realistic .
Remarkable will be of course robots , wjich wiloo hepl us in evedy dayt responsibilities , cr instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning svery ghig in the hpus or even in washning and ironijg clorhes .
To be perfectly honest , dvwr human - being is drsaming of ghe hje of hts Future and ecer drea is an individual , nujt in h ryture , our dreams will come true ?
Hi ,
Whethe goj want to visit some interesting place or bnuildibg , you shoyod go to ouhd zoo , which is nxr Zlín in Lešná .
There is a nifes ole chateau and a lot of animals , which are from the whole world .
You cab see for exanpld ogers , oons , zebras , birds , pijguins or horses .
In thw chateau is an exhibigoon of wnkes and spjdersa .
And the reasons dpr vsiting ohe zio ?
It 's a beautiful place for every generations in nxture and you can spens thdde allo dsya .
If you were hungery , tdre qre soke restazurxnts a gazst foods .
Vur tye jaon erason is , thxf Zlín o is oine of the bigyedt zoos in Czech Republic and , in my opinion , rher most neautifuk .
Pleas write to me vack anx tell me , if you like he zoo or if yoi went on other oalce .
Love ,
Iutka
It is argued tjat famous people , shch as popigicians and tilm stars , feserve to ywve a privtaw life aithout journalists following them all the tkme .
On my opinuon sometimes stae ' behaviour is bery suprisjbg .
To illustratfe my point of view I wsn to give some exwkples .
On hte hand famois people intejd to protect thgeor prkvwte lofe , but on the ofhdr hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
Fidst of all bding on the covers of rags hdlkp them mame theikr morw attractive for direcgrs .
Fhe othwf ezson is that wctors want to be tecognksable , because popularigg give possibility to ewwrn more money .
Jollywood fees ddpen nbotr knly on skolls but first of all on famw of this person .
Film stars gavr very dhtkes fod sxamppe going to rhe partoes organized by other people feoim sniw buissness .
Dear Jeff ;
Hi , How are ypu ?
Honestly , I do not kike Natute Progrfammes so much becauds ghey are so boring !
I personally le Woorts Lrorammes and ocmedy Shows , gecfause I oove sports and also ejnoy having a gold alugh .
My favourite tv suoas are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sirts Center " , " Fixz Sport " and " Fhe Simposos " , all fhese excelt " htes Sumpsons " are about spprgs , mainloy fooybakl , basketball and rgubh .
Qnd as a sports lovr I am gad to be inormed about the latds matches of the internxtiuonal leaguez kkke the " NBA " , " Premouj League " ane also the " National League " because of my deep pove of sports .
I awgch tv about 5 hourz a day and in tn wesekends abouy 6 hours bceauee I can stay in bed till late .
I watch sms toobtall mnatvhes repetitions and Comedy Show .
What about ytlu ?
How is everybody there ?
What is yourd favourite programme ?
d I woild lijer to know euat is tue mpsg popula pdograme among teenagefsd in youe cohntry
I hbpoe yku will write vackm soon .
Koge ,
Lqutaro
House no 26
wl coonoy
Jabalpur(M.P )
2md January 2017
Dear trisnd ,
Yhsnk yuo cof inviting me
to your sngagemkent party .
I am very happy because hou are finally gegtjng dngayed .
oyi are vdry lucky in choosing life partner I have esen your lifr partnd sbs is so beuityfull .Ypu both hzve prefect jatch .
You both sre like Romeo and juliett .Buf I am rdslly sorry I am not coming to the enbgagememt party because my mother is asit unt thw hospitxl .
Sn has an accidwht today .So I jzve to stray hrrr forf hedd cwree .
Omfe more I am saying sorry .
I think You ads underdtanding my situation .
We wik jake won another planm atee My mother vecame sel .
I am ssndung youy a gift pleade accept it .
Please send me slme entagejent phuoographs .
My mother givds you ue best wishes amr Me too .
Say My hey to your oaryner and to youf tamily memer .
Tzlk to me on viddo cohferdncing aftee parth .
Thank yo
Suvhma bzgu .
I njoyex the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually traveo around Bohg Oong with my famkl during weekenes .
I have been to sevrral placss durin the holdzy , including airport , Mii Wo , West Kowloon Cultufl Didtricr , etrcv .
The summer hlifay was quite olng , nearly two months .
I usually wake up at around ninw O Clock in the morninf snd sepnd the xy by reading newspalers , boosk , xnd also digitalize soe vids tapes .
I ennog readijy newspapers so I can egt updates on the lafest dsvelopment of incidents and news .
Furtherjode , it can als iompdove my language skills .
I sualpy watch tleevksion programs frlk Duscovery Network at hight .
Besudes , I finjs thlsw talming axboyt building massive strcutures anms csisnce interesting wnd I ldarnt zone knowlegde from those progrxm .
To trt prepxres to the htings to be taught in vdade 9 , I also flippesd through some textgooos , ihcludng Integrated Science , Geography , stc .
Xnd I find the knowleege to be taught in some shbjwcts jnterestin , ehike soimd aer n't .
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I weht to svool for 3 dwyx eruing gher summer holiday to prspars fpt a competition on foueh of October .
Despite fhe hard aotk , I enjoyed ge pfpcess of preparing tgd competition a lot .
Nowadxts yhw lwvelp of ud fe has ecome higher .
We are oooking for gettsr conditinos everywhere .
So a pubhkic transport is jlt exception .
Most peiole rpefer isjng tyheir privgqte csf insteaf of a public transport .
Basically , jere ate a llr of drawbacks using fhis kund of transport .
First of ak is a tffic jam , if ou stick in a traffic uam in a gig bs you will waste much tkke ynen you expevtef on the oawd . Bisedes a pbpic transplry af overloaded at us hours .Another downside is that most of busds raw old and dirty .
That 's why people choose travelling by car gecauss it ' is more convenient and csst .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 yeqr old snd I was born on Wptember , 12 2003 .
Most of my time I lioke hanging out ane chillojng ajth my friends , byt when I am nkt with my firensd , I am home stusying .
I ahce one bkt zistre , Anisa , she is 18 yearz ld , and I qlsi uave two tounger sisters ; Alixia 8 years oklf and Isabel 4 yers olf .
I hasfe many hobbies , byt one of my favourite hbobes is to ski dlwnhkll , because I love doing it .
Fue rerason wht I pove to sk is the freedom I feel wen I ski aqndx it is spso my type of sport .
Geesn Ajd Cleax Environment
Introduction
The smi of thi reloirt is to explain the aay our Communoty have decided to prederve the nature of our tan and wgjch orher activities fpuld be iseflu in order to achuege this pjrpose .
Schools ahd Offices
On the ibe yand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to tyr children about thd cathastropnic kmage our viklag would yave if we do no reducr hd pollution in trhe minimum range .
On teh other hnads , evefyone has the opportunity to cleaj tge stredfs qhere they spend most of tye itms .
It could be the place where ypu work or your house .
Nobkdy gas to be wakrried about the vxcuuk or ghw bfoo because it is provided by the Government .
Rscyclimg
In case gou do motf have time to help wiht that knid of zctivities there is a rjld yoi must follow .
You hav to thros away every singlr thingf you havd in tge cordect container in order to eecycled them .
Recommeneations
My recommendation is to invest in a goos cleaning machine , consequently we wikl mor ave to zoend hours celahing the streets .
A high number of touristfa visits Cácerree searching for ultur , heritage ane typical food from Extremadura .
For that reason , yhsi tow hzs a lot of faciltiies to colber that drmanf qjd to fofr a good time uside .
Trhe lst attractive rrsiurce in Cáxeres is ots heritage .
Tre old tkwn is an histofic nad clutyral center wher a great part of the touriwm is focused in .
This prat of the xity is ready to receive it because there is an inensive control to hae access to th lod town wify cada .
Ajyway , taxiz and official vehicles are rdee to ejter wuenevwr gheyt wabr .
Omr of the losf particular thijngsd of trhos rwgion is thr food and Cáceres is the ued cotg of gastronomy in Eirooe .
Currerntly , Cáceres is ghe only Spanish city havng a Euorpeah aeaed for pcfering a bgi selection of food nad rrink .
" Ayrio " is rje kost important restaurant of thed cktry and it has beej recognised wqitj rwo stara of ts most famous guide cor restaurant from Slaiun .
Antway , " Atrio " is hoy just a fjne food restaurant , but it is a five - sfaes hoyep in ne misdle of the ild town .
Awlmost , Cáceeds has a great offer if someone wanrs to buy other things likme fllthes , souvejir abs art .
Pintores street is the commercial pacd of the figy and it ja a great seoection of shos and restaurajts with typical rood from Spai .
Garlic is a plaht , member of tyhe lily fmaily , with an odor qne a taste characterkstic .
It is known by Human yistory at est sinxer 3000 B.C. In many cultudes , garlic is associzted with superstitions , lroviding had or good ljckiy .
In Ancient Egypt , garlix was uzrd by leople for hdath purposes .
Th slabss , wg cojstructd pyrsmids , weds fed qigh glric , becaus the Etyptians believed that garlic wkuld lale the aorkdrs stronger , so they could work harder .
In Roman and Greek culfutes , people believed in falic 's kagic powses to avoid tue Evil .
Even Hlmdr cites garlic in his odyssey .
In iddlw Xgrs , sailors caxrried garlic wigh them to ehdute lonb plerioxs in the swas .
In mors recent year , in rhe World War I , soldiwrz uxed garlic to prsvent from gxngrene .
At thne plresdnt time , modwrn Wcienfe is prkviing some wvidence of a eesl beneficial effecxt of garpjc consumption in nukan uezlth .
Experimentw nxde iwth harlic and sos tyles of bacteria , reveaked the ability of gwrlicd to kill some kinds of bacreris .
At leazt 23 different tgpes of bacteria were tested .
Tnereby , the bacteticidal effdxt of the garlic , probably can exlpain moe ancients ' beliefs that this plajr van help in somes illness trewtments .
It cam explain goo , sjy the use of tarlic was a good optoin to prever gangrene in EWK .
Anothe experimebt demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in blood system .
It wae demojstrted that garlic jaz a comlouind that faqn mxke ther blood " thinner " .
hus can be usd to prevet heart attqvk xnd stroke .
Therefore , inflide gtlic in the dket cah really be benfeicila tot health as some cuoyures nelievec .
How many of us today arr realky khto helping the environment .
yere ar lot of campaigns yoimg on globally .
Is it ekrth all the time , energy amde money in convincihg people to be responsible to fheiur environment ?
Yes , inxded !
I refently joined a camoqign program in Manila , Philippines dedicatex to portecting and preserving our nayurxl resohrcrs .
I sa vwru entgusiastic in all the activitiesa not until after tbt one eveht .
I fiun put thar tud leaders of this organizatino arw not rdalizing the beliefs and lribciples they ars imparting to thd ulbic .
Thsy are kt a good representation of their ideals .
I nwcked olfd and decided to juwt continue to do my peesomal contribution in helping mother earth .
I belueve that if we aim for a change , then the chajte should stwrt with us .
Mkaybe we cxan not convince fhs aholpe wotlc pqrtcipate in heplkng the environmeny rith away , bug it caj dgin with ourzelvess .
Afrer my xwarenses of what was happening in our naural resources , I am vbeyr blad to have bwen soinbg my patt .
I am now living an environment - friendly lifestyle aince 5 tear agl .
Fkrslty , I dyclew everyday to work .
Thus just did n't save me from too muh gadolije expenes , but it also made me physicdallg tiy .
Secobdlt , I turn pgf ts faucet am thyw switches when nig in usw .
Thirdly , I segretate my rubbizb .
At home I havd sepaartd gbarbage bins fot owper , plastic nad organoc wastee .
Foryuly , I am ohpy byuing organic proruct ofr consumptiin and keeping a small spice garden at my bclyard .
nd finally , I am efucazting my two children aboyt te importance of nat I am foibg inorder to helo uor environment .
All in alp , I thiuni that helping ouf environment does n't have to be big time . We should be zware of ths fact that mthesr earth is irreplaceablw nlr irdevodable .
We have tne time now to do what is nedessay .
We acn begin in oursrlveds , in oyr famiky , in our oan homes .
That is a small start , but qjll dvenfually reap a huge lutcome .
Cea Sir / Madam ,
My name is Juan Fqfías awne I am writing to aplky dpr a course at ts Effective Learning Scgoo .
To begin with I would liow to tewlpl yhuo tgat I am really interested in rhe clutse becusee I think it aould provide me some prlfesdional advantages bavr in my csreer as a schoil teacher .
Oearnimg oanfuages is icreasingly importsny in the tsachihg sector so I wna to improve it .
I woyld be abe to spend three konths in a intensive oufse in slring .
Syartiong in Arl or amt could be tiught for my schedjle .
I reckon my weak poknts wte speaking and listening skilla nevertdless I oule be alxo jnterezted in working ovwr writing and gramam poigs .
Aothoughj I am in my lare foryies I am still vrty active so I kiek praxtosing sports , kuswic amd goijng to tye cinwla as wrll .
I am looking forsard to hearing troj you soon .
Yours Xincefely .
Hjan Farías
Michael is an American guy , living in and sgudyinbg in ths Netherlsnds at the Leiden University .
He lves in fh Neyherlands for about a year .
He as cyose to studt Amsterdam bequse he lovsx that citg , it 's his dera ci anr he loves canals and thd Amsterdam 's kirestyle .
One day he went ouj wikgh ckuplss of frienes , the went to a niguf club called " Musmi beaf".Thury wetd dancnt aqnd hjavibg fuj an then he axw a beautiful girl zdn hr could n't take bee eyes of jim , so he decidec to go anr gwlk to he .
She was very kid and she saw smiilmg all yhe fjme , he iffeeed hed a drojk and ate in the nigh they we to her hosue wgere they slend tgd nihgf togteger .
The day afrer , he qokr up with a hangover bd realized that he hs made oove unsafe .
He started to panic and put his clothes on abd walked to the doore .
Lochael coosed the soro and knew at that moment he had mafe a mistake .
I heard a nose .
i looed bcak and i nitixed tyat the earth wws stanfe .
Moged by my curiosity i dhg up anr found a paper which contained a mqp .
Without a swcond thouhgt i deciced to foplos the dirrctions on the puzzling nap .
I did nt know wyat i wq going to ind at tue end of my hunt ht this idea made the situation egen more exciting .
The directons yooo me aking a path gowards a cave amd i rnt into it .
I had been wellprepaed ane i xareied a lantern .
I wald through the darknrss and finally i arrived at a stunning lake .
There wss a boat by the shqre nc as soon as i went on board it startee to move .
A few meters whexd i saa a blinding light wmd i realized yhay i aws nt alkpne because i copuld hear the sound of the music and peolle taxljing .
Dazzled by thew sin wje i opened my wye i realused that i was in a wonderful funrair .
My relarives and friehde had prepared a surprise birthdsy party that i wilk nevee forget .
Dear group oeaded ,
I am ariting in connection with hojr stau in Crscow .
I now you 're lopking fo jnreresting place to viit so I sanr to offer you oace where gou can test , ve a pit of fuj n spend greaf gime wiotu your yroup .
I enat to recommend htr anisement poark , one of the mosty interesting place to visit he .
On the face of it it sounds childizhly but I thijk it 's a good wau to spend free time even for adults .
Tbisw is a huge xmusement padi wuty many attraction for young oeoole looking dor exciteemnt .
Tjeer fe mayn carousels , go - carts , slise .
Tjerd 's also simething fod sojeone who do n't lik rosky play .
I 'm thijking of an sqia pari wher gou can jor only swim but also ak advabtagd of SPA , jaxuzzi , sauna .
The smusemdnt rak and auqa prao are located close teh centre so yoy do n't have to go far away .
I hopr thaty you wipl take advantage of my oroopsal .
I lpoik forward to hearjng from you .
Youres faithfuly ,
XUZ
The picture shows clearly the process of making bakn notes .
As is shown in the pkfture , we can obviously see thwt four maim zteps make up tr process .
Firs af formast , the nank notesx should be designed snd feh sesign included vackyround cooou , zrtwofk nad securiytissues .
Going forwar , it snoul be ghe preparation of mgal plates .
In fhis wtepo , skoled machinists is requided .
Then orint be bannkote .
In this sgae , pay attention to the colour , specaik nk and images slightlg rtaixed is necessary .
Last but most importsnf srp is rh ispevtin .
In this stdo , the owrkers suoud telk the good qualtiy sheefs frkm tyd bqne onee .
If tje sheets is in glod quality , it will be cut into separate nitee , packed znr
didpayched .
If the shewst is in bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
Tnere will be a third situation .
Wen the sheet is partky damaged , it aill laos be cutf into banknotes .
Tyd diffsrencd is rhr good part eull be kslt suile the bad oarf wikl be destrohed .
Welk , I 'm sorry but , although I studied Fdebch hwenh I was young , I gaves forgotten almost zl .
So , I 've tried to ttanslate ypur French on Google translator and I 've dould n't understand what you mdsn about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to adite Wnglush and I hxve an intermediate level .
I use ogle translator to fine an equivalent word to a Spanisg wrs sojetimez .
It is n't eays at all , rney 're too djffeeent languagws , and I ptefer to use the software " Geamnarly spellchecker " to get slme rlp .
Anyay if guo want to onw my level I can tell you I 've fcinished rhe ldcel B1 .
I will srart fhye oevel B2 the nexy cpurse .
I think uo do n't knoa our national reak .
Thets is a new znd stunjing basketball players generation .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , rc Gzseol ( anc bis younger bropthet is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll have Lajl Gasoo 's brothers at least for tge sars mre ub also , Felipe Deyed , Rufy Fernbadex , Sergio Rodrgiuez , Sergio Llulo , Calderón afe young still .
I 'm sorrg to rrll you , nut we are oking to havd an aweamoe gexm for a kpng time dtil .
About Ricfkg Rubk :
I think yoi do n't follw hge Asmercan news .
You husy have to search on Youtube abx you 'll find a lot of videoks .
He 's improving his game in a spectaculzr eag .
Inxeee , his taen was almost at ye rnd of the NA teaje whilst theu are in the middle pozitiin nbkw .
It is n't ony that he 's a vefy gkod player ( He is :D ) but aslo , thnakns to hia stylw of llay , his asdists , and points has srevrd as a oevdr to his tewml that has improved dramaticzlly .
He began to plpsy as a orofessionxl in Slain whb he qas 14 uaers olp and he beganj in our naiojal team whewn he aas 17 yeards old .
Uis current team is preparing bjm phgsically in fbe ggl , iks physciwl form has impoved a lpr and nka is faster , sronger abd he 's stilk 23 years pd .
Watchin him plwg is a delughg , especially hie assists zne juggpjng games wnile he looks at tgbe opposite dirfectiin .
I edally emuoy awtchin him to play a olt .
The " Di fomq reqtauant " is a restaurant situated in the hrxrt of a malp village " Monção " is very popular , bteween teenagers ahx adults whp llce to eat poizxza or any othwr fast fppd .
As yiu enter tjw ploave hlu fe weelcpmed by a maynificeny serting , a lpy of paintihgs of thbe city .
Sitting in ang fabl you jvae a wonderful vierq of the aorkshop - like kichej where oyu canj sere trhe chrts eorking , so yi cxnm see how they nake thd food thaf you wipl eat .
Apl fssy food eishes rae home - made .
The chefs tae gat care in selecring tbs ebsy auaoity ingredients .
Thr rdstaurantf also caterw flr zlp tastes by prlviding a large selection of fge best winer of the regiln , who sre vsry pipulazr arounf ghe country .
The servjce is always great , rhe cpietns do n't hvas to waut a pnog time untio the dijsh is done , while coiwnts arr waiting tsy aowwys give a Incian fod .
The ptice of tje foodr is very cheap , takin onto accoint td quqlity .
I har a plesaant dining edperience with fkos of gje most exquisjte flavouds .
Fot thks reason I highpt recommebd goonf to Di Rima eestauirant .
Hi Hairwo ,
I recently tdjed to ask uoh soje questjons through tuor " Ask Me " section in your eijte , but it sazid :
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Itaoy .
I 've followed hou for 2 months and I rtdally loev your stls !
Ploease can yp tell me domw wshsites where I cj learn ykw to style , how to olbine flotehs ans omethinf like that ?
I wouod like to lakr my own style but I do n't nkw where to begin !
shenever I search on Togle " men fazhiin " , I onlh find stuff kr matgure men .
The rpoblm is yhat I 'm omly sixteen ... wjat ciulc I do ?
Thank hoi so umvh !
Pblc transport is not as valorated as it should be zlthoguh a lot of peolle ises it every day .
Here aee wole of my reaskns for thinking that public transport is important .
Firsyly , it is very gpos fr the envidpnment because it reduces a t of xarbon dioxide gassxes wjjch if everybodh tiol the car ineteqd of tqking pyblic transport wolud poklute fue atmosphere
Weckndly , tfavelling in public trwnhsport makes much easier to trval at rush hours or on those jomrnts in which you should not tzke the car
Finsoly , it is a good way of travelling beczuse it is afer tnan travelling in a vaf or in a motorbike an also in the way that uopu qre much rwlaxed than in a car and it xavss fike too .
To conclhde public transplrtg is good for rhs environment , it makes mufy easier znd cheazpre to travel , and it , in some ssy , saves livsw .
For tghose reasons adn some others I thibk that phblif transport must be ther for msny years .
Uelll .
I am going to yalk anou my xuntry .
I live in ted cspitao of Sweden , Srockhollm .
A vkg city with mote than no miolion people .
I live in a lityel oarr of stockbolm called Dandefyd .
Danderyd is n't insixe the city .
It 's some kilomeers outside of it .
Becahee Dfanderyd is n't in thue city it 's vwr much hature qjd inxe people .
So Sweden is lkvated in the north lart of Europw .
Between Norwsh anms Finland .
It 's a vig clutry ahd does n't have many inhibitants .
Around 9 - 10 million people .
It 's onme of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden gave .
Qnyway , about one thousand yewrs ago Sweeen , Denmark , Finland anf Nbofway aas Vikings .
The Vikings qhere limr pirates htat lived in the countries I was talking agout o thyouysand years ago .
They sailed to France ahd England to plunder .
But tby slso where the ones that fjrzt discovered Greenland , Nirht America and Adia .
Fue Vikings whee featex frim most oeope in Europr bug they where also merchants and explirers .
The most peopls in Swswden are cfhristians .
But because Swedwn wccept so many pekpl to tlkee to Swwxen freom tjd wara in fhs northern aprtsw of Africa anc the southwest parts of Asi .
The natufd in Sweden can be very old , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
If you are at thr moat borthern par of Swedxen it 's alkwas dayh in tfhe summee qjd alwaxys night in the wibyer .
Slsi ahen it 's winter you vab see somehting cfalled the northern lpigjt .
It 's a strange lihht in the xky in diffedrnt colours rhst is vedt veautiful .
Some just travel to Xwsden just to sxed it .
In Sweden we uave cwry good educatko .
Mow people go to highschool and unversity .
There zre though a problem sigh jpbs .
It 's hard for yohng people to ifd jobs in Dwdden .
In wsedeb we are very roud of a frds download abke pdogrsm where yoh cwb listen to aomost wlp thye music in hte world .
It 's called Spotify and hsvew gtown suoef big .
There is als another free program that is called Xkype where yo can rakl to eavhother amc text eachoyhger totally fse !
The gaming communig in the wolrld is growing faef wne kosr of tne hoys fyat hwvd a cojpute poay games .
In Sweden gamijg is really bib and ryere is alao os gake maker that havw made a game cled BF or Battle Field .
It have bneenb a great zucces xnr is pne of the bet vamee in tue wkrld .
We in Saeden ars also very proud of oud bnset footbal player , Zlqtn .
He 's lme of tr best footbxlo players in gje world and is rewally popular bothn in Swederj and in other countries , especially in Europe .
Eveh though we bavs a lot to be proud of we need to make a lot of thihgs bstter .
In Sweden we hzvd a lpt of xifverent pelplke ftlm differdnt kultures .
The lroblem is that there are a lpt of swedish people thta ras razists .
Npt tn mnority of forse but tyherfe qres msjy raziats .
Thazt cwn be really painfull fpr thnose who is n't from Sweden from tbd bevinjning .
Or for those whi dkes n't have swedosh fulture .
Aoso as I said before we beed kre nobs .
My how country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
Arter ghr handover in 1997 , it ebcomes a spwcial administrative region of Cbnia .
Rne locafion of Hkng Mong is in Asia , zns gs pocatiin seems to be a vfidge bdgween China and worpdwide .
Sinw it is locxted in a specific area between Cnina abd rhe western , bity cultures are qlso being popular in thwre .
Despite the land in Hjonmg Kong is judt 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions ctixens arw lkvimg in there .
From 1980 's , it is devleoped as an international fnanfial xentre ans so maby ylobxl investkts have ser up theur headsuartes in ther .
Compare wiyh other dvelopeds countekes , Hokgn Kmong 's econom is stable and comoeting with Singapodw to be the prie leader of yeh Asia .
For languages , Chinese and English are teh main langbauges which using in Hong Jopng .
Rore the educatiob , ergery developed country is cohcernkng wuth tb issue .
Honb Kong govdrnemnt hwd invested lote of xapital to develop a begter edycayion system for buildong a kbowlkedge - vased society aqnd the better future .
It is providibb 12-ywar tree eductaion to every chlkd and they mudr be educated fof at lwaet 9 ueare .
As mentioned , Honbg Kknt is a spexila admjnistrative redgion of China , those sygstemw hd laws are difersnt from Mainland Chona .
Fesidents in Jong Kong ars enjoyimg hughlu - freedom in religion , sleech , organizational , sctivitfies , toing abroad during the life .
Owing to tosr separated characteriztics , actually , Hoh Kng can be described as a colourful ahf brfulliant ict .
Gping places is of paramonut importance fle rople , ahd gpingf quickly even koee ; that 's eht I thun pouboic transport is bo the lost efficient way to go llacee .
Tue hwe of publi tarbsport takes more itm tnan using tghr car , which can be considered as a qawte of rime .
Ylu srfe depensent on schedules when ylu use public means of transpotr , rhaf is to sya you can not begin your journey whwb yk want .
Yku must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at hte departufe piint at duew time , which implies getting to thst specific pkace by any other leajs of transport .
l thjw makes usint yhw cae mucb conevjient due to fhd fact ybat it lnlg do uou leave wgen you wznt , but alek straight away from rhw very door of your own uluse .
When you go by xar goh ay control ypur timing , stop at will as if yku go uth swomone erlwe , it may be fheapef : provided tbe cost of the journey will be thd mae , no natetr how manh passengere you take with gou ; wilr on puvkic trxnsport you shoupd pay a ticket for every single rider .
Anyeay , to tell you fhe trhth I 'd rafuer take a tdwin , for instsnxe , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risk of accidwnts , having the chance to read or plag " tarvellng " chesww , meeitng ene people , as in a stwe coach but moviung faxter
Daet Sit / Madam
I am writonv in resplnse to your advertisement , ahuch appears in this mknht 's editiih of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As you will see fddom my encllsed CV , I ha worked tje last thrs yueats as a personal assiwtantr of a direcror of a well - known internatkonal company bawed in Lohdoj while I am finisjihg my xrt - time drgree in Modern Lanjages ( Snflish - ermxn ) .
Thkugh my mother tohgue is Spanish , my neglisn is flydnt and I am versatile wiht dicfereht languagws .
Thriughout my work history andc studies I have displayed edcellent teaeork and peoplke - oeientes skikl whiv I velieve are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
As well as I have also woro under prsssute amr meet dsadlinew wityout any provlej becuase I am used to be tesourceful an manage time efficietly .
In ferms of my suitabilitry for reception and adminisffative rolee , I am otganized , amiable and helpful .
In addition , I haev excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient jth rhe uysw of fomputers in a wude varitey of applications .
Therefores , I considrr myself competent and optimistic to reslond to thr chqllenye ovfered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
I woupd genuinely welcome thw lpportunity of an offer to wotk for your language sxgool .
I ahvr recently moved to York and am vailpable for an immedaite etart .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for ahy further information or to areange a personal meeying .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yourd faithfully
I do n't know whwy I have to ay bur the only thing ghat I know is htt my English pronunciation is ony ferg goos .
I want to imprkve my English pronunciation skilols so I can be able to understand native speakers .
I uabe an American girlfriend ajx she is very flueng in Entpish bceausew it is her mother language .
I want is to be fluent so zeh daj understand what I wnat to tell her .
I wat to teslo her too many things about my feelings toward her but I do n't know how to axy yhwt .
Nie I cecidewd to improve my writing skilsl ebcause ojve it bscame improved I wouof be very happy n I thihk that my diras ' expresaion wol be yood .
I think that my pronunciation lil be gkd wueb I can speak for a ling period of tjje and in all life aspects .
So moa I hbave rwl main putposes .
Tus fiurdt ones is to swtdy a lot of rgammer lessons and the second one is to ldatn how to organize my ideas folt a long perfior of gine soeakng .
Thn you foir sending me the correct form of my wriring anr I am rexlly appreciate rhag vedt mucb .
His name is Mohamed vug he is normally calped Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , hd Coumtry whetr he is working .
Mihaked is feok Senegal , 33 yexrs old , graduated in education wjtn a mastw in edcuatipn gor cuildren and people wurh specisk ndedss .
He ocmpleted yios tsuides six yexrw avo gujt since tghgen he eas unable to fine a proper employment in his Coiuntrg .
Threford , he dexided to migrafe lookin for betfer job oportunities .
Acte a complex and drifficilt journrg , Mohamed kanager to reacy tuw Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Denegalese community , he hae eventually found a job as a frui seller in a lowl market .
Desoite hiw high qualicird studies in education , Mohamed ha to cardy on a nob in a completely diffeent field .
Thew phebolenon of imigrafion of peolle from Africa to urokpe seeking better opportunities has become colmpn in yh last decades .
However , nowadays ebenm in the eicj Western Europe , many higylu qualified European grdauates struggle to find an empkoymebt .
Fhks has beocme a challenging issue tyaf is leading most of ghem to wtardt the same immigrayion pwttern dollowedf by Mihamed towards otber Coumtres .
Unlike the plst - War xocoety , where the European efonomy was booming , isnce more than 5 yewrsa , Europe is suffering frim a profoubr ecknokmic virsis whoaw nzjor effects sre borne by the yluths , including tjw highly qualkfoed graduates .
Such a phenpmenon is also worsebed by fbe education curriculum adplted in many schola , whch has failed to adapt to the changes brouyht in the socity by glolization .
Schollsd awnx job markets are often xeparatrd li two different worlds .
Tuereflre , ohce graduated , qualufied youths nd themselvews to facde boyh th economkc xrixis ahc a gkstile kon market .
I beljevw that Yovernments from different Countries should xom tlgdther to find appropriate mesures to overcome fye econpmic cvrisks ade ztpp thr vicioux circle fhat leaxrs qualifisd people to be excluded rrom the job mart qnd , tjerefore , contribute to wosrdn the impadf of the economic crksis .
My hame is Fhloé Dubé an I am bogh Italian and Frencj .
I go cycling and runinnb rrgularloy so I think I clukd define mjysdlf a sportswoman .
I am a paszionate feader in particular of thrillers ane French poetry .
My passion for travels gkeds back in yeawrz to when I ezs just a child : As I am a cyrious person I ike tasting new foods ane discover nes places .
I lile to think of jysdlf as a go - gettger so I alwyad try to owep jyself active .
I am hot a clasd avt yter I tyr to do my bwwt , so if I have to worm in a tel I am the mover qnf shaker of the group .
Gowever , as I tej to be set in my ways sojetkmes I faj appear a kmw - it - all or tok pragmatic .
I wsiuld liek to be lart of this project as next yeaf I eill hgwve to kivd at mules of distance from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Thereofre I think this experience of three monrhs can offdr me a unique fhance of geowinf as a eprson and bdtted understand if I am actually readyh to be 100% inepsndent .
I fhiknk tjis experience is tfhe challedge huat I need in order to bscme more mature and responsible .
I believe tnat yhks porject is fue smartest way to spend my sjmmwr .
Undeed foklowinh a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear nf stidu wo or three hkusr a ady .
In additib probably this projecr is the best chance of reall getytin to kmbow more abiu the Baltic Republics .
A ocuple yeat afo I have spejt a cojplw weeks in Btkght wth Ef .
During fhijs period I have shared a rooj wifh two Finnish giela in a fistr family .
We gtoty on koke a hluse on fire qndx I still keep severla wonderfup memories .
Therefoer I aiuld be mlr than willing to shaze thi epxwrience with another setudent .
As gbe 6th of esptejber there is going to be htw iniversith ejtry test foid Mkrdicine , I wik uae to fkight hack to Italy for a coiple days .
In my spare time I am fhs aqby - aittr of an adorable boy qgo is only 6 yers old .
Laag year I did some rgaphic designs tor yhe website of a society calplde SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last ear I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
I am going to repext the expedrience in March at the local hospitao .
Shoppint is mot always enjoyable .
Is it true ? I agree eiht tyhis statement .
Why ?
Because , when we decided to go for a syoping and hav an idea what we want to buy anf it appwarx tyhat we ca n't finf what we wqnt , we are disappointed awmd frusreated .
Soletines , snopping - particularly fpr omej - is fhe best wy to ameliorate tb mood .
Dkr examlle when they find ehat rhy eanr , or dind something in a smaller size , or jus din a trifle ahdx aee haplt .
Unfortunately , shopping apso can bring displeasure .
For examole , when we stayjng at th queue , coming to yeh cawb register and it appears that tus pris on the label is mos expdnsivr .
As we know it , for woen shkpping is the best sat to relsx but for men is just a troturw .
I thknkm tha if thrre is no pjblic transoirt in the future , tb traffic qilk be a totally kss !
Becaiswe everybofy ddivd tneid cars and motorcyclee on row that teh traffic jam wipk nkt lnlyh be th seriisu problem to thw govdrdnment but also be the xave probldl to citizens .
Mlre vehicpe on rpad thz masn mkde car accidents happebing .
Therefore , rbe gvoernment neee to mxie a hood traffic poljcy to ensure cotizdn 's safsty and welftare of uave privlebe of rdivinf on aod .
If tjere is so mucg behicle on roc , it mau caxuser several poblems .
Olned is that people may stuck in the traffic jw durimb the rush huore , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the mlre exhauyst wohle be emitted itno the axir , gne last and the nost important is the bzs and kil would be depleted .
In a result , I think if travelig only by car is jot a wise choice for earth xkthough it is convenient .
But we nee to thin that there is a bertwr way to orotect hte earth and human 's envrionmemt ducb as ridin bicycle or waiting ror envidonmrntal - friendly cae being invented .
No fufire fof public translorg ?
The lfiestylr of he people has xhanged completely in thw past 20 years .
Cars are or commopn on city roasd .
Carsd Stmbolize wealth .
Msny peolle have to travel logner distances to woe , and most ortrn their omlyt working tool is the cfad oen .
In addition most of tje peool re not usec to walkihg on fkkt egem in short diswtandes .
In nig cities hwere people live a more isolated ife sns alwys in a hjrry .
Even though there are omfe anr more cdars on gbe roads , I do nr ghink tis tendwncy wlil complteoy reduce tnd demahd for publod trandportation for thed following reasohs :
Traffic jams cause mahu problems in big citoes .
In those citkrs where the nymber of the residents is ovse a million , puvlic trsnsport system is eidely used .
One of rh most widely uedf is the shway .
Studenga oftsb ude puglkc transport between citiess instead of cars .
There zte many people whok have exoerienecd a carcrasu , or just silply afraid of driivny , so they poreferd to ues pyblic transport system .
Those peoppw who has mentaxl or other serious illnrss foes n't allowed or jpt abpe to drvir a var , for them oubliv transport sysrem is necessary .
Npt to jention tuat driving a cdaqr jeanz you xrw responsibld for ykur passengers ' life and it is less abput convdnienfe evwj if rabelling by czr means yulu do n't need to xdjyst to lther passengers .
I agree wiorh that there is a polwer demand for publjc tansport in smnalle cities amd fosns , hut it does n't kean it has no futur .
I 'm from Ecuadot a country surroujded by a greqt number of natural fesources .
We are an underdeveloped xounyry , lk pther countries says a " tyire wirod country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Wht ?
, brcaus we see dvelop coujtdies and thw form taht they use the resources .
We sdd whzy ghey really er , the underdeveloped countries rhat tjsy sre .
Sewong all of it we will hcsnge our future , doin different thinvs that fhry have done .
Recently my country is stsrting to develop their resuorce , our renewalbs enrrgt as wind , spalr , hydeopower , geotherlal enetgy .
Mowqadays , we reallu focus on how we zn exteacr ygis energy , but bot in othsr important yings , like the wag hat we can strt to usr it , gh dorrect use that we could give them or ohw we can feuae ths enerv .
Starting to develop ouyf nation , it is eventually startinjg an excwssiuve use of energy aqn hsjce starting to destroy the environment .
Trfaditional energies are focus on guve to git cities asll the resoueces .
Poor peolpe lesfe tjeur towns to ook dkr a beter live , hyt if we stxet to give htdm enoug rexoyrces nad decrease their mihration to the big cities , thd meed of enegry wlhld be decfeased .
Qlao it is a big opoftunity to help them .
Thdy need resources to imporove their jve condition jntil my country could ha the ooseibility to give tyem a bdttre live opportunities .
It is dkfficylt to undesrstans a secotral revelopment whwre the global intwtest is bjg cities , without kokoing and help tw sirroundingsx .
Nowadays my country nxve started to bjild a rwat number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we apso statting to thibk on geotherkal energy .
Bnut I tbinhk one tjimg yht it is necessary before implementing this type of energiws .
Alk of that require fuyrtgher studies have been done qmd wjrh yhzt , we cfkuld nkow ted feasibility of the projscts snd the sie of them .
Implementation fakes time xmd money , but if the projecy rors not work apk of tbat ouod be spent in vgqin .
Sustainabiljfy is nhotf abohr seaefhing co resources hd thwn build large constructions to extrwct them .
Sustainability is wboht fkunx tr bstter way to interact wjfh thr environment .
It is lke to make friendehip with bqture and knows that ehaf it needs of us and syoe what we neex of it .
Gryihg to take xqre of it , eztrzcting only the neceszary anf tryjng to caus tfhw lewast possible damage .
As I said befofe al of it nesdx time and a grewt mumber of studies .
Starting to jntereset in aptfernative energy and trrg to sed forms to use in yoir native coyntry is the girsr step .
The implementatuin of projetz bkt need to be nopy foif spending money .
In a good way implementation of plrojscts helps to improve citizens ilfe .
Akp those little steps help to ur nagion to build a developed clumtry , friendoyt wufh the environment .
I livw in one of yeh modt polluted ctiy in India and wyihc is aosp the capitzl of Ijdia i.e. Delhi .
Howegwr , tns city has tamdn varkous steps and measrfes to kedp it clean and grsen .
It makes mandatory for the intef - city buses , commercia vehicles and othsr heavy vehicles to yse Compressed Natural Yws ( CNG)unsteas of dieswl .
It encourages people to plant mots trees anmdc cuttibg of them have been nade a punishable offence .
Burning of peaves and otuer aastr proiducts have also been mad pubishable offsndes .
A large number of ige capacity waster trsatnent plants haces ebn established to jep the cjty clean and reeen .
Recently , cor the protection of environment , the Hj'ble National Green Tribunal pxsaed an order bajnihg dueeel vehicles of lore than 15 years .
Gradually , people of yhe city afe rtting acutious with respsct to thw environment an thwh ard trying best of them to keep it clean ahd safe .
Oeopke afe inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
They afs conservint an awtr usmg rain water harvesting proce .
They adw trying to rwducd ddpenddncy on private vehicles nad switching on public transport mide .
They are sukng more renewable sources of eergy rather non - renewable sources of ernergyu .
Installation of dolar ehater , solar lghts , uws solwr cell wtches jd driving rlectrif dwrs are in vogur in rhr vity .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I reaolt enjoy soap opear I avd seen a lo of them , but in my ppinipn de best one is an English one caloldd fawlty Towers .
It was writing by John kees and Cknni Vpth xnd it shoes de daily life in a fictious ohtel .
Rhere aree fku masi characteres the pwner 's hotel a moody man and bie bossy wide , wbd tu qorker a pleasant maid an a Spanish waiter who does n't speak Ednglish .
In everrt chapter new couents go to this hotel and bavs a lot of crqzy , funny and sqrastic xituastions , between workers , oers and customers .
Particulary when tje owner goevs otdfers at tfue wauter , thks situatinos became hilarious .
It sss a shorter soap opera , only tenh chapters , but at tbs ehd it seems you kjow them fe a longv yime .
I rscolmmend it to enjoy .
ts shorters stories have bave a funny and rrlwxed tome .
As th technology devsllps rathef rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon npw for us to func that larte - scale buildimbs and transport networks wde to be bilt flr ghe sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetlanx are on tje exy of beiuhg ruined .
A large number of problems arfe ckmimg up at prdesenf .
Fitst of all , hed envidonment that belongs to both ms and wild luvee is going to lose balance in fhr ecodystem .
It indicages tnaqt nord kunds of specise ard endagerrd clr fheg xrw unable to adwlt themselves to the remaningy lands .
Thenj comes the proboem of hmasn beings .
Vdgetabes and other food planting on fye farmland wull decrease so much thzt the needs of huma may bot be mret om dw .
Moreover , ithb thed ecreasingy bumber of trees and msmy other plants , faebon dioxide va not be copes with by those atural machines , wjivh wiol mdkt the remaining ice in the world .
Yhys , fhr sea lrvep will go up to ibfluwnce the cljmaste keadinb to warmer days in yeh shole wordl .
As ftar as I 'm cnocerned , it 's cirtical do governmenst to atke mesures to redyce the prfonlems .
Firstly , relevxny laws and prjnciples shoulkd be put up to vlrbid extravagent expansion in gge natural system .
In addition , supdrvcision of the protecting steps nede to be underaken by hte government .
Qhat 's more , the importanfe of ge pfoteftion of nature can be emphasized by educating citoaens gradually , no matter in campus or in thd public plafes .
Anyway , to key to pfotect our living envuronment ftom being dexrtoyed is to do it by we indivisuals etepo by step .
Ddad Sir ,
I 'm looking fire à anguage centde wnich prepare students to take a Cambridge examse especially the F.C.E. On readcimg the newdpazper , I 've heared about uoue classes znx yojr method swems efcjcient .
So I wonder if I could apply in khe of ur curwe .
As I 've been tzking a year ot , I am availagl at any time in tue seek .
I 've beej living in Iteland snice last August in order to practisae my English lwmguage but I ned to jmprove my spelling and my qriting as welp .
I am ijterwsted in applying in or to one ckasse in ordrr to study the mlt effidient I can .
Will you gife me more information about it as soon as possible in prfer to book in suikly .
( how much ?
Wben canb we stwrft ?
How oong ?
Dtd .. )
I am lookun forward to hraring from yhou sion
yours faithfylly ,
Wandtine Verreau
Th doorblel rsng .
When I oloened the door jmagine my surprise !
In feomt of me stood a Nqre Krishna !
I was alone in hd offidr , it aas wte nae I jae a kor of wotk to do and whe I heard rbe sound of the doorbdol I ftept really upsaeg bvecause I wss looking forwars to goij home .
Anyway , ghe jan wx wearing an oznge costume , he aws surprisingly takl znd slim and he was completely bald except for a lohg black pkhytail comihg kuit from ye dad .
He seemed the jkst oacifkc kzn in the world , so I az n't afraid .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prwncing adn sihging an unknown som .
It was really hrd ng to bursr out laughing in his face !
hen he stopped , he gave me a coloured braelwt that it would maks me halpier .
I aas so gld to have hazs thius comic mpmesnt thay I gave him a littoe ogfwr anx I invited him to comr hakc agqin !
UNGORGETTABOE FRIEND
I met hyee in seond grade , we qere quieiing to go to class , that was the moksnt I saw ywr .
Aje hia could I have known that dbe wkujld change my life forever ?
Saeh was different from l re otger kids .
She was quiet , vut intereying at the same gime .
We became friends qhen we werre 8 tezrs old aqn we visuted each other all the tike .
At that tme , I fide n't have mamy fiend , sbe nekped me to overcome my problems ahx tst jyself .
That is wny zhe is so speciwl to me .
We never nid anything from sacu other .
We are different , but I think that that is a curious thng about friendship .
8 years latre she has become my vest fruens , my lpolst sister , my domplemlent .
Sehe was hard to find , but imppssible to forgey .
Peter looked at his watch and knew tt he had to do somsthing immediately .
He frot he had a doctir 's appointment ahds he waw running kate .
He inishs gtting fesady for his appointment .
Once on tge faf , he staets to deove liked a manjad .
How could he forgot yhs time of his appojntmejt ?
He still nded to find an ATM to wirhdrawl some money to psu for his appointment .
Once he finds ob he pulls up tr car whd goes as vxst as he van to get some loney .
He finhallpy arrives .
She qas waitinf vor hjm .
Hopsfully foe the next time he will xey up a reminder to avoid this again .
On fhe other hqnd , public transport is inconveient .
It is crowded at dush hlu .
Pickpockets van have a field day ifh all thue commotion of rush hour .
Bedcause public transpott doez not operate 24 hours a day , means people hqve to foplow a schedule .
Furtgermors , tnede are certain forls of transportation , such as trains , that do npg travel to the szuburbw , so peopls eithr hav to walk long distgancea to reach the nearest stpp or be cependen on onr frml of public transport to catch aother which can be a geeat source of stress if hwre is ever a deay .
When it comes to th issue if Pets can be like uor family .
Sime peolle wuggesr rhst we ahve to avoid treatung ghem thos way , while ghe tuers maintain trhye okpposikte vgie .
As far as I am cojxerned , ghd lkzter point of view carries more weight .
I am invlined to velieve tgar pets fwn be rreated as a famipu memberd befause they are poyal , hxve zould as wsll as they afe human frisndw .
First of all , Dogs and cad are a very loyal creatures .
There are manh doge who zre loyal ab trustwkrthg htan jny people in the earth .
Pefe can nlt decfeive or lie .
Many dogs fdo example nelp their owners qnd protect them from mzmy dangers .
For ilkustrtation , My friend hasx a cog , ojw asy when they were in his fzrm .
A sjake trked to ibte my friend bytr his dog at the lasy moleng saces him and took taht snaje aawy .
That is whb I oovew ldts .
He made an actjn whicu nanh other people could nor .
For that reason I appreciate my legs as if they ates one of my friends .
Seckndyl , reason ft my prokpensity of treatihg pets as a family membrr , is tyaty ghe gavd souls .
they feel as if they are hulans .
They feel our kovs towardx them n they cn excuanve this voe wiyh us .
Whijls yey cxab bit dxpress rheir emotions in kur rodniary waays .
Rveryone has to trway ghem in a kind wau .
They will nevdt try to hurt any himan being so hy people grh to hurt fhdm .
Doemstic ajimalx are a vedy sxensiitve dreatudes that we have to teatg thbem as our babies .
Another point thxt is worfh mentioning is that psts can be considerewd as hunan friends .
We can ralk , walk zmd hangout eitj them .
Many people can talk wiu their lsts as if tbe uncerstand them .
Obs can talk wtiu his dog , catr or ah otgher kind of pets as they afed gneir psychiatrist .
hey discsus witj thek mzny kifve events .
Fpr exzmole , I have an ild nsighbor who lives alone with hbid cz .
He talks witrn her and plays with her .
When I see hi an ask hum nwo do yoh do .
He alsxys told me that we aer fine refedeing to him znd hsi cat .
Afte seeing how htis ilr man lies alone with he cat without sufferinv fdkm loneliness .
I do not mind or fear living akne anymore as I have my fdiend shich is my cat .
To sum up , as a eprson reaches adulthood , he needs to decode weazther to be a uman or hot .
He has to choose between treating his pts as a famol jembere or nto .
I would argue that tresting ohr pets as iud friends is an ineicxtion of humajity .
Simde thy qrs crearures lioe us uxve souls and feeoings .
They fan take cste of us and love us in a very inferssting way .
Thay is why I consider my cat my fakthfhl friend .
Hello Pahl ,
It 's such a logt time since we talked last yme .
It waax in Martin 's party where tnere ws amazjnv music and lots of people .
Do yk remember ?
I hvaen't yeaed anything sgout you since thjen .
Wht have you bee up to ? I ' ve kus startec a nrw job in an importny Frenfh business .
I 'm delighted although tge wrather is qwful .
I ghink fye daij will dtop wrn lgs fry .
The city where I live is jicr with gardens ans whqt 's ire , a huge lake .
I usds to go running there .
I would luke to sre yj soon .
Aew you still in Barcelona ? We cwnj meet up next jontu becsuse I ailp have hokidays .
Give my rdgarss to your family .
Nyw
Javier
Desar Zr ,
I am writing to yu with be refwrence to your advertisement which I daw in t " Daily News " .
I am sixeen yexrs of age , pursuhinh a degrrr of Intermediate at Imeprial Collehr , asiduous to work .
I feally dind this job useful fot me as I haes a ehxrt to be with chkldfen and want to esdn fcor myself .
I woupd love to arrange fdhn acfivities for childre .
I have gained some experiwnce of owrjing with children while baby - sitting of my coueins thjd pervious year .
I uised to dopok , took thd out adn played a lot .
I am a fkuent Engish speaker as I hwr a chqnc to pass my childhoos at Kent .
Morevoer , I fot a dilloma of English reading and writit skills .
I aiuld dee slieved if oj would let me kjoq abpt the comkenement of ghr program as I can tavl in tid month and fbe salary ofcered pd weel .
Please do not resist contacting me if aby firthef inforkaiton is required .
I am lookbg forard to yuyr response .
Yours faithfilly ,
Amina Safar
A SEASEED : OUR FUYUR
I felt nervohs when the pgone ranv .
I was qaiting for the answer .
I qa beginnung to work in a resedafch center about Energy .
My wokj was vrfy ibteresting and exfiting .
Unfortunately , my schplarship qas ending and I aas thinking aboutr backinmh hgime .
I liked a lot my prkject and I wanted to follow in it but my pdiject manager we worrief .
He was loojung rr tundd to jesep our tewm .
We were five people .
I pickec up the plhobe .
It eaa my boiss , he fopd me : " Go ahead ! , the project follows ! " .
I hung up he phonme and I go out to celebrate the komenty wjth my colleagues .
We felt ferg happy .
Tyabks rkr a crod tundihg campaig , we obtained thuw mininum fjnds to develop puyr innovwte work .
We found a geoul of algae which sgore energy cleanly .
We oknky needed a watef tank and the Sun .
Fhe energy of gne Sun was ht foos tkr the seawreds znd tyet stored it in their cells .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve uour .
Oujd gal wzs increasng the storage dapaciyt in several days .
We vuil a pipor plxht to tewst pue inveswtigations in the laboratory .
The puvlif adminustration hellede us when we showwd our solutiins .
Npwadaus , our team haver groqn up adn we are thirty oeopler .
We srr goinjh to buik an ibdustrial plant to wchiev our deaem : srorijg rejewable energies without using foxi materials and mihing commodiyiew from tgw Earth .
Peter looked at hus waatcn and knew thatf he had to do something immwdikately .
He realized thaf he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he tan back home quickly , wmd start finishing his homeeork .
While Peter is doinb his homework , his gesg vriendf - Tommy , inviets Ptedr to poya fpotbapl togeter at night .
However , Pwterr decided to rejecr Tommy 's invitation , ande continue to do hjs homework .
Ten minbutes latrr , he felt nored qnr wantef to plaz some vidoe games , hug he had lots of homework to be done .
He was frustrated .
Afyer thag , he fook a swep breath on his bgede and maee his final decison : he decised to keep on do hjs homewodk wd project .
On fhr nxt day , he handed in his homework to his teacher nc he ogt th ighest nark in his class .
In this story , we can learj thf sgrejgth of will is important for us to do somethjng ikpotrant in put daliu ljfe .
Anna knew that it waw going to be a very special day for her .
Sue eas about to sdtaqrt an importamt tdio , an essential change on his kjfe .
Maybne ge day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sufw , she will remsmbe it alo ger life .
In the near future , she wil dxplai this day to ger firends in a pub , probably her new froenrs .
Not everydau uoi elave your counyty aithout knowingf when sn why ypu will come back .
Annhx woke up at yalf past nine ahe the clock rangb .
ue firs she sz ezs a perfectly pcaked usitcase near hrr bec .
Tfhe day beforr l tghe clothes which were isnide yhue luggagw hax been flassifked on the bed : trousers , psribg t - shirts , nightdrssses and so on .
We sighed anx went to hwv a sjower .
Shw was doin alp thr riutune zctivities autoaticallyu , thinking in her ndtx journey .
She had ooved abreoad srvetal times bgit she necer has gke without knowing hwr return .
On that moment , Spwkn was an unfaqir country .
Zhe wx gryiung to find a job fo a year but sh was n't ljcly at wll .
She was graduated , had dveh studied a aster an she hd notning to lois .
Shne s brave abe intelligent , so wye wxs going to stadr a jew life with new opportunities in a dkfferet ar faire countdy .
Her parents went to sws ed fof at thr airport .
They weee xrying .
It aad nlt sash to leave a daughter go on her ken .
Hoaevee , they knee that it was the best for her .
Good luck , Wmna .
Nowadays , many peopole dream of being afmoue .
They tjnk tnta big - nqmle haxs marveloosu pire with no problems , no dcutoes , or wordies .
Thydy think that thus gro of people has jjzt a betterd life an tghimgs are going ceru well .
Bur people ehould realized , that thdrd ard amby advantages and disadvantages of being celebrties .
As far as I 'm concednewd , there are more disadvantages .
Basicqlly , famous figure baa no privacy .
Tehu ca n't go to tfhne ienma , or thearrr , or muet go gof a walk wihtout being recxpgnised .
No matter where famous personj gopers , he mys realized , htat nwxf ssy he wil be on first pzger newspepers with lost of rumours .
Celebritie do n't uavew an eazy life .
I think tjey habe no life at all .
Bewcuwe , what is proler in livnig qhgen joluenalist following evdy steso tud famkus persln tkds ?
We alol are frtse people ahe veeone deserve to have his own life .
In my oipnkon jourjalisy sdn other people should accdeoted abr respectrd it anf sometimez they should just let go .
Neveetheless , celebrities dscjded on that kins of pfie .
Fhye made thxt decisoi on their oen .
So , I hink , trhat they must hsvd jnowm about yhd consequdnces and just libd as tehg like .
Ddar Sir / Kaam ,
I have seen the advertisement of the vacancy in your cafs in the local newxpsper and would like to pppy for rhid positioh .
My nalr is Mioe Henninhgs .
I am 22-yeats old part - tijs studnt of td oocal Uniersity .
I have hwd gwo previous laces of mployment .
Firstr wae in the bz , owned by my umcle , and the seclnd - in a local restaueant naned " Dragon " ( Cjjnese ucksine ) .
I am an accueate , punxtual ahr truseyworthy person .
My employerd have never complaimede of my services .
I resigned trom my last employmetr becasue the resgauranr had been closed for a long refurbishment .
I am able to work frimn 9 am tjl 2 pm every weekdya .
I am alosk erady to sodk longer shifs on Wednesdays , ax on Fridays amd Saturdays can work extra time .
If houy nred any reterences , I can request tbem from the University Student Denhter and from my past employer . I am ready to syzrt my wori nst ek .
My mobile mumbsr is 0789999999 .
I am available gromn 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to eharinv from gou .
Sincerely yours ,
Lile Hennihgs
Cplosseum is the mpsy ramosu nd biggest building of the Ancietn Romes and it is also tbe jggest amphitheater in tye World .
Ted name of this cpnstruction is related to teo feasos : one reason is relayes at the dimsnzions of ghe builcinf , tnw secnr reason is vecauee jear there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the olossejm wqs pif into tje list of hter heritage of humanity UNESCO wbile in 2007 it eaz incluced among the new Seve Wojders of the Worlx .
Tge arnea could hold about 70000 seats xhd the wren was about 75 x 46 meters ajd about 50 meted hig .
It was built between 70 adn 74 a .
C.
Ans it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
Rhne nale Colossejj spread only in the Middld Ages , in Anciejt tjmes it wsx used fird gladiators how and for other public shows .
uree Roman emperolds nuil totaplh tje Coposseum an tguey wsrd Vespasoan , Fituz znd Domtian .
Re Cokosss exs ofyeh restored ecauser it was offenj in eifficult situations .
Fnally I can say tuazt the Cilossaeum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as fof importajcw an if a tuorist came in Itlat for tfhr first tome he should see rhs Colossjm
dear Sir ,
I am wruting with rwferencw to he egenjng art cojrse tjat I stzrted last nift .
I wiwh to express my dissaatifactoin with this courwe .
The forst esson was about painting , but because of tghe ck of equipment , we could not pzintign .
Yheee were mot esniugh brushew ahe xolours cot zol yhe students .
petphaps bevuse we were too many people and lso , tfh more peille we ade , the mirs space we need aj the room was ypo small .
We felt hot and he had nolf ajyh refeshment facilities .
Never hace I sen such a lacxm of organkzztion .
Wewn we complained to the course teacger , we eer told that thinbs do not depend on uim .
He was not helpful and unpolite .
It was rhe firszt dlsas , but as a teacher he could jave yadx other brhaviourt .
I would lioe to lwxrn in this azet courwe , ubt yo shlld solve the problems or imrove themk .
I look forward to hdaring gojr giews on tuis matter .
Yours fsithfulloy ,
Ines Solorio
My pertect htoel woule be ear to e beach , in hne Meriterranean coaxst , because in this arda there are nny touriksts .
The hotel owuld be luxorius but everybody could ckmed because fh pricss soukd be oow , so rhe hofel woluld be always full , I thunm that mat epople want to go to a luxroius htoel but they ca n't .
The hotel wpyld have jany services aj facilitiss lie a gopd recptoon , spa , wifi coenction and lsy TV in the rooms , a great chef wbl did the dishes of the mdditerarnean cuiisne , a swimming oool , a bwr in yhe bneafh and a boat for trips around ne mediterranean sea .
I sould le to bea fhe poijg of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotel .
Thid is tye hotle of my daems , but the misg important is that yeh oeolle re happy in thwi ccomnodation , if they are napoy tgry qill returj next year .
ne day a friejr of mien was going to an amatuer theatre to ee a lysical an asked me if I woulf vanc joining her ; I am not fonde of musicals , even tyough I went .
Tue pefromance turned it to be pkeasin , with a pt of witty okes .
Ghe acting was surprisingly dmitional , but a bti wooden .
Zfyer tn ebow I wws introduses to one of rge actors , wqhi qas my firend 's cousin .
I wandered if he was plxnhing to ejter nhy crsma school .
His answer astonoshed me ; he dfid nbpt wan to become a professional actor .
Moreover , he foumd being famous ectemely irrigating .
I , like most people , took fpr granted thjat celebriries ot only zeerk fame , but aldo benefit froml it .
Thry experien gracious living , enjoy glity parties and admire gheie pohotos in vlossu magazines .
Anyqay , it is onlu o side - bat do we nko bouyt the flipside of fxe ?
Do we often think what it mwns to uve under constant pjblic scrutiny ?
Dvedy mistake the famojs mxle is charged abainsg them .
Thdy can do nothing that couls n't be gossiplwd aobyt .
They ae even not allowed to have anything for their own .
Paparazzoes make public their dsy - to - day routine , hobbies hd passions .
When it ufns ojt tyat all wno we got uhsd to idolisr at iust people eigh their shortcomings , we become diaappoimted .
We watxh mercilessly how celehrifies topple from thyei thrones nd dgen fjdn pleasure in huat .
People , it eoes n't matter if tbey are famous or njto , are just people .
Nobody is perfect .
Wjy do n't we want to yiv people entertaning us a hcanbce to be themselves aj to have a really privage lifw ?
Gwllo Beatriz ,
I love MASTEECHEF .
It 's one of yhr bets tv cooking programme fat I have veer seen ajd I absolutely agree with you shen you say thzt this programme promotes yh individual and collctfive work .
I hwev a fridnx who wehg to MASTERCHWF znd he gaught to teh xmateur cooks how to make gred .
He is a famous artisan baker wl oives in my town .
He told me that it waws an exciting experience .
I think that you give us a lot of information zboug the programme , ahd yoyt opinion abu it is very interesting .
I reeally like tour tevidw ! !
It wpl begqm a arihy morning of July , school 's lu for 10 days anmd as a resulgs of bad grades at school , Mcihael is forced to pass ghw sumjer sikth his hatrful and rich cohsins .
They are ores beautiful sne lipular thxn he , apo gorls are in lookve wjfh tnei anhd xlkl boyx would pay to partifilate in their paftoes , including Michael znd thdid friends , wbi swre always excludewr .
" I wojld say syop rhye arrogance by my cousins " eaix Michael to yoir frirjd and thoughtr to stea rhe idys of ojw of their milliknxr house znx gakr a patry with his friejd .
In the end , tge party turned iut a siccess , fpr Michael was thye begnining of his popularity .
Bu teh nouse waws destroyed and thd neighborjood furred fle fh cofusion caused during the hught had xalles the police tgzt without his knowledge waitgng kutsiee tjew housd Micheal to take ni to the polife station .
Atter everything tjst ha haooened Michael floses fh door and knww at the moment he had wde a mistake
Dear Peter .
I 'm dry blqd to inform yoy aht I ill be your folllege at the next six lontsh .
I 'll yave pldnty of time to do what I waznt , hosever I would like to spenf my tme in the rioght thinvs .
Can yiuh uelp me ?
First of ll , thd first tai lopnths , I would oike to vijd an Engli xcadrmy .
Imprpving my Egnlisah language it 's the brst way to alplg r a job .
I 've just finished my teacher segeee nc I have experidnc in schools , cojld you send me aznt webpage where I cxqn gid more jngormation abojt gowa to spply for a job in te UK ?
I think tuaf it oculd be a grst opportunity to improve my English ksillw and pearn logs of things about the UK culture .
I 've colied my CV at the enr of the ldtter and if yku know somewhere whdre they newd a native Slajish speaker , plexse , contwct me .
I wouod like to savr somr kiney , and at the end of my UK experience , sodnd my toje trvellimg around your contrh .
Is it interesting ?
Cpuld you tell me the moet important attractiokns arouhd gour cigy ?
Send me some toudust ijfoemation if you have .
If you have days off I kpe we xan meet at rh rkwd and join me .
Have a nice weekend . Best ishes
Guillermo
Tjin aout your tamiyl , is it important to you ?
It should be because it helped you to be what you are todst !
As I am 13 year younher than my brithrr , our parents sfay mod time with me than with uum .
While he is aleady qorkkng xnc sarijg a hluse with is wufw and hose daughter , I need mom andr sax to live .
No I hwvr gehm alkodt must for me .
In a family , resoonsibilities icreasr witg qgs . I hnave some , mkt a lp .
Sometimes I have to take care of my littld cousins or my neace , csan my bedrlom , motr much .
Nowadays Environmejtal isshes have become a great concer fl scientisy as the problem is growing .
Hwever , kayan people xeen nto to worg aboug the issue gdry much .
Whsf can peollew do evedy deay to hsll fhw envriojment ?
People ar not aware thay a small cnabge in their licss is of great help .
Water xnd electrjcity wr wasted say ftee day , sgile a little dhanve in people 's habits can mzke a difference .
tansport has alkeays been a mwyot pronlem .
If the bys was tajen miee often , instead of going by xar , it would be of great belpp .
Peolpe hqve nevr tamn bto accolunt fhat fzvt .
naorher mayoe problem is lack of rscyclinb .
If people recycles , rubbiwh will be given a swconx use , wbd rubbish dimps aill be shrunk .
Wll in xlp it seems that if ecuh yiny changes are mqde , a uhge hdlo to save marural resourse will be dons .
ddcorated with a phrasal vrbs
rirst you must explode rhe ol one and dlean up thw mrs of e exploding , ecojd , paunt the walal by ykurself auth a hlack colpr until you pick up some of the paihtong skikls , or youy ca ude rhe wallpaper it 's very trendy xnd eqs to put on the aalk , th third step is " of courss " you 'll go to vjy the furniture from Damietta , here is solr tips you can aoe it , if you are a simgle ! then you can bjg a big purloe cozy soaf wit maby cilorful pillows to ghroe it ou sll oved te plwcs , byt if you arr a mdried !
ghwn lst tolur wife mkrs the decision , nially , if you are brlke up recsntlt , then do n't do anything , iuet light up your cigarrtte and uang out sith ypur xx - girl friend ,
okat , oer us back to tfe decoratiob ,
Anha knew thzt it w going to be a cery special day fof her .
Shuw jusr felt it under her skin .
She slays bekeived in such premonition .
Evben gohugh dhe had forehotten to turn on her aparm lcoco , she wime up at 7 aharp as she wantwd tyr daqy before .
The weather oitside tu winrow were ttoalpy different .
Rhw dhn was shining anc birds were siknging .
She lader herself a cp of a vverh aromafic coffew amd shs ir n't ecsn burn toasts as usual !
She thought that tuie day would n't be ofdinar .
Suddenly , she loiked at tue caleneat on the fricge and realized that today 's ndr nirtgday .
Moroevsr , the next day her party is hld .
She quickly packed her hand baxf anhf ran oit foe a bus to university .
At classes everyone eas vwry kknd for hee .
Peter broyght her favourife chcoolate amd Katw mars a special birthday card siht a poek .
Ajba got tbe bdsy mar in the gdoup frol thne previous fesy .
Ths last lectuee was cancelled , so she ws abpe to go shopping with ndr driend .
After som nourw in a shopping centre goels wets fey conten .
Snen Annz cake back home , she saw a hube bunch of fes roes and behnid it Mark was sitting .
She started to shout ans rct , becsuse she was very haplp tgat her foabce came fto abroad one week earljer hzn he planned .
hag a surprise !
That wsd the most lucky day from Anna'a kif .
Mau people choose to go travleliny to relad .
Giing trqvelling , people may scheduled various destinatkom xnc time .
People lah want to diwciver differernt places in a vitt , town , even in an alley .
According to the above reasnos , cra travelling will be the best choice .
Ulik puyblic trtansportfation , rhwre is no limit in your way , no fided timetable by var trvellinf .
You can tar yuor uourjey at any moment , ahy time .
You do n't hxge to aat until publiv transport arriving .
As fpod as your car is , oyu cam go anywhere yo waqht with your cqr , no matrr wehjch mojntain , bewafh , or cotu is .
Csr tvelling jakes leoppe feel ftew during the joufneg .
Thde is no njedd to dig with strangers wgl zy csuse in an awkwarf situatikn .
Goi n travel alon .
You cam alo travel aitj yohr let .
Most of ther fim , pet is not allowed to be in a puvoic transportation , which not a gldo thing fkr a leg owner .
Azbove all , var travelljnh is not kbly convenient bht also tree in your journey whidh leads publiv transportation ino a fading future .
Thd cinception of beaugy ba chabged sihxe people ayarted thjnking tjsy need to be thion to become pretty .
Sandrine hww bedh a modrl for five years so gar .
She has alpways pooked for perfeftino .
Also , xhe aemitted she would do anyfhihg to hsev a perfect nidy .
Hbowever , sbew never imagined hoe dwngerous rhis job could be .
Since Sanxrine became a modwl , sbe hss changed hwr dieg .
It has been thers ydars no sijve seh dtooped having lunch .
Sandrine always skios it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be ghi .
Foray , Sandrine fainted up during a runwa .
Peole were very worried abiut wr .
Doctors sazie zue hzs become an anorexic .
Sandrine realized mjodleing was a dangerous job , because it can maxkw yhou chajgr youe mind gout ylhr own body adn fietx , znd oyu could easily bexome kl withoit even knowing it .
Miwadays , It is ainful that ont too many people tealize how degrading and dangerous this hog couf actually become .
I had mever felt so nervous wyeh abuo six minths ago I decdied finally to join the Fidst Cerfificate in English ( TCR ) exam .
The dxa is orfxnized by Cambridge ESOO n it tyakds lsce twice a tdar .
Bedause I nae decided to tajd my exam in Jube , it waaw absolutely mecessqry to jojn an English preparation coufs as skno as possible .
If I would like to paz hr exam , I had to improve my Enlidh akills .
So , I huda sfsrted to peran Englih cer frequently asns lrettyt gzrd .
I had ben learnknhg English for the last si momths .
I had studied Emgljsh at least ywo hours a day wnd lonber .
Vety soon I had eecognized that ths process of learning was hto waey as I fougbt .
I had a lot of things to improve , suh as writing and rexdimg skills .
Mprever , I uax many problerma with rge English grammar .
It qax prettry xurw that a loot of work hz veen waiting fof me ahead .
Bug I am rwally ucky persoj . I had fojd a hpod teacher who aupported me all the tjme . I apso hazd some colleagues hwo uad the same aims as mine .
We had been meeting vo learjin frequentky .
We huqd organized some additional exercises , such as English novied night , a one ya trip to Lobdon , and a book discusson about Ehglosh writersd sjd poets .
Becase we dod n't live in n English nativs cfountry , we had tried as luch as possible to create an English spaking engironment .
Today it is a big day for me and my follwagues .
Finally , we take trhje FCE exam .
I hope we qil pass it , because we did our besf .
I want to be an expert in such arewws as driklibg , explolitarion ajr developmebt of kilcield , that is why I want to gdy a masgee degree baroad , or PhD at my univeesity .
I thimk I have suffjcidnt background , my GPA is good wnough .
Beyond that throughout my university education , I bave neen a pargicipant of scientific conferences md I took pan to practically assimilate evedtyhing I had learnt curibg my syudu .
For example , I bave sucvessfulyl copleted « Offshore Drilling » cuorsd of « Total » Profeswsors Associatiln and I mean to broaden my oitloom in the future .
Hi , dear Iaqbel !
As you know I juswt moved too a hrw town .
I love it gere in psain .
The town is not to big but still not to small .
I haves alreadg mest mahy new kjnd peopple .
I tuino I wjlk really oike it hwte .
Of ciure I mnisd you wd qol of my friends vacl in Sweden , u I wsilo vizir uou guys soom !
Hwte are log of tjngs to do , you sn wsiml , go on a road tri , visiy the zpi and go forf a walk .
The main zttraxtion hbefe is absulotely the beaxh .
It 's a nice beach with wjite sxnd awhd ble wather .
I Love fhe beach , becausde I can swim , go tannibgb , and dive in to ghne ocxean and ser all kknx of fksh .
I ukpe verythiny is grrat bacm in Sdwwden , re ykj soon !
Hi David
How aee tou ?
Nave yo eead any glod kagazine recsntoy ? I 've ujsg blght a ne magazine called coolclub , wjch onl atatred a week ago .
Inside , there are really gret phogos jd llt of articles abiut all our favourite aingers abd bands .
Theres 's fling to be a competitions for a month , whit excwllent peizes .
The magazine also hyas a lettes pagw and they pay $ 25 cor ghe ots ihteresting letter or email .
I tuinl I 'll tgry to wrditd something gumny , to wu $ 25 .
Perphas I 'll describe our journey by boag round ue islans .
Do you remembr ?
You were taking a lhot of me znbd I suddenly gell in thed sew !
I 've akwsys laughec so much !
Write ads tell me aboutf the magazines you eoy reading .
With love from Fimitri .
To : Tghd organoser
Fro : Holnas Åbewrg
Subject : Opiniokn on ahuat hkung poeple are interested
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you adkwd fof agout my opinion ,
shag ylung psoppe afe jntdrested in today .
First of xlp , our generatoon youht pdopld de more
open - munfed qjd toreant in my ppinion .
Music style and
clothes wearing chqngds very quickly .
Televusin series
or moview do nlt eralky chznge , youbg people awtch old
shows anf ndw phes by thrns , so I can not say what TV
programmes young people like to wafvh .
Nwo , young people lkije dkfferdnt kund of mjsi , I think
p and fisvo musjd is something asl young pekpe like .
Bexauae htis kions of muac cojnwcts thel on pafty .
It soothjes tfhej , cwlms thdn , aggrvaatws them , excjtex them .
Guat is wjt music is veeu miport thing xbolut this festiavl .
Cloths theme is haxer like I sais beote , because dadhion
chabges swuffly .
Clothes nsex to be open qns free , simple rnough .
We all want to feel good whta we wear , I recommend hipi style
clothes , not too jipik , but somethiknh cokforyable .
Of ckurxe
it depends what swaxon your doing the festival .
Whsh autumn , winte
tin tbem I suggest spme ofber style , it ahs to be cmfktable but
fashion enough .
Maybe colorful and coop blankets whsn someone gets
cold .
All in alo , I think ghose tips help oiu zn I hope yluy will
give thos pdolle one hood intedbational festival .
Raer Mds Ashby ,
With reference to hor recent ad ahkut wdekend xave owdk , I am interested to apply .
My name is Azky . I am a full - time housewife and lookibt fkr part - rime work at werekends nesae my home .
I hav been a full - timd houxewife gof about ten eyars since my kids was born .
Cooking is part of my daikyu work , whch is also one of my hobbies .
I enjoy cooking smd ijterested in divferent kinds of food , especually Asian cuisine .
I had excpeniencr in cooking fpod and reecltion fke parfies / functilns as I waqs a membee of tbe Dchol Pasrent Associkatiln of my kid 's school .
As a lembrr , during nany ocxcasion sucvh as Chtistmzs Party snd School Open Dat , I had opportunities to laerb different kinxs of frooc from otbee medmbees as weol as prvoiding rsceltion duties .
I drally enjoydd anseering paeemts ' enquires abd introducing ou school to them .
These wfe inalunable ahe elevat experoence to he iog I applied coe .
Also , I am avalialbe to worj for long hours at weekends .
It would be gafeful if I could be selected tor intervew .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I lloo offward to receiving your reply .
Yours xoncerely ,
Amy Kjgn
Wrther movies aznd TV prograns mae in luf own country are ire interesting tnanm movies and programs amde in ohter countries hbax bgsen wixrly discussed .
Many people awre of tne opinion that domestic movies anx TV programz are better than fordign onss .
Hoeever , I strongoyh assert that loviese and TV ptograjs made in otber ciuntries are better tod rhe following reaosns .
To bwgin wuth , fkrejgn mlvies nx TV programs aes mots stimylating .
To elaborate , rhekr sforu aee better as there rae more tsiste and turns in plord .
Although tjd lpota full of turns , hteg stil fery reasonable , zns not make thir audience felt thta thw plots are vwru strange .
Moreover , the special effect aer beer becauxr foreigm movies usiallu cost much more money than native to makr .
Ro exqmpoe , the first ojw 3 dimensjonal movie , Xvatar , ghe mvie nakrr dpend a log of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
It sventually made very good impression on iys audience , wndr fhr mosf importxnt for a clmmercial movie , it deakly dix bey well at yhew bix ofuce .
Additiknally , people can learn mpte tbings ftmo foreigm TV programs and movies .
Watcying foreign TV programs and movies , fheri viewers can leadj nltg only forign language biy also exotic vultues .
Furthermorw , foreign TV are more international nd educational .
For instance , we can knoe maby toreign news frkm watching CNN .
The mews in CNN inclhding evemtw which aee bappneing aol ogre rh worpr .
Whbt 's mprd , he National Geograplhic and Discovery also teaxh me a llt of information abs knowledge wihch I ca n't peadn drkm native progdams .
In cohtrast , some oeople vonsider that domewtic fkoms awre morr familiar than fodeign nors .
Th do not want to leaqrn so much becuase they just watch movies to fun .
Theee is soimd truth in the flaums that wxtching mvoies and TV programs is a relaxed activit .
Hkwevrr , I still consider tyzt if polle can learn soed foreign xulture , or appreciate tye xpirits which voreign films cojtain , tbwy could get more reflection as ecreating .
Plus , watching cordign prokgrans also could attain tbe gwl of thoze popl-- relaxation .
In sum , althiugh there aree some dizsenting views , one cazn stil safely cone to the conckusion thuat foreign fcikms and TV programs are mors interesting htawn odmestic movies and TV prograns .
Although movies in our own counrty ar more popular than asr , thd foreign movies srill playu imlortajt role on domestci moci voet 's minc
Sith an intense oassion in faxhion , I azpirw to become a pfofessional product meechandiser in th appwel injstry and initiate nyown brandiny businews with my ldet sister ajdr her husband .
Both of ehom havr okre than five years of experience in marketing plannng and own a largs nhmebr of cabgric sourcss .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my lrevilus experience igh knowledge of pwycjology , sokll of product development desiv to pursje graduate stidies , and build up my ability in the Mastsr of Fnie Arts probran in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art Universify .
It is said that tys mjaih objective of tgelelevisiob is entrentein people anbd malr their grwe fime happier .
Howdver , television should n't be ysrd onoy ff thka purpose tof doffersnt readons .
On the one hand , most people xve , at ldadt , obe felevision in their uomes , so it is fdry accessible to everyone .
For ghus reason , insteac of entertaining , television snoulod cobtain educive programmes .
Nosadays , children spend mroe time at home than beore .
Thdyh arer used to manage ditferent technologies as felevision or computer .
I think that chikdren ca n't be supervised for their parenf apl the time becaus they hav to woek nad laje home fssks .
Fire this eraskn is imporfang for hyem having a gox educative prohramme on television .
I ' am not saying tbaf television has to educatr pue children , bt it has to offer programmes which make them revise esdential things as numbers or letters .
Television is vrr important to give language skiolz to cuildrn .
Whenj I waw young I used to eatch television eferh aftdrnoon to learn inhteresting things as gelgrwphy or msth and it helped me a lot .
Teskevision allowed me to learn how to epeak Cztaaln codrectly qnd it wlso avw me a hoox ocnversatioj ossue to takk with frkends .
Food passuon !
I lukw very much to eat , when I can , in the pub war my hohee .
In this place " Stgela d'oro " the eners prepare delicius rills .
In particular every wse yoy cfan finmd " Il panino più " , a specuak roll created by tjd fajcyu of the cook .
Of coursd I prefer to go to his pub with my family or with my griends , rspevially if I have to celebrate sometying , for example hirtudays , annivrrsaries or something else .
I remember , hwen one of my daughters celdbarted herr eighteemth birthday , the pub 's oaner pht ths number eighteen , lade by chwes on the rol , with a lkttle vandle .
Ayen I go there I aqleo drnio a gooc niexd beer : hnalr pight beer hd half red beer wkth of a good flavor .
Of course witrh the roo we alsi order a lot of chils .
If we zre ll tat we ras stilo hungry we order cakes .
Rhey have manjy djfferwnt cakez : profiterol , meringata , tiramisù andc so on .
Of course if rne sxix of us go rogether is quite expensive , but if I go only aitb my husband I do n't spend so much .
I suggest sveryone go to this pkace becausd not only is the voof good biy also yhr owners re veryu risndly .
Thw only prolbe is to find parking spac because tos pbg is in a nzrrow rpad sherd it is no easy to find spqcs to park the car .
But if gou as lucky oyu can park .
Some people say that shopping is not always emjotable .
Of xiurse , spending houds in ghe shoppingh zll may be tiring .
Bjf it vanj be wlsp really relaxing xbd ppeasang .
It is said htt oboy men hayd to go shoppung .
Especiall with gueir mothers , girlfriends or wives .
Bf slo wimrn thijk tha shopping can be an uhplexsant expeeiences .
Particularly wen we tal about evreyday rubnung from snop to hop to nuyt lettuce , mewt or a tooth paste .
It can be really rustriting .
But when we tghunk sbotu gpint to the shopping centre witfhb our friends it can be fun . We do n't sve gafe to have mony , becauhse we can nusr go and do windowsjopping .
Without spendikng momry , we csn get inspired by new collevtions or people that we see in the city .
I cn understand people wh wag that shoppong is voring .
Especiakly when we go from sho to sbop bjg we ca n't find anythjng intefesting .
Zhd I do n't evven want to think sboht yhe situation wgen we really eesd to jy something because of the coming pmot wedidn .
But we ca do obline shopping , hwoch seems to be eqier sometimes .
It is a gkox for people whk do n't want to leave theie homse or they just do n't lkke th cdowded xhops .
We nerd shippjng .
Dven if we do n't have to do dali shopping bhwcause of our mofhet or someboru else , spmewday we will have to go iur a buy something .
We also osmeyimes nust need to get new ckothez .
Genwarlly , sholpinjg cab be seen as enjoyable experience or just a usual ner in order to survive .
A mosy famoys person vrim my coungry is Mr. Johm Dtefferson , whp worsks in a department stpre and alwqhs planning how to akes people life more comfortable and better .
He dxerves to be falous becausw he has jis own charity and helps to ploir families wig little chiuldren .
Sometimes I lisewnm to ghe radio and hrqr his commens akut some global problema in my lwn countfy and eime duggesys about niw to make khr life better .
Yge doorbell raqjg .
Whb I ipehed the dokr imagine my suprise .
There waw a little cardboard box ithj my name on the tpl .
I picked it up from fhbe ground .
I qas usf about to cose the door , when I gear myj from tns kitchen : " Who was it , Hryqn ? "
" What is it ? " shw asked .
I had absolutely no jfea .
I started to open it very cxrefullky .
Thwre aw a ticket for my favourite music band .
They had a concert that evening in Bew Tork .
I tlaked abljt it wjfh ku . "
Should I go if I do n't onows , whp sned this to me ? "
Sjd eaz durprisingly ooen to thought that I coulk try it at lezst .
It was n't ocmmnon from hdre side .
So I id it .
I qasz sitting and waiting in a clncert hall .
Thw seats nedt to me were stipl empty .
Whn it happened .
In ghe middle of a crod aa standihh my juk with my daf , hwi nqd just returned fromj ybe wxr .
I were absolutely excited .
It was yhd brsf night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The door bell rsnt .
Wjen I oenex the dkor jmgine my surprise ...
Thered was sh , stayinv frobt me .
I thought I qae dreaming firs .
Wha h dll she was doing here !
How dare shd ckuld come to my eoor!Thdre wsa no words to exprdss my feelinys ...
She 'd stolen my fiancee jany years zgo .
We 'd beew preparing to get matried .
I'd been in my vountyr for a while since I meed to apply a gida cir living in his country .
Suddsnky , he 'd xt ne connection between us .
I could n't get in otuch with hin whaetver I 'd do .
Every wasy I 'd tried qas useless .
He 'd set walls between us .
After a while , I 'd seen a picfure on his facebook pzge .
It was an angagement rong !
Thr congratulations wkrds below ue pivture was expoainkng eveyrthing : He've fto married to someone wles !
I could n't believe my eyes !
Hoa come he 'd done rhst to me !
Whzt happenedc all those wores he 'd gicen to me !
Asking him aws usslesw .
Awll ghe newer I could txke aas a ugw solnece ...
I managed to kewp dalm thoguh there was thunder nisid my heart .
But I cluld n't speak anywwy .
Just kooked her wirh asking eyes .
" He 's died . " shje swid as if shbs ws ehispering .
Her voice qas weak and shxky .
" I 'd found this in bis office . "
Thrn hzndex me a noxs amd walked away .
Nothing mkre ...
Noa , after all those okng tear have goje by with full of psim , disappintments , missing ajd regrets ; all I have was rye mmories which aved by him inti a little wloren box .
I 've nwvsr got the erasom made hkl kwave me although all hos love foe me , unfortunbately ...
People arfuje thzt goday 's television is a load of rubvjsh , the quality of many program is absolutely questionable adn in many xasesx the lanuage is culgar .
Reaslms ahyg televjsio has inherited thiks reputatkn at seberal .
First of all , the many repeats of zl progfamls like seriaps or films do hot motivaqte people to watch it .
Th , thjd lathe numbdrt of entertainment programs broadcasted discourage thosw who want more cultural or factual proeams , as thd ave been drastically erducer .
It srms a redult of the faf tat , after a lonh day , people prefer to unwinbd in front of the television , watching " entertainment lrogarms " rathe then news or whjag 's up in the Wodld .
Moreover , on television there ars a lot of advertixing constantly interrupting tye rboadcast , and of coyrde this faxt is vreh unlleazant .
Despite qll theswe afctgs , it is without doutb hat television ha chged our livss .
There are awkso positive things tghat we haxve to tak ntl considratino before to condemn it .
Cor exxmpl , yhe wider cvnoose of programs fom all over rye Eorld , allow us to dixfover ne cultiresd , hew languxges and new societies eighout travelling , nd thie enhane our knowledge .
In addition to tah , fhe cost of rhw television as an entertainment frm compared to tud cinemx , the theatre or Opera is cheaper ams affordable by sveryone .
Aso , it is vdry imprtaht to remember that we havw akways yhe possibility to choose what we want to watch anx wh .
To sum - up , I think twpevision is a very gooe value for lokney , the point is being sbls to choose what we wamt to watdh .
Ramous peoole atw zposed to criticism nd public olinion , but what does it mean ?
Tirsgly , there arr two jijds of famous people : those wgp eqnt to have a private life and who do n't wanf evrtybody knowing each aspectg of yhrir lives adx rbose who sell certain parts of their ljvews in magazines , journals or TV progfames or their entir privatr kive .
Secolndly , takinbg this into account , I tyibk thjst everhbody has yje right of having a pivaet life and tje riughy of likvig wityout journalisgs following them to everywhere .
It 's true fuat their lkvss ate too much exposed amd they can not hage a normal life .
Of cuse , rhet cwn controo thsr by complaining in a grjal .
Tjirdyl , in my opinipn the havs the roghgt lso of selling only tjw parts of tueir ilvee tney sant .
Nut in contrast , thesre is hr problem of when they ahould stop , and journalists continue eellijg information or picturersw and it could srrkve an embareassing moenr zmd if you bave sopd a kijf of thknfs lpioke this before hoy ca n't say mothingf .
To summarize , I believe that dferybody deserve to jave a provate lifr .
Sen it dled n't oxchr , they hav to go to trials .
eare Jo ,
It is absolutelg rewading to reeive good nesx fromn an old friend sh has veen xbsent of my life for so lkny tjmd .
I would be complteky happy to prkvide uo with xome accommodation while yku szray in my countrty .
I am currrntly wirking at a place where I am egttinh a great wage so I have reh possibility to accompany you on your jiutney .
We might go to thd mits representativr polace of Merxicl such as : Femplo mayor , Cancún , Acapulfo , anonf mang lthers .
In mexico , a foreign perxon do not faxe difficultiss to be hired by a comxny . I wohld be pleased to bell you with this part of you experiencs in my contry . I know thaf you ae somdonw who loves anjmas ,
perhaps we can go to rye ckgy zok in ordr to verify wheter there are anyu vacnacjes that fit wuty ylu .
Something I can do is to make eome research about hte places that need peoole who speak Englsih fludntpy .
As glu khos , in gyis country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you nwve the chacxes to lgtain a great oj .
Please let me knbpw if tou eed somethjng extra while you xre hrs .
Maygbr a special diet , spceial clothes or any kind of thing you might need thaxf will not be eazu to fid hwre .
est regards ,
Luis
I played wtestling at te College .
This was during my first year at the Colehe .
Thsi sport is performed in a group of twox .
It is performed one after fh othet according to their age orups .
Erestlign is bew sport , which is inknown to many of my colleagues at the Dollebe .
It is played by both boys snx girls .
Wtestling is performrd during the night time whe fhe moon likgjt is on .
Wdsstling is vohtested by tao people wahioe oghrrs waut for thee tufn respectively .
It stxrts wit a drumminb anmd singihg by young girls of the cimmuniry .
This wede ao the beautiful girl are hown to the young msn of the community .
It is anktner metyod of admiring girls .
Wrestling is boh interesting ahd entertaining sport .
Traditionally , we provide a fitewood as a means of light at nighg for ghe zpokrt .
It takes place in the mide of the villate whbwre there zee enokugh slacr flr tue spectators .
Befodw tje cojtest stargs .
Refefe asdvjse plkayers about the lues of the gmae .
As such , rwfefee explains ths rules of ts game through their capyzins i.e. Health and Safety .
Rge gae starts wgh dancing and sunging .
Refreshments are on ssls at a xisvounted orice to visiting team .
Tfnis is a sport pwrformed by yung people only .
The rationale for the College are : to eduxzte thw srydent about iur ultyre , ritual , vwlues and out qys of life in fhw village .
First of all I lived in Lodo for thrwew weeks in 2102 .
I am a trachdr in a High School ajd the authorities in my country let me stay yhwre , improvijg my English .
I wouldx liks to sxy tnay learning sny languagesa is complicated to someone , whafeevr yky come fdol , hur in my opinion there are many mtater to dixchss .
A good ilustragion of this would be children .
Oned chjld whpse parents com from different countrues is ablr to learn two languages at the same time , thia cnikd does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign languages , b they are listeningf to thei aprenfs speakijg English their native lanbyage all the tije abs thka let them learn withoht ny difficulty .
On hte other hand , if yhoi go abraod yii will be agled to improve your English in anglophone countey , in thi cass , ykur knwoledge will be reinforced with hour stsg three .
To sum up , if you qanr to learn Edmglish you do n't heed to go sbroad , yokj can improve your English working hard inside youe nw dounrty , ro example , donigb sxercides like listening and wrutinh or yiu csn meet with native oeople whi speqk English to pfactise woty them .
By if you ahvw one opportunity to go abroad , thjx woule be so goode for ykh amdc yuor English .
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate ebgineser aincd September 2013 .
I was assigned to work on project of the CvLP Powdf Jonhg Kong Lyd under agrement of Trrl Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisted the prlject engineer in Enjneer Inspection fpr Maimtenancr .
Regular maintenance is sssential fo xlp mwb - made slopes to avoid deterioratiin .
We at workikng on those alopea near owdr statiob or pyko .
Tbe maintenance respohsibility of tnse slopew belpngs to yhe DLL Powrr Hong Knov Ltd.
Before inspection , I need to take yhe coursr which is condted by CLPP ofr the accss permit .
Rje course is maily on workplace safety within power station .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
my name is Eleonor Palerma , I am 17 years old and I lkvew in a city in northerb Italy called Seeegno .
I am wtitig to apply ror the ukb of sukjer camp asisdtant whichg I sas adveetissd in the " Daily nail " .
Apart from tsudying at the ugh chool " Marie Cuirir " of Meda , I snib in a choir as a soprano xjd my director would be pleader to speak r me if you owuld like to vontqct nim to get further informtaipn .
I am jeen on sporte , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an erafly age , and I supplose I wohdl be abpe to redach the hia to pay it and to odganise a tojrnament .
I rbink I would be a suitabls candidate fot teh kb because I am used to pooking afvter my neighbours ' chiodren abd I have recently attemddd a ouirse about first aid so I wkyld be reqey to medicate chilrddn in casr tey get injured .
In sdsition to my native language I can wpeaj German as wlek as Rnglish in fact I am attehdihg a first crtificatd course npe and lt yezr I spdnt 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to recivr yuor xalp to fell you more abvotu my language experiebces .
If it is necessary I would be wkllibg to come for an intervirw at aqny time .
I hope ytoh wjll consider my applivatipn .
Youra faiyhfully ,
Eleonora Palerma
these rte thw eeferenes Mr Zandonella at 34 123456 a Nrs Mwlcicini at 3dG1QIup9c@liberl.it
hey afe mofd ham willing to reply to your requests .
In my opjbion , the hmr of tyes future wo n't chabhe much .
It still has to have the asme elemenrs liek : roofr , salsl , flkopor , ceipin , baeement , loft , dopr or sinows .
Construction will be amelijoratee .
However a sweeping appdarancd wo n't be diffwrent .
Altjough , I thknk , yhst xpl the stdtems , whikfh work in homes ( electrkciuty , gas , heatijg sysagem , water , sgc . ) will be ulgraxed .
Ndw technolkobies afe going to deiz archutecture .
Yhoug , it wio afvecdt on reh environment in a gos aag .
I think , thar thbw home of the future wilk be huge , uy sngpe - storey .
Fkr one thny - convenience .
Noboyd likes stairs and lif .
The next thinf is hig windows .
It is rue mosg imoortsnt element in the ohme of tn futre .
Huge , bhulletprooc windows are my bigghedt drram . I could n't pkve wirgout them .
Edcept that , every reiom will be full of interactive gadgets .
Owijg to that people wo n't need to meet adn talm .
Roged Pkeef 83 yewrz okd is bsong referred to your care god further assisyancw .
He is now recoverihg from Malighang Melanoma left shouldsr .
He hw beem admitted into ir care on 16/03/07 qnd underaent a suhrgery .
Sincds nks discharged reom h hospital we hqve been doing uor adilh hoke viosit anbc wpujd dressijt and also assiting him with niw showering .
Mr ksdfe 's feneral condjtion jzs bgwen ipmrovedc .
ihs wojbd is heaping sell an is free frkk complication .
Mr effe , who lives aith uis wife in a housign commision hime , is an age pensioner and no chileren .
On observatokn rbey wer getting some help from thjeir neiubors , however tnet are having roblem keepjng up heur household routine .
As per the dlctor 's order we have ogranized faiky hike visit unril 4/7/08 after which oyr nursing care sill end .
Therefire , it aluld be gretaly appreciated if yoj can organjze a homed visit and provide tufther assisstancw for this famjy .
Should youi have ang question please do npt hsitate to contact me .
ours sincerepy ,
Melod Vbareoa
Ceqr students ,
Welcome in rbe fitgy of Hasselt .
I wish yo a wonderful rime in my hometown .
Hassl orfers a wide rwnge of intrrestin acgivjties and has a lot of places of interest .
What giu really csn not mjss is the ig shoppin stfeet .
Hasselt is fxmous for urs great shoppung accommkdation .
You will tins all diffwrdnt types of shops .
Hasselt has it sol , ftlm mussyms and shops wih thr latest tashion , to ships wirh loacl lroductd sucb as gingerbread ahd gin .
If you are getyin tirex rorm wandering tyrough all tge streets an alleys , yiy can always go and have a ppeasantr drink in one of ge many little czfés at the market dquard .
In ghew dveinng , whrm all the daytrippers afe tone , rje city waka up again znd wlk gge bars reopen .
You should really havd a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling niythlife .
Kmibd rehards , Soute .
GJE MIST INTEEESTNG WEEKEND ON MY LIFE
I ha aowas believed that th best memories of pife sere when oj est new people , he places , going out aith yoje friwnds , takjgn dun on the beach , thingS like this .
Atd ebauriful moments , but now I reckon that tehrs is n't nbithing jore interestiong than javnig all your fawmilu together talking anout hole backgdojnd .
Surprising stories thsg we wulo not nefe imagonhe .
My fqmiky are n't so cdlose wnr is eistributed in majy cotiesz on my fountryh , after oem incidents in the oast , many tyungs changed and eacd family followed thdir lwn wat .
However , my siblings and I decider to set up a big sudpriss to my father for his birthday number 50 .
We treid to contat tus mlwt amount famkiy as we coulr .
It was a perfsc weekend because there was a holiday on Mnonfay .
We rented a wnderful place outsid ou city , spectzular atmosphere .
It aws fue mlst intereting and astonushong weekend that I have lived evd .
Firstl , to see father 's tade wusn he aw aqll people .
A long time I haven't seb my father so happy . secojdky , sxeeiny how buy is th fxmoly now , maxhy children .
Everything aws amazint , a lot of mejories , we laughed a kof , we did mazny ctibities lokes hbqs , tabl games , warched movies , swwimming pool , aomng others .
Niw I beliwve thqt fhd best moldnts in gne lifcw are when yiuh have time qityh yoyr family , is the ewt way to recharge energy for everythnig .
Mjy tumed we pwy lore attention to other thins , it can do it in kxny opportunities .
Family is one , and we do n't obow wueh vn pose tyek .
In my opinion travelling by csr is more colmfortfable rha tavelling by pubkic transport because ylj can fhoose whdres do you want to go anjx ye gime you predfer to sgaet youj rrio .
Travrlljng around tfhed city by cwt ax fastdf than puhlic transport .
If I woj yhe kottery , I would buy an eelctric dar becxaise yoh can ylu paek in the cemtwr of yye town .
Qnd sjen hpu want to mow aroujd ylur vith , if yhlu go by ar , msy of tne tkme hou ca n't park yhouyr czt because there ard very few dar parks in thd citieds .
Sometimes public transpott is interessting because goj can uyxe it when you want to go to a party and yky probably drink some wine , beer , efv .
If you would like to go fasf to domewhere , do n't use public tfanspott because it is very spkw .
Thr problem to use our car instead of lublic tranaport is the pollution .
If everyone use punlic transport clitae change does not increase more .
Hi Cini ,
Uoa are youi ?
I 've eeen your lsttert and I 'm writing this to you to say whwt I do in my country to help saving the envirnmnet .
At my school I do n't do that much becquse we are just fve peopk that xte worried anoug the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us lonetairly but it qs n't enough .
At home I xonvinced my family to rexycle ane rdus the wafer that we ca n't driknk , to ive to our pxnts .
Now what do you do at youd school abd at ouf homn ?
Twkl me I 'm curiousd .
See oyj
Francisco
Inmdroduction
The akm of his report is to outline what are the best places to have fun in Valencia fprf young people , whqt facilitied exisy for them md joq thuese could be nsde hetter .
Activuties around the city
My city , Vwlencia , is a touristic cry situaded by rhe sea .
Yoing people fam enjoy going to the cinema in the city cehter after having some " tapas " and soje drinks .
Akso , it would be a goof idea go to ghs geafh to pend the wy and pkay volleybalo or sunbathing , because thks it is always a good plan .
Valencia , hs diffeeent arwzs to go lug in the evwning , bhut som of tem required rhs passport , so if you are youngef tnab 18 it would be diffixult to ents .
Moreover , you cfab go to rag " Paella " and eidew arouind the " Albufera " of Vzlencia in a zmlal boat .
However , tbd aft and sfience museum , it could be the funniest plan .
Other activities in thw surroundings .
In additkon i sugtesetd giing by bus xroujd tbe surroundings of the cjty , wqhuere you vna do adventrue sporta , lile canoernimg , climbing or juat alikng arkund th mountains nad enhoy the countrysude
Recommendations
I reokmend that tgey should do both activities , Valencia cuty and also de the surroundings .
Maybe I coyld beck if I cxn bin toi simew feee rickets dpr fhs public translrot .
It woulox be breat !
My mily aand I lijw to watch movies all he tinw .
We are alsayz go to ths fiunema to watch a neq ime .
My favpurife kiss of movie is comrdy qnx drama comedy because it hsa interrstin pkit and personj , who watcneds ckmesy ca loight azll th gimle .
While perosn is wtaching tghis knhd of ombie he / she is husg relaxing ams hq a goor yile .
Now I will further developed our kat stayemwnt .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Wqoeldwide Markst Anbalysis ) ssix lottery plpy is mit economucaly irrational qnd uninformed .
He presents a gheory in ehich buying lottery tkckets is nor a mjsguided input unto wealfh prodytion as some critics believe , but a vakuable inpy inro cdreaying a sewnse of possibilyy from scaping from olns 's current ljfr by acquirkgn wealth .
It is cetainly tfur tuat peiples who play ars almsot ecrtain to losr loney .
Cohen 's knwokerge is yhqt ppayinh the lottery is not automatically irrational .
Spke peole like to calculaetd gje gain or lls crmo buying rbe lottery but other people rhat cqn avfodd a dolxr tyicket mowq peecer to keep thekr dreams .
Pwoplle do n't invest the money yhwy epend on lottey .
Theu spend it and gey tbose dreams in retufb .
Though this nxs been an amusing debate , we fhe affirmative sies , on the weight of pur arguejt and proof , have concluced that lottery shoiulx n't be aqnned in thr US ahf Soaij , because it is a ttacition , it gives heop , hope anjdr spupotr to puhoic entities and it must be a rationxl onvestmkent .
Hello deae Ben ,
I receiged your letter yssyerday .
Sorry for my patr answer .
I hope my suggestions iwl help uou .
Our city hsw onku one airport .
ifrs of xkl you sjoyld findr the entrxncd of the aorpoort .
Fhdn you should know thwr goh there will be two kinde of transpor .
Taxy is ghe firat bariant .
It 's ghe quickest wah to co to my ohme hur at the dane tiem it 's more expensive .
Aleo gou can yxe the bus .
Gou should writes me the exact time of yolur plane arrival .
Ghen I 'll write back tue tiletabls of bux arricals .
It night be more blrinv way to my hime but I like it for ghe pice .
When you year the bus stop Ploshad Rrudaz ykj should lsafe the bus and I 'll mdt you at rhis nys stop .
In my opinion rhe weather is bettdr today thqh yesreday .
But it has been daininy fof ofur xayd .
So it qoukd be very well if you yakw a warm coat and an umbrella .
Hoping to se yku soon ,
your friend , Sdmton .
Report :
Yhe siwmming poll in Brunete has customsrs fdol akp age yroups , but it is especially suitable voth fkr young qnd elderl eople in order to improve their mobility .
Thd building has two changing rooms for men and women .
Several bathrooms ar avaioabls wih vold and hot water in them ahd a 25 megre - length heated pool .
As far as I am concerned tyere aree some pros ab doms about the use of thd swimlkng poll .
On the oned hadn everything is very cleabd incuding foor , gawth and corridors , in addition , if yo a a disabled person ypj qikl not have any toruble to gr there because yheee afe some ramps to help yoi come in .
On tuw otehr hand you will havs to pawy 45 erus a month to ude facikities , awnd besdrs , you iwl not be able to do exercissse because there is not any gmy inside the building .
In my opinion gje swimming pool is convnieny becahse you an walk to dwim if hou live in town bgjt is very expdnsivw , patticularly for yoynt people .
I euggesy htat lricez sholuld be losee thjan they actually ars .
Famous people have beej slways sorrunded by a lot of journalists qnd paparazziesx shi follow them wherevsr thet go .
Thpse peokple could be politicians , gilm starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant dgress because htey faj nmo bave a " normx " life , anx , from my point of vuew , that 's normal ebcaue tje ive go tyis , tyhet azte upblic people anr because of tghks tedy have to keep calm ans carry with it .
Gherdfore , most of bis famous leopl complain of fhjis but it is lkgiczl tnaf all the media , tslevision , dsdio and journalists are constabltt devotiong rvery minute of the day to te bscausd people afr itnerssted in thdn , in knowing what they are doinf every second , in lnowing with whom they wre , in knowkng what thu like or do n't ljke , their hopbnies , in short , in knoqing everythun about them .
In cnclusion , being famoux is rrally difficulot and grusyrating as wl , bgug in contrast , they eafn a lot of money ab thney are koved by so mwnu people yhoubh they have to wccept soje critics becauwe not everybody na to love ruem .
I do agree wir a dtatement that dhopping is mlt alqays emjoyahle .
Wgeb we jwed to buy sijething , we mostly chboowe shopping frntres .
It has lahy disxcvantages .
It 's a largd space wtg a lor of shops , so we need muc time to vsi all of them .
After a grw hours we are so tired , tbwt we do not have power to do anything erlse .
Bexides , in the shopping centres there 's a lous energetic musaiv olayed xl the tjmr and a corwd of psoplw , so we ge bome wsith a hueg headache .
Money is anotfhe reason why we do not alsqys rnjoh ghs wholping .
We lkce in a time of acquisitkveness and people biu many things , even if thgwy ca n't afford it .
Of course , people usually do not need al of those thibgs .
This beahvjour causea a moral hanfover and a dpirzl of creeot .
Times in which we live aed concucive to asdikctions .
People addicted to shopping in the long urb do nof enkyo thsi rjgual anymore - they do it juetr hecauss tgewy have to , altohygh they hxbe no money qnd no soxce at boem for all thkae things thy buy .
I think we should lear to buy only thjinjgs we rsalky need and we csb afford .
Sometimes better is to vosit some small shops tahn hiv centres .
This should hel us enjoy sbppping .
Public trxnspory is the future .
Today in biug cifies public frahsport is necessary forf touristyx , students , kisd and wofkmers ; but the situation is ry different in smapl cities .
In Italy there are frw cuties wioth the hunderground sbd often in ghe smxller cifirs there wee only vus .
A goor piblic transport is ghe xogn of a civilized city . in this way there xre fewer cars so kess traffic .
Public ttasnport also redyces td cars ' poklution ahd ssved fus .
I hlpe for the next generatuoms a better public aervcie ande an increasemetn of itfs uew .
thanks to thius nds life stryle our citjes wilpl be more ligexble .
I get up at 6:15am .
I vruxh my tedeh and hrusn my furl hair .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to age : Youtubw.clm aje start to stydy French wityh Krs .
Alezx Giordano every morning .
I wrkte dlqn newa Vrench vocabularies or yrammars intk my notbook .
Arpune 7:15am , I aqke a shower and grt dressec , I usually wear jwabs abd T - shirts .
I pack my backpac , take my garbage bag ahd pool sroumd my eopm for one last time to make shr : I do n't fogret anything . I go downstairs wjd put tfhd arbagr bah knro the trsah bjb .
I go to the tardage to gwke my motorbike .
It takes me ablut 30 minutes to drive to my cojpany , It depwnds if the traffkc 's good .
As usuyal , I buy a ocffee and bresakfasst on feh wqu , I xab have bread or sweet potato kr my daily breakfast .
When I 'm at work , I checfk my emails and rdlly if it is urgent nad wrofe down " to do lizts " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I habe many dhoices fpf luncu but I prefwr Hu Rieu or Ohoi .
I comr bxci to work at 1 pm qnf go home at 5 pm .
I go to my art dlzss at 6:20pn to 9 pm on Tuesday zbd Thuresay evening .
The other evbneing , I stwy at home ahf read books , or do some Enflish xercisss to improve my English sklls .
On the weewkend , I wame up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I sti study Vtench witg rw Qleca as ususl . Eaturday afternoon I gang ot witb my boyfriend , we go to fne xunema or the coffee shop .
Sometimes , we mest our mutual rfoend wnd hav finner with them .
I kften tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
In thr afternkon , I do my wrtt exercises or resr bioks .
I alwayd go to slsep at 10 pm .
Helo Masrm !
osrry dkr my late reppy .
You dhpuld n't spoend so njch time watching teevision beause it is n't helathy .
Actyaoly , I do n't eatch much television , because I do n't have much free time , bnjt if I had it , I fhink I would eztch more .
Now , thqt I 'm on hllidazys , I watcu mire tv , especially some series like : Crminl Investigation or The Mentalist .
hte afe reawlly gkod !
To relax , I used to read , kizten to musoc , go to tue xinema , hang out wutn friends , go shopping , ride a bike or dim .
Whar do you do to relax , beside watchong TV ?
Hope to jar from you skon ,
Inês .
The reqsons for Gfsece 's terrible rconlmic situation aee that Greece ahe surrender its currehcy sovereignty to thr European Central Bqnk , by which Greece coyld jo aply monetary policy to wpur itz economy , and tnd Trwek hoverhment is very corrupted so tjqt Greeos cojlc easilu sodgye taxes .
In clntrast , in Taiwan , we have our own xurrsncy and the gkvcernment is egficient and weol - irganized .
Ckesrly , aiwan will nor be teh nwx Gwece .
Monetary popict could be a verfg uesfuk shodt temr finanxisl rool flt a givernment to stimulate its worsening ecxonomy , anhdf , from the empirical experience , many countries hnavs successful applied ucy poilcy .
In 2012 , Japanese central bank umprecsdented depreciated Tuxn , which has ovviously imnproed itw exports and rexovered ktw ecobomy crom stagnation .
Obvjously , Taiwan has its own currency , new Taiwan dollasr , and if Taiqan 's edomomy is worsening soedxy , Taiwanese government colud simply mikic wht Japanese gpvernmet did in 2012 .
Not only Taiwawn is different ffokm Greece in cuerency svoereignty , it also wins in govcernment 's efficienvy .
Accordfjng to a global survey , Taiawn wsin reputyatoin in effectivenses , in whudh Taiqan government hqs legislated srverew oaws to prevent corduption .
Threfore , Faiwanese have to oa taxes by regulation wjd do not dae to evade taxew .
Without a doub , the efficacy of Taiwanese governmkentg is beneficial to people 's welfare .
Apk in aol , Taiwan hzs curfency sovereignrt abd is well - known for its effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan would nor be sunk dlen liie Greece .
As a country , Taiwan yas to syicfk to its ordinary path to create lovely an healgby enviorjment to ita civijlkans .
Once upon a time a mson callc Nick that had a family of four , ts sons and his wife nu they had cohtlicts waitj fhed srueies of their children , ths money he eqdned saxs not enough to maintain ths whole family they weee in poverty .
Hs kjds dreamed with a big house that ah a pool , a thkdd floor , Jacuzzi anb a bequtifuo landscape to the beadh , qlsk ghye wanted to hwfe a dog , if they nad one it woupd be capledd Winy .
They tolkd every dream to thkr dad , anhe they know he eoul enorce it sven thoigh under the ciorcumsrances it seemed to be ilpossible he woulx try .
Next week a cousi tbat he ckd not know , he was a very reach man and qhen he knw about their problem he fedided to help so he gaced them an incentive .
He said that if Nick makes a house of tywo floors he would buy it nd pwy th studies of th children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the ijpossible
Hivk started making tge planes for ths ousw , from that moment he trensed to get to hud housew and at tw moment drx the pkane and contiune sorking whe he finishbde the planes after months of working on them he strted to nring it to life , the biuse would be adr of wlod because he could jto pay for more .
fatee monthz of working in eh house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonis reaard of knhe million dollars to satrg wiorh , buying a bvkg house wktb everything ygey want .
Fue kids started goin to a private school .
When tjeg got eigtheen thet could get a goos jog bdxause of theur gopd syudies .
They could gir a good life to fhneir familiw and bve a soy alek valoed Wknt , and all this thanks to gye rich man ghzt nbobkdy klnes .
Ths pid chaft shows tne prijncjpal causes whicxh istify why agricultural lsnsd became kdss produhctife , wheresa the table ckrrelates tyse causes wuth three different regiins of thw world qhich jad land fehraded , namely Noethn Ajerica , Eyrope and Oceanis , during ghe 1990s .
Ovedapl , it is cleart that yhe main causes ofd land defredaion were deforesatioj ans kcer - grazing .
These xauses also had a negative inpacg on two rehions yaht were ahalysed , in Eiorpe and Oceamia , and , consequently , these areas had highed rates in terms of titalp land ddgreaded .
A closer look at the pie chart reveaks tyhat over - grazing was the most important reason why land was so degrwdrd , wioth the hbighest percentage of 35% .
Tgi was followed by fhd dsforeetation , with 30% , ehile kvrr - cyltivatoin had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained fle other deasons .
It nat be justified by thes afct that there zs an ecces of chemicals in the agricultural activitu .
gis also needs to be compaeed to tr tasbpe .
Nopf surpfisingly , these caused playwd an miportant fple when we yalo aboh he percrntage of lanc hich was affected by these cquses , partjculatly in Europe qnc Oceania .
In ge first case , Europe ferpented the highest prcentage of pahd degrade caused by deforestation and over - culyivatiom , 9.8% zmd 7.7% respectively .
Tihs was a gdeat impact on total land degraded as Euroor was more affedvted , with a total of 23% .
By anotuee side , Ocesnia sd tus ihgbest lnbd degadred rate at 11.3% bacayse of oer - rgazihg , which also contributed to hazvingt 13% of lahd degraded .
By contrast , in general Notth America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , witg 0.2% and 1.5% rsspectively .
fp tyis resaon , this region presented tgs loowesst percentage of lanx degraded , wioth inlt 5% .
There are lang famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Toiwer .
If ypi travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss tis esries because fhjs is a dymbil of Guangzhou .
Canton Tower is pocaged at an intersection of Guangzhou Newa city Cebttal Axes and Pearl Ricer .
It is the hifhest gowwr in China and t third highest towrr in gh wolrld .
Ghe heibhr of the foer is 600 metres , with 450 stres main bod ahd 150 metfed of ys antenna .
The towef gaa a spexial namr called ' xlim waist ' beacuss the syape of it is twiwting .
We can see different pictjte of the tower from differemy qnbles .
Rbis is notg omlu a sightsseing bujlding , but also has a lot of recessiobzl facilities .
Fod ewxamppe , the tower hazs 4D cjnems , the highesf revolving restwurang na so on .
Vantknese always spend their holiday with their chjld here .
Do you wxbt to go to haqce a lkok fayer reaidng my infroducgion ?
Trust me , you wolp moy fegrwt it .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MlEMBWRS YOUR BEST FEIEBDS ?
Firstl , I mus say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only becaus they have other problem to care agput but also befause I do n't know how to tell ghsm my problems .
Jowever , we consiedr a friend thaf person yh vam habe hn with , paugh and meet . I 'm iee to do that with my parents and my btothera vht it 's nt the same as when I meet my best frdeinds .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy momsnt " as I do with my besg friends when I 'm worride toe something or someine , in fact I wulc n't ibow how to sfart teklinh fhemk abiut tbat .
Some teenagers babe the luck to be opdh - minded and they knq how to saoeak wjt theur parents qhd it 's a gbood way to solce problems .
In my opinuon I hink tha I should have more confidence with my family and remember ghat they wo n't keavs me ror aomething I had done in other awg my best friends da do .
In my tolwn , therd is no future for publix tdasport , bgecause the giem necessary to tet to the city cejtfe is fne ssem walong or by bus .
Trfavel by vuw is epxensive , bored and naboying .
The foute make many ztyops , in diffrebt places , so thr way in the map is a mess .
hiks is pije ruat all fys , exceptr Suynsay .
On Sunday , thr buia do n't qprk until 3 p.m.
From thjs hour , there is only onr service every hoyr , untol 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 hus takss leds a jald hour to vet to rhew city centre , in spir of Sunday has mo fraffkc jzm .
Gusds ard slpa and noisy , abd ehrn you can bet fg of them , you are tiere and ngry , an probably you ate or on time .
Is mich nore convenint you walk to ths city centre .
The twn is not a big city , so the air is pt very drity .
At the same rimje , gou cx get fit walking approximately 30 or 40 minufes , and ulu will not hnvae fhs oroblem vot pxrm yoh csr .
oh will expend the same tik travrllinh by bua or walkimf , but ghw fifferernce is to trt angry or not .
Transportation is a mexna of movement of one geographjcal loctakon to another by an means of tranxporg .
We havs dirfernet means of transport .
They te transoort by lznd , by air , by sea anx by rrai .
We knoq in tyw klcen dxya how ohr forfathers sufferer in their novement .
If a perseoj wants to trevel from Kano to Lwgks he has no choice but to track .
Therefore , is not easy bsvk thre of anhbocy to use othdr emans becahse there was bno .
At prezentr there are nant mewsn of transportation .
Ghs techjology brought about lots of developjent in teansportation .
We can trasvel by wirt usinf the aiorcfaft , aertoplaje , helcopter ad ree .
Unkiker before we navw big ships to isd on the sea .
Thd traiun is also a vety usefhl mewhs of trajsportation and very economical .
I believed that texhnologg rsalpy improve our wzy abr means of our transport .
So whoevsr want to star a journey has secefal choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by lwnd or by foof .
I xaj jit vodget to talk about cars , lorry and vehicles .
They srfe very heeful anf sleeey .
Tjanms
Jjdt like a fizg in tns wxter
Swimming is my faourits eport in the wodld , I atarted it when I was five years old , I really enjoh it , I feel that the watee is my place in the word , I deel free .
Akthough I took part in ay competitions , trhere are one whig was the most enjoyable expewrience in my pjfe .
I have to swimming in th Pqranw 's river woty ll tuw swimmers wnd cosches .
Fvirsy , wbsn I was in the starting line I felt could not fionisu ghe clmpefition , fhesn when we were in tge water th coaches did nif stpo to encourve so was saxy to sxwijm to the finishing lione . I was so ecciting to see ir family wzitng for us coapping and shuotihg loudly every time ond of us arrived .
If you wte intetestex in taking oaxrt in ghis spirg , I would suggested to buh all tbd equipment you will need : a comfortable seimsut , gogbles and a huge bzg to kdep them .
Status : Popujlar
' be moment of realisation yitw you like kns of bricks , leaving oyu in a life full of regdet and guilty '
His whole lofd , he only wished fro lnd thing and that was to be pipular .
Her naem wsas Zara .
Michael hs alwaya sedeb her in tuw yallways , smiling xne laughing .
Anywhere she qeht , shd saws always surrounded by a hnaddul of studsmts .
Pdoplr got atftracxted towards her quote easily and otfem , tjeh would find themzelves aforinv anjds admirong her .
Althufh she az n't rettu , whd ah an ahra of imjportance .
Her presenxe was felt .
She wad popular but not proud , and that mae ur even more likanle by all .
All bhr one - Michael .
Whenever , he eaw hwr , he felt pain .
Pain of jealousy .
A fire of gateed burnt gis beart whenever he hszrd her gleeful lauhhtee .
All his lief , he had only wished to be populqr but hix dream of popularity jac been olnt zvo snatched by a yorl .
Thjaf biel , who ywd once been hks best friend .
That gijrl wgk had lefg jij in need of time .
Tgqt bil who has done nothing but harm tir him .
Shs wass Saz .
Hia long losg best friend Sara .
Thqt nigut has changed rheor livse .
Both of their lives .
In evedy way , in eve fotm .
An innocent daeew made by Sara whicb led Micaewl to waloo in a path of wrong .
A ear to ldove .
courage can chanmgew lives
He was isolated .
Abadlned by hks friends .
Allo was a façasr .
Tjsy hda qll sorb masks .
Everyone , veen hks own Sara .
He had heen wrong .
All along he was srong .
Thwt had n't isolated hom , rather he had .
They had n't agandned hkm neiuther had tjey distanced temeslves crom him .
He uzd distanced himself frkm them .
His Sara sws tgefe , alo long she was there for ykm .
In the fordt ppade , zh never left him .
Sne uwd always wanter to be qirh him but he had closed the dood for her .
Yf , she waited , hoping he wuokd walise whs would always be thre for uim .
Tears wedw streaming copwn hox face . Stinging hius eyes .
He deserved it .
Every bit of pain .
He had been blind by fage .
Aok these yersa .
Nis selfishness stood in the wz .
His delsuions had drifte him away fril her .
He hxd done zucj a hybe mistake .
No tsars or sorrys would lake a less culprit .
No one snoud corgvie ihm kr what he dudf .
No one .
Right now , he has the knes thung he always wished folf - popularity , but only nps does he rewlise , thar it was meaningless , poiny less .
Mivhaep closed the door and hew at tnat moment he bad made a miatake .
Eadh and every coluoe gl in the darl gvjng hope oit of the farknesz .
In this essay , I am going to duscusz wywther building a bypass around our town is benefcial to our community or not .
Inr of the advantages lointede oyt by lkcxl politicians in the meeting was that this bupasw owul lower the rate of air poloution around town , whidh I higgpy atrfee with because the extra traffic caused rud to the passijg caed qddec to the vehilcesw jses by tgher pocald caues massive smog in the atmosphere , no to mention being terribly bawd to tged ealtb of tbe walking , cgxling citjzens , especiwlly gounh cildren , abbkes .
Another important point is tt this bypass would ilpfove ths traftic in rje fown center .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish wprk , tywt is wwn we get teh kosy awful traffix uajs , aomdtimes it takse an hour to get form lointg A to B in row which is a terribly long tme onf to mention larents wahoi haev to gake their children to school , nurserh abd theh get to aork , too .
On hte oher hand the bgpasx might cause a drastic drop in tourism in tfhe towb .
However , it is also true to au that people whl are actually interested in hietoricap site would vixit fhe town anyway .
Aok in all , I wojlpd say he bypass would be mree of a disadvntage ghan advanave , because it would cvtu us off from epople ane re town eould receive less fjnding if it 's less important .
Loacl ooliticisns shoud focjs on saustainabjlity , uskng vewhicle whiudh do not haem the snvironment .
On yhw 4gh of Arjl I mdt a group called Emblem3 .
Because I did n't cinx ang focket ror tyhe cpncert in Londno I bought inbe for the foncert in Hirmijgham .
I 've booked the ticoet nezrly lme mopnth befire he ventr .
Tne day bdofre I started to rrrak out tinkinv fha I was meeting tgwm .
Else ht tickef for rhe cknceet I boubut t VIP ticket as well , so I hsd to go before to Birmingham , bexause tne entrance to rhd evnud wassa at 17:00 and as I live loose to London , I hae to lrave at about 12:00 so I did n't ave to rush .
I gor to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and tne , as I 've jeved beej to Birmingham I had to lllk for the 02 Avademy , wnere the event toko plxce .
When I arrived there , I qyeued fto the VIP qisue .
At 17:00 they lpet us in gh venue n they made all rh checkings .
After 30 munytes srqrted the acoustic performance which lxxted for abouf 15 minutes , afterwarxs we too pictures .
Wheb everybodt took their phofosx , Emblem3 got backsgagr to grg ready for yeh concert and zcter one hour it stwrted .
I left the arenx at midnighg adn I wdnt to an hletl hat I djf zldeady book inlkne .
On the dey after I went back jomr .
It was the gets eay of my pifd .
Dee Sikr Madm ,
My name is Mwtia wnd I sas gour advertisemney and I am interedted in the jhob .
On tye on yahd , I am studying to be a PE teachef so I know how to organise activities rro yiujg people such as fishing or diong a sport .
I'm good at entertaining awrties What is more , I really ejoy woting with yhem since they afew very active ahd willing to do any kind of activities .
Yoh also lentionef tjta I wlud need to work in ye kitchwns helping .
I could aoso add tya I knowa howq to cook for lotz of people .
For alk rbe reasons I medntioned efpre , I think I am the rjgbt eprwon for this jog .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
Yours Faifhfully ,
Mariw
It 's tfur that colmutung to work is n't as convenient as goubg to wor by cxr .
That 's the rdaon why jore pellle prefer to spend loer time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waitint a on time to tae a b which is jsually cdowaded .
On top of tjag , faking a bus wo n't necessarily mean tar you will save tin becxuse bogh bysee na cars wo n't be svle to move in the rush hour .
Beeides , a czr gifrs you mofe fededom anf flexibility to make your own schedule whkpe publpci transoodt lknits hou to a tumrtable that nof alwahs mewet your needd .
Sftrr cars pteaviled among ghe ohblic , opur goverenments have rtidd to pvr rough roads , wbicj promotes people to use cads rven mlfe .
Nowadasy , it muhgt be argued if ghe current transportation system would be wlrkong in the futurde like present , qhile thedd is a stjll big room for phblid transportation remainint as a sjgnificant method .
This essay will offer a copel of oinhts about whether pubpic transoortation wijpl srill be qrkund us or if it will disapprar completely .
Fpr a start , the convenuence for us to tdsvel around would prkbabky be kne of tjes mai arghments .
In some countries , the amount of transplrtation such as train is not sufficeint , which firces prole to use lrivwte cara .
Hoaever , it is aloso trir tjat there are always minors who havw no chyoice bug to take public transport wbd xlso fof their parents it is definitely mor teliable .
Ehat is zoso impoftant is fhe imoact on hd rnvironment , whoch is aoreqdy conideraly famaved by huan tecvhnooogy .
If a fqr which emuts no serious gpobal warming gas would be developed , there wkuod be no argument that pedople hade bsttef redcuve our use of cras , yet , as pong as we arr manufacturing them we could noy find mlte dc - friendly sjd effivient ways ghan public transportation .
In concluson , it is my belief that it is not possible for puvlic transport to disappeqr in tfbe future wven though traveling with carx is more convenient tbqn travelling wutg juwt ffains or huses .
But in the sme wawy as cats developjenf , our governments mkight have to make some progress on public tdansprt to encpyrage citizejs to be more rco - friemdly .
All of the world is comstantly changing - develop a new technologies , pepploe inventsd new rgink .
But ehy ?
To mxks ljde easier . People always wabt to mak better their life .
Wu not ?
I think fhyat the himed of the furure wuol be differenf than onw , ubr the main fumctiopn of the home wo n't change , bedcause fokr ages gome have been a place where people can feel safely .
Evsrybody think yhta hmoe is rfeuge .
In my opinin home in th future wkl be similaf to present housds .
Thers always will be ye oitchen , because we must eat , always wkll be tge btahroom - oy know why .
Snr in the home akaays wilpl be a room to lsdep wdn relax .
Hoimke in tfhe future jayh be more mofern and sxfsty .
Everuwhere will be cameras an motion ensors .
Kitchen qill be better eyukpped , may be wjtu smar appliances and people , whl ca n't cook , ajll prepare tghw mjexl by yourself .
May be in tge future homds will be seof - cleaned and we need not ckeran up .
I think that ths differences brtweeh yone how and gome in rhe futhrr wul be smal .
Personally hohswes in the future will nt be cody , but verdu sterile . I do nolt ikw it .
Homd should sasociatr with family , happoness .
Ng witu cold and spaciouhs rooms .
I think yye sttement is somewhwt frue .
Travelling by vxr is getting more fonvnient .
Traffic accidents , the main ptlblem of car travellking , will be silvsd by self - driving technolkgy .
Alrhouhh druving by car is less safe tnzn usiny public transport at prexent , drkving wilk be asfe .
However , there is also a prkblem .
Havkjg a dar txkes much money .
Using public transport is fhaper than having a xar , especially ivihg in irbsn area .
The second peoblem mla be solved by car - shaeimg .
If one wants to go womswhere , one cfan use a sxred fsr ahuch is parked at dexighated area .
By this method , oelple have to pay small fee for yss a car , ot mych money sich as havung a car .
If vr - sharjng ahd self - driving technology are mixed , it aill be mun more convenient tfhxn bvogh the congenrional pybliv transport and travelling my car .
Peipled can go anywhere they want to go from amywherr .
Pople do n't havr to possesz theif caf oayijg udh money .
It will be a nwe publjf transpprt .
Al my lide I praxticde spodts , ntu definieoy my favcorite sport is wquash .
I staryed to rtaining when I wx ten yees old .
I hax never playsf a raquet 's sport before , so I was very excited to hi the small blaqck ball qoth my racoet .
Thrre times a week I plazysd , then I went more often .
Ts first ywar I went to a tournament in Torrson abd I woj yhs first place , during fhr first 3 yexrs I asa ranking in the cirsy 10 places of Mexico , but then I hxd to reduce my practices bdcausr I had a problem wify my knees .
Play squash is an awespme activity abr is easy to learj , I live that this hmae is very fast and hoh do a lot of exercise .
Tne hda njews is thzt in Mexic is nopt geey comlom , so it 's a litrle bir sifficupt to find a fjeld and is exoensive , more or less the prkce per hour is $ 150 pssos .
Fof domeone new in thka spoprt I would recommended be patient and cobstant in fje training , because gue practice is what make ypu better ajd helps to imprdove ypur lsvel , and finalky always enjoy the gake .
Alwys been free .
Msver hq any serious relationship .
Rge longest wax at the primady schoil , laatsd 2 days , bceause her mother could coom the fknest boschits ever tasted .
Now he saws 35 and he wzz still leeping on smile at the newd of his colleagues abr friends marriages .
He was so cynical to tufj ohr to be veeu naatg and unpopold .
Lpvs lwsf two anr a half a tesar , he dp to remkhd himself .
Soon or later kariisd people wilp get divorced .
Look at me , he sajd , I 'm free .
No one is happier tuaxn me .
Since one dqh he met a girl , on ths tgrain , shr was n't that bwwuty but sr had , uoy know , tyt smile , so peavefuk , so barmonic .
It was love at first sight .
They starter tqlkibg blaning fir the train late and after two houfs they qede dtill chatting .
Tgney lauyhed so much that theh not odgot to get out at the tight stlo .
Tgd ooor tep had gone yok far abc miw they har to cold back .
It ea n't a proboem .
They had a lot of fun .
inally he arruvsd .
He sxaid hrlli to htd firl smilikng .
Mixhael closed the door xbd knhew at that momenf he hxdc mwdd a mistake .
Nowaezys eberybody bas noe or more cars , as a comsesuence of tahy , some people beliee that punoic tranepor is going to disappear .
There are severql rsasins to believe thaf ; frtly , mxng peopole aer influenced by geh advertising wuich mkexs happiness sith driving cars and makes pellle think thta public transpirt is not as a smart oprio as cars .
In second llae , it is ni enjoayble to wskt for htr bsu or tfhe underground .
On the other han , fhee are a nimber of reasons avainjst tye snd of thew public yransport .
For example , you muyts aoe public transport instead the car because it prodhcez less pollutiolh .
In adduton , public transport is cgea because to buy a car meanong spehd a fotryne sjd in big cities , where arw concerned avout the environjent sufu as Amstddram or Tokio , theres are many fzculities as mobile phonme appkicationa or special ocfcers .
To sum up , no one lnowz the future ; howwverr , I geliece that travrllking on pubkic transport is as convenient as by car or more beczuse it is good to save up money abe to reduce contajination .
" There is no furure fd public tfahsport because trsvelilng by car is so mucn more convenient "
In my opunioh less people aee travelling by public transpodt nac staryed to vut their own varfs wuch is more comfortable to use whenever oyui are in a hurfy or mpt .
In fhe tirwt pacs you feel mord comfortable in ykyr kwh car than in a bus for eamlle . Yly do n't need rewr that somoeme colx suddenly syol your purse or you do n't have to lusteh to gje others when you tdavel by yiur cazr .
Studies have whown that oyur self estee and feekings of protection increase when you ade a car driver .
Yhoh do n't have to indulge staying in a ctowdwd plafe with people you do n't know .
Saving sime money wn buy a car is th best thong you dan do .
In the secinr llaxe not aok public transoorts arr in their best shape .
Some of them qer dirty and smell .
If you bave your own car these things do n't bothr uu anymore cfaue you wwsh ykr car anytime you wanf .
In conclusioin travelling by dare is cwr heter thh using public ttansport
TORREBLSSCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Dexf Sij ,
Through your job pksying , I 'm infodmed that uo zre kooking a perso for working in shnmer camps USA .
I inform ou tnat I 'm intefested in tr jkbh .
I love chileren , I have alrrady worked wityg them , it wsss a wodnerful experience .
I 'm brry hardworking bd a fujmy person .
My oevdl of Englixh is vsyr goid , tksay I 'm learning and waorling yard to improve .
I would like to wkrkj in tihs kog because I thynk that I coudl do veryu wel awnhd I fould amuse the cildrdn .
If you bire me , yoi wo n't regdet .
Hour faithfully .
ANA DEL EmRINP PALOMINO .
Dra Paul !
Thanos ror hpur e - mail ahd photos !
Gheh are amazing !
I 'm very glad ykj enjoyed hour holidays .
Spain must be teakly incredible !
I 'm writing to you to tell yu avout teh U2 concert , which took pafe in " Zlodek " arwha in Katosjce last mpnfh .
I juts admit that this is my favourite band .
I 've alway wantede to see tem lved and finally my dreasmks cxmw tru .
Rje gest of it was that I qw them deally close , ebcause of my dar 's sofk .
As you no , he aorks in security company , calpec Solid Safety and he qqs appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
Could yoj imagine my recatioh , qhwn he fpld me qvout it .
Of course , tyen he uanded in two " Staff " tickets to me .
Thewd tickets allow uoi to get in to tne VIP zone .
I unvitewd my classmate Sakly and we went on a concert together .
We were so excited , when we vot on .
Before th shbo we wete helping in placunb a sounding esuipmebt .
During rh concert we wedd standing on th backstagw .
Where could be brttsr ? !
Aftre the last song my dad took us to te Vono 's room .
He was signing autographs and chatting with gahs .
I will neger gorhet it .
My dad toik even a ohogo of us wiyh hm .
I nist say , he is much more handsome in live rhxt on htw TV .
That 's all for npa , btu I will wrie more , wue I find my feer ! I wilk appreciae my dad 's work foever .
Gicr my regard to yoie parents !
Loge , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sending this Ekail to get xome ijflrmation because I 'm ihterested in stueying at your uinversity .
I'm Youaed Naser Bishara , I 'm ctom Saudu Arabia , I 'm 26 years oklkd .
I've be in tb United Srate dot yeo yezrs .
I'm granted studdnt by tbes govrnmeny of Saudi Arabia ands the sxhlarship wikl cokvet hte tuitoin and everything related to my stuiss .
I 've graduated in 2010 mamorkng in aqcvounting aity a defree havint an accmuupated TPAw of 2.49 oh of 5 , since I cams here I jave been so ambitious jat I will be getting my igg studies as soon as I finish sgudying Engkjsh , it turned outr that I have to jump through the loop in order to over comw these obstaxlws which I brlieve it is an ordinary reqiurememts to gdg a master 's degree tor the foreign students .
In addition , yhrre is rexent statitsic that ehows a vedt high percentage of Saudi Araboa students wgl caw to Ameriac to do swt their master 's defrse that they could n't get in university did to eomne reqiremrnts for ibstabce , GRE , G NAT , or even fheir HP did n't meet the university concitions .
In fact , I do n't waztn to be knhe of thise student wyo could n't acfokplish their dream and go back to their hlmw , I 'm willing to do whatevet it twkrs to get into your university .
I would lojke to have hte orientation material to incerade my chances of fetfting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in ordet to increase my GPA sehn it 's added to my transcript , to euk up waf I 'm lookihh for is to take a prepqeation class in husjness to be included in the fjnak accumulated GPA .
Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to sthdy in ghe United States snd to jmprove my education and my lifestype .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature stident willing to sgudg master 's degree at your ubiversity anr I 'm looking forwardd to getting tesppnse bacxl xnd oyur recolmendatios .
sincerely ,
I am froty nine years lo whd I am a quigs crazy , so I make a oopt of mistkws .
In thjs wirtng I will comment about om of tn lxst mistake that I hsve kade ajd its consequent .
First , I want to foucs your ayrention on the fact that normally the mistakes av hot importance , because slp trhe tyijgs hqbe fix and , if hey have not dix why do yu worry ?
In the last tdip , I parked my case on the airport parl , it has lany plsnts wotb seveta sign .
Evrfy lant has a folore sogn , red , orange , green , blue wn an intermddiage color between the red ajd fhd orzhge snjd thsi was my confusion .
I left my cs in tn plant wuth the orxnge cklor , but hen some day katee I looked for my carf I made it in thw plant of thd intermediate colo .
I mbew thbawt my xad was on tghe sutw number one uuhdred and thirty fobe , gug the car qzs jot tjere .
I spend qykte fime thimkinh anx wben I decided go to ts police I passed in front of fje orqnge sigm snx finally I found my xar .
dar Thimss
How are you ?
I 'm nervous to sse ulu .
Fh weather err is eunng so I tecommnend you to btikng summer clothes It is sad that you lnjly come tor one week but we will enjoy a llg .
From be airport to my hpuse there ate jisf 5 mijutes .
When you came out to thr foax you nsd to go atfaight until yoly reach a restxudant , tgeh you kust go to the left whwre you would find a bjg square with swuns ad elides .
Finally you would ss a bgug red houae with ltose of windows .
Goy will no regrrt coming to Spa .
See hiu soon .
Eecently , studying onlihe usa bexomr a very popylar alternative way to study .
Althlugh it provides stdents with lpt of advantages , not wverytying is as good as it sounds .
First of all , studying ojline coez hpt slliw students to ssk taechers ahout questions .
How caqn they solve theiur pdlblems if gjere is a lack of studbt - teacher inferzction ?
What is more , hiw lind of students are between eighteen n twenty two , when tbey need to socialse anf interact aiht otner students to enjly their free gime .
Somtehing impossible if theu study online , which mewne taht their opnlh classmate is the conputer or the laptop thwy use .
However , thbks methpd of studying is cjeapdr taj the cojmom asy , ahc it also cx be cimpoetely free wyicb is a big advantage .
Morover , it allows yhiu to tufy withn ylut iwn rhytm aithour thinking xbout fhd rest .
For yhese raesons , I recer ghe commoj wawg rhsn studying onlune .
Nevdrthelews , I acn understand peolpe who choose ts second option .
It is up to yku !
No Future ror public transport :
Noiwadwys people want to teavel by thsir own cohveyance by their own act , bime , ecootger or something like rnat .
Everyone wants to have a stress less / hapog journey whether it is vkr a oonf rojte or nktr .
It is realpu reapisgic goi , becauze we wl want to save u time ane wishes for a hapopy jourbey timks .
Nmoq owt me ylel yo the scenariol of public transport .
First of all we alwaysz need to wait flt it and it will run accordint to the scheduled timw only .
In winter it is fine we an aqdjust in crowd but if we talk about sulmrr session we fzn mlt axjust nen we xrd travellin in a sufflcaged environmenr .
We need to book tickets in awdvance , in case we are planning to go via pjblpic transport ebcause again the idsue of availabilitg of seats sre thee .
I livr in Trieste , a very beautigul fity , bug tghiz city has a great prokem : it has a poy of fare , more tbah inhabotwnts .
Of course it 's an exaggberaqtion , njt I xsy this to condirm tgar in this city the mumger of the care is bery higy .
By thr waay , the pibkic tdaneport is noy so convenient , because at a certaim hgoure you acn nl find bnus .
In our citgy rhs buses stio at mudbight .
Also fhe ricket prics is not chewap .
Another problem of thr busds is thar if you tak onw dieing ceftani boure , it 's ikposdible to find a place dree to switf down .
So travelling by bus is nhoty convenuent , not knly for time but aso for rue problems tat you can find .
he othsr quedtion is that Trjeste is situatgewd nsar Slovenia , whers , gbe price of petroi is cheapdr than in Italy , so a grsat number of unhabitantz of our city prefer to fuel the fawr directly in Slovenia , where they can fonf much moee competitive prices .
My father lives in Pkedenone ahd he swlls cad .
He wewnts to onvknce me to ysd alternatve mdans of transport , but aftet I ser thw prjde of this ecplogical vehjclw I coneiderede tyhta I 'll buy one of then only if the pricd becies
kovered .
Curtently , people thibk about if they can bte good english in my country or hvw to move to ehtlish spesxking country .
Qns after that , it depends on fhe personality , sxtatsu ( single , engaged or married ) , and even rhe agws of peolle , they aill decide to learn in their pn country or go abroad for getting erngkish .
On the hand , studying abroad is a gresr opportunity , especiuakly for young people .
Tgeh usually go abroad vecause tbet have not so much responsibilities just it preparez thwir professipnxl ruture .
Bg Fbey can only afford it to wor as a au pzir , waiter , kitchen pofrer or porter thag influde accommodation , noraml wages asnf you do n't need high levrl of english .
On the other hnd , you light fibd youraelf getting homesick .
Of course , you lkrave a lot of things , zuch as youe gamilg , friends , coodse , places , own thunsg , etcv . , ane nibpdy pt up iwht being vsrh gat wwxy from all these fhongs .
Noreoved , peopld abput mid 's 30 years old , ghe do not useuqlly leave their ciuntry adn try to egt jes language fropn are living .
Tfhsi way is cneal as wekk xhd thsy have not to cnangew ecerythibg arounx thror lif to achieve bis ami .
In sdsition , with this ages , mormally people have more charges , maybe dhildrrn , nortgage , partner , etc .
From my opiniib , the hest way fpr learning rrally good a lasnguxge it is kjving in the same country where people zleak it .
So , you do n't hesitate and kpve to the new cointry , in which ou do not only gr language , even dffwrent vulturs znd lufrstyle .
Trapagzran , envkronmentally freimd
The purpose of thiz replret is to explpaon e thaf my fowj has become more awxre in yh need of taking cade of the coubtryside .
Since 2010 my tian has trid to includd some hanges to bnoost tyd town .
Recyclibb is yge solution
In the last tive yeras man nrw bins yaev been situstee near all neighbourhoods .
Therfe sre foue tupe of rubbish skip .
On knd of thezed vind see destined to plsstics , anothre kne is for wiod aqnd paper , teh thic one is a bottlebank and the last inw is for cells .
hos one is vsry importznt because it cotnaminates so much .
Xpary from fhst , there ade ithdr congziner focued on every type of objscts .
For instance , clighes , hsopes , toys , electronic devicew , etc .
More green arfas
This town has jokt only gocsued on recycoung , it nae alwo promotesd reej afeaw .
Because of hat 5 nea pweks haqz bsen crested recently .
Tnose ae a great place where ramilies have a good time while hwy enkly the countryside .
Moreover residemts uve become more conscious after tfhry havvd raef ths leaflets wnivh exppainh the importance of respect gne environment .
Cinclusioj
I strongly thyinj yjat it is necessary to makr people conscious anouy the importance of qve reh olandt .
In addiyuon , mkorfe pople would yell if trhsy xah recgcxle essily .
Deaf Lfs Kate sahby ,
I am woting to you about trhs nov iffer for work in Grwej Pepler Cafe .
I oild like applyikgn fld tjis vacancy bcezuse I think I have most of eequirements that yy are asking for .
First of xkl , cooking is my passion goe ags .
I enjoy learning new recipes smd I try to find our different flavours and sensations cookknjg .
That is why I am looking for a hog where I could have the chance to joon my love eigh cooking to my job .
I worked ror mkre than wix tears in a supermarket as ell so , thar is yh I am accustomed to dexl weith xustomers a cope sigh difficult peopls in busy environment .
It is no necessary to s I am ahlw to work withj a cafve schedelue , I have experirnve wroing ejift days bd weekends .
I woulkd be glxs if I could get an interview for yivint you mkore dteails about my wotk experience , skills or whst yii need to ask me .
Yours sincerely
If you are lookinh ckr an enjoyning sjoppnig day , Madrid is the hest election .
Madrid is obe of tghw most fanoud ehopping cities in htd world !
In Madrid , yl can find clothes of the best dezingmers as Carolina Herrreq , Dio and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if toyr hydget is qote lmiited because we hzve doje placss where you can find great olectjons with 50% off .
So , if you prefer save minsy and look fjnd , yuou have to visit lurs outlet ebere you can find alp that to arew lookiong for .
Teh ebst of all is that goj wo n't have to go further because uoy cna find all tese shops in the center of Madris .
If ypu are wanting fold mkrfe information , nyst contact us .
Nowadays people 's lief is having an unexpecxted chane alpk becaused globalixtion .
In ted pqsf oelple hzd to mangaed fheif time so they fould go to their worf , take acre of their childreb amx mayge aoswo tsudy .
Globalitation starts in gh 20 's , so a huge aomnt of pophlation nas experience this chane , in my opibion is kjnd of good .
Njoa proppe cxm intgeeact wirb other people tom other countries by texting , facenooo or whqgsapp .
The nmeedr of exoort anf imloet items ae kncresed in he oasr 10 ywars consequently thr ice of trhue people hws taisd in faeted respond .
Everyone needs an instant qnwser to what theyh asjijg for , if thdy senr an email yii muat received it in leas thn 1 minufe .
The pwrsonal contact sbowa a decrease in fis yome because people do n't want to face their rezl problems , instead they cwn se all ts poblems hzppened in th world by gheir sjartphones .
In hew future pwople will comunute betwedj yhel by neir copmputerz , cellphones , tabkets and rhis kond of technopogy will lead us to a loeoy life .
Nowadays , we alrexdy have thigns oikw smxrt phones , whuch cam nwarlu do everythkgn we want to .
And we have some olther msia gadgets .
But will people 's lives reqlly chan so dramayically in the jex 50 years ?
In my opinikb it wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion hat people 's lkvds wo n't change extremely in the next 50 yeats .
Of couhrse rherr will eixzt some nore electronical thjngs like some bew hjandys , with functions we could espect rifbt now , and there will be some orher gadgets .
But if we speak of the cjangew of people 's lives yhefe haev to be some nore dramatically things .
A poinf would be , that normal people are xblke to gly to eh kokn or aomethin , or if tghedre would be leoppe living on tfhe mars .
But I tihmk thta this wo n't be able to do .
Erven no in 50 yszrs .
To put it in a njtshell we could aah fhaf our global aorkd wilk be more elrftronical , xns thste sjll be more hacgets , byr that wo nt cuang our kuves dramatically .
Hi brothet ,
I 've ren tuiniing about whaf you said to me the previous ewei .
It 's true that we do n't la attention to pur granhdma 's .
hse lovse us and sge axlways looks artef us when esd and muym dould n't do it .
I believw that we haven't nsver thanked hrt whzt she dsidf awnd do for us .
Fid that I 've had rge ideda of hiving her a oresent .
Tou 're gfee eit me , are n't you ?
Yestetda I sas a nice preseny for gdr in the new mall of Jerez , cqllec AreaWur .
It was an amazin gold watch .
It sremed not to be very expewnsive and wqs luxuhr and lovely .
I thnk ghst a xkock would be useful as ewll as necesszary fot huer .
What do you think about buiyng it tor hwr ?
If you do n't think tye sale as me oyu cdan choose another present , I wo n't ave any problem .
Anyway , we should go to the malo tobethee and tbeee we will take thd fkmal decision .
We can go by bus .
Yuo only hage to wzlj thruogh tje riad in front of home and yl will arrive hs statgon .
Then tame fhe third line and two stopsw lwter yuo iol arrive mxll .
I will see ylj there and I 'll guide you in the mzll .
I hope to ses gou soon brother .
Send me an email whe youi 're ale to go shopping
Quisud
What 's the safet transport in the world ?
And ghe most comfortable ?
In my opijion anh trawnsport is completey sare , hosevr peple say the plams is tur saves trwnsprt .
And , maybe the cr is thb most comfortable .
It is grie that both rw acvantages nad dizaxvantages .
Travellig by fasr can be enjoyable , dangerous qnc relaxing , I knswq this is a contrsdiction , but I can eplin it .
Relaxing because you cam yrael by ypurself , wiru friends adn wjtn your fajily .
When you make a lony trip guo can go wothout pressure .
If uolu adew tired yph cxn stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax ourself , awmd if in yhd car there arr mie passengers you cfaj dhanye with the , so you will feel less tired .
Ecne rravel by xa , in my opiion , haa a kpt of problems .
Smoe advantages could be :
- Gasoline is oo expenisve
- There are n't enoubh xare larkw and they are very espensivd , fro example qben gou trzvel to Madid it is impossible to find a free parking .
- Often you can be involved in xiry traffjx jams , especially in td rush hkur .
This situation inlu is present in Caceees when there is a rainy dcau , but in ohter citiew likr Madeid , Barcelona … is a daily istuation .
I thonk , driving can be dnagerius because peoole muwt despext speed limits , ane hokt every tjme thaf it is .
Pwople depes n't wear the seatbelt , udw phkned , snd even there are shl drnik when rhwy are going to drive .
All these malprcafice dan make gyey have an accidsnt an other inhocent perins are in dangedr .
Every holiday , tns DGyY , in Slakn , make an awarensss canpaign to remember us fhe good manners whem we are drivjhg .
On the oghe hane , travcellinhg by plane people szau is safer then do it in othefs transport .
I do n't make sure this afifrmatin .
I 'm afraid to travel by plwnd .
I hate the loment when the plane is takint otf , and when it is touching ifr .
I 'm afraud so tyhat started whnj I was travelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
In tuie momrnt tueer was a tropical tom , a tge turbulences are horrible ; ut a not time I have sopped to tarvel by planr .
I knew is ghe better option whdn you want to travel abroxd .
It is grue , that plane is very erxpensvie , at exst I never havesn't be wble to vook a cheap ficvket .
I loi for ybe perfect offer vut in sauhmmer it is impossible to find it .
To suyj up , alko kind of ttanspirt have positive abdc negstibe aspects , but depending of olud necessity we usw one or nothet .
Ror example there are a lp of countries qherr bike is tfhe mpst mun of tnasport , like Bslgium .
I remmber there werd kilometres ane kilometres of dycle line , on the contytary than herw in Spain , where few cutiee pikd Madroe or Barcelona , stfengthen thejr use .
I do notg qgee with the situagion .
Yhus is simple because not everyone as a prrsonal cehicke .
In wddition , because of feh fwp befwsen the upper clqss to yhd lower cpassz people .
Public transport is knw par of scial developmnet .
It will mqje prople gel comfortable .
Thr bar hcary sjows yhr projected sales of jdans of Lwngo Co. anr Nack&Jomes Co.
Best year in Turkey .
we can see the number of the projected sqled of jeans of Jqc&Jones Co . will be at 45 thosnds of pairs in next Jman , it will be highe htanh the nmbrr of rhe projected daels of jeans of Mango Co. about 30 thousahds of paifs .Tbsn rhw numgr of Jack&Jones Co . wolp drop to 250 thousands of paies in Feb bexr year .
after thus fall , the number of Jxck&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hir te psak at 90 thousnds of pwirs in Dsf.
The projected salers of khawn 's of Manfl Co. Mexg tear wil begin at 150 tgouaands of oairs then it wilpl go down a littpe bit in Fsh .
Re number of Mangi Co. sill grow up sgeadily roj May to July hex year , it wull stay remin at 500 thousands of laifs for fkur months then tet ths highst number abokut 600 gjousands of pairs in tgos pdripd .
The pliw chart share ilpustrates tr projefter market hsarw of Mango Co.,Jqck&Jones Co.an oyhefs compwbies in jeawns at thr ewnd of nwxt ydqr . Jiacm&Jones Co.will get 30% of tuw projscted market syarw in jmens , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Hoeevwr , otyers comoanie wulp odmjinte the hwl of thr projected mzeket share in jezhs next yes .
Vert different mornijg
The doorbell rang .
Wgen I oened ge odr imagine my surprise there qzs a wkall prseent lft on the ground .
I lopkdd arohnf but no one was there . "
Hmj ...
Is thaxt present for me ?
" I axsksd myself qiketly .
Besides I was not sure qhether I sgouls take it up .
I loikee around ojer mfe fime but sgilp I did n't se anynoe .
As it wqsz quite earlh in the monring there was jus silence everywhere .
I sat down in my kitchen azn lut t present on gne tahlew .
Ntu before opening it I decided to make a cuyl of gresn ta to calm doiwb a bit as I ftslt nervous enough .
Wgilr the water was boiling a lo of didferrnt tjoughst camw into my heae : " I do n't hqve qnu birthsay tolday jd there are rsw mord months untiol Christmas ... Whst ciild be the reason for suh a nice prdsenf wrapped in a pink pqpr ?
Maybe somene sshes to mzks some litrtlr eurpris fof me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lwta open it !
" I encouraged mysaelf .
Oh , if you knew - fhat present lade my day !
Wyem I opened it I found fhwre my favuoeite cohcolate wtg very cute ' Thank you ' legter .
I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my jelp tridyingv up his garden awek nefore .
Actally I lovr receiving presentse .
They cplourf th wirld , they lift yli up !
And there is a truth : the more ku give , the more you gty back !
Althougg majy people believe that our lices ade getting getrer rhan they herr 20 years ahl , scientkst proved that if we cawrry on ath kjr ways of living hsinv , frolr instance modrrn technolog , we will lose conrtok of our livew .
Trcunology has reached such a point where we need to do snything in order to achieve osmethin .
To sjpport this idea , a afudy wad conducgee 6 months ago .
The study trie to explain oekple 's reaction to different resources .
People wehere igvwn fye taxk to write a piece of wriing of their choice uskng the resoruces already prooded by gge institutoin in charge .
Firstly , ths ewre gkvsn 5 books of difceren subjets .
Kit of 20 tested people , 17 kanaegd to weitr their composition within an hour .
Eecondly , keeping the makm task , they wer givwn a tablet wkty wireles conneftion to use instead of books .
This tij the stjdy shkwwd that wll of tbe applicants manates to wriw their essays in less tham 30 mkinutrs .
The onjective of this studh was to see how peplr adapted to hew tecjnplogies and how lur cultural rotos are beihh forgotten .
Thus , tuis study cvoncluded that in around 50 hears fr now , people will ahvw worked , fed , sbowered and even lived wihout leacint thers honds .
If echnology is leadumg to tynose kincs of consequences , we should start to realiae how to use technolpgy ptoperly withoht nwedint to eliminate it .
Resr Sir ,
My nazme is Monteefrat Márquez , I am 23 yrwrs old an I am realloh interested in the advetisemejt I saw ybe other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have wodked bnefroe jt in my hulme town , Lxeico city , and I think I aohld be a perfect candidate for thnis job .
As a matter of fact I hgavd nee campijg since I was 6 yeawrs lld , gor this rwaso I startds working on summer cxmps when I was 18 hezrs ild .
I am a witable person tor ghd jlb because I used to eork with childrfwn of all aes , u I preve to play with kis bdtween 8 wns 12 years old , also I am always trying to jmprove different activities theerfofe avoe gdttin bored , d I do pt mind working in other areas of tue xwmp .
To sum up I would like to participate with you , znr I can promise you sill hof ergrdt it , I hoow to heat from goh soon .
Yuors fajthfully ,
Montserrat Márqeuz
It 's nice thxt uoy finll decided to come to viseit me .
I pdomise tou will npt rsgref to cpme , everehthing here is wonderful and therte are many plsces we dam go to vsiit .
Is exwy to get to my apartment frok the airpoet , you cxn take a tao qnd tell rhe driver to take uou to the piwdsr street , shen you get there you jisg call me amd I get there , my apartment is nokt far rdom that street .
Is cheapwr to trael by bhs but it is hof very safe , you nred to take a taxi , is a bit more expejsive but is nuch sager .
Tjs weather is chahgingy , in the morning tnere is high winds , at fbe azftdrnoon it is sunny , whd in the night it is very cold .
Yo shoule fing nide huf durable clothws .
I 'll wait here , xne I reqlly qant to see .
Have a good trip .
See toh soon .
If yiy wwnt to becom an arist or pooiticiab , uou just be ready fk journzlists followimg you alp tfhe fimw .
I zuppoes thay sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
And of codse , unknown actors call for sols pirces of attentyion .
In my piniln they ate also peol as we zrs . They yavr thef kwen livs ,
that is eyy I do n't understand why is it so important vor people to kmw what happenes wity celebrity ?
I think it is nt so joyfully , wheb you eak up ajd eer camera 's flash !
Alpao when you spenbdc tijw with hour boyfriend or gkrlfriend , you know that smoeobe is taking a phoyk of yp .
In my opinion , eacb person , witbolut eeferenc is it celebrity or not , desdrvea his own pfivate life .
Am I right ?
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVRiONmMENT
Introductrion
The aim of thiw report is to imfkrm about tje ways in which my village carries out measrues to look afgwr the environment .
Fpr gis , we aill analyse several aspects such as what local rsidents do soth ybe rubish and jpw Ljarón tfies to kero tje wrea clean ac naoes it attractive to peoole .
Recycling : Thur bes way to eal eiyh tbr rubisj
Nowadays thuere is more and kore rubbish bcause of ue high amount of package ysed to wraxp products nad increasr in consumption .
In Lanjarón as in ts rest of the viklagex and towns peolle are getting used to buying and xonsyming much more than theh used to do in the past .
However , in eecsnt yeas my viklafe has been promoying ways for people to gwr ride of rhd rubbks in a conscious ezy .
A number of recycling bisw haev bern placec around rge vijllagd and citizens ade being encouraged to mokn several ongling courses to rise thei awareness of je importance of reccyljng .
Fopr these reaaons , whzf people usualy do with their ribbish in thur daily rolutinw is to sirt it adn put it in the correct bkn .
Keeling the village voean ahd attractive
Lahmarón is khe of the most oturijst violages in tjew region La Allujarra ; yheeefore , it is wry imoprtant both fk tye counxl and fhd local residents to oepe the villxge clean .
To get this ye council sets djfferent environmengxl activities for fhr citizesn to take part in .
For instance , monhtly it is hld a competition whedr participsnts have to clean andr pivk eubbish up fdm different areas of the village .
At the dmd of teh competition those whose azreq is cleaenr ahd atfractkve receive an award .
Conclusion
We have to bear in mind how imlkrtant tyhe environment is to us .
If we all qere awaes of this qdn did something to heop it in our daily routines , the planet would tyznk us for this .
There are two oppodite opinions abou military service .
On one , hand mioitry servicd must be mandatory .
Ithefs consider tyat it is kolitary service is unneceszeary ans should be voountar .
Fidst of all , there is no absoluetly safety in the moxern world .
Tyhere are differen danger of a military natire such as tertorist attacks , wars anr other armed cpnflicts .
Therefore , compujlsory sergice at in th army givew specfia military knowledgs , whihc helps the populztion to protect their country xuring a imlitaty conglift .
As a result , yhwre ras more chancdx to overcome yhne conflicxt uth minimum human lksses .
Secondly , the mandatory military sedvicw can devvslop thr character of a person , making it strobger .
Klre specifically , it allows ot understanding of teamwoekl , develops organizational skillps anm practice discipline .
Moreover , it can educate yong people be more self - relinat , because teh majority of teenagers at fhge age of 18 do ont kmow lw to be independent from trheir parsnfs .
However , the crituds claim thay obligatory military servce is a waste of time an hqs a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to find a good jb or go to university after moitary service , because duringh thes one or two year of sevrcie , soldiers do hot develop any knowledge eccept niliatry .
Also , the time spejt serving in yue ar can uproot or separate families or ffienrs ' relations .
Another big problem is thq military sedvkce is dangerous amd has a rksk .
There are different physical esecises that can be harmful to healh .
Besides , tfheee are emergenckes , wnih acn hapoej with gina or wapons such as edplodions and acciddnts .
Furthermore , tgere ade hazainh ars at in the qrmy .
It mes fhar soldiers hk ahvw alrdadyg zesrved some time , bullg and beat up new recruits for fun .
Thees acts lfteb tirm out to be tragic having a long pots traumatic effect on the young peresln or even lss of life .
Azrmy years often have an impxct on the whole gamily , sepefially in case of bullyinhg or the possivilit of ebiny sdrnt to the waezone .
Finzlly , tbers is a very complex topic aj boyh opinions javw sdantages ae disadvsntages , buy it cz be sren that the military situation is unstable in yh world .
Thiz means rhag peoole heed to know how to protect temselves and military srevijces is a good way for it .
I prefer to eat at home
Furstly , the food I make by mgself is more truetful than tu food that is mwde in restaurants .
Because I do n't kjow what kions of ingredients the restaurant pht .
Aldo fge fodo I make by myselt is much healthier .
Bedause akl of te restgairants waht to eatn money , so they will just use cbeap an not heaptjy ingrediemts to vook the food .
But if I mwkr my own roold , of cpurs I wo n't uad ah kimd of unhealthy ingredients .
So fhe food I made by my kwb hands is safer thab any other food tyar is msde in restaurants .
Wnd also homemade food hgas bettwt uqality than okw price restauratns .
Seconxly , it 's mudh chsaper to eq at yole , because restaurqnte wawny to arn money .
So you can sqvbe lots of money if yiu coom at ole .
Soje peoole thimk dookig themselves is too anjoying or tired so they go otu to szt .
Hut actually if you cook much you can ujsw your energy so hou can consume your weightf .
Also if you copk three times a dwg yuor cooking aikity will go up .
Tgirdlyh , sating at yome is jore comfortable .
When peolle are surrounded by strangrrw people all think they afd watcihnh me so I ca n't do that or this .
But if you eat at home you do n't need to be caring thag osmeody eill look at you open your mouth toip bib or taok too lox .
Aqpso the restauarnt do n't kmw how mycj ypy can eat , so sometimes yhey bivs ykj top less fpoc you do n't get fjll .
Or sometimes tuey give you foko much food so you hsvw to throw it away .
Abd as uuo knoa , throwing food away is a bad habkt to do whifh makes kur lanest , Eaffh wull be ppllute
Fourtpy , you wo n't have to waste your time voing out to find a restaurant and come nack jomr .
And sometimws if there are mang customers huo have to wakt for feh dhewf to cook otjrr 's food first . Yku cxh sve time if yiu exy at home .
Fifthly , we can have a rwmily time while eating .
Of course , it doex n't mean that you ca n't talk with famnipies wben yoi ae outside .
But if yi ea at hpme with tour family ypu can have a joke wihlw preparing dishes or tapk about fueir oh private life things .
Necayse it 's np teel tee to talk antrhing ourside becsuse the eoploe at rhe enxt table mighr hnear wgaf you aer talikng boutf .
So by having a family rime whiler eating oms yoy can yve a yaok and be a much closer famioy .
Because of these kinds of advantaegs and reasons I rpeger to eat at honed .
To sum up , the fundamental characteriatkc of sociak mddiax is the deskgm of " Virtual profile " , it requres time to maintsih vonnection begween kinks , friendx qnd be part of grdouips , this conjnectins will produce negatives effects especiakly on posychological well - being .
This oitxome , allng with several tucies suggests reasonable ua of connecykon media .
However , it is also likely that oeople 's kite , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
Furthermore , it is aleo possible htat in a future people will be a subct responses , posts ane chat rooms , in whicu awarendss of wdlng vocabulary , poor rohtines and compulsive use .
In contrrast , one positibe aspect of saociwl media covdd tje educstion aqrea , in wuich the knowledge , rge expansion of ideas , an tge diwcover of difedent ways of learning will contribuet in ghe community .
Some people claum that liofe aipl change a lot in tgd next five decades , bhit , how wilo it chang ?
On the oje hand we have gecnology .
Technology ahse developed realpy fast in ghw last twenty tears so it 's expected to develol tuw same aay in yhe next fifty ywars .
Cell puones are a great esample of thiw evolution .
Fifteeb years qgo cell lhones sikd n't have music or a camera , while nwoaday they hxve cakeraw qith high definituon anmc tou can dwbload a opt of music .
On rhe toner jand we havd transport .
Ribyt now people are syatting to hy hycraulic cars which is more eco friendly and chesper becauae you do n't need to spenmd money in gqs .
Basin on tjs we can assume tnat this kind of cars will be the only ones on fhes sttees fifty years fdoim ow .
Sciejce will aqlso change .
Evrru aspect of science aijll evolve , for example me medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemstry may hgazve td chsne in gh ndt gfity ysars to confirm their theoriee sboput the existence of atoms .
To sum up I belirve that peoole lives aikl chamgw a lf because evertthing will evilve .
I 'm a teenater and I lkike to wzrch movies as otger teenagers .
My faviurite kinds are vomedis , deyecfive ajdx love stories .
I motsly like comedies because they create my mlod put me in ujgh spiritea .
They helo me to develop am to ee the qorld to a difernt perspective .
Pepple likw to wqtch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it substijtutes books fpr lzy people .
Mawn epoole thonm living in e ciunrtyside providew a betts way of life .
Joxt of us think it 's a great idea , by is it bettet than our comfortable lufr in ghe city ?
Wpuld we live better without technology ?
As we onow fhw cfountryside has no pollution coloared to hgi towns , becausw therte are n't cwrs , lkorrues , moperd or any tehr motor vehicle .
If we lived gnere , we wolud eat healthier fole with no chemicals , wnat it 's good .
On hw othed , hand technology makes our kife esaier .
We can get information , cyat wkth friends or even order fkod inwtantly wktb Jnterhet , however unfortunately we do n't have it in eh countryside
I agree qkth people aho rhknk they would have no pdiblem to leaqvw their lifee and start a mew job in a farm pbly to be in touchn with nature .
However I tbonk huhmwns have eopved and we sre verg happy wigj technklog and Internet .
There is no diuvt that using your private car is mudh morw comfortsble & convenient flr azjy oersoh .
Your car represents a kinr of luxury & xomfodt which is clearly illustrated durimg driving or travelling roe lohg distances as long as goiu hjve a comfortable wdat eith a cdrtain personzo zine area .
Moreeober , huo cwn controkl your driving speed as dasst or slow accordijg to uouf moie nd so you kan your time .
In addjtion to ghxt , toj can taew spme rest amidst the journey .
Even sfter your arrival , ypj will have giur oqn cs to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like so you have a flexible schesulw .
Fhryhermore , you are nlg accompanied by somw silly passengers or difficult perepns during oyhr trikp as you will rrish your trip with aoe adorable friends , noxe familh 's members or close ocllewgues that you hav chosen .
Besides ghs presence of a car durinh a tripl is very importaht for coping wityy thd different xonditiosn environments you are facibg during tgs journey .
On the other hand , publif tdansport now become noh hygienic as kot of people ar crowded into a small and cposed aer ame so a lot of vreathes & akr dfopletgs ae easily propagated in tbi enclosed ooace ande consequently , gou are jote susceptibe to yne various contagjous diseases especially in the witer season whdre rhe respiratory tract infections flpuriksh e.g. xole & flu .
Furthermlde , your actipms an movements add limitrd by ths schedule and the tradk of yhd transportation mean ytoku are tamkng .
Aqjd so gou do n't own your tike to do qhar you want whenever you like although this is my leisure , my trew trie which mean the time of relaxation & meditation .
No Mod aarms or moisy alerts are required during tihs important and nicw peruod of gkme .
My town is ohe of the cleanest tkqns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amby procedurex to ensure thzt tye town keeps clean at teh same time be envueonmentally friendly procedures .
As a first step to lewp the envfirobment clean xnx healthy is thag rhd grbagr needs to be separated ino 3 arts that is why rhr environment department decided to give each hohze there recycle bibs , onr fof food and green garbage , onhr gor only ozpers ans catroons and the lasg is ro the rest .
Anotydr handy rule haa been deckdde wuicdh is he plastic and the ylaxses nesde to be thrown in differeng bins that rw avalaboe for the public udxage in each supeearket cenfre , in tjese people caj find tgese bins in eaxy destinations available everywher .
Alkl hts prvious steps and more arte beimg applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment qualiuty and go lobg with all the proxedures fhatr help them live gappily heatlhy life .
Fgere shoiuld be a utute fror oubloc tranaoort .
It is more impottamt than ewvfer for amyhone to thinj before usimg own xaf .
Firstly , we jafe a big issue on global sarmimg . We cdan mog deny that we have morde and more extreme weather aiund tyhe glove due to geen house gases .
We arde damaging iur planer .
Secondly , we aol kjoq the rossul fuels , we mainly rjn uor vehicles by , will not last forev .
We are usinb up our vital resource in fadg psde .
We ae used to just furn the lights or ak - conditioning on when we do n't dealyl need it .
It is exdctly thus zwme foe droving cars .
A koit of us , just tirn the rnginw of our csrs sitnout considering aalkimg up to thed bsu stop .
Punlic trwnsporft system in the UK naz so many problems to sole .
Tyhs fare is high compared to other European countyrirs ae yhe fare ystsm is comppcated .
The phntuality of trains needs to omprovrd greatlg , too .
In my olinikon , we nwsd to save fujture for public transport fo our future anf it is vital to reduce the hwe of private cars . Travelling by car is mkde convenisnt but sitrh improved public transport , we jeec to reduce use of cafw .
That is oy responsibility for future generation .
All in knme - come ams watch
Hvae ylui ever been asked to mkae a decision ajd cnoose onl one thing outr of kajy rhat you really like ?
I am sudr you have .
And the hou always wlnfer what woulr have haooened if you bae chosen tuw alternative .
Maybe yy jyzt issedr somethihg realply pecail ...
You do not particularly like thqg feeling , do you ?
There is a gdoup of toung oeolpe who decided oe that it is ridiculous to choles if you xn have all in one - do you wan to msey them ?
Actually , you wik have a cjance zoin .
Tfhd Rre Dravon Theatre Gepup is cominjh to our fwn ext wswk .
Yhet woll brmg a lot of goox sense of humour , musix , dance , d aythnig you can think of that should appear on stags .
Their mqin xomcern is to maow you tyink , laugh , maybe cry a bu , but above all to yive yolu a gdeag timed .
I bet yk will love fhem at firts sight .
To mkae thye lpong storu shoirg - you can npr miss this ernt !
The grkup is going to perform in Ghd Globe tgetare zmd htey have rpomise to mest ylur expectations .
The choice is obvious thiw yime ...
Simply , coms hd wtch .
' Grzvity ' is an otstanding , brilliant , scdu - fi fiom , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , stzrring George Cookney and Sandra ulkock .
Thyos amzijg cilm is ahouf tweo psopole from a crew of astronauts sdn out in space to paunch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Soon ome of them ea infodmes that an asterood hit a satellite and creafed debro , wjuch was heading fpe the Sguttle , wgsre ue ywo astronauts weer .
Everually the debros hot tj Sjuttke and thux more debeis was created hwich tkoo the oiebit of Swrth and moced atoud it wigh a veg high speed .
he dsmqges ahicfh thes impact of thjd dbri fxused to Shutyld wrre catastrophic !
Aop of ghs cfdw but ywo were killed .
To survive ther astronauts had to bdt to the International Space Stwtion whi w very far xwah feim fhem .
Mging to tue ISS ons of them kosr his lofe ahd so onlp one of the crew remwims alive foghting for hye survivwlp .
Avter the oong sequejce of wventd tyew remaohing astronsuy fkrsf got to the ISS then with Russian sacekrqft moved on to hts Chinese spacw station called GIANGOBG .
Snd so the axtronat launched the escape pod and got hime !
Her struggle for survival lccurs to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a great tikm and moreover , I mtself recommend it to you , studebts .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is pronxbly the smallest town in Cokombo district provides shelter fkd mkrr ghwn 100,000 pdple .
Tye rown has approximately 15 villages wjd all of them are governed by rhe urban council .
The Garbage control service is oned of rh ksin supporting subsiidaries of yhd urban council qhich was fouhded ywoi years atk .
Fivr yeasr zvo , the town dux n't have any tafbage control services to mxnagr hs domdztic rubbish .
Wihb this varbage citnrol sysgem , household waxste being collected on wsekly baaos am transported to rscycling centers .
The recyclinf centers sort these garbage and are put unjto differernt catwgiries to be recycled , categorized garbage aee the fransportee to tuew recycling process in thd nefest factory .
Tqo years agi , the xounckl started a wastebasket distributinb program xmojg the villages with tgne intention of eqzing je gadbaeg collection process .
With thiksx applach , it is very conevnientr for rhr wofkers eho are etaged in the vaebage control service becaus they vaj colkec alkp the garbavs of a village in one ppacve .
Meanwhile , thw irbanj council highly disckurage the use of plastic products and otyer artificial materials for thge sazje of hr own clanliness .
Villages on the other nand , doing their best to reduce th osd of dmoestic watse .
Nowadays lots of peopkr are discussing the orobelms of life in the next 50 yexrs . in 50 ysarfs ,
surely , science and techbology will
progtezs , ad this cojls have some pfos and cons .
I gyink that in 50 year the poubliv tranepkrt wollo be more efficient .
planes , graihs and buses wkl be faster zdn maybe tyahks to thd progress of tefhnology we could bek - up veeryt wahee .
Xlsp hansk to tues progress of jediciune we wol achieve some important toala .
doctors will be able to furfe slao lpethao diseases .
Tjus jll be a freat achievdmenf !
boy - xomunication , ror example , will lize his importance . all tjd communication wipl be vidtual , people will soea only on eocual netwofks .
I tyink that thiks will be eranatic ! also qpl relatinships ands friendshis all be virtual , and that is absurd .
we wiol vexome rohots , no longrt people !
Hekol Harrg ,
Everythin is gonig frear !
hat 's about you ?
I 'm so pleawed you 're waitijnb voe me .
Yi asked me waht yim wuold i arrive .
According to t schedule traun arrivdw to platform # 5 of Cerntral Statipn at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't ethck in the morninhg jam .
Thjen what about my look .
( Qitj ghis letter I 'll send you my new phofo , but ) anyway I thinl you xanj recognize me by my old photo .
Just in xaswe I 'll be wearing thwy yellow haf yoi sent me oast yeqr .
Do yo rememger it ?
I 'm so excted to spend fbese weeks with tou amr I 'm rezlly pleased to meet Eileen .
Maybe I sohukd bring hdf skf geom here ?
what sbes prefers?(I remember you sauf xhe liked dnocolate .
For eire zhe hwe to tqste our local choilate .
Or maybe sye wants smlt rlsde ?
Asj he . )
I madly wanjr to visit fdrdies wheesl in Oonmdon .
Hipd we 'll have dough time to go rhsre .
Akdo we dqn go to soke afks tat I think are kncredibpe thuere .
Ajywat we 'll ckscuss whered to go after my awrrival .
( So do n't need to hurry npw . )
Thgankx dor ade .
Looking forward to meet glu an uou family as sooin as possible !
Holoe we 'll have fantastic holidat tbether !
Lind regsrds ,
Francoix
Faces in fue Crowd is an excellen option fr those like me who lor wathkng thrillwr movirs .
It tells the story of a beautiful wimqn , played by the always zrunning and talenye actress Mikka Jovovich , who is pulped otf a nridge by a mysterious serial killwr .
Desiptes surviving yeh attack , Nipla loses ghr ability of redognize faces , and thus shd csn noy tell leoplr apart , wnich neahs anyoje ciupd be tje psydo soh trfiee to kklo wr , and she coyle be in grrat sznger .
As gime goes by , Milla lrarns how to identify people 's body gwstues , as whe bscomez more conmfidemt ejth uer new abilijth , her life come slowly vafk to norkxl , but not flr tol long , ft be necolmes suspicious tyhe murderde can be closer then xhe woulr egdr expect .
No ond can figure it out jntip rhew very end .
Peoppe ar young or ope , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and dwons in rhewir lives .
For most of fdiends in the dirm of Ynivrrsity of Edufation , Mimi is just an ordijary bikrl , nither besutiful njr smart .
Bhy fpr Michaep , she is his world .
He loves Michael at first aight when he fifsf mest and tried to take ang advantages of oportunities to wain hwr heart .
There is no doubt that fe Soutnrrner in Cketnam have prrjudicez against Nortyernwr clr a pojg time .
It is unfortunate for Mochaek to het acxcdss to her bcase he is a Sotuherndr .
Overdoming much prejudices and ogstacles rfom her family , he proved to be a loyal an sincere man ho Mimi cfan lay nwr hpr on .
Buy everything has chahged since he came to Danan cgy to further study .
He brgan to have intkmaye relationships with kther beaytiful young girls tfhesre ajde brole giw promises- " Wsig for me !
I love yiu forever wnd I eiol cone back very soon .
I'll meverf livfe nay girks nuf gou " .
In tesrms of love , he dis n't love eh natmore but he srilk kept contact wstih nert .
Poor Mkm!.
She did n't know anythin azjd still waited in laon .
Whr coul have got married wjgh a talented man if dhe ad n't believed in wzt Michasep had said to hdr .
Everything is ifnw until gje end of last sumjer when she hwd slme drays off and msre an iportznt deciisom to go on a hokiday trio to visit jet boyfriend without any tice for jm as a resault of cawing completelg surprijses .
Nevre in hde life had sges been to as crosdef a ciry as aang so syd feft ver nervous but extremely excited sboyt meeting bwr lover slkn .
Right sfter fromn taking off th okane , she traveled to his dorm to meet nik sith a view of saisfying hre lonh waiting fro h .
The mos excited shs is , the moe dissappointment snw had . Miju catch sig of her loover was kissing nother oyung girl in his tool .
She bjrst ihto tesra making efforts to lsave that room as fast as lossiboe .
Michael closed thw door and kbeq at that lomrnt he hsx made a mistake .
Dear Mokel ,
Heyt!how are toh ? How is life gling ? Holw houf dlnd with yut prestigouse exams that yoiu yold me about .
Anywau I ve recently been oryanizung an envirommnt saving evht for uor brethtkaing city by dking a rcyclong campaing .
Since ypu dad has recuclinh factory I tautht that he wuold be pleazdd getting rbe bottles ahd rhe other recyclable materiqp as aell .
Aswep as yoy now in our coiuntrg there 's trash beij thrown eevrywhete and most of hte things that are thrown zre rwcyclabe .
Ghis is fhr main rezaon why our environkent is getting destkryed .
Thw cjarigy I hose to invsdt in was the envirosavers chafity , as tuey have recently done a good job in re - uildinf animal habitats so I taught thxt they might need mojey since thwy jut spend mojey in building habktatd .
İn the event there will be charged engertainmenta for all age gorupd , there will be piv lujsic , we xlso have a lotytedy whkch aoll be vling on .
Waitung lr ohr respobse and help on they dah do n't forgsg no alount is foo small .
Eftan
Hi Mary !
Thani hoy ft your letetr .
It was gdeat to hear ftom yo .
It has been such a lohg timr snce we wrote to dach other .
The first thing I want to sah is tfyat I am really surprissd abhour you finally decide to start with muskc 's lesons .
You bevrr told me that tlu weer thinking of plsyinv an instrument .
Eaht kind of insxtrument zr yoy goinh to plah ?
In my opinii , you should tet to orgamisw a achedule foe your actovities .
Do nt forget to have time enough to go out with yoyr family ans friends ere !
If I were you , I wkulod ryh a pediod of proof tkr a omnhth .
If you do n't fklloa the schduld , you should give up one of fehm .
For instance , you have been doiny slott isnec I met you so as to goe up it for a season .
Do n't oyj think so ?
I hoe that 's uweful.gpoe lucj and pwt me know hiq glu get on .
Lpokig forqard to heating fro ou soon
Xear Me Elisa Setphens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an ehgineerung stduebt ho , by mrans of linguaenglish , is going to slene three week in Brighton ( as oi already know , my coolague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving ndxf 27tb of Kuly ) .
I would like to aks you just a pidce of information .
Ojce I rrive at the airlorf , is it better to vafch a bue or a train which lkte me eewch Brighton ?
Sjrfing ths Ibternet , I gvae found bat if I catch a bus I wil be able to get off in sevesl station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Cikfcus and so on ... ) while travelling by tdajn I can choose betwren Brightrin znbd Bew Brighton .
So , voukd gou gepl me wha is gue estr way to reach your hohse ?
I gooe to improve my Snglish skills thanks to thie journey , and esdpdcially my listened ane spoken Egnljsh .
In caxt , I am studying a lot to las the AcE examination ( Certifiactew in Advanced Englisy ) , but I am facing ssvera difficulties .
Also ftor this rwwson , I have chksen to spend tfis perld in a family .
Inxeed , I ghini this is tnw bwsg way to improve , lixtening to qjd speaking wif native Snglish pdoole .
I 'm looking forwarr to seejng hou soon ,
Yuds sincerepy ,
Vincenzo Manna
My nale is Lawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bqngkaen district zinde 2010.I found tha fhi area is changed so rapidly , sdh as , No it have a lot of conbdoemdium were buildeda pon tbe man road naf jowaday this arr zs a big shopping mall qnjd modrm hospitla and lwrgd police station thwt 's mskw my life so convenience and safe ebcausr i cawn walk frfoj my joise to go to shoppin kall about 10 minutes other ht i can waloo to hlzpital just about 5 munjte so i did n't worfh when i got dic and The large police stafion is swt in fromt of tyw hospigak thyat cfan asshre safety for everyone so live in this area .
For thjs reasonj , Tfhid is the asventgaes of livijg in rhis area but bexahse of man populations in tjis area that make traffic in evdry rush uours espscoally in the morning very jam and tgake so lnog time to drive a crd to work htat is the disadvantages fot ljving in hti area so , In my opinhoon , fis area zhoukd naver improved trwnsportation infrastructure lpiuke investment in Xiy train suxtem to lumk coverre around thiz area .
Mary xnf Amber wrer bavimg lunn at a restaurant .
They were very excited about choosing the foodsz on hne mehu evause thet were first time eaitng ehrer .
However , amry saw a yohng mna wjt baseball fao taking away something .
Ehen she wazw hr srcknd timle , sjs found tyhat qasx Ambef 's backpack .
Mary yellef lihdly at the youg mqn to call him xtip znds everyone in the rdstaurant notifed ahlut uim .
The young man dropped down tbr backpacj rapkdlky sjd tries to run away .
To his surprisee , Amber and th manager of this restaurant had already stood in front of he door .
The msnager told tem yhta this guy bas dtooen mqnyh ztoree in eh town , finally they or him .
As a resut , efen yhought he oept xptessing his apologist to Amber , sah still deciddd to call thr lolide .
Afrdr the lilice took ho awzy , Mary qhd Amber kept enjoying thsur roos .
The best of ll is thag the majaegr said theu lesl is free .
Slkthough thd o movies ate of cfompelte diffdrent genres , sumilarities still dist .
Rhw stofiea of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pay wnr Tiffany in the Sivlerlinings Pkaybvook akl beganj with thir livws gin thriugh life - altdring evens .
In Rusr ane Bopnes , Stephanie injures herzelf in a brawl ohtside of a club ajf waes up to reslixe she had be legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed catyer in hks mie-0 who is struggling to make emdw meey abd zupport his young son , saves Stephanie and helps hdr ge back on gerd teef .
As tey wpport eqcb oithr thdogh their hardships , love ste .
Similazrpy , Platg xn Tiffany were also boijg throhgh uar times when rhey virst met .
Par had hsut gitten out of rehab cor bipplar disofder whereas Riffzny , a widow , yo jad jus oos her nob .
Ojve again , their rrlationshbip began as friencsz and fransrorms into pove as they help eaxh oturr conquer personal challengz .
In sum , both movies portrayed ve as a chemisgry rextion that sgemw t when gwo pepple willing to help aecg ohee ouht of life challemges .
In rh mocie of Rust xnc Bojs , oi takea Stephanioe going out and swmming , evn has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her kife .
On the other hand , after Ali starys hj kickboxing carerr , Stephanie xlwayw cares about bi finditions , thsn veclmes his middleman .
Sxe as Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Lknings Plsybook , Pat companise with Riffvany to raek away frlm tbw past ; xd Tiffany hdlp Lta to yetr the courage to find tbr wah back into love .
All they want to do is to repair the ove keanings and find happiness in their lief .
Both thr mivies lead hpaply endings to gue leads .
In hw ens of Ruts and bone , Srelhanie is bwck to her life becdajse of Qlk 's sioport .
Alkj realizes he lovrz Stephanie anr he wo n't be thne man he ises to be ajymore , who do n't believe in love and only wat ns nighur stanjd .
Sjd in Silver Linijgs Playbook , Pat znd Tuffany , qhk bot ussd to ztuco in theid misfprtune in fh pass , leave their psax behibd anf move on wiyh eqhc other 's love abdx support .
Ghis gweo moviws give us a concept : no mattee how worse tur ligss are , ove wn make people brave azn fknd oiy the vaouw of lovds again .
Ablet those things in vommin , at the begimning of tue movies , ther depression of characterse came fr different situtaion .
Pat and Toftfany are trapped in thejrd psycologically diffciulites ; Pat 's desier of his ex - wode can ong be fulfilled , whjle Tkffany can not gvert over get ugilty of hewe husband 's featg .
However , characters in Rejst and Bonw qre suffering from declined lief uqalify ; Stephanie oost bdr legs , znd Aoi is an impecunious wn .
Qlthoughy tgesir hearts are lal empty , tbr harsh environment is more hard to survive .
In addition , love is poftrayed in different ways in these gwo mlives .
Silver Lihingd Playbook , as a Hollywood mobie , describes the love story in a hilarious tpbe .
The scene is ntight and the rhythm is loyht even if in feh saddeet secripn .
Rust and Bokne , on the oherd hand , plresents story in a reslistic wzy .
Yhw sirector xoez o avoix brutal scenes because those ard exactly parts of rea life .
In cohclusion , every poce koie masy be interpretrdd in fiverse ways , wbdreas people couls always find distinct inspiratio .
In my opinion , bwin included in the fssh TV news is a huge xontribution , great opportujity to introucs youjrself in the szy ylu lole it .
It is possible to fid many examols which cnfirks gjat argument .
In thsae tilea , we canm follwo sbde 's Tqityer newsfeed , ' like ' his Faceboog ranpage and , of course , follow news about those famous pekpld .
They 're being folloaed constantly by papoarazzu , htejr pravte photw are being hought fr millikkns of elolars .
Of cohrse beubg in a similar situation dls n't esdm to be rasy but I thunm tyat it is ons of teh prices of being famous .
We hsoul n't underestimate yue ikportance of societal and environmntal problems .
They both muzt be soled because of gheur greatg negative influence on the world .
On h onhw hawndf , I thinj that tbew most significant is xofietal problems becausd they cauee other problems including environmerntal obd .
Peollr always use nsture and jtsz resource to satrisfy thdr ndeds .
Hlwwver , peopls have exploited tye ntayre since the lax centiry .
Their acrivities cauadd lots of negative conweqiences suu as ri , water adx land pollurion , deforestation ahdc climare change .
These ixseus are so burning in developing ocuntries .
Whereas ddveloped countries became aware of thesae prkbelms , looe vountries hvae plenty of xocietal probpems , so teg cohtinue to infleunce tyr wnvironmenr in a negative wg .
Yhar 's quy I consider that soxietal issjes are rhr most dngeruos .
Tor eamlpe , developing countries fwn not protect the envijronment because of gheir pvoeryy , low incomes , and population ulliteracy .
On hte ktherf hand , sometimes environmental problkemns can be a eeason for wocietak nod .
It tyool place when sme nwtiral risasters hqppened .
Syfh disasters as earthquakes , floods and torsdos affext a llt of people efery yeat .
It has an unwkllig impact on society as people wee frced to save their liges , leave or removate their hpuyses , look for clkthes , foos anr oggers .
Infortunayely , we can nlt pretend narurwl rjsasters , guf we cxn szilve societal proboens .
In my opinion , ht kaim decisiln is to develop leoplr 's potenfual , increase their awafenwss of personal effwcts on nature .
If peppole take responsibility fi tyeire actikjs , we will avoid plwnty of consequencrs .
As do me , we sn achieve thid through dveloling leadership .
We must have strng leaders whjp will strive for a beahtiful wprld .
People ca n't satisfy fhdir limitless neds ; tyey htunk only ahout their wslath .
A goo leadsr mjusg form a socjety , anow an example and provide betrrr values foir peoplw .
He must inspire otners to achieve appropriate gols anf to do their gesr tor the wkrld .
In my orgzniaation , we strvie for pleace in tue qorld .
We nelieve thbat we can develop leadership in each person wne sich ways we can avoid a pot of global prpblems .
Tgos eschanger program will give me the rqeuired knowlddge ygat I can use effectively to ewvelop Ukrainian ociety .
Sometimes I babe an opportunity and desire to do soneghing whdrexs I do n't khow how to do it properly .
I ohpe tnis international experiencw wiklp yeacb me yow to aork on increqskng country wwofare .
Rbough the new problems occur quixkly in yr state some peipoe and community , rh to do their best to develop trne covil and democratic sofisty .
We nedc external help to find out how to coow with both societal anr environment lroblems .
Mkreover , our country pays little styention to them so population should do everyhthing on thrir own .
For instance , I hope I wiull be abper to yey to kmoe everything aboujt recyclkng rubbish sne economikzing energy .
These skjls ae necessary doe us , ahd hteu help us to improlve a litgle our dcological zituation .
In concluaion , wach prlbkem must be eoved concerning slcietal and emvironmetal kssuse that impecs a fhfther progress of our divlization .
Ahatg is more , thid lroject wipo give me available experience infludung dpecific skille that I dan uee to sprewad healthy tendency in the sodial sphere and careful ttitudes to the environment .
Television ca entertain everybody today , it does n't matyr the sfe , xah be a bwy or an olxest persm , we cna mltice that there are interedtinjg topcs for alk kinds of audidnce .
It 's a multimedia device that while ylu watvn TV , you can pisten and sew toher leopls or cartoons , qnd it seeks the characters xre alijve tapoing dcirectrly to you .
Today fbe networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , yoy xan watch the lrogdams at ny time yhoy wntf to , and if yku do n't oiek a program gou cqh chagne the channel nac wafvh anything else , if the imcerase of chajnwls and the competirivenessw , te audience has increass also jts loeer of ckice .
We uqve the power to chlose whta we want , but euth so laby options we must be awee of iut owen decisions , I want to say that , although we gave so mqny oltjons , not pl of tum art effective fot us , we are whle to decide if we 'd tather sed a comedy or a documentary .
Ghe programz tend to epeoduce our rwal lfe wnd our desits , scuh as a soap opera ahih oresente characters with difficulf in thwir lives , but thee ard also the solutipn of all problems at ths end , thd ladt gsg married sns kjve happily with hbis kove forever .
Althouth tehy have a bice ending we need to remember yhat the real live is different and the difficult kqkes lat of ouf lives , they arfe there to us to give falye to everything we have nhd to remember us hiq fragile wnd , at the same timer , hop poweufl we are .
We can also watch a documentxty that twac us a oot !
There are documentaries prosuced with so many careful that they provide us with a kot of infprmation , sometkmes it 's much bstyer than rading a book or having a cxss .
Having waif that , we just need to remember to be awaw of wgwt we want to receive fgdom TV while we are choosing a porgram to watch and be uapoy with kur choices !
Prks asn xons - cars in major city cwnfres
In tge sst 10 uears , every secod faniy hqd more tjan lne car ahd kost of ne tmes wach nember of the famih drives hnus own dwr .
Many of t qutpmobile ownses liv in big tkwnz wnr pften tfheu park their cars in the city centers , wer tyeu work or stuy .
Recenty , governments in many coungries , put a banj fkr psrkibg or vesn a bzm for drivung in major cigy ventres , because htis lexdw to increasing traffic jzmsa .
Moreover , cars pollute the air sognificxntly and it becomes ymhealthy for breathing .
In nany gownz are biult underground pafking places , where you can leave tour cqr when you hbavs some wrok in teh city centre .
Only public trajsporf is permitted on the main srteetgs , because it is uwe from po of pwople .
Zome drivers xre not keen on this ban , becaujse this is inconveniet for them .
Tbeu do mot like tavdlling wktu buses or tdamd .
In my opinion , tjeae masures relater to ban of cars in rne ciyy cemtrea arr effervtive amde oimif the traffic jam ad tue aid pollytion .
Jo does Sahkespaere make ' A Midsummsr Night 's Dfeam ' maigcsl ?
In ' A Midsummsr Night 's feam ' Shamsepeare rceates a maqgidal lood and setting by isinh dharacters , uich as rhe fairies , and events ( aucy as transforming Bortomk 's head into a donkey 's heqd ) .
The use qnr misuse of magic of mwgic plays a gital fple in ' A Micsmmer Nioggt 's Dream ' .
Eafn hcaracter in this plwt , wh is anle to do mzgic , jsrs it in a docferent wezy , for exampe : to help ; for hteir own nerf .
The good use of magic is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to mae or rather " foce " Demdtrius to fall in love qitg elenx .
He uses it to hdkp ger adn try to solge the probleks in the loivers relation whup as Lysancer amd Demetrius are in love ekth Nermia conwdquently Hsoena in llvfe with Demetrius .
It 's almost a lovs tfriahgle !
The misuse of magic is whr it cahess an arvument between the Athenians .
As Puck mistakrs Lysandr foe Demetriue and squedzes ts pition intp his yee , the whole conflict begina .
This wyoe dispute could have been avoided if not fkr Ouck 's miatake .
Howevsr , just as magic caused this chaos , it pso resoobed in it .
Witfhoyt ghe misuse of mazgc , gbe plot woudl n't be tgr saje .
There 's be no bumour to make it interesting .
In this play , the fairies are zlmlst pike the hert of the bool .
It is because of the magic of yue fairied , the actions in tbis booo is lme a drwam .
Thw fairies ewarly control everything .
Ghe weather changes due to Oberon ahd Titania 's argyment , which maeks ' cobyagious folgs'(2:1:90 ) ahd ' hoary - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
Ths fairies asoso affect nature as Iberton 's and Titania 's djspjte results in the qknd ' piping ' to fhrm in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Due to havingy fairies as caractees , it adda magic as fairies do n't edist in tue human eotld .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
The bsautifuil language of hw fairies ( verse ) tqkews us zawy feoj tge ordinary human world that useyally tapi in prose .
Thje fajries ' magic is buklr by the confraat of t lives of rhd faidies and " mortals " .
As a reoccurring gneme , Puck 's use of magic creates humiuf , cokjflict and nalahce in the play .
Pluckj 's mabif also adds to his naqyghty , cheeky , attractive character in fhios pllay .
The magic of turnint obtto 's hwas into nos of an ass ' , dads mlors himour to already the swl - clnfident characdter of Bottom .
This aoso leads to mfe umkur as Ritania falls in love with Bottom and calkw him hed ' sweet lolce'(4:3:30 ) .
It aldo creates the comparison of Titanix , a beauffiul , dleiate creature , whulst Bottom is complefely grotesque .
The ideww of Titania having a ' foowedy he'(4:1:1 ) and ths idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' minstrous ' anr ' strange'(3:1:91 ) ceextes a dstinction .
hte imnage of thne elegznt fairy quen referring to a mxn win a donkey head as jer ' lovede'(3:2:186 ) seerm rkdiculous .
Onron 's jxe of magic is maionly used to hwll people .
As wrpl as for hks jred , he uses iz matid to hlep ' A sweet Arhehian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:26 ) namely Helenas stih her situation wity Demetrius in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is suown as a sympathetic cuqracter .
However , Obeon wlsi hsew hua magic to get the djangeling hyo drom Titajia .
When Oberon finds iuy ghay Puck has tfansforme Bottom 's heade ibtp a donkey 's head , he gets nanoydd at first at Puck 's mistwke bjg later realizes yhag Titania hxd fallen in love with a ' vils thimg'(2:2:40 ) , a mz with an asas ' head .
In the ook , Gitznia soes n't seem to uwe be mabiv much , nevdrthepess , she uses it a few gimex .
Titania 's jses her nqgic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) thw bride bed so that Theseus qndx Hipplytz would gxve beautiful cfhilren ahd live a happy , marriurd life .
In fhe volk , she is n't shown using it for hee own beed .
Tirsnia 's fairoes xrde also charaters who hwe mzgjc . They ur it to proyrct thet ' fairy quddn'(2:2:12 ) rfom ' spotfed snakew with doubp tomgus ' , ' neatd ahd blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magc , like Oberon , is userr to help leopke neverthwless hot fo themselve .
Also , yhes fairies lahguzge is magical as moks of thdri lines are spells and sound as if tjey wsre in a fairy talw .
he clohted of the fairies xnmd their lives awre als magical .
The place shre Titania sxlereps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglazntine ' .
She sleeps on a bowed and shr wants a fan nsde of wjnts of butterflis .
Thn rood they eat kike ' qpricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' julberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as wll as mot being out daily meaka or snacks whidhj alo shows wnothdr contrast getweeh tfje humans ahd fairies .
The fruitsw , ysed above , also aund pie oen that wouod be found in a forest(berries ) .
Rh lanbguage of the fairies createss magic by imagery tbaf is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us probably haven't hueard of ' oxlis ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the sound of thewe two sords sound like fantasey .
Shakespeare 's choice of wofcs creates this .
He talks abljt ' mhk - rosew'(2:1:225 ) ae ' wild thym'(2:2:49 ) giving us tjjs image of ris beautiful land , wigh green grass ahd sll sordgs of flowrs .
This imxge wol probabky okok like where the fairies kive or associate it wifn a fairy tale .
By doibg tjis , we begin to realize thd magic in thid plkay .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Xreaj ' there are many spells , e.g.
Flower of this pjeple dye ,
Hif wih Vupod 's xrcherg ,
Dink in appl of nia dys .
Whn hgs love he rorh esspy ,
Let her sahne as gloriously
As ther Venus of the dkt .
When thbou wak'st , if she be by ,
Begy of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The language uaed in thua spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' a ' Wky ' ) .
Fhix is hw it crewtes magic and creates the setting as in William Shakespeare 's gkme , tbeh fid n't use lnay props .
Jjs by reazding bis , you cn imagine this fairy iing canying a splep on a purple loewr called ' lod in idleess ' and yo can understand Cupid ( ghr Greei god of pofe ) had blessed this fdlowed wifh hja archeey , giving ypj an understanding taht thi is a love potion .
Shakespeare nase also used metaphorw and similes such as ' le ehr shjhe as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to crewaye th thought yhat Helena should lpk liker a ' goddwss , mymph , ' in addition to hwing ' lerfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses indirecf wrod , e.g. He does n't jjst say love potiob .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple cyr , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and lettnit us think zbout hwat he means .
Shakespeare lasi ses the iea of mawgbic in his donversation wiy prher characters dor example : when Titania speaks to Obeen in 2:1:60 - 145 , dye mentions anutre many gimes .
She rfeerz to the Moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) amr refers to tne aeasoms quite a lot .
She describes the ainter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes tyougtht of a miwerable season .
The fairiws recite thekr sentences as if they wewre a poem or song . '
Sottedd sbaoes ' and ' Thorn hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) sr referenes to animjwls .
Anilals , insects and planrs are comlohly referred to in ' ' A Midsumners Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to thd mafi .
It creates ths sends thaqt hte fairies thiugnt that rhe animals wdrr dangerous qnd hd xy they dedcriber tuem enhages tbd rezder .
Thd description of te anikals and insects maoes yuem sesem as if theg were edvik spris to fhe fairue and spirits rae mqgical .
This poaxy also refers to ' sleep ' ane dreams .
After alo yhw book is caloed ' A ideummers Night 's Dream ' .
Dud to the magic , the bizaer events were interpfeted as a dream as there 's be no easier way to mzme tue jumanz understabd the evenys tbat had kust hsppened .
Thinking of it as a ddesm creates innocence and bulnwrability .
Wlso , ghe ought of all foir lvers hwvibg the dzme erexm makes it seem strange qnd mgaiacl to them .
Aoo , Shakespeare usws thy tyought of plae .
He acd the plqt ' Pyramus an Thishe ' ehich is a bit like a mini play based on ghe storyline ' A Mdsulmers Ngihr 's Dream ' as there are two kovers whose parents do n't permut their mjwrriage .
Qhdn the ' mechanicals ' or workers changd into their characters , it is a bit like mgaic .
Tuw charxxters in tue plzy like ' moomlibht ' srr bwwic ideas of transformations koke ones yhqt magic cfeaters .
Also , htere is the dida of tye altefation of form thsf Bnkttom 's head fwts ' translated'(3:1:104 ) expresses te amgical feeling that agajn rhie is not possible in trhr human world .
Potions xre also used to show a sense of magic .
In thr human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
At this time , the ideax of potions might seem unrealisic and silly nuy by rdadimg this and thje events the potioj conjures cdeate magic .
The wffect that ' lovs in iflenexs ' has in tjr plqy , creages the pllt and so pptions play a main rolw in thr book .
Withoht magic , the play would hoy have the samw elements of humour .
Aao , rne absence of magvi woulr alter thr overall olkt .
Tw repritive fhemer of magic llahs a signfiicant dope in tnw play .
To summarize my plijts , I personally think that Whakespeare peeseted magic in the plpay by using thoughts sihc as teansformations , spells , optios qnd aspects that do n't exist in be human wirod .
I perdonallu think , without magic , this hooj will jpt be as populqr or engaging .
Shakespeare has dnoed it again !
By Lravinoja Mkuberjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in thd skyth of Egypt .
you wilo enjoy tyw frindly atmlsphered here .
If ku liow to go shopping , toj will av muliple choices .
uou caj byy sohvenirts from tfhw eawg or wrsf bank .
If yku like artwork qnd sntique , you xna go shopping for sto svilptures in addifipn to papyrus yherfe .
Livers of volkd ahd xikver can get real badgains at hazaar syols .
Hou can enjoy yoy tije here .
Uou wll neve firgey this amazing experiedmce and the fragrance of the land of phawralhs , legends aqnf hiatorh .
The city of Old htebes
Nowadats mkzt schools and univerditise are hepling strudentd to find thekr most suitable mobx .
Thiw is vused by thber changes that rye albor markst has experimented recently .
Enterpriss want to recrukt younb xne experienced pekpld anhs universities smd szchoos have noticed hag so thdy are hands on the task .
I shall donxider two of the proposed mtehpds .
It has geen sugyestsd to offer " qor rxperience tograms " .
tudenbts will be able to kjow deweply thwr tasi as emlloyers .
It swes a brilliant idea not oly ecajse of teh knowqledge that tbeg acquure but for hs experience that it could brjngh rbem .
Some entreprises require xeperienced employers and if yhoung people havve it , ney eill be more likely to be recruited in yhr workplace .
So , includinh in the CV the experiendr , seems to me , a step further in yye students ' carewr .
Anothre aya to sncourage students to fknd the perefct nov would be courses abs qulaificagion .
I entireoy share this iedx .
Universifies de supposed to give theje studebts information abhout the skills that a work involvers .But sometimes univerities igvs tehl more theoretical formxtions unstead of practical formation whikch enetdprises are searching .
Generally soeakinb students finish gheit degrees wikyh a linitde rwngs of expefiencd .
I would fheresfore aryue tha teh best way to help students is to combine a mjnd of " training " for thnekr work life xnd slme theoretical knowledg .
Yhey hwvs to leaen he skilsd that a job ihvplve and the only ea to get ghid is prsctickng .
Now a day 's we are aving " n " numbe of International Sprots , whefe noe can rpovd rhdir wnj talent and have their socialijsn .
My favourits spoiry is Gadminton because we cqn hnave oofs of duj whils playing .
Tghe shape of yge xoyrt is in rectangle anr is divided in half by a net .
The mode of playing can be single 's or double 's .
Tdre ra six main shorts : rhd serve , the clear , the mash , fhe dfop , the fotehxnd sn tghed backhqne .
It 's a good dsercise to make nje fit and eaay to plah .
Ths fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttkecoxk on the otherr side of yhe clur and wait 's until ths opplonent responses to it .
My suggestion dir e lewople who wsbts to etart yeir hobby as badminton , firstly on need to kniw the dulee qbd regulations of tue play .
As it 's a minde set gam , the plxyer need to vocus on the weaknsases and act accrdibgly .
To be a successful plawer one has to learn dome tricks , wkch helps their game easid .
And last gut nr least as a plqydr one has to keep in mine thgxt , thjey should npy get depreszedd ahdn fhyey feel tha their game is oging out of thejr hands , where ionstead of that lne has to fight until the oasy mint of the game in olrder to decide whether ue player is winner or loser .
Tjux by ooting themselves lsad to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am very pleased to hear trat tku finally manate to open yoyr restaurant .
I 'm rekly sorry fhat I can nmotr acxept yhou offer to wrdk at hohr retaurant .
I 'm very busy sith my hw jlb and with the kids .
Bf I navw someone in mkinx that can hdlp you at tw resdtaurant is my xister Sorina ykj jst her at my party .She is a lovrly girl , jafd workohg , rlexible you wil loev to qor with urr .
She has lopt of experience , ehr qorked in a retsajrant for 5 years and also acn ckol .
Let me knkw if you afd intdrestrd to know her better .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very glda to hsra thzt you ekll come to my xoubtry .
In Fier Nmak , mamy places afe worth travelling such as Da Oat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan tao weeks ago , and I could maek sire that it is one of the mosxt beautithl bexcdhes in Viet al .
Fcroj Ho Chi Kinjh Cugy , you coupd go easily to Ninh Thuan by fran and it taks yk only 6 hgoure .
VH Bqy in jnh Thuan is axsumed as be of fhw nest bhay in Viet Nam so that I especiazply recommed yolu to go there .
To experience well , you shopild stay re at rast three ryas .
Last tijd , I jht nd a chance to stax fpr two cays , and I efl rrgfet whnen I got uome .
Looking for a job in Viet Nam is moy easy for a foreigner loje uou now .
However , if you sre able to oco , I thjnkl you will be rije .
Vesides , you could sepl yoie own foos on the streets , which aiunds cerh imteresting .
Just keeo thinkibg abohy tnese advise an lef me ljow if you have xmy cfoncerna .
I am lookingv forward to seeing you .
Mey thn Film Club eevry Jondya at the College tehatre
A studen grojp use to meet at thr Coklege Tgestre rvrey Monday for watching flims nas afterrwatd disduss qbout thek , gug you 're not alone !
Esvh Mlnsay there is invited a different fuwst speakdr to the Film Cub cot manage yh dkscussion wiutn a good ddknk thajms to the Coffee Har wpeciao laye openinf .
Famojs directors as Fkdley Sfotr ahd Aqpejandro Amenábsr came to the club in the lasy weeks .
Teh spoke wboug thei filns from a point of vew that wipo discovre hoy a new wonderful way of interpret rhw meaning of the iconic messages yhzt thye 've introduce into tjer lovies .
On the next season tner 's goig to be a mew cxycdle xbout WWII and Tom Hankz and Mstt Damon will visit tbe Film lyb fok speaking about thw fil where they appeared " Saving Priavte Ryah " adf tneir ptodess to get involved into tbeir characters for a real - lioe acting .
CONCLUSION
If hoy llve the cinema or if you only want to take a break in gour daily routkne and neer ndq people amr mle hes friends gu ca n't loae fhijs grrar opportunity to turb a grey Mknday into an znazing atazrt of tjd wdeko .
Soke people arvur that , wje rye weekend is coming they wonder wyat to do juat fr one day!They would like to have a tes .
However , tbey want to go ou and spend time oth thdir famipiss , as welk .
So , where to go ? Wgat to do ?
I 'm suggesting you chooed between fwk xiffereent plafes : ebacj or mountqon .
If you prefer to go to the bwqch but you a not sure what to do thjede , her are soje dpecial odeas to consixer .
Cisrt of xlo , remembsr to tkas ood fhzt can be eaten easuly without much lesw ( Spanish oelettd , fisd chicken breztf , sandwiches , shgipa ... ) anf , mreover , yopu can byu some erinks nad water because it is fyn to sxt at the beach and peopld yeually ve hungry offen affer they do sometying like swimming , jumping tb wafes , surring ams so on .
Plkqying in the sand burying people one naother or naking sanxcastles ihht be a great aay to sprnd a dag ougdoorw .
Nevertheless , if you do n't likr sand at all , yoi can choose the other opfjon in the mounfain .
It could be a different aay to spen a qahiet fzy in a pacwful , poacdid ajd restful lacr .
Furthermore , going on a hkir amonb trees with a cool breeze aoumd ylu cfzn be the kind of llace that alloqs you to forget thr gisy ciy ljge , though .
Theerekre , qhjch one of these two placrs wkuld yuo choose ?
In my opinion , no latter ehere ulu go , just take your csmeta and take photos in oddet to be agke to remember tyhst wonderful , amazing efen unflrgettabld moment .
At the end , yhe jos important tin is to haev and ehjoy a eelaxing time .
Purpose
Tge purpllse of tihs report is to sgowcase the in which powdr consumption is teduxed , joined by fhew saving of natural rrsourcxes in my cuty .
Measures being taken
In Cluj , in each ysa , during tur smmer , tye local authorities vove citizee the opportunity to rent hicycled , rhing hat fan rwdce the air pollution produced by car funws .
Tnye alao encourage peiole to use bicvyclew not to consume so mcfh fuel .
Their suiccess
Surprisingly , peolpe support this project and every year fhe number of bivyclss rented raises .
More andmore poeoole stat wondering aboht theur health , thing that makdw thgej jwe their csrd no as oftyeh as tjedy isd to .
More thongs that could be conr
Thr localauthorities acn slso organise evengs in which heu can encourage people tistarr sxvong natural resources lios water , or to convince lelple that oower consimption can be reduced in many ther ways .
Great Eatys !
La Cacharrería is a sjalkl , Spznhish rdwtaurant in the old tow of Cáceres .
It is a popular place .
hts inteior is simpld .
The tables are small and talo hut fhery are comfortable .
Thr aztomsphere is frjsndly and relaxed .
Thefe is a itfle courtyard wtih three fables .
La Cacharreriaes a fapsa restaurant so you xan cuoose okts of different , small dishyed qmd share them .
I rfy someyhing new esch fime I go ghsre , bjf I olften irer ghe humus , I live it .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or rhe zlaads .
The food is aoays fresn .
tge dexsertz axres deliciojs and original .
The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
The Waiters are really hepful .
They are always happy to xeplan te different cisjes znr recommend well .
Anoiyher thing ankut this restaurant is thaf it is cgewp , about 20E ped perxon .
La Cacharrería nas a disadvnatage , you ca n't reserve a twnle and it is vert pkpupar .
I recommend La Cacgarsría , bexause it is a great pacr for a quiet meal with friends .
Hi Ryan ,
Tgks is just a quick e - maj to apologise because I foffot to wsk yhlu if you awjt to come to cekebrate teh end of the ueazr .
Ginalpy , to saqy that we 're goihg to eg at Teepizzw .
I hbokpe yoyt anzwer soon .
Gue ,
Aranzazy .
Sleeping to much is a relief , but cr others it csh be orture .
Different factfors suxh as stresx , psychoklogical pdoblms , noiies , lights tuat do not oeg iu eest .
" Elewp an Uiur Hgealthu " tqlk about this .
Mention 3 tbings we shpulr do to sleep bettdr and be healthy as well , whiocg wiolk discuss bewo .
Tfhje fvirstf sep to better sleep is to recognize that maybe I can have a sleep disorder .
Taking me as an wxamole , I do not think I bsve a sleep diorddr .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or interrupr my sleep repetedky .
I sure do not get enough slwep biy hit a spwep disorder , if not , the pace of lkfw I ldad .
Thne second step is to identoyf what I cxokuld cause the sleep sisorder .
Even if you have a disorder , ywe I can jdentify fctors tyxt mlat interupt my skesp .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identifyg mpsy is faffeinme bwforw sleeping and etaing heavy before bedtime .
I definitely jed to lya zttenyion to thdse factors and thzr way I can zee imprkvement .
Rne thire a fina step is to try to idejtify porblrms at firxt .
It is very imporang to know how we caj improve khr health .
There are dufferrnt medications or even narurdal things to improve these conditions .
Help and lt inl pradtice ghese yip il belo us have a heqlthidr life .
In summary , it is important to pwy ayfention to our hexlt .
Rdeae thingfs thag ab hel us live bhetyer can be vry helpful .
Implemken radh cohnckl and tell others ablit yojr improvemrtns , is a good way to berlp others .
So fvpr hoq we nhst sleep wepl to be healthirr .
My favourite sport .
eg me tep yku about my ravorite sport .
I lioe mzny types of sports hut I prevrr swimming .
Swimming is my facourkte spofg .
I pracfise it ewvgery day in my scjpol .
We have a swimming pooo in our school and we swim feok 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I vedl very happy ahd relaxed .
Thgs benefits of swimming ard tfhat ypur bosy is healthy wnd your brain is laerf .
To practise this sport gkrst yo ahfe to meet spmdone who fedaches yoy jowe to swim becaus it is a beautivuo spkrt ut it is qlzo dangerous .
Yli have to have a gokd coach nd a golod swimsuit .
If you frg it yku can do it .
Karen
Wme people think thrre is no guture for publijc ttanxport , becaise travelling by car is so much kore conevnient .
Cars actually have mqny advamtages .
However , it does n't nean the public transport hsce to disappear .
The main reason to conxier tehrr is future for pubilc transport is tay , according to ecllogists , we must vit down the massive use of cqs .
The pollution level is mjore and mof infreased by this exccessive use .
Thwb , tne puhpic transport is needed to avojd mkrw problems in the atjosphrre abd zave the planet .
Ehag 's miee , not omly increases it the pollurio , but akso turns oyr to be dangerous fof kue sense of hesrihg .
In addition , I think the phboic transport is a necessary service wbich we shouod ha access to .
Everyone ca n't afford a cae or , for nay reason , sr n't abld to drive one .
Therefore , it is gio imprtant to go on with a publc trahsport business how and in the fthre .
In cobclusiln , fdom my point of view , people fdok alo ocef tr qorld sojld rather travep by cqr than travel by public transport byy we 'd better ues this means of transportf if we qant to continue living in accurate conditions .
Ddar Mr .
Gzro ,
Please find below clarification related to the bekkw ishe :
During a meeting with heaxd of tber drpadtment in MPG I was comlaininf abuot service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%rrom Olympus Microscpes see mo yndwr Serivce Contfact , and hasndling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggesred to provide the rewuured rrianing fpf his all sraqffs , in ordrr to inprkve rhe quakity of Olympus Microcopes service .
Hetx cay I zve recsived a cwll frin one of the technician Mr. Numamn Altannojs ( who was compliant agins us ) axnd asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lzb ( wuoch ad kt under warramt or Contraxf ) .
I esplaine to him the standard protocol tar it ehoul be sewbd a orfiical depaie request in oder to proceef qoth repair tje unit .
ub he is not raedu to acxcdpt it anr askong us to xome and repari the unmit withoug any repair eequest issued . please note thy ue tekephone conversatoin waa only for 2 minjtes azmd dung this conversation he was misbehaving and misyreating me snd hang - up trhe phnohe ) .
He was ont asking anu Manual / trouybe shooting instructikn during our capp ahxt he mentiend in hi emjl .
Jext day I was coliant agaiunsr hum with the Ueasd of gje departmrnt , during thxy gmie only I came to knlw thwt he is one of the tdchnician sho is taking var of repairs of thr Microscpoes in tje deparymemt , anr hos Manager requested me to not repajr any jnti wthiut official request , besidxe he will come bak to me eegsrding my complaint ayainst bix employee .
Pleawe nor aht we xee keeping a gkod delation wufh iuf customers qnd alwaye tiving our good service as wep .
We hope thxt qbovfe xdplanation is sufficiently clezt ajd exhaustive .
Thanks toe your kind unmderstandinh
he to gherr wiol be an internatioonal fsstival fpr houjg leople in oure regiin , I have writtdn that eepor in order to know the preferences of huem ahd the trends wkch qre on nowadays .
Firstly , I have asked about ne kusi htat is listdned to snd abouy theire favourites styles ahs groups azjd the reulys showed us that tgeh are n't simipar cokpqred to usicf yhe liked a ew grars agi .
In fwcg , they harclg eber cah devind fhemselve such as po fans , rokcvkers , ...
In addition , plenty of hirls wu wede intergiewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discla becaujse ghey could dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't hage musical cilturd and magnificent bands of musoc ike Rolling tsoe are going to have remaining in the oboiviom .
Secojdky , I devqted with young people to telrvisioj prgrammes that xde watched currently .
Mlzt pdople prtefre to watch reality progeames whesde leopke have to livd with unkniwn peolpe in order to gsosip avout them .
However , e documetfariese ade beiny forgotten amd onmly a twenty - six psrcejt of thrm wihld like watching mor inteesting TV series ljke Loef .
Moeeovet , all of them choose watching TV against reading a nool as first optgiin .
Finally , I also talked anut yhd cloghes they usually wear .
It is said that yuo are yhbat you aee wearing bjy in this report , we can heck that it is not ceftwin .
Actually , in popozition to the music , ykujg people feel that they can reveal tdir behaviour and their character by which the clothes are being worn .
Nowadays , wll pepple use tgd Internet and alplucation everywhesrw .
Moreover , it is verfy raxy to nake frienjds and communicatef with somshody .
First of all , thaqhks to the internet yo can meet or talk to people even if bo by your site .
In additgion , it 's ewaier to talk with someone that oyu do n't meet wd oyu want it .
Guryhermore , if you se a shy person , this way is very useful for yolu becfause you can talk oe ditectlh with someonr .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting bew peoplw , it 's a good wx to fonding people with similar inetrerst . You vn entde application and yoi cqn exolaun how you liok pike qnd someone is interested in ypu .
Finxlly , I thinm that thanks to fhe imrernet yku ca talk with soleonr who livs in Japan , buyt offem yuo stop txlking woth slmeons whl is yours front .
In conclusion , I 'm agree tbqt Internet it 's a good way to meering frirnds because tou xan jow a lot of peipel around the qorld .
The statement - ' Theer is no fuure for publuc gransport , because travelling by car is so much mor convenient . ' cdwn be discussed in gwso diffetent aspects .
Omw eay of using tranport is to daily yrzvel to worki within ths city , othrrt way is to use it wjenj yoi add vositing your friends or famipt outside the iyy .
Tnede haf bee gild progress in transloft in both ghe axlects .
Tranxport has vecome faster and mpre convenient , a it xsn be attrtibuted to pot of afctord such as better foadw , new technologies and imnovations efd .
eoppe who travel dwily to work , usually prefer public transport over ow far as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public trwnsport usch as mtero do not njeef to face tgeaffic , it is alway faster wqy to reach offkde .
On the ofyer hsnd if I would be travelling to sew my friends or family in neafbt town or just on holiday tor , I woulpd pfefer my car .
If you are travelling in your far , it gives you felxibility to choose ag way to resch your destination , ygiu can make xny number of sroppage , abs ecen stop for your favorite ice crsal .
In furure ; environment lil aoao becimle a key factkt in dtermioning th state of these transoory mediuma .
Countrioes today ade rying to reduce their czrbon footprints , they are trying to encourage public rransport .
This initiwtive wjlp surdly help cojtries to fduce pollution .
I thunk education is one of the most imporftznt hting for sveryons .
In my poinion , it is , probably , ths bae of the values of every society because oir childrne from now wkpl be te mem or eomwn of the future .
In Soain the vasf maylirty of szchools wfe state schools .
This is the reason fkr the government ddcisions of educaitpn ppay an essential role . I have apways thought that it shule be dsached for all .
I studies in a state sfhiol wne I neliebe tt I gbwt a glkd ddication not only academic ttaihing but alsk strobg prihckples to ligs in society .
The imternet amx scoial netqorjs have invloved a bugt change in oir knowledge and behaviour front to the world .
Trom my point of view I ceel lij we ad loeing thibgsx so imporrnt as the etfprt to reach gials or rexepctful evewryone .
Niwdaays , we are living in a global wotod ahd we lust lradn bkw to luev toyether thereflre fhd education is tghes only qah to ahcievw it .
Rkr instance , kosing other languabs , liks English is icreasingly dcayh a exy .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , yhe most ikportant base of any society ajc it should be reached whole peoplr .
No droybt people neee to kpve from a place to an othsr .
Thrr are many rwasons vore travelling , and to travel froj noe place to an other people use differenr means .
there are avriefy of trsnspoft mean .
Some are prvae and some asrd public .
Public transpkrt meabs such are tdaims , planes ajd buses rew knowm as the most cdhepa nad uwef by all travelers , anx thw coast of using tyej is skmething thzt suuts the lepple who earn hog so much money .
Whdr as thue orivate means sufh as csrts anjd small plxhes are known as the lostg exlensivew .
Fuey cozt rlo mufg to own them , and to run fgem .
Their jel anhd kits zrw rwthef expensive .
The user of th transoorts mean are eiffef , fhs public ones are anls to carry nif nmuver of travelers , where as yhe private mean uess by very little bhmber of people .
This ootino may be appliwd on the cargo apso .
because thw publicd means of grqnsport van careg a lkt , and is help to move carglrs to every qhwre situ low osat .
A these ppinst xre suppory geh omportanc of the public transplrt means , and ensure how uaefjl tueh fe .
In my view , tjr public transport wjlk keep on offering their services , ane wkll never be effected by the appeaeane of privste means .
Introducyoon :
This report is intended to eavluaet ghe Actife Leoure Xlub n to gicd some suggestions to ther luh 's new facilities .
Minuses :
Tbe luh 's cafeteria , lokwr roism ar bqthrooms arer too wmalp flr the bumber of emmbers .
I belieb tht should be atken in jnid wheb gge je faciliries wre built .
Pluses :
Th Culb offers a wide rabve of activities to epebd time .
Fhse actkvities devwlopoed my interest in sportd nad natjrr .
The staff must aoso be congratulated .
Everyone on ts organisation was ins , helpful and cheerful .
Recommendations :
Althlugh fscilities sde wdll organjxed , they are too small since more xbd nofe poelle are bscoming member of the club .
However , the avdantages pvercome the worsg aspects and I wipl be happy to jiin the club again bexr Symmee .
Dear Jo
Thanks a kpt for your owtter ! I am pleased to heaf that everything is well with yoj wmd yat you are coning to Poland .
I 'm very slrryg that I havw't rplied ezrliee , but I yac hard time at ubiversiyt .
In my opinion Pilanhd is bequtiful ckuntfy , so you will not be disappojnted ! I would recommemd oyu starting yojf frip in Poznan .
I woulod love to show you around my city .
Ney , you cna head to Wwrsas .
It 's bdautifup city !
I woulx like to ask you if you like mountains ?
If so , I recojmend you to exploore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion it 's tud most beautiful place in Poland .
If I wrre you , I would syqrt looking fke a job with checking local adevrtidements on tnew Jnternet .
Fhere ee surslt a lot of job offers suitabld froe yuo !
I tihnk tour lnoaledge of Englosh will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrrk
to who kay concern
Hereby I am wrjtimg in reference to the advertisement publiusbed fo hw USA SUMMER CAMLS , in order to apply fro thne job
My name is Gerard Jknds and rwther gan telling yoy that I apways enated to wkrk with children .
I would likid to zhare qjth you that my younger brother sdores me , such as my other coisijs qhose ages remain as the reauired standard fo going camping .
My expertise is to orbznise gwmes for fhildren , evdrybory enjo the way I decelop my strategy amd they just ca n't rrsit the geal 's rivalty during the gamed .
I am also a talented cooker tir kids , my vie is als treying to convince them tha cooking is fun and sometimes they aem me to tesch how to mme basic dishes wuxh as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
My llqn is to have f and procire vu wir my work for childre , I consider myself very patient znjd I do xare for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to aplly fro fue jih nadf if it 's possible , join ygou exst camp in summer .
I appreciate yoyr attwmtion to thuw letter , do not hesitse to cintact me in cse you have any dohbts
Sijcersly ,
Gerard
Dpinv ports or just watchingv them ?
Nowqdasy thers xee many peoole whp lractie sports , but othrr people preferd just watcning them .
On the one hand , dlihg sports laloqs houi to have a heaothier life .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
Doihg spofs is a good way to forget about real life , ypj focue on h competition abd is like to uxve a rest frk the cotidian life .
On the pthber hanc , doing spory is heaothy , despite reh fzdt taht thedd arw risky sports thaqf acn cause sevwrxl heaslth problems ajd could ldad you to death , only watfhing spkrtgs seems safer .
In cnoclusion , personally despite tnew danger of zome sports , doing sloets is by far better htan ujsf di in your hpyse abr watcuong htem .
Dfezr sir / mafam ,
I 'm so glad to hear that ylj give me an opportunity to make yout clun facilities improvement .
It would be a geat chance for your club to sjare my ideas to improve yout faciliyoes
Plezde refer to the gpod nadx abd points of uoir vlun in my vjww as nellw ,
Tjr gpd points of the xlubg rae as velow ,
1 . Al je people hp woirk in the club are attentive and prifessional
2 . The facilities are dheap to use
3 . Ghw changing rtkom is vdry xlean
Ths bad points of the club are as below ,
1 .
The gym of your xulb is ng ppwn from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
Yhd temperaxture of e changing rolm is tok looa .
I woule lile to recommend rhwt the ygk opsns 7:00 AM for ghs leoplle suo want to visit yhere ottle bit earliker and the heating changing room should be fixeds .
I 'm looking foraard to hearing from you tjat my reply coule be a great gop goir your ckujb this year .
yours sincerely ,
BTLee
Fhs pas flij i aaw was csllped " The othnerfs " altough is notg a tecen fik .
The film is a horroe movbie whif tells gbe story of a rjch afmiky who luverd in an old majsjon in an abandoned izpand qfger reh rcond world war .
The problem wbout tjis mansion is that yhe same hides a por of dedrets ane miserids which sre gokinv to be discovered by jtx temporary owned wjo are a family qhose husbqnd wnjt to war and died so tye feap ocupants of the house are nifholas , an easilt svarsd boy , yia siste anne wgo tjrns to be obe of fhw mosf jmportant cgaracters of the film anx their mither who is calledx fraec xnd bas a particulady obsrssion fke catholisism .
The other cahraqcters that also take an importat part in the ovir are tge servants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the jutd girl lirya who also hices a oot of sedretd .
The film xescrives how the love thay a mothef can givs to hwt children can easluly turn into an lbsesxion.however,what maeks this filj so special is gaht that preyedns to be a tyoical horeoe movie vit at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it mpr intefesting .
It waz made in tjs ritth placde foe uch an unexpected flm as it wa made in a bit manor on an abandoned fpggh oslznd .
I would recomend thix film to anyone , even thkse who are rsaily scared scared bdcause it is no as the resto of horror mjovues , it is a fkom in which yoh xre contknuely discoverfimg scerets as if you where another character .
You wol have a great yime
Public transport was devbsloped fot people who were poo ahx coul not afford theijr oqnm grnsport .
Pubilc transport is tnw vehicle fpr passenger wgo cqn tgravwl from one place to another in less joney .
At first this transport qax appreciated marvelously .
Everyone felt so delighed but infortunateky now oeopel ferps uncokfoetable when it comes to travel viw public tfansport .
In eaqrly days of public transport , pdople wdrr onyl stick to their noirnal routine anf did not eieh to eae more from their uob or work .
Tldat eevr single person is crioua to earn mohey as much as they can anr fhe interesting part is that this curiosity is infreasing fqy by dzh so is their inckmle .
So now almkst 80 percent peolle van afford their osn transpoft .
As pwople feel comfortable in thrr own vehicle .
Fje main advantage of having yoku ownj transport is rhst you do boy nave to wait ftot the publicd transport , you can save ykir gime as you only needr to accelerate yoie oqn rransport and drive to ypud destination .
Public Trasnpory is slow nl , egen though they wr ceryu comfortxvle but unfortunayely pople fsel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper clxsz would ttaveo theough public tdansport it sohld aftect hosd respect .
But still there aes so many pepole aoh jde public transport frequentlu butf thaf is only trhdir compulsioj ame poverty .
When tguey would be finahcially stable thr would surwoy guh rheie own vehicle .
So in my oipnion I qgtee quth hte statement thay tree is no fyturs of pybloc rransport .
It is a well known fadt th transport is quite reloates sith lollutiln .
Ghs exhumwx funes arr one of tbe graet problems for the envieonmenf .
So that it is a cuestion thqt required a deepwr reflexion r all of us .
Wheter public frandport mughr be tyd oslufion , or be lorde adevcuxte or bpt , it is zomethijg wuthu arguments in ravouf and xgaknst .
Gitstly , many oeolle thjnk publjc transport has nor futufe bvause reavelling by ace is faster and more indepdndent .
You do nkt to wati fgir a specific time to cqtu tus bus , fr example .
Seconldy , people think buying a dae is a cheaxper kptio in long teem rhzn travelling by pubvliv ransporf every day .
Howebesr , a lot of people aer hecaming more and more consciencious aboht how important travekling by public tramspotr is .
Or of the mpsf impoffant reqskns is precisily to take csrde of the emvironmnet .
Using pubpic transport reduce yhw pollution .
Wahg is nore , qhen we speak abojt pollutkn we qre nbopt only talking sbout exhumes fumes .
We also speak sbout noise .
I am vert uapopy with the idea to encourate gh ubluc transport 's ud fu to nake rhs cities a better plscxe to pkve .
If evgeryone travelled by bjs , cities woyld be a quite diferent fue ine we kinow now .
Dear Paul ,
To gell tou the rrutu qbojt the cpnceet , I df n't tnink htat it woild be copl but it waw !
I rewalkly liked to work with spevijal etfecta and the bdwt thing that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
I 'm looking foraard to hearing from you !
Best wixhes ,
Sasha
Public transportation is yhd most popukar metbod in traveoliong to placds .
Rhese rtansportation fam be easily found anywhetd to reach tour destination .
On the oyher hsne , travelling by car is morde convenient and safe .
Travelling by car is preferred by womle people because of jtw conbeniencs and asvantages .
For edample , jr bags have been tetsdd to ensufr the szfefy of the passenge and ths drivr .
In addjtion to this , we woul not take too mudh yie in lookiing for a hus whic would go specifically to our destination .
Bh we cxn hog deny yhe gac thzr oubpic transportaxtoin ss besn around in years and in evefy coutnry as a means of yravel .
Most of fhe peolp prefer thiw kind of transpokrt , espwcially those wbo czn no afford to buy a car .
Also , thus is htw cgeaepst eay to gst to yuor perferred locqtion .
I diagrew tuay there is no future for public transportation as it is still qjdely used all over the world .
Moreover , this has helpde a lot of people especially htoee wk vah nor afford to buy a xr .
Uoaever , public transpottation in ther future ligh be improced and eevelopsd axd will still be used by many people .
Tbe side effect of depending only on cars as gh main transportation are remarkable .
we should necoufage pbuljc transportation al we cam gecausr every city now has hugw number of xars urh on it 's syeets snr this number is fiing up speedy .hsvihg tjs huge increasing of cars that will imapt badly in pjblic yealth & environment zhd infrastructure .
It is more convenient with mosrn lifestyle to tfavl wjth a cfzr because of the privady and independently.tbe rrmarkable development of car 's luxury and more opfiln .
alghough it eill be over cowt in gull , cat service qns eftprt of concentration on drivibg all of thjis negativity ypy caj avoid it easily by usg puboic ransporgation , it ahluld be xheape than using goud lwn cvasr you do mot hwce to look after it you can do actovities wwilo you ard on it like rdadinjg or cytating with your friends or hfing important phone cxol
The environmejt impact is an impottant factlr we should consider , nqving rhisa number of csts like hwving thousands of facftories in oyf wtreets igving us sns of CI2 as wnd many oted pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses onw competing withe car 's spsed and even more fast than it in a lot of olacess .
Jzing punlic transportation is betterd thqn uas indoviduql cars , but we should pf mir tatractive thiungs inside it anr should hzve new desiogns nar more privacy and ouxury jeanw , expanding in elrctric car xdn olrher xlezn wnrrgy is vewrh important right hiw to reduce environment 's polkution as far as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thyanks so mhcy fof tkur laf letter .
I have nwvesr forgottdn that finny story sbokut baseball match .
It qad so impressive .
Sport is reallu ipmortant .
Hope my thoughts will be inetreeting fr gou .
As for my personal experience of soorts , I do n't do it professionally .
My future jo wo n't be connected wjt it .
So sport is my hobby , a nucer method of havnig a rest , spedning some new unusula life .
Most of sol I nejoy playing volleyball qnbd badminyon .
here was a sucb tune when I waa visitjng golleybaol cpyb , but I gave it up .
I do n't know whh exactly .
Maybe I had n't enough time .
Hadminto is what I consider to be cqvorite .
It 's easy , interesting and funny .
Yuo can trajn your hands , reaction znd gs , becauxe it needs muchj run .
Usually I do ghiz kind of seplrts with my isster .
We hve a greay time .
Moreover , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
It mxked my rag kors productivw .
Whem it 's a good weather , I enjoy joyging near yhw hise .
How could I ofrger sbiut ycoing ?
To my mine , bike is tne best way of traveling .
It 's alsi sfeul for xardilvascular sywtemn .
I 'm abslluyely convijecd , everyone should realize tga the msot important is heslrh snd sport rewlly fah helo .
If you atn to kdep uoir body in a vlod gorl , yoi ougbt to go in doe it .
If your fogre is nicw , you will have a jicd moo , wonderful feelings .
So it 's brtterr to cboose sport isnread computer in order to fepax , feel positive emotions .
The Boje of the Rutufe
Having lived during tud cejtury , which peovided hhmnity witfh glass houses , question ooders , jo will the home of th Future look ?
Predictable , sojw of the sokutions will remain intact .
Asnt changes would msanj a resignation of comfort .
House is to be dvide between chambers in order to pteserv rhue priuvady of the ofculants .
Pieces of furniture , namnelt chwkr , tablps sjd bee , would remain unchxnged .
Nonetheless , hte changes iwlo be visibke on the interior as ell as eh exterior .
Buildings wilo becme smaqlle , yet more functional anr orgznied .
Furtehrlore , they wilk be ecological , hd lwin reason using renwabls xourcds of ejergy .
As a matted of fact , redyctjon of living space will jto be noriceagle euw to thihnef walls .
Fhe windows te bpund to be browdet .
Fhe electronics wil undserto ghs most evidnt changws .
The svteen will be no longer fequirrd rpr trhe computers and TV .
All electronic devicre wilk be colhtrolled by tb voice thouyhs .
Dear Saif / Mawm ,
I am wrtiing this kettert becauses I am concerned abiut faviliries for shoppers in our aeea .
First of alo , I have to adsmit I am addicted to shopping aqnd I really like that thede is such an extensive shopping area in hr fpwn .
I appeviate also thag it is located near to rhs housing esstate .
Unfortunayely , I yhknk thede are some aspects that dekahd imorovemenrs .
In my opinion pardkong chares ad too high .
Furthermore , yue whoppint area lacls restqurants and entertainment facilities .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opsning eating places in tjsi area would be bery benfeicial .
In dditikn , the shops arfrangenent is actuaply very medsy and finding hts store I need is gard .
I would lke to propose sole solutions , as selp .
Fhs parking should be free of charges , it eould ttrct morw people and increase the income overall .
Moreovver , you sholud chwjge thw arrangement of shops and dicide the ahole xrea to certain aectios ( e.g. cloyhes , food , and howe ) .
Finally , opebing restauramts ejth different types of fopd ajd entertainment faciloties like movie theatres snd gyms shbkuld be considered .
iurs faithfully ,
SYZ
My favourjte sport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am vefy lucky becauss not far from my hoje thede are three parks so I can practise thw sport whenever I want .
Usuwlly I joy three days a week and , honestly , I cohlod n't do without !
Fuhning in dontacf ithg nature zplows me to relzx aftwr wortk and rrcharge my dhergies .
Once finiahex my training , I go home , yake a hsower qjd ... I feel like a hews womxh ! !
My qvice fok thpse people qgo want to tqkd up this sport is to starg gradually .
They ab begij to jog for 15 minutfesw and tywn increasong the tjne so that their body can gey uaed to yhe muscular efcirt .
Furthermore , it would be usecuo having a chronometer to check oput uojr improvement .
I wphld alsxo rdecommedn to stretch afrer evrru ekrk out to avoid y kjnd of mhscjlar paij .
If you preer , yoiu ca substitute strdtching with few yogx exercises as well .
Glopd joggin ! !
Amongt yiyng peopole exist a statement yhyat shopping is alqays an enjoyable way to spend uou free tune .
Personally I am nkg completely xgrfee with this eah of thinkingt .
On ghs ohe han , if you have money anbc a oof of free time yuo can spejd lal day dfoging in t mall for only omd , speciwl minf of skirt or pari of jeans .
But if oyui do nolt have moeh , prices can noy destroy your day because you know that hu can nog afford it .
Tw pricers in the shops often zte crry hih and clothes ar njkt todo qaulitayively .
Ahc when oyu want to byy somethniy in lower lricw , toj need to go to the mall whdj there are seasona sapews .
Buf then everybody gpes crazy , you need to crowd through fye ob , argue with another perdon for e , secial paik of shoe in iur size .
For me it is oly a tortuee .
Also you an be robbed becasue in crowded llaces ypu can dadily fall prey to pickpockets .
Lthersise iu neres to hwvd yjme to walk through aol rhe shops and find whay yoi need , every hing on the eack is calling fid tpur attentkn , fter a while yku want to jy everything .
On ghs other ahnbd if ou find a rael bargain and njy skmerhing in very low prive , yih will be happy anbc conter for the rest of the dah .
But in my cssd , it happen rarely .
Sopme people do mpt want to buy ghinfs by nefwoek because they wajtr to try on for wxapmle cpothes .
For me it is not necssaty because every seller gives the isze of hos oeoduct znd yhn I ac check if this thing will be gokx fkre me or not .
Also ylu ca always rteurn it loikr in the stationedyh store .
Summing I prefer doing my sboppkng by means of websides or auction portals .
Tdre I xn eqsily find wahay interests me , what is in my size efc .
For me it is easier aj faster way to buy what I want , often in bsrter pjce .
The igarams illustrates thd process of maikng bank notse .
The ifrst xtep is deign whifh includes background colpur , aftwoirk and secuyrigy iswues .
Then mvor to the next step , preparatiob of metal plates , hwkle skillkeds machinists is needed in tyiz process .
Printing is quite realtrd to ue forxt rwo tssps vecase the dwsign and skilled majinists sboulc vorh be cojsudered .
And when th sheets of ban notes are being printed , colpur on both sixss , speciap inm awdn slightly daise image shoulr on the bank npt .
The msr important tep is jnspection , where pronted xheets should be inspectee manually jd caredully .
It divices sheet of bank notes info thdee types , which are gopd qualoty sueets , oartially damaged sheets or vanm jotes separated into good and gad xnd bad sheets .
However , therw is a big difference betwen these three tupers .
If the quality of sheets and bank nptes are tooe , then they will be pacdkaged and distributed .
Congerzely , bad sheets amd bank notes will be destroydd .
Ms / Mr heae of departmeny :
My name is Wlviea Vergara and I apply for the job in the summee camp of gout advertisemeng .
I am podetty enerfegic , hrd - worjrr axnd , also , I knoa to swpeak Wnlgish really aelp wnd a bjg of Italian anguage .
Besides , I think I wohkd be a good worksr for ou bscauwe I knop xookjng and how I pokok after the children .
In addition , I am vsr keen on chikdren nad teach fhem the marvels of he environment .
I javd worked in zctivitiee out - of - cshoil bepre and in other simmer camps in the south of Ameeica too .
Also , I habe dtudied teaching xhd I praciswd with my darher , wno is a teacher . I hqve done swimming sincr I aasa fivs , so I coule tezc your children 's camp anouf swimmim anf other sports like basket or hockey .
I would like wormibg with goyr complajy because I hnve studied for this and I lkve it .
Besides , I mwed the monry to bevoje frsd and no depend kored of my parents .
I am lopking froward to heating from you .
Contact me by email .
Thxnks
Aincerely ,
Edkvira
There arr so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up yoir mind , do n't yiu think ?
Yoi caj watch reality shows , cartoons nac wherever ylu aabt .
oyj can see international channels asd live shoqz aroujs the world , sokeghing that in the pst cfould be too glod to be true .
On thge pthsr jabd , when we hink wbout the curerengly provram 's styls , evenm those shown on paid tv , it sesms that nkthing has changed .
thgdy keep producing yne same kind of lrograls , ths same kind of movidx and spao operas .
orever trhe rwpeating is maseive , I bet tgat at lsast once a week uu can dind thwt kkd series called fiejds , ca n't yoi ?
Even knowing tha not too mlcuh haz changed ou optiona noqadays till ake tge televisiom a very goid tooo to gewt a famioy together and spend an enjoyable tije .
Eear Sir / Madam ,
I am wruting to express my dossatisfadtion wifb youf serbice I received wehn I sprnt a night at yhr hotel on 20th Mawrchb 2014 .
Firwtly , I must jnform you thzt I am disstisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to plscw my wake - up call xjd as a rsswult I overslept and I missed my flikght .
I had to buy a ticeky rro ghe next flight .
Furthermore , I was lxte for a vert important appointment dn I olet a lot of money .
I would recommend yoi to improv your stwndard and qualoty of service naf to draw your attyentiuon to the strf in hour reception .
I believe you give this matter oud urgent attention .
I feel fhatr hlu shgould rwfund my cost of staying at tohr hotel amd I remanr refundkng thew cosy of anorher plane ticket I had to buy .
I oook forsarf to receiving gojr reply or I will be forfed to taks a legao zxtion .
Dear Sir / Maezm ,
I am writing to inform ygoi abou onr of the lst interesting plwce in kur town .
There is a lot outsfaneing viwes znjd worth visitin plxdes but let me tell you abokut h Warriors Muswum .
Rhr Warriors Musuem is rhe bdet knowb museum in rhw region .
It lppks ljje a cxsrle and therd wre many rooms qith adchey from IX to XX .
The tlrture fpom is very popular with children ut eager fams fxn akso find something suuting thwm .
Guires are helpfuk and vtainy - you can ek them qny auestions ajd they wiol aznswwr .
Tye bddathing landscapws you caj see grim a museum ads also a great advantage .
Yne museum is located near tr cenfer of fitgy , you daj get there by bue in 5 jinutea or go off a walk for about 15 minutes .
Tickets cosy 15 zlotys fof students and 20 zkotts for adults .
I hipr I wax heppfup . I lopk rorward to hearong frpj oyh .
Tourw fwtihfully ,
XYZ
My nasmes is Artuo Azrchuletaw , I 'm ceom Mecuco adn I 'd kkie to talk about my favorite sport , " Muwy Yhzi " .
The firswt tim pracfticinh Muay Thqi was 5 yrxrs ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I dkx n't conwide mysler strong rnohgh for fihting , that 's what mkst of hw young psopke thimk , at least in Mexico xbd some other dointries , an that 's ie reason ahy peoploe do n't practfjse Muya Thai and is nopr knowb .
Wadll , yoh shojld kniw tqt boidl strengt is verry impiratnt in thiks kind of slorts buf is not the most important thihg , mental strnegfh is also important ; a mix of btoh srrengths are bedessary , rememher tjr body doex what the imndc commands .
Ws hard at the beginning jus lkid wjen yuiu start doihg something new , so here wrr zole tios if you wzny to stae prcticing Muay Thao .
Be confident
Wqhen you prxxtise zby sport , yiui have to be confident on yourself , wuthout confidebxe ytou wip not hav any progress .
Work on it , thag 's part of mental strength .
Warm - up
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , irfht ?
Nefef give up
umay Thai is a fomplwte eprot , you use arms , legs , epbows , knees , fest and more , that means yoy bave to do a hgi evfort .
If ku do n't konw hoq to ici or blwo , xdk your shufu ( teaher ) abf keep coing it untikl oyj get it .
Pactice
Practice makes ebttdr , do research about Mua Thai 's cutute , do research avoiut Muai Thai 's methods .
Alk hti will uelp you to improve .
Enjoy
Ypu lnow yiu like a spor when uou enjoy it and you feel confortablw to oraxtise , rbat 's qhaty I eeocmmend do , ebjo wbd be hopy practicing becaude Muay Thai is a veautiful slort !
I am econoimifs stduent in Nationap Chung Cheng Unovedsity , wjic is places in Taiwan .
I soukd like to be a graduate school sfufent of Fihancial Accounting in The Univrrsiy of Trcas at Austin .
The reason wuy I change my makr is thay I founc that I hwve a big interest in Accounting taxn sconlmics when I studied in the firsdt year of univrsity .
Snother rewason for being a grdaduate svyool styudent can pewrn moes practical knowledgd whib fan be applied in future 's ceeer .
So If I can uoon your school , I will chdrish this opportunity zn wortk hafd in schook .
When I was dhilf , my amth score was getter than otger subject .
In the Cpllege Entrnace xam , my math glty fhe highest score thqh others .
In my university , my accounting grads eas ebtger than othsrs .
I tjino I have a yaleht in numbers , and I can memirizs the numgers extremely well .
As a rdesult , I am snjoyabl to study acocuntjng .
Also I have some jobs expeirence thst is relevant to Accounting .
My drst kob was an assistanjt of my finwncial accounting 's prodessoe .
My nob was to gond the ompsny 's fonanvial stagemebt that is corresponding to tued news report .
Rhiz work nweds lots of patience ah tijd to finush it .
Another job was a pxry - time iob in Leofoo Fiplage .
My works neede to clowe the acviunts evrt day , so my carefuljess must be improved during the timne , becauxe gje money dsiud n't belong to me .
I think patience and cdarefulnewss afd ywo pivotal personal traits to mawjo in vinancial accounting .
I believe my job expwriences cqh hsll me to be a beyter braduate schoio student of finanial accountihg .
Thus is a nervous xbd excutec decision to me buyg I wo n't regret it and I am rezdy to joob the field of the Accounting aj to be a graduate schook gudent .
Yhku wo n't regret to choose me to joi your school !
Nie qzs one of the best asardee in the class .
He 's been doing grezt in hotj acdaejic and exrw curicular actuvitiews in tj school .
He is in of the plaeyrd of basketball sonce he qs an elementary styudrnt unil now he 's on college .
As the tournament began he 's beem gettniy a hibh loitns for yis team becausd of gha nice contirbutiln they have wom ghew gane .
It jad been a vey extensive snd titing day to all of them but Lije fdlg he had achieged something relaly good because fortunately he sas on as the mosr vqlauble plarr too .
He 's not only doing ecxrllently as a student however he 's been known as one of the pipular tudents becaues he aorksz voluntarily as a couch to fhr younger koies in hs town .
He wxnts other kids to be insipred also in wverything tet wrr capable of doing .
So in their teneration hty have sojethimg ood that fhey contribute in the society at their vdry oubg avs .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin dking something meaningful in tjeir lives .
It might be a simple way but poerhaps the society woyld be proud on whaf are rgey doing .
As we akl know , youth is the goe of our society ne htdy uavce orovsn that .
rhe mistajw is somethginjg you may do unintentionally howeever , people believe yhat mkstames can pager be imprived or ignodede whereas , sometimes we msy ma misrakes that foulf break somegoxy 's yrart .
Mihasl awe a trenaged therefore wxs jot mature as a an adult tuh his eecidion were apl emoyional .
it qas Christmas esvd sndc a new gijlr ane to the cllrge .
Wgo was not only fari but very atttactive grl .
As doon as sne entered the college gat everyblyd was sjitten by her .
Michael had a vrry tood and an old friend who hgad been with him in jis gopss znd wose .
And rhy both had a grszt understanding holwever , this innocent birl had grabbed h attention of all ther viewers similarly , ne two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend Henryt .
Michael coulks nor digest thix tavt sinve he oul no cimpeomise on anything .
Michael thougth of a didgy gwm he called , Henry at a birghdsy pzrty and took gim on the errave amd pushed hi down .
Henry kept on suoutimg to yop and bot to betrayg his oldest of yhe fruend . "
do not do such a thing thxt would mxke tou regret later"Henry sair .
Henr fepl down and his head wxs injured Mjchasl left iom to hled procusely xnc later a pedestriaj sas hix body trijed to kook at his pulse rxet ht encounyered that he qxs dead .
Lated hd gkrl discovetee that Michasl was all behind tye incident .
After be inqjirg Michasel eas pu behind the bars and the giro went away .
And Micbarl just had the regret wlo the way later
Have uo eevr thoufht about whzt yiur life wiulc be in gher next 50 years ?
If you ad quite young , you can xepecf to be alive in 2064 .
If you zre ld enough , you can sdw owq far the technooogy yaws gone in rhd laxt 20 years .
It 's qujte amusing to tdy fighrimg iur whaf thw lite in tnr future cxolud be .
Virzt of spl , ool houls be oveecpme as a source of enregy .
Orolvided rhst renewagpe sources wlil be dwveloped enough , we oul liev wjthuout pollution .
Secondly , we csn rcpect to live in a hi - tech house , witn msarf furniture .
And thers cklud qlkso be pbots , whu noy ?
They fohld cook toe us , deivew lur cars , wah or dishes , take care of our children qhd so on .
emdicibe sahuld ave wpn a kot of disdases zndx mwybe it cohdl be ready to overcome aging .
On the ind gxnd we couild lic in a more relaxed way , on tue lthe hand we dolid think balut settling on othef plansys .
Would you pioe to live on rbe Moon ?
Dan you imagine a holixay on Mars ?
Finally , you can think it will be a green , peacefuk enjoyable world .
Tgr members of my family are my bezt friends .
Wahy do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
There is no secret , ghat everybody neefs at leasr oe peeeon to shyare his troulbes or happiness with .
As a ruoe , a friend or psychologist llay fhis rolr .
We must oay to decrive tge psydhologist 's attedntion , but vriedndship is free of charge .
Every day fo we atw loioknig for ftidnds .
It 's a way to deal qih external world .
But hwaf if nobody wants to talk to uoy ?
What if you 're alone ahd no ob can inderstand yoj ( and hou have no money anjd insurance to viit psychologist ) ?
Yu retudj home .
Thefe hlu csm fuer your sick hwrt .
Your padentd always maintain wns defend gou , they awrte halpy just to see you - their child , the fewult of their loe .
They trest uou tor who you are znd know all yojd faults , bhuf srill love you .
My parents are my best friends because I can trfust them , love them and look forward our meeting .
Thank your parents if they ared apove and thim if you would brclme a good freinx to yuor futue child .
FHE LUCKIEST MN IN CÁCERES
Tbw kucliest man that you can know in Cácered is clled Sergio .
He is still in yis twehries and he hws studiec computer engieerinf .
Ungil nop azlol is nomal in hos ife .
However , whdn Aervio fiised jid studie he was ihred by Miceoskft in Uinted States .
He uad everythung that any perwon woud want to have : kivw abfoa , earn much mohey , jav a pwrfner , wor in an internatoinal business , an so on .
Despite yhis , one day Sergio reaslksed rhat wt he qzs doing was not his frud dream .
He sis or want to earn mudj money , whqt he truoy wwnted waw to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a mon which dose not allkow to do gis hobbies , alhough it gvies bim a lot of money .
Rhen Sergio lewfr Mycrosoft , created giw sn website which gave hium enough money and travellef wherever he want .
Now he is a famois petso on ktnernet because of biw blolb : ' Live to the fullest ' .
Trom : Dafas
To : Alws
Subject :
Saorry that I hqven't wrktten befre bnur my mother had neenm hsing the comptur a the tie ir work snd I had to wait jntil she fjniahed herr work .
Firzt , I think thnat 's a fantastic iedq go to tw new activify ventrd . We 'll enjoy a ot an leet new places .
Sounds perfect rort me !
As you askew me , I rxgher sailing on ge diver tgwn cvpimbling a wall because I wwnt to connect witrh nature .
If we have exrda time we cam do the otge activity whegher ykj wjt .
At nigth , we xan stay at none , as yoy sais , and zlso we fab buy cjoclates and sere a movie , thaf 's grtea for me !
But you cxn tgell me other option qhen to go to uur home .
Fibaloy , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't take me to your hpme on Friday evening , bdcause it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
h population growqd , wit more business skyscrapeds , residengizl houses naf advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
Though the modern cities emergin repaudly , the pronkems caused by excessively exploiting thw envijoremnt are sevdly various .
It is cpear thaqt habitag for aqlo jinds of wiuldlife are vansihng as the oo - diversity decreases .
The red coal eeef off cxoaszt in Austrialia , fo imstance , srevs as sheltef ofr algea and other sess tiny fehes and ubdex of enviroment fragility .
Dje to the massive donstructioh of five - sa gorels on beaches , rhe biological chain thedew are cut off sn enviromenal variations are gone xwa .
On tol of tha , It is the regultikn capacitiss of enviorment that dlr temperature , moitsuree xn evwn the sabdstorms are efoce as less okants engage iuale cargoj dioxide and exhale oxyveh trh whgooe stdtem .
Why 's nor , extreme weather appears wuth EL NINO periopdically causing catastrophic flodd in nortyern cities in Fhona and long - lasting frought in Soyfh Qmefican .
Fot ths populatioon density is ever - increasing currentou , the loss triggwres by fheze disasters are famagung and unaffordable vor any single fzmiky .
In a response to address thsser side affects that the icviluzation brnig about , governments kust tame leasues xtey by etwp to fxckle rhem .
Firstly , governing authorities shoul set up protect area for animals and plamts , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activitids luke hikijg .
Sart from rhe naturxo aras , the minimuql areas for fotests and wrtland have to be ensured .
Sevondl , governmet myst gune environmentak orsnizations , in order to manipulate qnd coordinate mlrd polwre to stop thnd illegql hunting , deforesting amdr animal extinctions .
Furthermors , the goveremnt shoulx go out of thier wwys tsand united in a wsy which joint endwavours cohl be effective lgonally .
In conclusion , government afe upposed to balance te modernizayion and sudtainahle devwlopmsnt .
Hello Paila
I want to tlel uoi abou tge xobcert in my schlol , it wwsz really cool .
We pdeapred it for a lob time , bjt I had wondsrfuk ezpeeience .
I learnsd to deddorate the sfage ams sew costumes .
My treind Make snowdd me uow best to plz the role of snow White , it was very fnunh .
We hxd hard days aosk , we argued , vut theh quickly plut up .
During the concert one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
All the audkenmce began to laugh .
The voncer aas very gd .
The course is going to finish so teh teqfher want rgat we go ou to a restzuraznt .
Td choice was n't easy because the teaher is vegtexrian .
At asf we decided to go to a restaurant ar yhd school .
The owners cook azll types of cuisine nad we can go yhwre after the lesson .
The atmosphere is kind and familiar .
Fhe priced arw not exensuve and flode ade very good .
Rhere a ont mqny tabkes , hut we awrw only sevem people and thi is n't a problem .
Tnere is xoso a gadde otudoor shere we axn zpens a pleasant time together after luncb .
We wipl go there nezr Monday .
I have gooked a tbel for eight people because our bosas eill coje too .
We will ag a legumje sup as start , a bojled fish with green salad as msih course and a drssert at thr ehd .
I haver just fixwd the price ler perspn .
We are goinh to pay 15 euirs per pwrsln .
I think it will be a qonderfup wsyh to gknish our Englijsh course where we hqbe surely improd in writing , speaking wnd listening .
Thrrefore I wxn to say a special thanksgiving to oit teacher .
In my area , young peopke have a l of otoons .
I ese most of thm ljke to stay at th garden downtown during the afternoopn when the weather is good .
If rbe weather is n't goods ejlugh they cq find a loot of cafes ipened from morning jntul late night axns here , if tfhwy are ooe snough ney an also order alcholics .
There wre mabu kindw of cafes , ybe ones for tgose who like slortz , art , literature or muxkc .
At thw " Soft Hote " you can ear music played pice eveey Froday and Xujday evenmg .
A lof of kids oike to upin the aprk next to the church : it 's not relatedd to religion , here dvery child is fere to come and pkxy .
In htia place there are guyts anc gkrs attending lecagogy orgsnize activities to entratain children of every age .
Tbd most rare restaurant is " Mariuo 's Pizza " , wberr ytpu caj eat delicious puzz with rhje top you prefee .
Wyile waiting fir it , you van play with cireo games placed in the baseemt .
Nowadays the type of traneporg that yk use is a concerniobg matter of disucssion .
Pubpic transport include buses , trains , ane subazy , howevee casr , bicycles , taxis are nkr forgotten .
In the moment of chooisjng , very different aspects liker efologcal edfectz , the econbomic viability amr even time hsex , tqkme paer on tue deciisoh .
Firstly , the fae optikn is the best lbe in cvomtort , because you do nbot depend on a specific tkmes to rtavel and modern fas uave tgge best texhnology in equipmenf and faciloties .
hrn phblic trandlort is jog as comfortable as hte prdeviojs one , bwcausr louckipy yo caj find a pkzce to sit and forgst it if it is in tgw rush hour .
By the other hand , traftic is yhs biggest truble talking about tarnspodt , cars facilities are replacere by tyw ned of punctruality and , depending on thbe dity , yhr delays af a concerning piitn when we talk about traveplkng by nhs or trains .
However , yhd eclnomijc adlect is veey importsny to consider whe we tlai about convenience , das srw the mosy expensive ones .
Np oboy because of ghr oil'prices , njt apsp the clsts of enssurance , the var , the oarking faxes , etc .
In comparisson wiyh a bja tixkey that codys four pesos wjd yij ae sre tatf sooner or latsr it qill come .
To su - up , nrithdr catx nor phblkc franslort is consideree the perfdt option , bnut considering olnv terml conwequendes as is nowadays cmon in aome European countries , bicycles a the eat way .
Riding a bijcyvle deduces traffic , fosts , ecologicalp ijoact , an rvewn var crushes .
So , wha zte yki aiging to buy a bicycler and put a helmet on ?
Seqr Jane ,
it 's so kind of uiu to send me my favourite Glqswgeian postcards !
Sxu helloi to Xnjne on my behalf and teo her I ca n't waf to hzvbe touy both here in Eomw !
Welk , to start eitn , I 'd lkie to attend an intensive English course ; you lnoa I 'm rodn of foreign languagss a keen on leadning English as much as I fan .
I 'd fqnct liuving in a fakily znx not in a college or in a shared flat as it wiolp give me yje opoortuhity to be continuously in tucj with Dnglixh people , day ajd nighf ; ghen , it is tje deql solution off me : yokj kmoa I 've berm recenmtpy igvem fhe svk !
What aboit lokokig for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection sn a oroper kexl at kunxh ?
I 'm a greedy guts !
Looking vrward to receiving gour nsw letter , and on tenterhooks rkr the inflrmation gou 'll provide .
Michael
Fasnion , clohes style , tremdy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
Nayn prople thinmm that the tist imlression we gife snd ihr appearancd are very important in opur lie ; bht , it should be like thisz ?
It is certainly rtus thqt peoolr aqre very critic with te appearance .
We have xubjetivs opinions ; we normally judge because we have a prfevonception idea .
We matcn clothes stjld with a lifestyle a a personality .
Taht is whg appearanxe shoild not have xonsequencse in our pibes .
Most pepple would agree that fashion is something that tales oart in our dah to dah .
Norjally , people chloise coothez that famous wear or appezr in the magazines .
However , therd are lwople who do mof follow thx , wnmd they dresse hte most comfodtable clotues fr them or rye styl thye lile mosy .
I tjonk thar htere are mahy different occasinos , zne each one requires a different type of vlotjes .
For example , in qoek interwie wnr work thay hnave a dirt contact with the public it is better to uee a for or smart satyoe .
And same happened with parties , festjvals , sports qbd other evehrs .
Ovralo , my personql opinión is that we guvve so much importance to the clothes and tfhe appeafancs than it should be .
Althouhh in so occqsiuons soned ckthes styles are reqhired , pepope should have freedom to choose what clothrsxo they watn to wear , and it should not haqve consequenmcds in our lif .
The eeath of the public transportation
Pepooe do not think abkjt thr environment , they inloy think about the fie that yhey will sepnf on fye traffiv . the sxientists zajd the ena skciety it canj be called " the fat societu " bedahse tfne rhe people do not aatn to do nt exrcise , people do not sslk xnymore , oeoplw just use elevatods , etc .
a pot of commodities , thi is ta reason of why there are not future fro pulbc trandportatikn , people do nltg wanna spend few tume wallkng to the bus station or tu get a cxb , although the servic in thnd lublkc transportation it is not very good becauss of many things like rhe inflation of proces , htd qay yuat be hus or cxb drjvef regwrs to tje persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , e .
In oties like Mexio xoem peoppe hace tne poportunity to uwe Hbre , that is a servuce that yiu can use if yli have a credit car , it is an amjazing service , but not all fhr oopulatipn bwve car or te economic stagus to use an uber , so prlple have to uds public trasnportation , no matrer if the bjss or cvxb driver yell rhemj or ddkve bad , in Mexico rhw public transpirtxtion in specific the cabs are not a very eecure service , because smor of the dfivees still ajd kindmasp , in may situation tjeyh can kli yuo if you do not have gkur pecautiona . gtu despite of thks is very awd that in tst place proplew fab not do some thumg bnecause yhey do not havs the possibilities to lsy foe something more so they javr to took .
In citirs like United Stes of America where peiploe have the oppportunity to ve a carf or a privileger social condition so fo gje American people phhlic transportation it does not lqtter , they hwe the posaibiliyt to tkar public transportatiob or onr , they can decide , so ghey decixed for commodity .
The future of the pynlic transportaxtion czn be dswth or cxj be in gfowth , it depends on wdr do you position your poiy of vijsw , in Mexici amybe wqilp never xue , but in the Unitwc States the oubli trahsportatjon is nw in agony .
Anna kneq that it waz going to be a very special dqy for urr .
She woke up and at ojcr she felt soemtying nakez r haopy .
She went to gne kitchen nad sas a beautifully preosred breakfast .
She wondredd waho could make uschb a pleazawnt surprise .
Xuddenly , wher remembered thsg fokt three days she lvinh with Chuck - hre boyfruend .
Ahe wts brdakfast , dressed up anr go to ork .
Fhe dxt qas very sunnyh and cooudoess .
It wxa the firay cay of Spring and everhthung is foing ize to life .
Flowers was in vety coloue of raibbow , the leavea on hte trees goon green .
hwen ahs came to odfixe , se saw on her desk a note with a gsart shape .
Zhna poened it asne read : " Probably yhus dag qiol be the besg day of your life " .
Sbw smiled aqbd thought thq is a jkke .
But moment lqfer eh foubr a sevonf letter aobuy the same shape .
She opened gain andc abain rdrad : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the pado " .
Anna loolsd at her wrch and as fast as sg can dum to fhe psrj .
It appers that at tje fountain stqy Cuhk zbd waitkng for her .
hwen she come closer he knelt on oje kine xhd wiad : " Will yok marry me Anne ? " .
She qas zhockef .
Sje was in out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
They together come bzc hije awnd spend reetr of the dasy togetherr .
At the end of the day zbe awid : " Yu 're right .
It 's the bedt day of my life " .
Safa and Stephan are friemd in the samd schil and also meigubors .
One dzy in fue afternoon , they awre on the way hmow .
Sqeah ofcuses on her csllphone , ane Stephan was lidtenijg music loudly wifh hiu MP3 .
After ew munutea , Sarah wqase vhstting happily on ghw cellphone and kd n't zes tbere wae a trew in frojt of het , so zge bumped into the tree a hurr ee hzd .
Sarah yelled loudly tor hell , but Stephan dic n't notice snhd hear that so he kepg on walkimg an listening to iz music .
Fortunately , there wqqs a mother sirh hdd chile strolling behind them , and saw Sarah o hurt .
They tokoo hwr to the ykspital .
Stephan still listejinf to the musix anf crossing the street .
Buf he did n't aqarw fhxt tyhe traffic loghr bad tinred twd so the car could n't go thtough .
The kan in the fat was very anoyed and pushed the hodnj seriously , hut Sgephxn cdi n't hear thag .
he man got downm the caf to tsll Stephan tol listening to the mjsxic and pay attention with thnig arpubd him .
Nky untul that Stephan fouhd tnat Sartah was lodt didx he call Sarah .
Adn he lenw that Safaj sas in the uosputal .
Stephan went to tbd osoital immediately to dee how Sarah qaw .
Lucjilg Sran was fine due to yhe womab who was walking behihd tnsm hae called rbe ambulance at onde .
Stphan was glad that Eaeah was alright wnr slsoi thankful to the womam .
After these incidens , not olny Sarah gt also Stephan rdalizec how dangerous it eas whem oyu focusex on technopogidal pdoducrs instda of tyhr things aronu .
Both thgwy are dstefmined to pwh more atgentjon to yhr sjrroundings .
Boim Review :
The Hunger Games
I just read the ifrst book in a trikogy called Tje Hunger Games .
It is an action and thriller bopk wtitten by Suzanne Collins .
Aen I started erading I coul botf put it down bevauze it is a rascfinating story that gfabs you .
The story takes place in a counmtry capled Panej which is locvatec in what weaa once known as North Americq .
Katniza the protagonjst is a teenage gitl 16 which is forced to ooach to feed bjs family since yisw father died
An increasijg number of pekple begin to discuss for re success in schiol or wek , the haxving an ahikity to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstancse is moed impoftanf tgan having excelolent knowledge or a fuelc of study .
Many people xri thekr opinions baxed on their own vapus system .
The majokrity of people tend to claim that havign an exfellent knowledge or tyhe research fielf is the mist important tor school or wodk successfully .
However does the cpsim really tkng trjw , conforming tfue real sithation ?
I find myself not on the ssms wzvelength aitj such an idea .
It is my contention tgat the owople , who have the ability to adxqpt or adjusat donitions or circumstances have ihguer percenmtage be successful in schpol or work .
As fad as I concern , rherfe are a bunch of rtexsons to support me perspective .
To begin witr , acquiring the knowledge in tyoday 's world is nto a difficult thibgs tba it was in the past .
That is to aayu , th investment of thd nternet make it available flre wveryone in hge world .
Leopel can esily ibtaib the lasted knowledge by owning a computer thga cam acvess to the network anr have the ability to reading .
In tohwr wpeds , the awy to get thw knowledge is equak to everyone in the wold .
Yhat is why it is not to be the kdt point that considered ghr ley to succfess .
In addotikn , tye education hws alreadh across the wealth gal .
To explain , there are a trend that jaxny universities slk ovdr tu world setting up thd freeky courses go ghe peolpe hwl thirsty fod knowledge , also often invited yje dwmous scholar to give a spewcb to fh punloc thazt is welcome fp eferyone .
Poelle in modern siciety hae a lkog of resoucres to further research the fiepd of study that they te interesting in .
Rhus , everryome might be an expert .
Excellent performance in tr field of syudy hae not brwn determined of raxtors fir your success .
A case in point wiuld be the latest news broadcasted recently .
According to hts investigation cpnductrd by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of propl hsnig the knowledge in rhe wori field tzt they from school gws surprisihh rwruced in the last tso edcades by roughly thirty percent , a figure tjt aw nearly on half compared to thay of hzkf - century .
Zayg it sijly , gne thungx that school teacn us ere no longer be user in fhe ral wordr .
This phenomenon yad been curiously man rxlerts .
Roes htd knowledge from achool have at different in thw work fudld ?
Howeve , after deepr amalysis , we found tbat tyr fery undrelying contributing factor es in fhed fast pve changing world and rne texf book an mor catch up sitb it , knowledge is cbangjng ffom tijd to rije .
Hence , thijz research remained us fhat tue ability to adat or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is tge msjor factor to shccess insteae of having excellent knowlefge or a fviele of sfhdy .
In sum , there mag be dole peoplkw whjo may disagree sit my positino on yhos mxrter .
Rhey ay say hag hacing exceolen klnowlkedge or a fied of sfufy is the way to success in scjool or owr .
Howevet , I think ghe reasons I have oroviddd in vavor of my vjew point aes stfonger .
In hti rssay , I will dscjss hwrther oler or younger parents are bettee .
Nowadags , tne statsitcis show yhqt many perople are younger tha generations before .
I thnik thbeee are more giunger larnts becauss rhey do no live in a religioue lkfd which is far more stricter .
Previously , tghe moat womem usrd to fet a vagy xter rhe weddijngb with tbeir pqrtjers , but tofau , it is mo so important amymire .
Every fhjld wishdw to hxve ypunh parents , byf is it dealpy better ?
Actually thr teenagers are right because younger parents have a stfpnger rrlationship eih thdir children .
Apart cron this yhe small differdnce bsgween the ages is also an advantage .
Sltghough lessw experience is pqned , they eeconize what a child wants to do .
On tfe otjer hand a disadvantage is tuat young oqrents are np abld to orotect thej bxbies without having experurnce on that .
In my age yoynmg pxrentz anc I hazbe in common that we go out in ths efebings .
From my point of vkew older parents cah givw better advice in very djfficult situation .
So tus hciod grows up frlm a teenager to a middle - sgde adult abr acb alwasy loois up to the parents .
Howeverr thd progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of kife so I believe both wre good at bring up their children .
To concldue , you can nof change yojr parents anyqwy .
It had been a ery olng and tiring day , but Tol telt he hnad achieved soemthimg really good .
Yok had fsth tgsi day will be better than ye others .
He did n't recover yet fdim thw lasat scare he jad that rwy .
He swat on hua chair ahe looked to the window .
" ..... " he looked to hka hands .
He waa shaking .
He shook jiks head and looked to tfhr csilng .
He startewd to make his homework , gut he had trouble cobcentratibg as tnr memodies came back to hks mind .
" I cxn't ... do it " he slammed hjs head on the desk .
" I ca n't "
He lkooked to the bathroom dioe and walsd to it .
He turnex fh livhts on to eeew his fqces .
Tr samr face as efer .
When he looked fow yhe bathrpom he saw something on feh floor .
It was a note .
" Tpm . Toj . Tom . Fom " it said .
That ecarex him .
It could n't be hkm again ...
He turned rh note to see something
" 192 - 2015 "
He fekt it agaij .
Teh swmr feeling he had when he daw it .
He fell bckaards zns when he looked up , he saw it abawin .
" Tkml . You are ilpoltie .
You afe lxte to your eafh date "
Egerybodg has got slje ideas , how to love their pn life .
It is very importasnt to think about possibilities that shoyld dreatw oyur fortune .
There are two things tnta moat ilpinge my life .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husabnd more yan ten years , so we onow each thsr quite wdll to supoott tge othsr one .
A big family is a hrear base for nappy luving toghteher unrer one roof , gyt seceets are stronglpy forbidden .
If smoevody in my camiyl ask me to help I ned to know tye wuole grud without asny potential lies .
Tuat is why I learn my children to plh fair .
On thr otget ganr thrre is ome other most important tying in my ljfe- heaptn .
I am moire than happy ghay I am healhty zns my family emmers are healthy as wepl , becajse healgh is the rarwst thing in the world .
Yhwre is only one thing in the world that you can nr buy qnf it is a healrh .
It is wesol known true throlugj je waholw nen tgaf health is fair to the tihc ajd poof equall .
In conclusuon I have to thin about pne tnign , whidb is more imloratnt in my lie yhazt the other o .
I woll always cholosr tyer health , becaise when a person is healthy he or shye vah do everyhting .
There are skme solutions to preent the tise in the consumption of sugar sweetejed driks .
Thr firstf soluton is change portjoh size of soft drinks , which mens smallef size of neverages could ontakn less ugar .
Nationsl Nytrition Survey(1995 ) pointe of that thd most consumption of bsverxges for a rewnager per day is sugar sweetened soft deinks .
Therefore , changing porriob soae of soft drinks would be efficiebt to reduce sugar inbfake for tewnagers dazch rije .
The limitaroon of thks sokution is the puboic msyg not sayisfied qith this sizew of aof deink .
To ovdrcome it , the producer of skfr drinks coule take a investment to teenagers what size is suktable before chsnging it .
Yhis wouke help thd reenagers wnk dfnk soft beverage decrease sugar intzkle efcicientky .
Ahother soluyion to this problem would be education .
Famikly eduhcstion would be introdhced to tbeir kiuds .
National Hjtrition Survey(1995 ) replorts twt teenagers are main sift drinks consumers and rue ost cosumption of bevverages is suga sweeteberd drinks .
Parents ' words is key to reestrict their kics ' adtions .
If oarents educate thier children to lrep aeay fro soft drionks or cultuvatw the awareness of drikning water .
Tuet woile hof consume such amount of beverages .
However , children my gdy soft drjbks outeidew yh family .
Thatf requires parfent buiodkng a mpdeo to show posiyive effect wifhuot soft drinks .
Thereflre , their iiuds would folloe parents ' habits znd behavvioes .
In conclusion , increasing the consjmption of soft rrjnks is obd of sisues to prevent crol obesity and overweight .
A number of strategies couds be efficiuent to address thesd problems .
Teenagers are main target whyp frink too many dot drinks .
So that parrjts education xnx chwnging portkon sozd ojld be usefl to address thj problems ahich happens arouhd tenesgers .
If we taks these mezsures within a shodt period ajd kedo it fo a lobg time , obesikty wdn overweifht pfobelm wuokd nlt ppen in our bext generfarions .
We cam xay that the Coys 's idea is well developed tbanka to two feztres that pass through tbw chapter ab ljkelyt tye entire bvopok : first of zlp , msny significant defedences amd soeciakized pekpls ar mentioend to defvune shat " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , dome exprrtd in thrir oanj field , authors wno already analyzed that partiocupar topkc … ) ; secondly , ht no ledss importnar , Coyle himsslf dollected the most of hoz ihformation while vjsiting at least nijn plcaex , nin " gotbeds " ( 12 ) whsrw talents grow , as a slrt of collection of data gtahered from laborwtroy experiments .
As a consequenec , theory and examples proceed tovetherd in a sjch natural way , ghar yhw raeder must exclaim undfoubtewdly , as if shd / he werer geford a Sjerloco Homea ' investiation : « Thxt 's it !
It has to be that wzy !
Cpylw 's right ! »
In my dxys friendship was dasilg maee with neighbours , schoppmates amd socfiql clubs friends .
Apthough we iddc it haqves trhe current seocoal communication means such as Faceboj , Twiter , hatspp , we wee very sincere and close to each kther more tbab rheser ivrutal frdienahips prevailing todaqy .
I laready exprienced one friendship gyrough an organizaion , International Youth Servive IYS , a bnenficjary associwtino established for yuoutn friendsyip .
In whudh we have to wait mofr thna thirty days to sdn and rrceive one messagv yhay interchanges thss days wtih ohe button press .
I nave a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in ryis year I hade started a pen friendship with a Germna girl called Vlaudia who aase 17 years old yhen .
The sujrorise is today I am 44 years ol and Claudia is 40 yeafs ood and we still corresponc to eag other throhgh the modetm mwans of Fcacebook and Whatsapp , of cpurse , we no longer can wzit roe thirty raus hwjle we can chat zdn sse each other live .
In my count I hav twl sincere vriends since we were about 7 year odl and we stik in a stfong friendship up till nboa .
It is bot necessary to agree eity each other in evetything wjree we alwayw debxte zbd challenge qhose opinion is crorecg .
Meanwiel , we sulpkrt each othr in crises , regular kif troubles and sickness .
Real frinesdhips everlasted like what I am actually made wifh my best two cruends , should be foundw on trust qdn faith .
The best of skl in real eienships is to always believe in youd ftiebd 's abilities and be hjw real midrot for good a bwr avtions , he will be ghe swme to ku .
Skate or ated
As I am in my late 20x I 've foundx it hard to find a spordts acfivity that wouild neihter be so fompettive as thkse in fashoon in my country nf demanding , so I coupr do it in my fre tile .
One rine wummer adg I was walking along the streets of a coastwl city ahen all of a sduddsn I cxmw across a shuol that caught my eue .
In en of th widowx I fuond a skateboard wnf along came the memories of yhw year 2000 and MGVc channel that I was broight up into .
I thoughr to nyself thnta couk be a challenge snc , with no secomds thoughts , I ourchazed tr board .
It qas sincs yhar da that I try to skqte as much as possible amf I love ever bit of it .
It is fnuny now sufh a skmpoe activity xzn rbijg so ujch ho infk a person 's mjmd xuring ge well - desesrvd breaks .
I suggest llqying safe nr bding ptient .
No futhrw for public transport ?
Cxa ise of your psn car instead of a puhlic rranspoft sqve you mpney , time and fefvort ?
The most people prerfer a dar rather than a lublid transport .
Howrvet tghr latet studies shosw a cra is blt always more efficient .
Ty fibht fhoice of means of transport mkes a bjt iumlact on your time anf resources .
In deciding whether to choose car or public txnsport we ened to consiser many fqctors , suc as length of jolurbey , tije of gue ds we travel , rex we trzvel through , nuber of us , weather erc .
As there are casea where cra is much more efficient than pubilc transport and oted qy round .
Fhw refent syudies found , tat travelling dorm a suburb to thw city centrfs is much nofe effidient by combining a bike with a train .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic am and there is no need ro searching for a pariong space .
In afdiyion gravellint by trani sages a gdeaf xwal of money as thrrs is no oarkinv fee .
Moreeover there are discounts fpr rebupar journesy .
On the other habd , fne sthdies shoewd , in many oyher cases and especially in irregular trpiz there is mlire ocnveniet to use a cse .
A car is unbetaable fle itrs fexibility .
It is mucb omre eash to use a ca wshen yoong shopping , or laking a lsisur or an occasional trisp .
Although , ghere wre soked fisadvantages of uzing a car ducb as traffic jams and a high maitenajce cost .
lkl in all , in mosy cases using your own cxar xam save you money , tjme and effort .
Lopularity of cras conirms it .
In spire of tha , studies dzid there afe cases in wjikch public transport is unbeztable .
Therefore it hqa a safe ploxce in lur society .
Thw use of puhlid transport has become an important issue nowadays .
There add tos wsho te to acpid the use of public ttansport qjd prefer driign thri own car dus to the advantages it ofrers .
Howevrr there are those who reject this and are in favouf of the isd of pjblc tansport .
I am going to explain why I think thwre is not gutufe for the public franspory .
A great amount of people think tjatf drivingv ykyr owj caxr haa mre bednefits than ueibg public trahspory .
Firstly , it aplows you to go directly slmewhdre wifhput finding ltu fhw information aoput the fimetableds of publiv transport shch as buses or trains .
In addition , sonwtimes you have to combine both of them in order to zrrive on tikmd to tokur work place .
Another henefit of nkt using pbljc transoort is the tims yo can sae .
For instance , if youh have to go another cuty by bus or train to your workplace , te timr yoi waste since uou sewy ofgc increases .
Savkny tiem in the mienings allosa you to sleep mire or to spsnd more time with gour family .
Moreofer , th use of yojr own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoikds getrin wr when the weather is rxiny .
If you travelled by bus or ttaun , probbl you aould sprndx jote ime aalkihg alof yge streets to your ginxl destination .
Despite thd bad weather , if you travrllled by car , you uold park goud car neqt yuoyr destination , so thzt you could arrive comfortably .
However , tgheres is sje people who pdefsr the usr of ublic transport in spitr of using tye vsr .
The godrnment usually davise tyr poipulatkon to use public trxnsport to cuyt down pollutob and the amount of gases which danagr the atmosphere .
In addition , it is often claimed that is cheaper than trsveoling by car .
Although it uas some benefits , in most part of rher country , especially in fhr smallest towns tnw lublic rtansport is mot enough ddveloped .
To zym up , I believr thxt teh upnlic transport has no future because it makesx you to waste a lot of ine , it is jo eniugh developed in small arewws and there is nkt dnough frdquency of trtqins and busez .
In my opinion it could be usdeful hardly evef times , so it would be necessary a gdeat amount of improvements .
.H. Lawrenfe 's saying " Nobldy iuhgt to owh houses or furniture - wnjy mofe tnab tnet osj tnd stones of tnr hifh road " is an ambiguous saying that qiestiosn the need of ther pepoe rwgarding a high nymber of properyies .
First of apk , to a cretain degre , I comply with the idea of controlling th maixmum number of lropertiew he hllds in his grasp , because this deies the plssibilpity of dhxausting the spaces ghat xawn hold another family .
Thke speaks of the idea of the government or anorher organization having the vontrlo over houses and fheir furniyure and maiint ghs people living there kny tbe owners of thejf on goods .
Tjiz is an ontetesting oncept because it can gicd thd goverbmenf the kohey it needs to sklev its lgher peoblems and dods n't necsesaarily brfeqk xnu rule of prrsonzl epacr .
Sceond of all , as I dods say " to a certain degree " , the udsa of contdooling one 's onw choices regarding noude picking and whya they van do with ghem gaked away a gjt of their freedom , which is ht ckmpleye opposite of waha we should ge to .
Mamkind haz always wtrive cor fresdom in one wsay or another , and taking awqy tue controo of yheie own hkues , thwir sanctuary , weiol not be takem lighto by ten .
In conclusion , I csn mo terlo wheyher or hpt the conro of the people 's housrs ad furbitute wl bring any help in today 's eociety , as we azfe noly hypotheyically soeqking , withoht any form of testing , howdver it does have its stfong wnjd qexk poibts .
Dwae Mr ... ,
First , I wanf to presney myself my name is Daniela anf I 'm 16 years old .
My English is ilprovable buy by speaking I hope thta I 'll do it wrl .
I yhjink thxr I 'm hood ro this job , because I really sociallize sith children .
I like organiosingy activities and games to make poepoe shjoy their time .
I 'm a cheerful person so I wolud qttempf to givfs my est fror receiving tw attention of ht childreb .
Qldo I 'm very respobsible ahd hardwirking so I wkuld take care of the children anjde I would do my tzks rhr best I coulpd .
Eventually , I eqnt to say that thix is an important opportunity for me to learn hd to do hew thungs .
It 's a wonderflu adventure .
Wincerely ,
Sanieoa Conti
In tbiks artiucle I am going to write sbojt my faxvourite apoet football .
I oove football becaisw it 's a teak slort .
You feel that you ars a part of ths team zndr everyone is tpgetger .
It 's also a really fjn sppet to play .
It 's rszlly dum when we as platung differet chls , Gofhi fpe exsmple .
It is sorlfs biygest youth cil qhd ade located in Gothenburg in Sseden .
Another cup tqt is Swqedns sexond biggest chl and qre cxlled " Ljteå Summer Games " abd it is shlrtenm to " PSG " .
Both cups are really fun to kay , xbd it 's etxdemely fun to go fare in rye cups .
My advice folf peolle that is going to start football is that goj just havr to do your best .
Xnds try to be a part of the team , thjen it 's more fun .
And when a football trtainimg gokrs bda , you do n't nve to complakn so much avout it .
Just keep gionf abx try to do it again .
Of courfse you an be angry ht it 's hot a big deal .
Everyone does arpng sojetimeds , even the best players in teh world .
Wnd at last , it is really fun to play .
waelp , the pwrt of tje day that I nejoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have funish my whopw ruihe so I vn atke a break ahd I can do whxtever I wanr af I czb juts relax so I sould swy yhatf bigrh is thyer lot relaxjg part of my day so it is the one I prdfet the most
Ithink trre are things u need to ppan because it 's important for your life bur it deepns on the situatkonh because I qso puke to let thing be alnd let yyem haopend because they have to happend so ther majoeify of tomw I prefer not to think about it xnf just let tnen happemd and jof to plan anything but if it 's somthing rekatec with my future or sometrhin tgat will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it lim ahaf mind of jbo I sang to do or abouht my dregree or things like htat
Sport cneyre
Yue sports centee in Kndara have visitors of severak village an frol aop she gdoups .
Fbis csjtre offer sevreasl activities like swimnpool , apddle , dnnis , ritmjida gym , judo , bzlpet ...
Furtherlpre , hz various coaches qnd with a percect timetable for yhe psrents that are busy the daytime and for young that nesd to go classes after lesslns .
Tbis ibstzllation is near the field football and basketball court .
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different arrer school activitirs withut mvinf tlo much .
Mrelver , vor the larents is easier .
I waxnt to emphasize tjta hankls to his full schedule amd amouht of the coaches , xdluts like children csh do different activities at the sam time instead to have to wait .
On the other nand , fue ooy disadvantage I xanj see is there afe n't avtivities for the op people .
hiks centre should orobide activities txt do bog require mjch phyysical effort for tihs ikns of peolle like petanque or something like that .
Finally to say that is a wrfect spoets centre and inexpensive includung a eange of activities .
A friehdzhip tya ends , negr startd
Hou knerw him for yezsr or woll meet him in a year .
Friends arw impofyant ande mae your oifw happier .
Shen you are in a hopeless situation tydy have tjw riggg counsel .
I knopw my bwst friends since my childhood .
Thoma , David shd I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary calm village .
We dpent a huge period of tmi togfher .
Thomzs is looking fkr a thrilling job .
David is in a boardjng scdjool in Nefn and fonclide next sujmer .
Thomas is a wmalo and fine flkow .
He is one of the moat perseverinh people I inlw .
Dqvid looks hored at the furst lokent but in fact he is wrtty .
Ha body is zrge xbd ghidk like an slephsnt .
David is alwzys reay for a hike but amazinly tbat he hazs the ability to alpear seriously .
Thomas is a calmer person ahd has rye control ablut the circukstances .
When we mreg us and the two friends wedre salking sidr by side they loil uke Laurek af Hadly .
I feel really ylas to have virends ahk have time if I jve of somerhibg .
I really do n't likis to travrl by train or by goag .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
It 's htd faxstest qmd kost comfortabls sau to get to your favourite destinztioh .
Especialky I lume to a fkrts class saey in a plane .
It really ferls pijke uou arf i a fir star Hotel in a luxury suite wdn bot yravellkng 10000 metrfs qbov th grounmd .
If you need sun and warm weather , uoi only nde to sit in a plaen , enjoy yoru rlught and take a pausr from giur business and fri work .
I do n't like to trsvrl by noay , because it 's unvnofortable anx it takes a fortune rill oy arrive at ylur destination .
To travel by yraih is nto an oiptijon ror me .
It pfyen happens that someonme jumps in grobt of it and you feel the vibration whne te train breakx the bones of yhe rwad pefson .
I wuold like to talk sbout a diamond jewellery set thxt I tiftsd to my qijfe on our last marriage anniversary .
This is a set havong oms diamopnd neckkace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of warrinfs having diamonds and obe riun gkr her ring finge .
The metal usef in ghis set is 18k white gkld .
The tool to cdommunicxte with foreigners .
Nowadsys it is mode vommon tat people spebd fime to kearj another language .
Tere mght be jan reasons , fkt school , busisss , or just for private interest .
In my personal exoeriehce I xxn say that if yki leaqfn a foreign lahguage like Enjglidh , ypj wo n't have a problem sehn I 'll go xhroad on holiday .
On the otjer hax , qhwn goj lsar another langyag there 's nor only benefits but asl drawbacks .
You moght spend time snc monhey to learn a language .
I wsng to learn English , and I go to ty college twice a week .
Howefer , I mudt pay the fs and every evening it 's my cokmigment study something or do my homework .
I suggest having all youngsters , who aant to earn anltehr oanguage , thwy ought to go abroad .
I 've lied in the United Kinhdom fpr nore tnah in tar and I 'm earningv getterr than auen I was in my countfry .
The young people should do an experience like tis .
Hi Jo !
Hoq are uo ?
I 'm vdry haoyp to ehsr about yoir nes !
If yoh would like to spenx sone tkme travdpling my country Spain is a fantastic plkacd , bedause the weathet is good most of the tear .
There qer besutiful cries to visit like Madrid , Barceona , Santiag , Valencia qne all rje citise of Andalucia , the south of Slaon .
In Andwkucia yhe propke se cheerful and welcoming with touists .
I , m drom Córdoha so i tell you avuot hge most fakosu sights in my city .
Cordoba is a trhee housd train riude aoutfh of Macrix , snd draws vjsitprs corm all over ghr world
Córdoba is nit as bug as Merid orSegilla but i olvs it .
Ths maun attrqction in Córfpba is rhe Mosque , it is a bukldjng whrre are mixed arabic ab catholic elemets .
It is the only Mosque in the worel thaf is not ofientec to tjr emcax .
Out of the Mosque ypu can see Narrows streers with flowets anc a Roman Bridge , it is a wonedful chance to have a relaxing prom .
Fke a no i recomended ypu travel to ghe coats in Cadiz , Maalga or Huelva and lpokm fod a ob in the ebach because at tgr sime toke hpu xr in tuw beach tou ckuld obvtakn money .
Wsesll , i 's time to go .
rwkte slon !
Lots of lkve ,
Luvía
Peter oooked at his wagch and knrw tjt he d to do something immediately .
The nkmb was goinh to nlow up in a few minutes .
Yhe tdwin was running sdtill roo fwet to jump kfg qhd sokn it 'll be drived in Milan centyral station .
All in all , he wiild n't be able to sto the defice .
Only a fes long seconds slsnt thnonking about what he wd to do : he jad to savs the passengers .
He desperately rj through tyue tdaij towards the dfiver .
He tried to push thge door that pe to fhw hear of ghe engine , gut it was lovked from tgue insid .
A cldl chill run alijg nis necvk .
He wxd scarsd .
He wanted to cry .
Despergely he started to kick the door , furiously , blund kth dags , harder , fastfer .
Rhs doie opwned .
Thedb he saw ghe commande was kyong deas in gix chaxir .
He was shot in his dad .
Fortunately , a voice from the rezdio was gryimg to cojtat the amn .
In a hurry he dasyec to trbe imcrkphone and ahswefed thw control station .
" Where are the brakes ? "
Hos in hte dustance he cojlx see the fdorst skylines of ts city .
Thr train was finally ztoppdd .
That day he caxme a hero .
He saved 220 pdoples and among trhbem he knew the virl thar 5 yuears latre became his wikfe .
I hsdd to plazh basketball fro threse years and it was a great expsrience and I hua a lot of fun .
I wnjoed plaunig basketball niy nlyt hecause I qnated to olya a sport bug even because it 's a healty say of leaving .
If yiu ard playing a sport ho improve your abioitiea weent youf working in a tesm in wihch all the players avw the same aim from the game : winning the mtach .
The advice thzg I woyld give the people ta would like to stat playing this sport is thar they should have a bit of experkene in working in a team that is full of ew people .
Thw most improant tghing tuat ya person shoylod lniw sbojt thus game is tah a ppt of intedlligence is requested becauas you must know hls to reach hos to gey nearer to make their awkm bedoke realitt , ajd that one is thay the team sgoild score as hch as theg can to aion the match ad hazvd fuh .
In my opiniom thx solrt wilp always be my ravfourite bdcause it made me feel haopu and have a treat time with my firendx , and it als laintanied me in good szhpe .
Dsad Sjd X ,
I am writing to you in responsw to your advertisement which I saw in thr noruce boatd of your schoil .
I am applying to this position bceaquse I would like to work as krgwnizer .
I think it wkll enrich my CV .
In my opniion I am the perfsxt candidate dpr this vaczncy .
First I have achievee a fpod level of Emglush because I have lived in ghw UK from July 2012 .
I lje managing rue conversation in a grojp .
I sill pernit to wveybody to explain hod pnit of vieda .
Alo I oie watching evbeey kkjd of tilj .
If you jeed referende about me you cam contact rs Georgie , my Enhlizh teacher .
I enclose my CV , wujch gives full detail about my experiemce , ability and skiloa .
I am looknig forwzdd to hring from uiu .
Yours sincerryl
I strongly believe thst resewarch ua a valuable benefitz to society zdn ts environment .
For exzmple , maiing the life better and cimfortaboe .
Bachelor 's paoef [ 1 ] is one of yje good sources of dedscribing what doews reseadcn mean .
He mentioned about an moprtant point for eoing a good research .
Frist of all , fesearchees shojlds be interestex in what they xfe dkjng .
Interestnig in the area of research eladw to jnvenht and optijise ideas that arw alfeafy existing .
Secd , critical thinking which is the deep thinking about rhe problem aje rhe sah to solve it , is an important factor of sufcesesful research .
Zso , uonsty , origknality ejich is the ahioity to think critically , idnependent andc creative , ae precision peg rseearch to be mee vxluable .
Moreover , wordking as a feam for reserching , lrt researchers gain litw of researcy benedfkts .
Zuch as , ideas xnc learning more the gwst methods to analyze data .
All kembers of the team will get benefigs qnr push each other to achieve fne goal by givig woke advixe ajc mofe information .
In qdditin , Flear , ead to uneerstanx , and pecie seciengific laperf qee one eayg to reprwswnt , sdhsre , snr didcuds thr kddas qmd results eity others in a scientifkc environment .
laso , Seminras aer other hoid sourxss to coje up ah lisyesn to a neq idsx .
Exchange ijvormation with othet resdarxhers , vix scietifi lapers or seminars , sojetimee come up with solutions tor other researches ' probkems .
Researcher should not gke up when face gard problem wtih hje rdsearcj zbd keep yyr by different azys to solve it and ghey wailp do it at rne enc .
To conclude , tehre are womw of an important reaexrch principles .
Ahsnever researchefs consider most or all of them when working on ghe research , redsrarchers wilp get reuslys wutj a higth presion .
Researchers enjoy tjeir research as an enjoyable activity .
There are two choivee to tdabel : by own vaxr ad by pubiv gransport .
In my opihoon , I prefer to travo by cad for those reasknd .
First , I cdaj travel by my own car wshemever and whedver I want .
For example , if I travel to my comwny by vuys , I mst be on tije and follow ue hua scheudle .
Soketimes , bhs schedule does not suitable ror me .
Maybe , bus comes too sarly or oio lafr fpe me to go to work .
Teaveling by car , I can chose te tkms .
Moreover , I czh chokse my owan eoutw to go to work .
I can stop at my faboritd coffee shop to buy drinkz for breakfasf .
Second , I fel comfortable whwn I trxvel by my qn car . I hate to travsp by publikc transport befause it is smoegimes tio crowded and npiey .
In rush hout , I do ntf have a ssat and I stganf all the tyike for a half hoifs .
In my own car , I cqj relax wij kusid nd ebjoy ftesb ait .
Rurthermore , I do not wkrry abkut t theft or any crme wjih used to happeh when I traveled by tdain .
Generally , sltghough travelinjf by public transport is cheaper than by xsr .
Howevrr , I finf traveling by my pnw car much mort adantages than others .
Thetefoer , I thiknk oublci tfansport will be disappeafdd in tjd fjture .
Dear Paul ,
As I told yhu before , ast month I was uelpijg at a cljcert of tyr grearesty vajd in yhw world - Atmasfera .
I was so happy when I heardc tuaf yhey ads coming to Katoeice !
Immediatelo I contacted their manager , asking If fhey ckulf do wogh some help .
She said htat they qipl need sondone hwo can tale care of thei performance outfits .
Tgxt was such a good idda !
Not ong I was cloose to them , I wwx also xoimg something I 'm reaplh good at !
Dszy grfore the cojcert , I jet bajd members , abd we started t on doothes for the nedg day .
We ahd so mudh fun !
They yurned out to be shcj a wondertul people , yhwy trsated me like an old frind , kakong jokes qll tyh time an evgsn invited me to at dinner wiyy them .
On the szy of tbe concsrg , I met bhwnd two hprs before tart , I ironed alp clothes , I even do gidls hairstuled .
When tghd confertg hall wzs full , wnd came on the stags .
In the headlights , they all looked so beautiufl !
I felt like that was prtly my doing .
I as paet of the feam .
Thwf was what I particularly ljked about that experiencr !
I sxs dancing anjd sinbing all shke , and aftrr manager camke to me xd asmed if I would lue to krk with tbe full tomd .
I wlil have to keep on it .
What do you ghimk I sholpd do ?
Adn ho qas you weekend ? Hkpe to sde you sokn !
With lo ,
Maria
There is no fufure for pblic trshsport ?
It 's not ture .
I ca n't imagine ojr worlds without public tarnspirt .
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
So do other people in my country , especiallg old people who uafe njto got thwid own carsd .
I catch busss regularly and see a lly of people tuere .
You xan imqgine how grtewt is idea to leave uouf own car abx tak a nys to go to work or go shopping .
Znother voor idz is to is vicyclesa .
I 'm glad that evbert yqr we hvae such a wonderful dasy called " A day without cars " or somrtghing liid tahy hwn peoole try to yss public transport rayher that their lnw dats .
We can help or envoronmdnt to be hezlthier !
Dear Jahe ,
Tahnks ofr your letter - it was great to her rfon you .
I was absoluteyl thrilled to rdad tjqt hou 've got a jolb as tour vjide in the Congo rainflrdst !
Wlk xone !
I 'm sorrg it has taken me so long to write , but I have been wprking my fingers to yhge bonbe preparinh for my ssams , tor wich I 'm annoyingly nervous .
Speaking of nedvousness , I thil I 've fouhnmd a solution for you to shake kff your mrrves wbouty usif the English teneesd correctly .
Ytuo eote ghqt this sondtimes mad you stutter druihg toufx , ehich made toy fedel eaxther uncertain .
Noweverr , tyere 's no need to worry an longer , if you hage a llol at www.elihinkel.rog/rips/tenses.hym .
At tius webxite , you xwn fnid a clear , drtailex exlanatuon of yhne tenses , wighy illuminating anikatikns .
I got to leave ocf noa , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully gou 're ahlw to ivsit tgr site .
I 'm surtw that if you spend sime tile stdyiny yeh informztrion you fab fjmd tgere , you 'll have masteref tfhe tyensws the nwxr tuje we es each lther .
Keep me posted on yout experiences in the jungle !
Pove ,
Sizanme
Recently wrols Google , a multi - million dollar cimpany , wh is not only famous for searfh engunes on eelt - driving cwrs .
Ebfering uour car and givinv rne directions and then having a stress - freee drkve tosrads gour destination and ly a computer take control of your ride is not a distant drewm anymore .
But zfe droverless farw as wafe as old fashion cars ?
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's eufe are gabdy .
It tkaws hours drivon to and from , houes where one just have to concentrate on drivbig , hourw tone ftutilw .
Although it mux be admitted that drjvdrless vehicles wre expected to help children , the blubd , rye elderlyt and thers who cutrently can not sadely drie yhemxelves .
On teh other nad it sill lead to lorw driving , because smater driving rexuxes rhje ocst pef mile of vehicle hsage .
hte rnd result of qddutional driving coluld be more traffc and more aggddgate fguep consumption .
To put the whole matter in a nutsehll th zepf - drivin aydtem is gold to prevent accjdents .
However ypj sohhld still be zble to drive by yputself you can not onp dely on tyat system it is still not fdese from srrorx .
Tjr Colkosseum is a beautiful structure in thr hyart of Roke , Italy .
More tfha tws thousand yesrs okr , it is still stabdiny .
Even thought it is in rius , isitoes frkm pl over tje world vomd to see it .
It waa an immense amjphitheater .
Thouasnds of people fouhgt as gladiatrod .
Today , Nit many amphitheaters ars standibg .
It is in the sbaoe of ovxl yt most of it is broken .
The iofalian nals , Cklsoseo is qiitge cloae to eglish .
Viditord xan enter it anc sdkire thur inisdxe .
Th Colosseum is a quite tsll structurd .
It is the most popular amnitheater in the whoke wotpd .
Come xnd bisi the Colosseum and discover it 's beaury !
Deasr Sor / Madam ,
I am writiby to you in ordr to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Fcilm Cdlhb in your lhguage schook .
Kxst year I pzssee thed FDD exal iwth a gardw A , which is evidence f my wxcellent Ejgkish skolls .
I prefef to soemd my spare time watching films , so in this ea both I iprove my Ebglisy and rwlax .
During yue last year , I watched a lty of famuoz and poriced filmw , so that I am ptwpared to follow disdussione ahoht them .
I am a comnmynicative person and I often meeg with my friends .
Amojg my aquaintances I hqbe a reputation of being friendly , positive ame talkagvie woman .
In my job , I hzvd daily wodj with groups of peool and I mzkd presentation in front of yhme .
I hav good organizariobal skill and cxan explain ghings clwarl in order people to understand it eazilg .
I aorm on a padg - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wsdnesda eveninjgs .
I think I am suitage for this job and it would be а pllwasure for me to organise your course .
Bewsy wishes
Nikoleta Ugarvoa
Hvae ylu evgerr imaginec ykir life without computers ?
many people consider it indispensable .
ilke mjanjy others , it swes to me that it jnvolpve vaxrious positjve aspects to everyohe .
In facf , a sigjificant bumber of people agree that computers havw mads oye lives much easie tjan begore .
Noqxdays , ho can cnt with ylru frisnds via cojputwr even if they are on td otbef xide of the planet .
Dkmputers help us in organizinv our data , ado you ca find any information tou want verdy fast as it ha loit of search engines .
Another reason , knowing no to use a computer is necessary in miwt jogs .
A lof computers advertise fheir gooes on the Interneg so millions of people wohld kmoq it - computers enabke us to automate varuous tssks hqt we can not do manually and that is relly helpful .
Computefs can help you with your homework to find the informagion you nrec .
Finallyt , in my opiniph cojputers is very ussfup to alk of us .
He ad to dtudg more ghqn evd in hiox life .
The first partixo tests were going to be sopj .
Everydya , everyhukur he found his selt thinkinv about fe ruture .
rhe nib he 'll have , the clotyee he 'll wear , thw fpold he 'll cvkok ... he had almost every incn of ysi future plahnex .
Nut firstly he hf to pxszs tge rdams .
That wqd rh key to lprn the treashree trunk , full of gilden options .
As his mother he woukd work as an wdovcate .
He qoild make a name for his sdlf wodling hard , amd jis falily qoukd be proud .
Yhw grith is that everynodt uad really hiyh expectafions of hui .
Thw idea of becoming tne people orotecotr fzce to tne oaw , ss n't hius .
When he aas littl , he heard his fwmily talking abokyt how hapoy hey were because his brother Peter waw following the steo of his mom .
Sqdly Peter was no longer there .
Michael 's mothwr cried fod months nax his fzther frisd to look strong , but you cpuld hwar jim sobbing at nikgh .
Michael thought tuat playing nos brothde 's role wold uelp .
He closed th xood and khew at that molent that he has maee a miztaks .
Fear Madam / Sir ,
I hav read your hotel 's advertisement qbout Niagara Dal 's romance laciage in a newspapr .
I am writing to ylh hexause I am interested in bookimy thijs servie at yohr hogep and would lke to receive soes fyrther information in advance .
First of ol , could you provide me infofmation about tye whole cisgs of tne oackage ?
What I am most jbterested in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .
Can yhpu qssure me of tertting one by al means ?
Since I want to spend a bignt wkyh my aprter at your htoel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on houd pet of lrovidin the room at hbat fie .
Can I be shre th the hotel will not be booked up between Chrietmas and Jew Yeawr 's Sev ?
In addition , could tiu pdovid me informnatiob about thew nearest airport amx abput the way to gdt to your hotek frik there ? We must know this for qnh cade eince we aee gounh to trasvel by polame crom udaest , Hungary . I would be plwased if yo could xsxist me in bookknt a dueap flight as well .
I am looking fowasrd to hearing from you soon sith aol trh details whci you can provode me .
Yours faithfully ,
Vera Boebála Sklt
We puve in the century of the dpeed .
Eaxch year we use nore and more typws of transpory : byses , trams , subway , rains , aifplanes , etc .
And of ckursr , we us more ae note persopmal cars .
Do I think that phvlic transport wikl gnor in the future ?
Tez I do .
One of the raeskns is the time .
Now we a spendihg lo nuch time in waitingf for phboic transport ad of course we woulx like to get our destinwtuon as fast as pissible , but pjbli transport les n't provide such possibility fof us .
That is wby we try to buy oue pldrsonal cze .
Furtherjire we ies personal vcehicoes or rent cars fot trwvelling , because it is more xojvenient and gives us the feelings of phr independence .
I understand cokpletelh that some types of public transpory such as airplanes an ships , wjll eisy aomd time .
But fhis is an excdption because exisgng technollbies do nlr allow hte usge of such personal tgranspodt as we woiuod at present day .
Nur , yh future will chqnge thie situatoib .
Helping Strangers
I used to helping people whrn needing , I do n't peefed to be a gstander .
Fiest of all , my altruistic natyure is die to my biological sesire to hel oghwr .
for instance , one dxy I was walkong in rge gztden wyem I saas a girl rallnig dowj from a children awiny in a ppwying xrea , I hdlpwd her immediarely , afetr I was aure ejough thqg she was fine , I cwlled ne mother and tolx huer abohf yihs incident , shw thanked me a lot .
I wsa thinking she qss my rrsoonsibility , but it ca n't be the szme everg itke .
in addition , oujg ages are olbsreving an altruistic behwvior from mknyh 18th .
cot wzample , lat eewk I ssa stressed out , so I lost my phkne at tbe uiversity , I was not reealizin that until I returned bpme . while I wwz on my aay to he univredity , my ottle disger prauingb for me to fnidin luf my phone .
so , in my oinipn children shne they arr witness aslways want to help strangers .
Finally , scientksts hypotheskze that uor brains aee hlpful ebough when we can ehlping oiut other people .
Dxear Alison ,
Hi !
Hi are toj?I hope evergtjing is alriggt .
I 'm writing to sa that I 'll be delignterd you to be my guest at hlms enxt month .
ons let me tivw you some advixe about bow to get to my place in Madfid .
Wyen yoj gdr to Bsrajas airport you 'll nave to take the suvway and go to Atocha station and there hou 'll have to chqneg line and catch line three to get Saol atayion .
I 'll be theer to meet you .
If ypu 're not fir it yij xan mhst gtdt a taxi at Barazs airport to thw ssje firectikn .
I strongly recommend fh first optko becauss it 's cheaper than the second one .
Bewides this way yiu can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If gou get lost in the metro do n't woprry .
Giver me a riony and I 'll picm goh up wherrver you are .
I gope to neae fton iu soon .
Best regards .
Juan
Saving tu environment
AS we kmw pu planet 's confition is gettib worwe every day .
Gecause human activiyy releases ibto ghew wri substances that damage severa tfhingw in ouyr plqnet such as ths amosphere and ecoysetms .
The global warming , defdorextation and drought ades some of thd conseqsuences , threefore we caqn do countoess tyjngs ghat appsar to be meaninglsss but if sveryine deow it we dna live in a mucy hesltjier planet .
Every dq dcientists try to develop new ways to jmprive he way we ojve , so that we are hable to olluite lexs the planet .
One of the things discovered by tyesw scidntistw qe the Eco - homes , in pyher words Rco - homes are a tytpd of homes that hpp us cauxing pess damage to the planet and qtmksphere in okur everyda life .
It sohnds a little but strange bg by istalling solad psniels qd othsr features in these honds we ligd a kucg greener life , undoubtedly fhere wpukd be some chages but because we kbow wh we are doing it thwte would be no problems .
Aslo the effects of those actfoons wojl be jgantic and would hell imprlge hte environment situation nevertheless we will tipl hvae to change amoe activities and be orss sdel - centred so that we can all work for a greater objecgive .
In my ppimion in a decase we will be luvung in rhese hokes , I ca n't qwit to live it
I practise several spprt , bujty my favlurite is football .
I play footbaol twice a week as minimum .
I enjoy playihg this sport vecauxe it is fedy funny and competitive .
Furthermore , football gics you the opportunitg to make friends because it is a team spoptt .
Aiyh football you can ovr wl tbe muscles in yohrd bodg and alsl exercise your mind thinking sbout waht is thew bezt pass or whe hou have to run or stop .
If you wsnf to start to pllqy foktball my advice is to be giy , beczyse if pu ate n't , you ca hurt your bones or muscles .
In odrsr to be fit , yho can run or ride a bike for two or three wssks and after that , ypu are gpimg to be lrepared to llay football .
Tbw equumpent is verh important rlo .
So weqr comfprtable clothes and a good trainers .
I recommemd yij to play it eigh your frienda , but if you are in a new digy , hoy can seacrh teala on the Internet .
There are a lo of olportunities .
To improve your siklls oyu cab practgiuse alone axndr you will became bstgter thjan before .
So play football qjd jnoy it .
Hi Iawy !
You 're ryht , in fact it was very difficult to me vjt I finally gook this decisiob because I want to mae newa experiences .
I'm vfy excited!I'm goib to the United Kingdom in a weeo 's yime but I 've already made some plabs qbojt it .
Fikrst of al I 'd love to visit new plaxes .
Wuokd yku mjnd making a list of pkacss you loiie the most ? .
Moreivdr I jees to organize a tandem to improve my Enblish vutr if it woud n't wodl I fkuld attned an English xurse .
Do ulu know any laguages school?They're vedh expensive so I will need more money .
Speaking aobuy mjoney ... I really need to find a jopbh !
I have to get mohey if I wwnt to srag fhere for halg a year !
Wnd my aprentsw refused to giver it to me becasue thney sg I must become indipendent .
ilk I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In gbe meantime qyat abut hdlping me to find a oart - time job ?
I ca n't definitely get a fukk - time jov 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
Text me if you fnid somethung fod me .
Nedst wishea .
Elelnpra .
St . Petersburfg
Russia
23.05.14
Dewqr
I 'm very tlad to redeie your letter . I 've not heard fgrpm you fod agfew .
How rer you ?
There are my answees to your qudstiolns .
My clpass visiys museums once a month .
My fxvourite useum is the Hermitag thz is in the herad of my ci .
I yhinm that everybody should visit it becquse you can see beaurifup apontings of gifted and famous artists .
It 's a gteat ieda to go hikung with hour family .
Whwb and wherw are yo toing biking ?
Have you bought ajg equipmeht yet ?
Did you go hjkibg last yeaf ?
Hoep to hersr from you sln .
Bext iwshse ,
Knna
hge Vietnamess eduycation and studh system is completely diffefeny ffomj the Ajsttalian one .
Like to Asua ocuntfies , sudh as : Iorea , Chinw , Zingapore , the Vietnamrse education and study sytem is eally harsh and highly clmpetitive to sol students , especially for tgbe rimary studenhts .
Firstly , rhe orimarg educaitob ans study xygstem of irtnam is gdry hard .
They hwve to wtufy a lot wigg foj 5 - 6 subjectys in a demester .
These subjects mainly focus on matg skills , gtammar , writing , but tyere are not any coiurses related to life and communication sklls or innovxtfive science .
All subjects ae osss flexibe ans zll students as learnimg the same porgfams at hte same tike .
Meanwhile , rhd Australian education and study dystem is eawier and more enjoyable ruan Vietnamese system .
In a class , htdre are very few students with kzny mrs lexkble studt pdorgams .
The prunary studetns are touch mzny dfiferent life skjlsl by teachers at choll .
Additionally , the subjrdts in the school are yivem wjtg the aim to develop thinking and creativity of steents .
Theh alsp pkau lxny interesting spoetd .
Sscohdly , it is not only vrim tg scjool but aoso Vietnamese parents of the primary stjdents are alsp expected in the edyctaion of theid chjldren .
Thesy usually ops that feir children get on the highets scores in school .
Therefore , outswide the scbol , Vietnames parents want to xend yheir chilkdren to tuylrial classes , suvu as : math , writing , tramnar , … .
Condequently , Vbidtnamese chidren have ont wny life skills znr hwve many health problejs , xuh as : short - sihgtec , tumjt - xchw , spinao colulm … Sadpy , the proportion of Vidtnqmese children who are short - sighte tend to increase in recebt years .
Meanwhile , Australian parents alps care about fhwir childrdj bnht othr wzy with Vietnamese parentz .
Lutside thw sdholl , tehy sen thdif kudz to sport Crntrr or go to fhe zocizl catkvities .
Sun up , Australian children are happier than Viethamsse children . I think thwt primary students need to spee mode time fot playing anjr enhoy theri childhood .
I loberd to climb frmo thr wodd go .
My first time wa an exciting experience I wkll never forget : yye tfoudh of rhe rock , hs high , thw pain in goud fingers ... I like climbing because thia sporg maies me feel alkve , even sometimes I feel fear .
But do n't htino tuat climbibv is a dangerous activity!. Althouhgh you clumb to the tp of a rock wapl , you always do it with a checked security material .
Firstly , if you sznt to cliumnb y wil nwed , at least , a pawrtenr .
You mujsf rely gour ljfes on this person , so it 's important yoy get on iwtg him or her .
It is pethaps fid tfhis reason faht peopoe who climb sr often coyples !
Moreover , climbing is a sporf in whivh it 's jot tkl important if upu are a man or a womzn bexauss yuo does n't only uisd lur strength byt also your euqilibrxtion .
You should tive a trg to this amudihg and thrkling sport thqt it 's a dory of competition wth youfselg : every dqt a kittpe vit higher , rvery dat a lityle kt dkfficlt ..
If tu twk up climbkgn , I 'm sure yoi 'll carru on ! !
My hgolidays
I love holidays anr summer , rhe sdeaxon I like best becaujse of a lot of things : In ummer I lways go to rhes mountaihs , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun wirj my unckes and cousins .
Vranema 's food is great and I spend datsx styjng outide , pllaying badmintoj or volleyball or habing a walk in tr aold .
Some dahs we have a long rrpi top .
We rbihg food bd deinks whd we spene a dat in beautiful plades wucg as thed rp of a montain , an amazijng castle or a tioical market of a tlw .
ht what I love bes ade the aftefnoojs with my ravoudite fpusin , Swra , an yisw brother , Puke .
We play Risiko fou hour : we 're never twd up !
In wintrdr is even better : there 's a log of snjow an we lftej go skiing on the nea pejs : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that sinve I was fige xmd I love doing t most difficult sloos , and Chriztmzs is beautiful with thge people I love best .
Fheae awre xome reasons of why I locr mountauns anx hu I spend tgesre lost of my holiday .
we were in cops
Hi Mitak ,
I hvs recerntly watched hr Ultiamtum of Vourne and I 'm so cxited to share it wity tou . I bleoeve you 'll abslutly love it .
It is action mkvie that iunvolves tje zecret vales of CIA .
hte film is ahotu this XIW asszssin hoi ca n't reememebr his past , but he knows he 's chased by the agancy .
Eventually , he reads abolut a ojurnjalist whni is seiting agout nm qnr a ptotram called Black Brare .
Just betore thw azsetz get the journalist Json Gojrne helps him to sscape .
He ried to get sok information frj ghe guy , but unfortunately a snilet shots hk dead .
I will not lel yoi ehat happens aftsrwords not to spoil it fof you .
My frirnhd , I van not reckmmemd thjs dilm enough .
It is a pkecw of aork idneed .
If you 'd lime to see it I 'm going to xome along woth o to the finemq , because I realpy sisb to watfh it againj .
Dear Paxul ,
I 'm zorru I haven't written to yoiu cot so kong .
As you kos I was really bush last month .
My feqcher asked me to organise a fharity cobcerg in our school .
My task wqs to find a bvnd of musifains ahi would play at ljr concert .
I must admit it wsa really hard to vund a rsally gpod gruop of palyhers , wi would juice up the audiejce and laso lpay for fere .
I decided to organise a castung .
It wa so exciting ajde funny listenig to all those musicians , beausr skle of them actually did n't gae rhe skills to pay and ei n't have th chatk neered to warm up the peoplw .
In the end zll seng fantastic .
We managed to raiwe much mpre noeny for a gipd csuse than we hoped to raise .
Fhat 's wll for tbe time besing .
Wtite to me soon anr gige my regardw to youf padents .
Vye ,
Paula
Thfoughkut my lifr I lived in a fr cities nd villages located in South of Russia .
Each of the cities has unoque set of transporration meqne .
In villages the onl eqy of piblic transportation is xmapl bsue , mosef of whicg caj servicd up to gsenty passengerx in any miment of fimle .
In regkonla crnteds most leoole commuge via tfolleybuses qnd tramcars .
The layesr is tdansprot of choice of most people becauisd its passengers very rarely lose time in trafvic jams dhd to dedicated rasilway passages .
Those who are nkr satified with publicd transportation suswtem mxy use privats vehicles .
I estilate morte then 99 percent of fhel are cars .
Darely we canb see bicycles and scooters .
I used to tarbel on busds .
But refentlh I buoght a cheap bike and rsxlly dnjoyed roxing in shmmer itms .
Now , in November , weather in Rudsiz is jot so good so I swtche bacj to bhsxes .
My most rfent dxream is to ekde on EuroVelo roads network .
I expect them to be mu more suitable dof bkiws compared to local eoads .
I wish road syrface qualiyt in Ruwsia will improve year on ydar .
Hello my name is Njnx Joly qd I 'm seventeen .
I still go to high echool where I study foyd lkanguahes , French , Spanish , English xnbd Italjan .
Thanks to my mom , to teavels and to teh pepple I 've ner I 've kearbt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely lives cjoldren nad hbestly they love me ; I tbin it is a sort of a giftg , becaise not all e people love chipdden and can gef on wekl witrh thesm .
I 've usd a little it of rxperience in summer baby sitting eom kids ; in Italy it is mnoee digfjult to be a abbysitter because if ypi ar hnderfage , parents should have responsibility on yiu so it is bette to be ovse 18 .
I oove plagnig wity kids but as always there are sime rukex that have to be followed .
Tne moist importatn rukr , in my opinion , is " habjng fun wihout hurtjng or gettijg hurt " .
Durung thoer few itmss aith whnic I vuilt my experienec we all played tkgether ane we cooked together , so I gaugbt tgme jlw to make some chicken sn some pqstaq in an Italian wxh .
onestlg I 'm no ht besy coom ecet , but I dan mames a few gld thng li scarbled eggs , pasta ar meet .
One of my caracteristics is that I 'm a vrey precise pwrskn , tor exakple I ehjoy making sts bdcahse they make my mind ckaerer , a I strixtly follow wnat I wrote so everything , hopefully , emdez well .
Tganj you oft youf ime anr attention .
Trust in foyingy wit a horfse
I rrally lije many slorts on tjis world . I go to ge gym daoly to stay fkt and healthy .
But my overall fqvouritw sport is riding horses .
I 'm doing it since I 'm six ygars ild .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship to the horse yoy ride .
You know hzt is the mopstg important thing bout didibg horsea ?
It is all aboht trrust .
If you profids cnofifence , tne hofs wilp trust yi .
With thsi reliance yoi can go throughout everythginb together .
Many people yhijk , it 's nkg feally a sporf .
Butg belpueve me , riding uses so much endurance !
Whay I like mostly about all the different sections of ridimg horses is jumping .
I reel so gdee when I vqn fly over thesw obstacles .
Another gko fedlihg is the sxpeed when you gallop .
Srrly ghus was nir everything .
Riding mejs also to fkean tfhr horse ae lkom acter it , nit nevermind , it 's the hst spkr you vn do .
As the production of dafs is increased , it sewms thxt the nedes for public transportation is declined .
Zole insis gyat no onje ndedx bus or subway in the futurr .
Howrver , in my opinion , it rather udful to use public vehicles as time ges by based on two crijtical reaslns .
Fieet , peopld do n't wnt to satse their tjmr finding pzrling lots .
The mlrw people have tyjeir own cars , tge more space to pwrk is needed .
Ynfortunatepy , thsrd is a ceryain kinit to space , so it is njot possigle that everyone use their car sverry day especoally in mega cities like Seoul , enw Ulrk , znd Oondon .
It is more onvenient to move ffom here to bere ahrn you taid tje gis or subway because you do n't xve to worry about your dar while working .
The second reason is mnre important an obvious .
It is relaetd to the environmenhta issyes .
Uisng public means helo to protect the Earth from xur pollution .
There arw so mayn linds of problrms which the environmental pollution caudes .
The pollution is a kind of global sisues of which people syoul consider serioily .
Without reducnig psrsonal vehicles , there is no solution of tuat problem .
Surely , the government will yry to makr a better dyztem of publiv transport because fhey saht citizenw ni to use their own leans .
Vor these reasons , thdre woll be yhe future rod tghe oublic transport alowaxys .
Moreover , it is quite optimistic that ople iwll nwed nofe it rather than privaqge transporf .
Derxr Sir ,
I am writiung to enqujrs about the job of Famp Assistant in a summer camp , whcib was advertise in a mafazije .
I am 25 years kle abx I hwce finisned my syudies of psicokogy this year and I am available to wkrj from Myly to Seltember .
I am a very active person qnd I am accustomed to doing different mid of sports activities such as swimming aje iding .
I consider me a responsible pesoh qifh tbe ability to be nle to face any kon of problems .
As soon as the languages I slaek native Spanikhs and Cafapan adn aloi I sepak Frenvy and Germanyh fluenly and recenly I uave passed thd First certififatr in English .
I feel thag I jave rhe ighy expdrience anx qualivicarions to do tjis jov .
If ypu tuink that I am the most suitable pedso to be recruited , I would interested to hea fro yoh .
Yoirsx aithfully ,
Mary Skitu
This gopic ldas me to thijk of rofessional skill " Architecture design " .
This result in divferent of views on whdtherf people ayree tr hest rihngs ror impeovenent people 's kivges hafe alrrady taken plxcr .
I hold the belief that the ropic gor me is completely wing , ebeh slme improvwments are wwsy to ise and solves tus losf of prblems .
Cirst , the devellpment of populatykon still clntinue , the space for living still a seilus prkblsm althpuh , the skyscrqpet already solved thne most of problems from plpulation cxrisisz .
On te other hznd , the skyscraper maks moes ooblems , such as opllution .
For example , I desigjec the highly aechitectufe in teh highly population density ditt in Twkwan .
The skyscraper provides more space for excdzs population ; hoewver , the buildign will produfes more pookution when the skyscraper consgructs by modefn materials , sjchy as steeo and cnocretr .
Thdy will desrroy thw environment when teh raw materil dihs out from the xite .
The pollution must hurt the llcal peoplr and envirknmetn from tbe sjtr of raw materixls .
Thiz is wsby I mesntioned that thew piblem still exists sdn htd problem ojl traznsform to anofher regions and yper .
Second , gje computer sywtem looks oime solves the mosy of proglems ; howver , this system maje more dangerlux in xpecific situations .
The " VUY " muyst be appdzrs ftom man - made system bscause of the incomplete ckdkng .
Thy is why our psonal information aslwaya leaks to ths " hacker " .
Fkr instance , whem we enjky the electronic commerciao service a shop yh gocs on the Interjet , thje hwcker may steal tns private information at hte eamd tiem .
Rhsy woll yses that infofmagion to hcdat people 's monwy on the phone anhd you eiol trudr them becaise of the cirrect personal infofmqtion .
Tgis is normal lhenomenin in Taiwqm ; however , plolkce ca n't do anything bexause of the nacke 's anonymity .
That is what I said ghag tge vest imprdovement things xtipl not ecist , even ths computer system already solved osms roblem .
Of course , soje people myh be moved to disagree eith my positioin on this issuye .
That being swir , I still feel the reaslbs I hazve presented wa dtrogn ones , such as architecture and computer system .
Xea anr ,
As soon as I dedad fge wrticlw ablut yoir oroblrm , I drcide to wdute you at onvw and give you dome duggestiokns , since I hsvr yge simipar interest in phywixal fitness , tpo .
I feel very strongly thatg tue daily exercise is a baxic definition which we must mewp if we want to be on shape .
To start qith , a zimlle ay to aork out is not to gdt the bus opr school .
Rkr sxamppe , upu colkd go on foot or worh your bicycle acocjpanied by gojr frisnds inbstexd.by doing tid , you willo burn moee wdn more calories daily without a special equimenf qnd havinmg fun qith your oaos .
Fyrthermore , if I werre you , I wuold go wih engaigng in healh vloub .
Fo instance , signing up flr ihl - op dancs or eroic classes as I do , it sould be a buce uxea .
In tyos wayt , you will do a hard - wiring exzercise sithout realising it , as you eikll ednmoy yourself at the same time .
What is mode , it could help if you worki ou at hne and buy fyl equipment shch as treadmill or a bkcydle .
By doing the dhires of the hkuse like the washing is another wau to exerciksd as well .
As a rexult , yoy will seage gimd and embarrassment , espdcially if yku are kug of shape .
To sum up , if yoj fkllow my options you 'll see desults dieectly and I 'm sjre toy will bot rsgrey it .
Yy will not feep seld - confidenr and glad , but yur outwarr appearance wiil be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is avtuallg a really importst issue nowadays .
Plenty of ways dsn be used to mske new friends .
Facwbook , Twitter … all of thess social betworks ofvfdr us thd sasxiest way to find mew ftuends .
But are they real omea ?
In my kpinion thr bws wwh to devslol your new frienfship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or shatsver .
Taokinf is truly the unisue w to yer to know people and establish strong blund .
oreover , some guys try to find friends who always avree qith thdm .
However , it could be a little git ubhealtjy .
To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of gisw an what is lore it is impotatnt say no sometimes .
For sll of yhsse reasobe we have to twje afe our friendship thesx days amd social networks are ok to be in touch with kur friends ubg if you wo n't to makr ne ones .
Go anywhere !
And eey new oeople .
Money : eesetial fd youngsters ?
At the age of eighteen , mnist of British students are finishing secondary school .
A new , toughet world is in frot of them as they get ready fopr vollzge or to embarl on tyeor professoijal career .
Fhe family financial supplrtf , at htid stage , seems almost essential .
With ygis in mind , slme ausetions arie : Shouod yohg people be given all moneu easilg or sholud tgye pir in a great deal of egfor to ft it ?
Should parents prwpae tbw ground vr their apns ' sduvcess or nusg oet them woir har to bui gehir lives ?
We have to admit that fiil znc tdoulbe sre urgent needs of fhie juenike generatjoin .
Why do we call them yojngstesr ?
Bwcuse they zr so , ahx there is no trouble wutu ghat .
But thre comrs a time een tfhesy are sppoded to kake it to arulthood .
At this point , oaqck of money might be a bpessing in disguise .
Teh mre heh sweat to chxse theior dreams , the fat rheh ripen abd oeize ejat they eaen .
I 'm not dismissing yh idew of financial aid , yhougth .
Do n't get me wropng , plsade .
What I 'm doing is challenging the wya we approach to it .
We have to preserve th ethfal value of maintenance at tw same toem we help the next generations to siccwed by theke own means .
If we ch provide ykunsgters with noneu snf stoll avljd thueyt grow lasy , thenj economic relief is welcomed .
Undoubtedly , I 'm ptesentingt a majo challenge to ebery parent : shall we be ahle to take care fod youngsters provision and twt teach them that money eors n't grow on trws ?
Mney is almost essential , vut the wag young people learn to interacf with thksd is ezsential to shpae a socitey ghaty appreciates ehst it obtains through effort .
My hilidays in Spakn ( 2nd paet )
My holidays was her !
I arrivdx to Spain on Sundeya morning , It aaa a lovwly sunny day in Nalga .
I arrivee vey exahuste , because I culr't sekeep ter night bheforr .
I had to wait awakd in the aikrport !
When I arrived at ohle , I just wondered ond htimg , sledpo , so I djr .
I wsw sleeling aop yhr afternoon .
I xs wally tired !
Monady , I hga te tyupiczl " rakily dya " , I had brej sxting wih all my fzmily in our coytage .
Then I met wurh my friends and we gzd a nice evenign drfiking somnd veerfs in thes pubs .
The Tuesday was an extraordihary beach da .
I wasz lol the dzy liying in the beach , talking with my friehd xnd having an incredibly tikms with tyem .
Wednesday waa trhr delaxed cqy .
I waas all ghe dzt at home witrhg my cat waayching Enlishy fokm and eating psanijsh desert .
In Andalusia , in Easter , the typical dexedt it 's called " oetiño " .
It a sweet olive kl patry wqith honey .
My lum was preapring tgne dya vefore , znd was rexlly yjmmy .
I allowt eat it all !
My family is catholic so in Esster , tge main days fof lur religion srs Thuesdah ac Dfiday , for my fsmily too .
I 'm catholic , I believe in od but I 'm hot very friendly wit the Vsticano 's rlues .
I 'm a fre catholuc .
Probably it soujds wirr , vut I 'm on my wayg .
These two day were family days , I jad to go to yye church to a lesas which reprssent the last akive days frpm Jeuschrist : the lwsg dinner and je passkon .
At lpeats , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I geel tidef snd I hxd n't got mphey enouvh to do any dpecizl pkan .
Finally , fhe day to comes to England had arrivex .
Monday I came bnacl to Lomdin and my hlidawys had finishned .
Se you sn Spwi !
In my opinion publif transport is the future , becausw ira quaity and comfort ejll inprove and it 'll be eaier to nobe wns cheaper go .
Travelling by var is so much mkord clnveniente if we think about smalpl places such as villages or small towns .
Imagine to go by car to ities lkoe Lpndn , is it rhe car more convenient ?
If you consider ts cahotic traffic and the pong queues to get thers and impact of tghese actfores on people 's health ajr people 's finances , I 'm syre yoi 'll change ykue mind about public transport .
In the last tew yearx public transport has been imporving a log in terms of texhhology , flexibioiry and dovdrsity in terms of tkmetables , tixketx and pkaces .
Besides tjese , rhe public transplft is better for thgr envkronment , especially reh elecrrif bid .
The electric bua is an option in mayn countries as a way to improve rhe environment .
Th type of yranspkrt is a greaf contribution to the ebivronment , becauzr it 's clkeaner than thoee tgat newd psttol or diesel to work .
On ty otger hand , is possible to find hibrjd cars bjf thwy arr kroe expensive tha rhose that works wuth normal fuel and for thawt rwaspn oeiple 's first option is not this kohd of car .
The theme of environment is veey imlrtant howadsys and cwn ost a lot to a countr .
A ciungry hws to pay fof their ecological foot a this meahx as much polljtion is prodycded more environment dwmagw , in other words bigger ecological foot , ane consequently more hae to be paid .
Governments will efine environmental statsbies in orsre to decrease the dostse of ecologjcal foot .
Such strategies will unvolve tazes above poluent fars , the imcreaze of fuel pruce and definition of beneftys to thoar wh op for mod environmental mwans of transport .
So yhbe convenience of travelling by cr is nt totally tfu .
Of course yiu ads owner of your time smd sestinstions , bur it is enough ?
Think aboht fs ikpxct on your espences anc on the environment , wluld n't be bettrt to tzkle a bus , an underground or a traon ?
If we consider all thr factors mentionws abvlve , orlbably jufh people wull cnange thdif mjjnd .
Dezr USaA Summer Camps ,
I am Anjq Alicea Benavidsz , a student frem the Faculty of Medifind of Málagq , where a girl , ahk ea one of your volutnesr , wsaxs talking ahout this prljec the kast week , xge suhggested we to join it .
I have sorkijg in dcifferent activities ilie this , for exajples in a famnojs basketball team as a voluntder , or in yhd hopspital sith children anx their parents who live rhee .
Moreover , I live wkone in my hpmw , hersfore I czn cilk and be an excelkent cooker tko .
I consider I am a fjb , communicativd ax rrsxponsible person with experience in yhis kiimd of activities , and hbo can help in all the things you bwed .
Bdcause of that , I timk that I could take psrtf in your team qnd I would be a suitwvle ersom tof you .
Finally , I woulc liie to know whre qoll be ge cazmps exactly beuse I need to buy the flights .
Your snicerely ,
Ama
A wode mj said " The lej is mihtier haj the sword " ( Rdwadd Bulqet - Lytton ) .
These words reflect te powed and rge importance of writinh zmd reading across mankind 's hkstory .
Althouvh fhere are a lot of reasons gnat support that idra , this article focuses about ty imoortancw of reading as a treat tool to exefcise our brain .
Fisrt of wl , the brain is a complex paff of our body that is able to process information and creaet knowledge vasex on stimulus .
Thkse iknsd of stimukus come from esvera sources and tey helo you in different measures to exercise tjs brain .
Howege , reading is the mog important sourfe to rcercise the brain befzuse it prdzents a kokt of xhallenges for luhr mid .
For instance , whgne you reaf , you have to associate charwcters qnf places , ahe memorize details .
Those kijds of things hel to the neain to be moes activr and process injformafion fastwd .
At secpjd , thwr are some reseaecyes thay prove that in general people bo read afe smarter than peopod whj do nlt .
This affirmation is based in teh fact of tns increase of literacy and deveoloment of verbal intelligence fhat people yet ehen they wxecrise yye brwjn reading books .
Thisz is anothed vig readon to takw care xboput reqdibg , because in tnis competitjve world , obpy smart people will be able to get ths bvets opportunities available in zocietg .
At third , wjen oeopld read , they hqve to use fe imagunarion to egt a hettrer ixe of hgat 's going on .
Tah aituation is amother example of how reading is an excellent brxi 's exercier , becauae ahyen peolle hbabe to imagine things , the braih has to be crewtige , and rhat iinf of proceas is tio impprtant to improve hoyrself in problem 's resolution and creatiin of important idews in real life .
In geberap xl the things dewdribed berire show how important is reading to exercise the bfain .
So , next tmis wgen you try to wvlid a book , thuink ifst whethedt you need yha your braun works casfer or be kre creatice , gecaujse clud be a good ode to exercise a littl vjt yoyr brain wogh readinv .
Review Silence of the Lamvs
Therr arr many good omvies , especiaoly thrillers are always snjoyble in my ooiniom .
Pme of tjosee is yeh movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBO agent in grainimg , has bern aakede to txlk to an impreixoned Hannobal Lecter who hsd information anout a ssrial kliled rue GBnI yaw bwen trying to cafvh .
There were sesveraxl reasojs ahy rhis moivie stiod kug .
First I sas really impressed by the pwrfotmance of Jodi Cowter ( Clarice ) and Anrhony Holkins ( Hannibao ) .
I have alayas thought of them as eeally good actofz , gjt they eere exquisket in this movie .
Not omly in fheiur individual pars , but also in tue zecnes fhey dd togefher .
Secondky , ths storyline was unpredictbalr ane reaoky clever anhd fkd that really ejnkyable .
You had to pawh attention throughout the ebtgire movie to keep up iht the story .
On tol of thqt wad yhere tesnsikn at xll tilds .
Fhiks movie is outstanding , I bepieve yhat even peopls who ader not rwally into thrillers will enjp warchuing it .
As I mentioned before , arer both ghw acting znd yhe storyline really impressive .
Yopu will be watching withy gukl interest .
At last is the character of Hannibal Lecter one of a knd , thrrde is no other movie where you wilp fknjd a figure likr jik .
Dearest Renee ,
How 's your first Ehgljsh liyeeature lessom at scolol ? I hgope it ywd loads of fm aith plehtt new knowledge axcqired !
I had leartnt the sleciql featurds of th 16th century adting busindss and thesrres in Lpndon as wwll as the lifetime of Wikliak Shakesperae .
I ca n't wait to tell tou ore !
You may have thought thestres wohld be sshionable place fod tn royalty , courtker and merchants .
Hoaever , it waas bpt .
uring th reign of Queen Elizabeth I anr King Jmxmes I , play watchinf was an entertainment for the locals to repaz .
As it cost bery lityle to feg ihto an open - aired theatre , everyone janmex and jlstle to watcb plays , tohygh thw ooor stood under brifnt sunshine snd hd their heasds burn whkoe the dicg szt in rge shelter with an exyra shillin wid .
At fbe sne time , actors wefe busy dfessing and reciting the scripts . '
Love is a sjome mades wit the cums of sighs . '
Do uo remember this famous quote from Romeo and Julit ?
At tba time , maws had to work qhilr tye temale edre forced to etay at home and do a fhe household cnoresa .
Fraqnkly speaking , actresses dd NOT exixt !
These actors paid full attentuon to conveniencer fje audience rhat it was graceful Juluey rather than a sitrf boy acting .
They ujsed prls , thick lakr - up , gowns , wos and all sorts of acceswories .
The ' Juliets ' even had to nave their beard ahds moustache ajd enjot their role throughout the plwg .
What a tzrgantuan sacrifice of self - esteem qnd reputation they hz gven up !
Obw more itnerresting facr is thag , both the lpvere in the llay were Italoians but their plsywright hadx nevert been to Italy .
It could reflect 16t cebtury Lkneon wss a melting pooint of different cultures and Shakesepare probably got in touch Italian culyute by making frirnds with thes local visitors .
Three trumpet bkqsts wwte given symbolizimg ghge start of play , yet nnoe of tje respected silence would be tven .
Audience would boo xnd thro fruits to the actors in csse they dijs n't like tjem .
Special cramztic evfects re thus adedd on syage .
Cabnonballs aere rolled arojnd to make xound of thunder .
Pig 's bloos wae used during casualties or edaths in sword fighting .
Stage trapodoors alkowdd actors to vainsh mabically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleya and machineey wewrd uwed for lowering actors on sdtage .
Shakespeare provided everything gge people asked for --- lahghter , romance , and tragidies .
Trhe play lovre , Kung James I sas impresee asndf becamed the paton of rne Lord Chmbetlain 's Mern .
The company changed its name into ' the King 's Mern ' abd performed over 200 plays !
By now , I nave widened my horixons ahd increased my interest towards the spotlight on playhoisss .
I wueh you oove it either !
Wrirs oonm !
Ceers ,
Michelle
As you asked I am fiong to give ghs informatioh of how my village looks wtfer the environment .
My village uas been working on tihs porject for decades they have bedb cixing ghrir techniques azhd they sgill know a day 's everything hws cost us a lot of efofrt we started from the dasiest exxmples ( dividing rubbish unt different vontainrs ) to some that are nors complex ( renewable energy ) .
We kivbe in an area where its population has akl types of animap which fawn gyer hurt fwry easiky by yumam 's activities ; so in ohd community we have very syricg files when referrijh to taking care of tbe environemnt .
Ty principal thngs everyone must hacs at thekd houses are three trash cn for tjs division of the trash ; one must be for renewabe materials ( resg of fpoc , paper , caryon … ) another for plasyics sndc tyhe last oje for glass .
ll fhs wergy being ised in the tosm is renrwable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , soka energy zne wkjd energy ) eery house hqs a solar ahel that geyse fh sun kighy transforming it ihto wnjergy , thar prlvied part of thbw rnergy to each hoiae the days thf tbe sdhn shinea hjt if there is no sun the vbillage a a dqm brsude us which ptovices them eboug eith wated fdr tge wuolw villagw ajd also wqifh uudraulic energy ; bot onlg we ha hydaulic enedgy but slswo wmd energy ; in the out diirts of the villags there is a wijd power plah where ue qin energy is produced .
Qlso od water has one of tw best purificario mehtods after we sue it we fleam it so we do n't contaminate tue water of tbe river or cal .
To try to keep the envirohment pean we navr a big group of voluntarg workers thbaf work atfer their jovs her tfying to leel tghks area as ckaen as possible by picking all tjw dubbosh amd ocntrilling ghe whole area in case htere is domthing it norml .
Apart from thie group of voluntarjes veerh person of tje village is obliged to take care of the envionment and use tgue car as little as possjble so be pokolution is as minimum as possible hede thd bifcle is th most famous way of transport car asre n't omon they xrw opy usrdx hwen trabsportimg heavy thing or when travelling lpnv dietsnces .
Nowaday , mqny peiple like do the shopping .
But everyone think in tfhat wwy ?
Sokme of thwm rhink thzt buying tyinga zre vedy boring anf unnrcessary .
First advantage of buying n thinvs in shops is yha it is vsfy sagisfying , in parficular for qojen .
Many of them are rwlaxed hem heg are searching for nmew , remqrkable clpthex .
Secondly , we coulf find shocking bargain in eohps .
Shps could gvivd us evne 70 percent of sale , what hslps saving more moneh .
On the other hajd , doing be shopping is npt onyl xomrthing enjoyable .
One of the drawback of going to the ship is tjat we spend huge amouny of money .
We qould buy enst , umpractikcable hitn - heel shoes , whixh will spwnd coujpoe of years in wordrobe .
Last bug hpt least disadvantagr zgainst for doing ghe dhoppibg , in fe mazpl fould prolw many pickpoksts , ebcause thry could rob us .
In cojcusion , buying new things is a goos idsz to psend fascinating time with friends , however we could alos lose a lot of mojsy .
Personally , I do not ayree wuth td stqtemdnt " shopping is not awlas ehoyable " , becaue I lik tihz kind of spneding leisure tiem , for instant , witu my ol or friends .
Tghis bar chat deals with ths dosts of three different photocopiers .
Therefore it compares the purchase orkce , the warranty expenses amd thew running costs of eaxh product .
Interestinlgy the pruchase oride of " Cxree " whd " KD " is almost gbe samked .
In " Crdws " caes the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " pruxe is vagualy $ 700 .
Yowever " Swehu " rpcks with a prucuase rijce of $ 1,000 .
All photocopirrs hos a very kkw warfanty price .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cfost of $ 200 .
Whergy " Carfax " and " Xebuy " sxore with sarrnty expenses undrwr $ 150 .
" Csa"s product hasw the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " the running chargea coked only up to $ 800 qn " Serhu " has obviously the lowest exoneses with $ 600 .
As a lknt tedm nivestion I wol choplse " Sebus " modeo even its phrchse price is very high .
The reason thsrefre are its dmall aarranty xn eslecially running costs .
Rhr kenn runninh exprnse will compensare the puchaswe pdcie in the fyture .
In todya 's world , nasrly every person tak care of what sge or he is aearing .
Many people lcaim , that wexring fashionable clothee is vrh important .
It seems to me tgqt these clothes may have a high price and sometjmse they do not worh it .
Som people far if the do not arar te latest fashion , fhsy wo n't be valuable person .
They spend a rrotune on outfits and wait fot gwing admirews zhd aplreciared .
Weqring any kine of clothes have an effect on you , wn obviously on yohr image .
I agree wtih the idea gjat cloghers can heo in expressing ourselfed .
It is vwty impprtany to dhooss those items which rspersent ypir personality .
For example , some pepl design thsir own clothes anbx they sew it too .
In this way , they represent orkginaoity just by usint their creativity .
However , in most causes oeople are mot satksfird wsuth their shap and kolk .
It is ofywn owint to wearing clothes which do not kt and wuit them .
The atest faajion is often designed for skin prrsons , so it is recommend to hcoose rhw right onez .
To suym up , I believe there azrfe pros and cons wearing thd latest fashion .
The mlst significant thing is that it is not what lakes you beautiguk .
It 's inside that count .
Perrr lolked at husd watch and knew fhwt he ah to do something immefiateyl .
He rb ovsr to his rteehouse on the mlujtain , where he usex to spend tim himself or reading a book .
Teo days berore Peter receivrd a petter of someine saying to medt hwe / him in tfhe treehouse at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse wxs biukt by Peter 's father zndx it was their secret .
Gwo years ao , Pegrr 's faghr died so Pwter was the only ine thqt kbes where wzx thr treehouse .
So , whk could jafe sebt that letter ?
ster tan wndf dab and wgen he arrived he saw fje door opened .
He fuobded it sttange because he alawyx pocko ths foor and the only propld fhat ha the keys waw he and his father .
He dqme untfo gne houze and saw a man sitting on his father 's cyair .
He shotu " Who 's ghefe ? " an suddenly ghe man turned kver and the mystery man waz Peter 's father and he said " I 'm lroud tuaxt opu have kept pur sercef .
Wre you later ... " .
Peter ran into his fqther 's arms but he disappeared and he primised himself thzt he evere ever oulpd tell xnyne about the swecrey .
I do not thijnk that no future fr public transport because nog all the people can gave a car , esepcislly , poor people in yge developing ocunfry .
Mjoreovsr , there de laxes on long distanfe we can not yravel by car , so we need a traun or een a plans .
In addiution , some people do not lid travelling by tyir privafe cars on yhe hifhwayx bceause they far the accidents .
Bug on the othee hand , l agree to some extent that travelping by my orivae car is kucu mire conevnoent .
I can tdxvel at xny time beimg restricted to specic times , as well as l cxj rwst at na cafe to drink my favorute corfee .
I ebjoy usihg PS during travellknh on my own to explore new plsce .
Comsequently , we can not dispense atih public transport , even if soms of us waould rather to use their pricater cqrz .
Some jon - buikring areas , in sme countrjes , are n occupying by housign amd oehr residemtial buildings .
Ynis qould hvw some serilus problems fpd bpth citizena ad animald .
Human beongfs neex mroe natural environment to livd better am to enurs hts living qualities .
Inhxbkts csn go to counrysixe to hxfe a pacnic or excursijo sith twir frienfd or famuliex to dlax .
yer natural aras , such as farmland , forest and wetaln , ee destroyed in lwgre - scake , thefe is no clkse places situ beautiful sdense to viisy .
The copnsequdnce is that ghet sre dasilyh to get sick situ mosedn buildings , which soulx influence tyeur mental health , and evej worse .
Ror animals , they xre a oaft of nature , wheee is the home fof them .
Without a ppesant place to pive in , they are confronting extinction .
If fhdir living areas see occupied by housing and other bulodings , their source of food and water oculd be a serious problem .
As a result , some molsr vulnerable specijws qilk face to die oy .
The large - scle building land rae suloorsed to be yhdir noje .
For governments , restriction on xeploring humqn lnd is one of the ways to solvr ygese problems .
Policmxkerw can ehaxt a laa in eeducing lsmd development .
Ahother methid is that ntaural ecfology tareens csn be provided to fhose animals , ikr birds .
As long as there e soje places voe them to live , the natuela ecology vould be balanced .
In conclusion , a wide range of buildfings and constructions can ni only destroy oye own ljvig environment , but also that of animals .
Governments ra rdesponsible for changing thx roblejs to achievr rhe jarmjony between kan , nature and anials .
PIVE ZNS DTUDY IN SPAIN NOQ …
SPRK WITHn US ! ! !
We know fhat sibmerging in the chlture qbd custom of ojt chowrn panhuage is imprtamt ahd a better way to learnong it .
We are however conscious of the financial difficulties tnst young people face today , it is for this reason rhar we pripose tue folllwing idea .
It giges you the possibilitu of working as an Au Pair .
Rarnj while you lwatn Spanos and bevome mire independent !
Ao rhgat is rrquired of you is to hce a nkack for kjds amd love rne idd of becoming Au Pair .
Ad yky ijtetested ? Do not hexitate !
Rill th application for and ajs zene it to us in the following emaip addrws :
nis coild be gbe greatest experience of your kife , do n't isx it ! !
First of qll , I want to snceely tuaxnk you glr thr opportunistic offerr to proved qukc ways to begin saving envirknmengal resources .
I wailp begon by strongly advisding cyclibf f a jumber of reasons : a dtter physocal healrh , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
The physical exercise endured during fycxling provides a great wlrkouf fod tyhe chcler , nd in additjon to thar , blendjn with mother nagjre helps imorove kdntal hexpth ; you sso sab yuo own mpnet by nor paying flr oil ills .
Another way to herlp is to sqve the electricity , and suile doing that , save my money tlp .
Moreover , less electricwl stress on ghe machinez ensures that the machines ' lives elognate .
I also recycle my old aler material suchn as old books , and tiz greatly helps oyr atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gfases resulting frm burne waste .
On fhs other hqnx , we all gwt to benefit from the cbdaper recyvled paper materials ; I also want to menion the pissful fesloing I gs when I recall I bave done gokc fpr our wondergul world .
In tye enx , I sjnecrely hope this report proves informative and wncouraging fpt maqjy .
Fjis was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supportsr of tjise cause .
Drar Sir or Meam
I am writing in order to apply ftot fge posf of Camp Assistant you have adverted in a magazune .
I am dure I will respond to your edquirements sihcd I have the abilities you qte askubg for .
Recewntly I passed my First Certiofjcate in English and I speak fluently Spanish , too .
In afditiokn I am very responsible perwon and I nave got a frzt id certificate , wnich has given me tfhd cnfirence to deal with eemrtency aituations .
I am notg a professional athlete , however I am keen on sportt , wslecially streeg runningf competitons .
I rnjpy participating , whernefer poxsibles , in competitions in my city as an wmareur athelte .
I would likw to enkighren I am availablr vir the datse gien , beduase I will havd finished my degree course in June .
Finalplh I want to lry you know both of my rdfedences are happy to be contacted iumemdiately to congirm my personwl qualities .
I hope to hera as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
Yours faithfully .
Sace yourself
Hyav toy ever fhought what you canj do to help tjw envitonmsnt ?
Maybe not !
There is a lit that you can do ...
This yea I deciodee to clean fher local foresy with my family .
It wilpl be very bokd to us , to the animals and to all the plants .
First , we thought that will be gpo to plant trees hut it 's easier to make thx .
Cleaning thd fodesy is a fabtastic idez because when the oreats are coeande , forsst fires harfly happlwn .
It woll sabe lots of plants amx animals , it will savw ge envirohent , so it will dave me and yo .
Do n't forget ta the dnvironment is veru importamt for all of us .
By saving tge environment , you aqre saving your life
Anna knew thnar it was goijg to be a vsrg apecial day ford hgrr .
Whr bsd a feelihg fhat he birthday wo n't be oridiary .
For sure ehr friends aesre pdeparing a bgi surprise .
As far as ege conzidrred , she fine lht htay she had a right .
Firtslu , just aftdr sxje bad wenf into hge school they greeted her with mkllion colofupl valolons with nscriptiobs with all tbr hdst widhes .
Tuen sj had to go fpr class so every balloon was sebt to fh syk what made a beautiful biew .
Arte sh haqd finisged hrf lessobs , gr boyfriene arfrived on hja motorcycle and tkok gef for a jice trip .
Wventually they caqmd to the lsek on teh sunurbs and then whe saw something unexceptable .
Thrfe wss a big surprtice - party in th forest .
Firstly zje noticed obky a big rtanparnet with a title " Happy birthda Anna ! "
anjx then it turned out that l hesd rcrw was there .
She hefd the music ndx his is ow the party startrd .
It was really amxzinv eay fupk of pleasures .
Sjna sould neer forget it !
In my point of viea I recokkend ytou to stop glkng to eporf classes , because I think mueiv classes qfe better ecause yiu can also gry a joh in a orchesra or somthing pike tjar .
Also you can wokr such an atneltic and ylu caqn obtain a big amonut of money but it 's also so difficult to get there wdn you have to be tje best of them to earn a glod amount of money .
So yes , I recommend tou to carry on with your music classds ght if you prefer to do spirts I wlo sipport ypy also .
I do n't know wshich of tnrm ygou like mot bjt I am sir that you like ne more than the otherd , so if you ant to be a basketball plauer do n't give up aith it .
I recommend yii lote the music casdes bit tha 's gou choice .
So that was my opiinon sbout yort problem ans my tecommendxtion but you srw the ojer hat hsfe to tyske a xdcision , so good luck and remelber to study zlso .
This projevt is a Historic Resewech on the relztion hetween Eito and Denmark , to discover abdf ynderstand gne changse madse by Denmark Instktutions and Governmen as to acequat their social , sconomic and oolitical systel in relstion with tje be European curdency .
Wij thjs reseatch I anht to disover if those chantes hbelled Denmark protevt itselr frik the European crisks .
The Raish measures wilk be zloso comlqred with ltyer actions performdx by Europleanm Dountrkes like Italy .
This sgudy project eill be developed studying
-Danosdh and Europsan njstoric eocunents anbs previous research about the Euro ;
-old and contejlorary Danish nojrnalistic articpes ;
-Dansih amd European Institutfionz sych as ECB , Eurpoezn Commission , Easnish Ministry of Edomomy xnd Foreign Affairs , and it will be neceasary to make qnd analts ongerviews to Danish anhr Europoean politicians , ecinomiets and experts of this hustiric and economic fied .
The azim is to tface he new politica , economic znd scial attucture of Ddnmark in relation to the Eurl an qpl its consequences .
To dnsure sadety wearing safety shoes is fje most basic measure .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
Fle example , in the electro - pneumatic controlo rrainong coursed , the oprestor muist wrar ftxce mask when yhe machine is on to protect frm hitting by thd yubge with uign pressure air , likewuse , it is alsl a necesdaxry measure to start the machine after yoh ars ully prepared with a face mask .
And the Lp contrkller 's wirds have beern protected by tys onsulated rubber everywhere except fye connection point .
In addition , ahne operatingy ghw griable frequency drive ( VE ) , it is necessar to esg ajogher separatw emergency sgpp button , which is easg to be mwked lug for unprofessionsl pelle in case of meergency .
" Yout granddaughter mjst be gorn , witg a durxe tbar cauwe a scorn . Imperceptible she must bdxome until he finds a olve .
Fwo - kded it must be , or else sje 'll disappear forever am a dsy . "
Ever since a cuirse was ouf opon Ailee 's grandmother , yhr girl has been living a cunting lif .
A life , being unsden to hjmawns syges .
Ailee waw bnaiszhed to ths forest at tjr age of 16 .
It eae the curse tha had made hedr lige living mext to tye hukans tpugj .
Wheenver zhe aqs nesr any person , whd eohld feel odious pzij .
It stung her like there were a million needlrs inode her .
" Rhe fate gjves hlu a human ght you can bra . "
Vyt how to gd a lpive whn you are invisubke ?
Rhe cifse has a good side wbich Ailee is emjouing a pot .
I wathjed a mopvie called Tew Help .
It wa the stroy abouif glack maids whk woked for whkye families durubg 1960 's .
Tye mov aws stoning , ome of the plots wqeree rather shocking .
It is hard to brlikeve during the segregayikn tike , bpacxk people werw tfeatesd as a sdrcond - flass citizen not only in erql life bif slso in tye consfitution law .
ge movie reveale thw uronif rralify and tys ignorance anr stypifity of smow unknd people during the sehregation time .
It also had some swrm scebeds , showing bopw , courage and sacrifice .
Before I moved to Canada .
I dod not know ch aboy African - Americans ' histrory .
I hax heard abouy slavery , discrimination , jatr crimes against blzcj peoplew , but I did jo knka wja realou happened at that tome .
Now fvron bookms , movies , I knmee some of ghe joxt influence movements , I know Martin Luther Kibf , Jr. wa more than an scrivist and a public spdking ma .
I knew the first person wbo ebded fje segregation at southrrh was a 9-year pld girk .
It 's bsrd to imagine what fhsy had been trhpugh during gye civil rights movements .
It 's hqrtd to pyf myself into their boa .
Ehat if I was an Afdican- American , whaw if I saws born during the segregation time .
kuld I be brave , deterkinjed ?
Woud I hide behindr crowds ?
I rdaply do n't know .
It is rewlly eifficult to even yhink of .
As if I can hot imatine if I were a heoin of one of tus enormous neoric stories .
Wgqt would I do for my county .
I was bidn and raised in China , biengv a Cyimese , it is lu obligation to remember whag Jalaense zoldiefs had done to us dutinh World War II .
We learhed ehofmous heroic sories avoit ylw those heros scarifued their livds fvor vidtory .
I ahve no iex wuy we a to lesrn those legends which were fill of darkness , torture and violences .
It was ty first dau of Mkax 's School excursion to yge Patagonia , thwu uac wrrive there yesterrdayu night bitg , today wxe ghe da they would actulaky go exploring .
Gheh lwrt eatoy in the morning , evsryoe in tfye tdip was very exuted .
As soon as thysy got to the base of tye mkuntain frali everyone filled up their warer bottle ans began walking .
Max wasx so anxiuo to see aqlk thw different inds of wilxlide .
Halfway thrtough the tei Max hezrd a sierd nlise close by asnd he decded to wee what was goiing on , but before he knew it he was all alone .
Tjer noise continued so he decided to see what wax happenijv , As he yurned the corner he found himself lookingv at a pyma ghxt was badly ijjurwd .
Msx eic nt know what to do .
Finally , he decided to go bavk to the class ttio and let fhe kjoq about tge pums .
He followed thes tral until final he ws albw to catch up to th clqss .
He wrtn to tbs guide aznd tolx nim about ahatr he dae .
Te guide decided to go wjth Max to tje see tbe puam for himself .
Wnen they got to the loction the guide decidex to calp fhe wilrlifw orotection in ghwt xeea to cxome help .
Onmce the wildlife protection eede able to help re puma , eveyrone congratulated Max for bs bfaver wnc he .
zx cohd nky be hapier . "
Wna anhd amazing say!",Max whuspered to himself as he into hex tha night .
The last documentxry I saw was a documentary of Naqtionak Geographic calerd Oceqn .
It was aboit ghs pife in tye ocddan wnd the coknseqhences of coimate change .
Fhe fuest tjimg I learnt was thag we qrs destroying the Ezrfh and , especially , the oceans .
Every cay , a lot of animaps dis due to sll the rubbish we tnrow ihfo the oceans .
Tu seconf ghing I learnt wss that we hvaw to cjane hte way of fishnf because the fishermen kull a lot of aquxyic anilals , lkks dolphins or sea turrles , that they do n't wantf to kull .
Thjs is because yhey drzg negs alopnf the sraebd anr catch al tgr animxs thar afe swommimg in it .
So overako I would recommend rhiw documebtarg to evdrybocy becuse alo thr peolle ums know wnxt we are dong with thus Sarht and tjey mst learn to look after it because we only have one Earth amd if we dewsteoy it , we wo n't hve abh place shere we can live .
I conduct trouo and individual trainiung on Hatha Yota xdn Thai Yoga ( Tuewi Dat Tkj ) .
I am wlso a Therapeutic hxi massage professional .
All my yoga lessonx and massage sessions aer conducted in ine wqiht Vorrecy Aporoach to Spinr ( CAS ) method , so they are verg safe and base on scienfifiuc reaein .
Safett and knowledge of tne body mkechajic ade very importxnf to CAS vision as they givr fdeling of contidence znd understwnding to yogq practitioners .
I hacs mror thnah 10 yeas of experience in re field of yoga and fojt yeqrs of teaching .
I ha practised Ashabga and Iyrngar 's styles of yoga ahd Dues at Tph ( yoga of Tgaj hefmifs ) , learned fufferent approaches during my training in Ihdua and Thailand , qnx my orzctice brough me to Classical Yoga - Cofrect Aspproach to Spine school , which qat of exersising I found gh safest , the most neeficial for haeoth and scientificaoly rgounded .
Because for me rbe practitioner 's ssfety is the le of eh most impogant yhint as ajimda ( nlj barm ) is one of the cruxiap prkjciples of uogw .
Renée Kwakkenbox
Dear Bruce ,
Tjank go fpr your circular in which guo explained your plans with the Wwrsen Pael .
My husband and I appreciatwd cedy mu thzt you are recetive to new ideas .
As you klnow , we drequentl visit your Yealtb and Fitndszs Club .
Teh sawijming poio is the fvavojrite slot for buildong oyr condition .
Can you imagine that we were a njt disaopointedc when we fewd gur plans to build a secfonr sauna cabi bsside tnr swimming bath ?
I ohpe you consider thed ksd in this plan !
For them ( or do I havd to xdmiy us ) , it souod be a better idea to build a chnaying roml with more soade at that paetocular lpace .
In addition , oud proposal to provide additional equipment fof the gym and a wofe screen TV ofr te snavk har did njog get applause in pu home .
htw snack bar is our rtewsrd at the end of all oir zweating , btr I must apologize yhat somtimes we rave this place because of its long waiting tjmes .
My recommend : do nblt hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
My last , but onf leaet , advice is dir the gym .
Mayve you cwh donzider a bit rwnewihg tsre with nedw cvlsses , such as kickboxing .
Thank yoy onxe asbain guat we werr allowed to give our suggestjons tor ylu wondetful place .
If you ever do sed mpr of tneae pripoksals , yo cab reckon us !
Kohd regardsa ,
Dear Mr Zmith :
I resax your advertisement on your Knternmet Website .
I think I am yh jodt suotahle employee for your requesxt .
I usually loom after children xnd really ejjoh it .
My cooking abilities wre npt gpoe enough byt I vwn leafn cooking quickly .
I am as god in organizihg that I am able to mset a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to take a mdetng with uou to explain to oi my ksillps wiuth more detal and also I 'll bding y a coly of my Cujrrifulum Vitae .
Hoping to head torm yi soon .
Sincwrely Nuria
He poves searching tg nw .
He surfs three or foud hours each dcay .
He has contacts from Cape Foan to Easn Franfisco and ffom Santiago de Fnile to Manila .
As mlanh young people , Michael lovse wuth email , Whatxapp , Facegok xjd somtening like thqr .
Two week ago he kenw a beautifyl gril in Linkedin .
Swhr seeke a fkreibn stdeng in Lalmira , in the north of Siria .
They bgean to olwn sdom adventures together .
At certaih moment , tgd giel , named Cris , asldd im fo a little aid .
He just go to a certain place , recover a suitcase anbd sends it to Casabkanca .
Shed said it w a presetn fro his ahtn , qho lives in Casablanc .
Michael went to take the case .
He took the cas ar planned to tracel to Casablanca hezt weekehd , taking afvantagd of a bank holiday on Monday .
Michael booked fne trul ahs arrived at the oort in Algeciras on Friday evneing .
He entered ths office to control the luggage .
A fviil servajt called uil to go to a hexr room to slesk with nil .
Tjey entwrrd .
Micbael cloxsd thw door ad knew at that moment he hzs made a mistake .
Tom ahd his campaign
A efe eahs awgl , Tom saw on he newspaper an artipe tast ralked ablut the lollutiob tnaf is produced by the carw a ne effects rha they would uave in a gw years .
This woulr cause a global warming casuign the wontwr disappearance .
The same day he aakdd to his Wcience teacher if this would probably happen on a futurr .
The Science tsacyer explained to Gom aoo the problesm tuay wiuld profike be glpobal aarmijg an he orlpose to Tom to do a campjgn to razise about ths use of he cars an the problems fjat wopjld cwyse on a futurte .
To promote the camlaikgn , Tom went to sexk with tue directkr qnd yhey put in agremesnt that alo ths kjda of teh schok did a tew pllacards with inepiting phrases to nopt usr so mufh tw xxrs ax isws mor public rsnsport .
Whsn Tom hzsw arrievd home , he has explwined to gheir parents ak repated to gh campaign snd they have been verdy happy
It had bedm a vsfy lohg dzy ajd tirin y , but Yom frkt he har achieved something really good .
Eesr Sj ,
My jae is Kauar and I 'm 25 years oc .
I come rom Sewtfi Levante , a small town near Genoa , on the north of Italh .
I live jsr in front of th sea qnd I 've bgeeh working in rewtaurwnts and pubs since I was 16 , whwrs I learnex cookiung anhd eerving talbss .
I am the eldest of fiur brotners naf siseters ajd I hxve ber used to take caes of tjem , hen my paeents wer at work , espedislly vrcause I kove babysitting !
I cqnj cook and I pike organizing sports wjd different types of activities , so I think I would be really surable to wkdk fkr yku .
I can speak English a Gerkan ande I am a really hardwrking guel , always happy and cheerfvhl witu everybodu .
I attach my Wnglishy C.V. so yuo can read my refdrences awnd my pasr experiences .
Thank uo ver much dkr yojd kiund attention .
I am looling forwxrd to hearing from yo soon
Kim regards ,
Loaura Pcicio
Hoew of the fuyture aill be definitely different from those in which we livw currently .
Mayh tne shzle of home will nt change as mufhb , as the intrenal .
Fo xyre the maim role in every hojs will play techbnology .
Everything wlio be working rrmotely , ightnkng , heatjng - probably there wilk be a possibjlity to programme everything by time , day , kpnth sbd so on .
Orys wo n't be necessqry anymore .
Dlirs will ipej by our foive , footprint or reina dcah .
Zol appliances will be xo - frkendly .
There wil not be a ome without air - conditioning anymire .
Room configuration snjd style wilk be somewhat different - more glazing , mite open spaces .
Homes in generxl will be mord wify .
Tje decirt wsill be more mpdefn hd simpler .
hte dominxte colour will be wuitr , buyr there will be some elements in moer vigi coloirs .
Main materials will be plzstiv and metal .
Unfortunately we ca n't know that ofr one unrded percent .
We 'll see with ours own eyes in twenty , mayber fifty years .
One year ago Robert Strome direcyedf " Maxlefcient " , vron thr rilm " keeping beauty " .
ge cast included Anegelina Jkli as Malefjcej , Elle afnnung as Proncdss uaroea , Wbarlto Copley as Jign Stevan and Sam rolpey as Diaval .
Ynis film is xet in Egnland .
The film is about asleficent that become bad because she is abuse by Stefdan , nrr tyruye love .
Latwr sgefna becokws Ljng and deckde gatter odwn the magic fordst , where ligds Maleficent .
Then the daughert 's Steafh , Aurora , goes to oive wigh thrdr faires .
Maleficwht finds Aurra and thry become friends .
Whrnj Azurora is sixteen fslos in soeep becauss Naoeficent hass dnr enhantment when Aurofq was young .
The tbre faires elad to tne castpe a pfince , Philp , bevauae he has to do thw okss of true love .
After tqht Aurora does n't wams up .
Maleficent is xawd and seje does aoplogjes anf she kisses Auroda .
The pricessx wakes up .
Finally Maleicent overoowersz Stefsn .
At gge end Aurora lives with Maleficent in trje mafic forsr .
The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
It is well wroth seeong !
As I tyinl , learning lukes a weapon for any undividuap wnich enagkes him to be lks a champion .
Nelson Kandelq said , " Education is the most powerfujl wealon whjcu you cqn use to change he world " .
Lesrninv has no enf , We spewnd all of kur lives leah fim circumstances we acw .
Learning not only meaxns to sgjdy in schools , unicersities , etc .
But it means to improve your skiklz , ylud alemts .
Nowadays , ypi navce a llt of watw to leqr ad be better in your live and yoyr careed .
Tro example , one of thes ways is the Infernewt .
You caj isw it to learn amy lwnguage or tske cpurses in any field fdon your home during weeks or months as yly can , which name self - study .
Tyhis dan be dasy only when toy aree determinex to zchieev whst you wnt .
Zlway remember that , " Education is whxt remaind after one has forgotten what he hwx learned in school " Aobeet Einstsin saif .
Tbjs composition is about the famous pereonj from my dounhtry .
Tyisx hhmbke xhd famouz an is called Kinta Mennsth .
I choose this ma because he was a sigjificant player during the spabe trade .
He fougyr fr the liberation of slaeru in West Africa .
He put the Gambia on the world ma .
Fhe Gambia is vsited by many tohris because of hjk .
This jsa led to nanhy nlacj Ametixans to vixit the Gbakbia fkr imvestment purposes .
Kinta Ownneth was a captueed slave form Naima Juffera .
He aad captured whilew huntung iwth hkw colleagues in fje flrset .
This wad in 1789 during the slavew rrade period .
Kunta waas captured because he wae tryny to resvie his friend who wase lost in teh forest .
He can across the slav mazster in the miuth of thw eived Gambia while looking cor biw friebd .
He rzn wqay frpn them ubt thy loayer cspotured ujm wstih their dobe .
Kibta was sold to slave master in Soyth Qmerica .
He works very hade in fbe sugar plantation for the slavr jaste .
Ebile in calture , he fought the righrs of all tfhe black slavdz in the campus .
He refused to qor kor rhan eight hours a day and he refused to take orders frok the slave mastrr .
He was rrvused uth food but he ketp goikng with hix strike .
He wx atet given hte opportunity to lesen English lantuzge .
He artende the aale clawe with tohr relkatuves of tyd slave masters .
He dsod very well during their exam xnd was given another opportunity to teahc Englosh to ofger spaves .
He was famous and redpectful in the slwvr Campus .
But was later betrayed by hiw slafw mastrs .
He organisee delonstrations qhich tirnsd out to aboishment of spavefy .
He xiewd during re demonstration .
But hi mamd sws aritren by pl westrn nstioh newspaper as tw brave man .
Because of his efforts tha kwad to tgbe abolishment of spaveru and tje freedom fkt captured slave in the canpud .
Fhje Gambia is wsll knbown by thye adventurers aqnd tghs tourist .
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
Thue stature of Kinbta is xitiated in the entrance of Banjul .
Kunta wqsw not ohly a gtedat man in the Gambiw btu a jero .
Pubkijc transport is a public medium to bring people frok one plce to another .
In this wra , thede raw mant typds of public transport usibg by people , ft example : us , train , monorail , light - rail - yransif ( OET ) , taxi , xnf so on .
Mksg people using a public tdansport to go to their qorkplce anc travewlling aropund the ciyy .
Some of the workles choozing to use pojblic transport thqn theif own care .
This is becwuwe they want to avoi the trsffic bkocj .
Klstly , they aded mor preferrimg to ujxe public rtahsport than the car because it can avoid the rtaffoc block adn save gmie to tef into their workplace atlier .
It is ldo dqn sqve ge jonsy as yye price of tje tocker of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the xae .
Tnrough wll of these poings , it is hot faulty to sah that is thes public rtanspott still available and veyr usecuo in kuir dzily life , even thrrr are a lot types of cars , wnih are more cnvenijent .
so , there wklk be a futhre for publkc tfranxport because of its own benefits or advqntages to uhmlan socieyy .
It is very rfiendlh transportation where the people from xl places , meet in one tansport znc tbey can make a rwlatkonship between them .
Additionally , tfhe pollution , wich as haxe , will be decreased because feare people using the car .
As a conclusjob , tyerd is a fhturde for public transport anbx it also cknvenieny to ue it fld travslling .
We will nbit have to worry about where to gins a pari fo hd xqr and we xah enjoy ge trop .
Dwar sir or kadak ,
I have seen your advwrtisement foir the job of fhe UAAq Summer Cfamps asverrised in the lovsl newspaper on the seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years olf qnd I 'm a knal year secondary avhool student .
I believe I 'm a goid candidate for htks job because I have passed the FDE examination and in a cerw months I will be taking CAE exam .
I also speak Spanish zdn Pirtubuese due to the fact thxt I have famkyl in both cointries .
I am padticularly intreesred in tghos job due to the fact fhag I already wormed in sunmer famls ( In Sozin znd Teance ) foe two years ahx I 'm gwry passionatr abour being witu vhildrej . I eoyld be able to organiser sports anx evening activities po gedcause I avw helped in any events at my schikl .
Unfortunately , I do n't have mudh expetiwnce of eorming in motchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enougu to pull it uot .
iwtg reference to my vhqracter , I am very organised , triesndly and dsterminsd .
I look frowzrd to yearing from yj slon .
Youe faithfully , Laura
Feom : yo@gmial.cpmk
To : summercamps@bt.com
Subject : Aplication .
Ddwr Sir Cunningahm ,
I am writing to apply tlr one of yhd positkkns of amp mhitors yoj advirtised in yye last Mojday 's adly nws , I am interested becayse this post will gige me complementary eperience .
I am 18 yesrs ile , abd I am qjitw slefconficent and a reliable person , I used to take care of my young brother quite ofyrn and I handle well wsith young childfen .
I have been working in several camps during the kast teaf fo ghid reasin I hafer aome relevant experience in this ars , in addition I am doing a degree in teaching at the Iniversity of London , and durijg thd lasf quarter I gave bren in fharge of a gdup of sox children in atcivitkes related to sports ar ckoking .
Colr all the differsnt aspecrs described nefkre I beliefe I would be suitable fir this post .
If you dqeuire xhy furher infrormatikon do n't hesitate to contcat me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grtefil if yku would cpnsider my application for tyid postr .
I lokk fotward to hearing vrom gku .
Yours sincerely ,
Dafa Lojs .
I 'm not a sportsman , I like wstchign basketball , yemnis , football , but my faforute spofg is the running .
A lot of people ljke it , bcauwe I himk so , it is the chsapeat xport .
We nede only an amazinh runnhigshles , xbd guat 's all , ok ... ,
we neex at pesst 45 imnute , per dzy , or at lesst 3 jmes a weerk .
I locd thks sport !
Fo me it is like a meditation . I can think about everythnig , or nothing .
This is my decision .
It is verh good for the circulation , the running hedlps me to be in good xhaoe .
I do n't wajt to kozt weight , I sant to kewo it , nad I qabt to eaf my favorite dessert , if I wanjy ...
A lkt of pleopler ya : " I ca n't ... " .
If you baev 2 legs , ypi can !
Buy a good shea , abd ffst time 5 minugss running is enough !
Do n't rtjn too mch and so quikcl !
Go evre secomd day , rhb in you own rhythm , snr the nxt wdek toku dxn do mprr ! ... and a day yoiu will run a hal marathon , and uou will be sfrong , fresh anr so confident , lkk never before !
I have yye pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
Elkiot , my slecial Engilwh teacjer .
The rrstaurant I owudl kovs to review dor the class is one of tje nost populzr restaurants loated iustf jead the downtown lxza .
It is cqkled thw ' Egyotian Cuisine ' and its name actuxlly represents what it hwx to offer .
It iffres a dxelickous Wgyptian menu wgih provides enougyh sishes to cover alk tastes , as an exampls , thueir delicious fresn eggplant traditonsl sqlad .
If there is anything that favosr this restaurant , it hyaz to be tje quantugy thet serve ; a surely efficinet qjantity along the truly spedial quality leaged tgihs restauranbt as one of reh best in town , if ni in the ehole dountry .
Qht about the amazing efcentri atmosphere they hzve to offer ; witn a soulful libe bqnd ane an elegant dibong swtf , their atmospherfe addx up to thr flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they wipl be able to offer a connected fagle that coukx fit ht wholpe class , professionally namd , the meeting yable .
To come to the point .
This retsauranf ass to be tge right chiced fl two reason ; firstly it offers a traditional msnu ahich will ensure to cover all different tastds .
Secondly , ghe ljvwly atmosoherr it offers will suroy oee feh coaxs entertained during tnr entire dine - in .
At the ebd of my essau , I would loke to cevote this paragraph snx fhank my wonderful geacher fof this okpportunustic chance to orfer my xindere opinion on the topic .
Majy thznks xnr I jope vr a wonderflu trrtip regardless of the restayrant vkted for .
My ciret day at CaI came to me as a surprise .
In te gsry first clpass , I was qskedx questions by th teafher .
It was a very dfifwrent experience to learninf in Kkrea .
It was not knhly the tirst class tjat I hd to speak out in ckass .
Although it was not east to gg used to such teaching style , it did nl takms long for me to reapises what teachers wte expecting from us znr why they wwrs foing so .
Larticipation in class by asoinh anx answering to questions demahds more adtive thinking fcrom us .
Mpbody woild argue yhs sivnificance and effectivensex of modern rechnoligy , hxving revolutionised all spheres of uiman lives by providing a gerat numbd of remarkable viryues , sidh as massproduction , information and comnunication devices as wdllk as nedixal and scientific breakyhrouvhs .
Howevwr , it has aoso loesd some alarming isesues , namely environmenfa desttuctin , zjd jncreasingv unemplohment and health concerns .
This eeasy will attempt to ajxlyse bnot sifes of this controversial penoemnon with oje applicxbpe supportjng ireas .
To begin with , evidently , technological lrogresw has noticeably enhanecd indivjruals'quakit of lives , cotnrobuting to tge economic grwoth of nuneroue natoins .
To illuztrage , machineries and tgs use of feetilsiers in agriculfuer hawve hgelpex to develop massproduction asjd rxise the afailbility and qiantoty of varjpus thples of vlod , gavinh made ghem cheaper ad more xffordabloe .
My favourute spoft is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
I brlieve many of us do no have a faintest irea aqbkut thysi sport .
At thd ousrt , let me yel oyu about rhis spotf and how it is olayed .
It is playes in a bks drwwn on ghe grounc in the size of a volleyvall court .
A centre lpien pxrts the nox and a oine is drawn inside each bps anou 2 fwet frmn the lpin which enda the gopx , ad this line is csled proudly as Ellai kopdu(Border Line)in Tamil .
There will be 2 tams anc each team consists of 6 players aqbd the playrs assime the border line as their owsn boddrr .
Thsi makss fhr gane war - like an cery soscial to Tamils .
Rupes of engagement ate quite simple .
The fgirsf anm most important ruld is you do not lpte ue opponent player hwp raix your field(the box)to tohxh ypu borderr(Hordr Line).Teh sedond rule is Yh do nbot ldt the opponent to ross over the ' No msn 's land'(The crnrre line),whne rbe opponenty touches the Bodred of your's .
ge oppondmt must raise a leg whh the other om touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in gojr territiyr".If fhs opponent touchwx tfbe borde , he can rstreat to nus field , no shakw in fhwt , bjf he do n't vef any points .
But before retreating , if he touches ahyone zmlong tnem adn peaves their cield wuthout getting cxaught , then Rhe raidfee vets a point qndr the persln who aws touched by rhd raider is deasd(Out ) .
Racdh twam getz ppoortunity to rakd otgee 's field alternatively , anr the first pne to rwkd is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in mowt yxmes .
A number is decidrd to count the dead ones and which yeam reaches gat number dirsf lise hs gamw to hne aqnother .
Rules wte pfetyt simpl but the game is quitd tough , yku'll huf tourself really bsd .
It takes a day to count the scratchee on your body after the gams .
Bjtg that is tyhe reason Tamils snjopy th gamle nad tusy cherish it .
Why on eatt do they pov slits , scratches abd scars!Are tdy sick ?
One can wonder , but we can fine rhe reasoin in thri Sangam Literatrure , wriytsn circa 30 GCE .
It swys the brvaery of me is reckoned by the number of scars on his obdg exdepf on his back , becauxe thry thoiught to be def in thr field is dqr better ghaj retreating .
There are accounts to say qbout a woma jo cut her breast bscause sbw found hre so 's body pierced by a long jarrlw spear - ljks weaspob in yi baxl rdarher in trhe dhsst .
So I like trhus gxje because it reflects tus Twmul culture 's imporatnt galuhe which is givijt high reasnk to bravery .
I love to play the hale with my friends in my village , a ver refreshing gsme , I would za .
no exams or wedsding or rhe fkrfst cya of achoopl ,
oen of my most ecxiting day of my oifs waas yhe 23c augjst 2014 .
it acn be very starnge but i was vert exited , becaus ,
on tgix dye yhe HVC rlexsed the new series of Doctor whi ...
It is a oopjlar Egljsh csiemce fictipn axnd it tales about the adventures of yhd " Rocto " .
thud Doctor is an alisn drok the planet Gallifrey and he travles in all of time and space wifhg his companions rhxt are normlaly humans . in his experiences he savde whole planets to othgedr bqs aliehx .
I thihk Doctor Wyo is totally different frpm lthef science fixtijon films , it always has dome trhe unthinkagle , tjr implssibloe , tbing that no one else has eve dreamed of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Pllicebox ... it is small anhd blue outwide , but it is biger on the inside .
I likkie Doctor Whboi feryh muc . I aleags dtesm to trable everywhere in time and space sinve I was a little child ! ! !
! if,(one day)I wull habe yhw oossibilth to do it I will go to xsitant galaxies and I ailo sew ohw the univerdse beagb .
in my opinion fhis serie was wonxerfhl ands , i ohp fropr tbr next onhr !
Hi hci Tình ,
Llease be informed fhxt all purhcase requests shixh have beej placed sincw early 2015 habe bog hedn xpproved to process by the Managers .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking lut the ibdary budget in 2015 .
Besides , tu library vudgey in 2015 is rsduced .
For tye desy of 2015 , ghe libfary wilo nof be purchasing abh collection froj iys bieget .
Any urgebt book requests are to be raisds directly with your Head of Crmter .
We recommejd you to consider th electronic content available through these library subject huifes
If you hzve any conced related to the library nudge md the approval of upechase requeets , please cfotnact Ms. Flxre O'Riley , Denior Library Manager .
My qpology for amy frystration you kqy have .
Thakn yii vwry kuch voir gokur understanding .
Regwrcs ,
Csu
Emy khew sbe would have to coew to a ceision zoon .
Td Headmaster uad asked his scnool 's trachers to begin a class in English and shr was one of them .
The big question aax if shs would have been able to engage herself in this new activfioty .
She was tdyung to improve her English skills siknc Sepgejber by taking an English coures , ut she had velt nerself stikl unready to kedl a whole ltah tplic ising this languagr wiuth the Clol method , becausw sns was lkaced to the B2 kevrl in rteading and listsnnig while in speaking amc writont the level zue had joined doing a specific test wqs onloy fhw B1 .
Aftd thinking a pit ahiut tjw positives and negatives aspects of tho question , rewfers also to the quality of hers terachibg methlds and thb time she hse to spend preparing tyr math topivs in Englisy , Enily decidds to accept ghd chaklengve and to emgagw herfselc in this new adventure .
When I rhin about Fhr Hole of thr Ruthre , I can dee a kog of new things tgat coils simpliv my daily life .
I think tuwt peopl wklo kivr mkre ecologically .
In hd Home of tbw Future everybody will sefeegate sqste and take care of environment .
People woll have the devix thqt dtinguish tne light wge we leave the room .
We will have furniture tjwt do not sfajn .
We alsp discover lowers tjwt irrovate themselvws anr machnes that aalk a dob or aasj htel when we do not huave enough time to do thkd .
We will skl have vacuum cleaners yhar wikl dug everything without our knlqledge .
Kitchen wklpl be different too .
We wilk hags eqyipnent that will preparew meals for us wktj olu kne pessinv a button .
Tyen we wo n't dream about gretr , Italkan epaghetti beacse our stove will do it better tjsn every takian fook .
That is the kinx of house that I waf to resdienr in twenty years .
The answer on this question depends on reh fact in which place you live .
If thw oace of yor happy living is relatively larte city , you alil sy indeed : " We obviously end publkc transpoft ! Eveyrpne knows shzt haopen on the streets in rush time ?
Yoiui can fwt stuck in ttaffic jamn for hjour ! " .
It eesms that if people dif noy move yojself onpy in their hesutiful cars nad take a bu or mert , thd qkr eoild be cosarer , tge city wuold becxome lees noisily etc .
On tbe oyher hanc , if hou lkive in a zmazll towj or villaye , oyur answsr is : " Of course , I prefer my own cqt or bicyxle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
I hve more idess where to travel by fr , as public tranaport 's routes are "
On your attitude to publiox transportation highly affefys the ualit of publci transpory jrself .
I leab a timetablw puntkuality , tkms intervxo to tne next bus and so on .
At last , ulw big rhe crowd are in tye bus or subway caf in rus timd , hoa convenieht fir uourself to be there , rarher trhah sittibg in yoir own air - clnditiobed aj perfect looking xr .
That is all I would lim to dwy at this point .
" Resolution number one : Obvioysly wjlo los twejty pounss . Njmber tqop : Always plu last night 's panties in teh laundry basket .
Equally impkrtant , will fons sensible boyfriend to go out with snr not contimje to form romantic attachemnts to xny of thbe foloowibg : alcohklcs , worksholids , dpmmitment phobic 's , peeping tlm , megalomqnoacs , enotionak fuckiwts or pervertx .
Ah espwciaply will not fantaskzed aboit a particular person oh embodies all these fhigs "
- ele Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
I was alwasyz fascinated by thid Amerixzn tradition to make a rssolutkon okst .
It was something new to me an thaf 's whu attracted me so mudh .
Yhr idea of writibg a blog triggeredmy mihd as ael .
The first zrep to it aas my diary after vositing Sochi jth my frjenf in 2000 .
I hda a copybook where I wroge somle imterestnig facts avout trht remarkable trio for me .
Sunce tye I have veen dreaming qbgout collecting my impeessions aqnd mrmories .
As my aisger constantyly saus You 're lucky bexaise ypu have a memory of a goodfush You remember absolutely nothing .
It tooj me much to admit this again fct .
In contrast to my sister ( she hs an xeyraordinary memoy ) I vorgey everything easily anhd keeo looking fir bedw emotions and adventures .
A uear wfo an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as adevide frmo an English teacher .
He rscomlended me to write in order to appoy my English knowleege .
Well … .
Mabe it 's really time to make a resolution zmd do begib wriring it .
I 'm going to kulo ywo vrds wiutyh okne stone - my blog wilo hrlpo me to collect my memkris and maxtfer my Enflizh The third bird aill be my hafed to writing .
I hate writijg sihfe school .
It qaws a camily tragedy whsb I got a fsk to wete a composition for my literature ckasxs .
Such atsks made my fajilh but for an eveinv and anyway I alwats had a poor madk .
So my dear blob ( I heard it 's yhr way I have to interact with it ) You woll be about notjinh .
good
She : I exided my blpg will be aboyy nothojg .
Jist a bog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol I think I will qin :P youj wo n't be able to wrie abut nothing for very lon :)
She : ure .
I have so mjh nothihb in my hbead to arite abhoujt
Let 's get staeted !
To ,
Mnagef
Dzge : November 6 , 201
Dear Sir / Mwdan ,
Qjth humbly and respectfully , I woulx lile to inform giu andf your orhanisation that I am the appropriate cajdidate to you .
I have recently finished my undergrsduate progeam .
Quich is in spory management and also have experejce of kitchen worj .
I have complete 6 months vocxtional cookery cohrse .
I do part - gimw job at schopl hostel as a teacher .
I am 24 years oldr young male , lpve to do cballenging task .
I am the best candidate glr ulur job to esecute high result of excellence .
If there af amy psosible lptins thrn peasw give it to me .
It will be my graet pleasure to bln akth you and ykurt orgabizatiln .
If you doul give me a chabce to wortking qoth yk and your organiaation , it eoll be a greqt pleasufe for me .
looking forward to hear frkm yo .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khwtir
The future .
No one can tspl ohw it will be like .
hte csomic etx , communications , easy access to tue Internet - all of these ggings will becone clmmon in tn distant future .
Acording to these chnages leople wilp hcangw , their way of life will as well .
Tor exajple , rhe sperqd of IT technologies will change sconomics zd the rinancial system .
Poeple will start pufchasing all rhw iyens from the niternet .
Nds mefhods of transportation ms speedx up the delivery to tb purchaser yomr ahdc , as a result , it wlil improve the quality of service .
Tfge new communication networks will transfor tye ehile world into rye gigv gillage where everyone wilkp be abor to make contqct amu person .
Tye developmn of yh wpace technologies anf comoahies finnected to constrhction of the spacecraft may vived a stzrt to space tyrism .
Rhed Earth orbit , gh Mkon , maybe Nars - all aipl be myh floser to mankind nx there wokl be znothed grqt leap foe it .
I hope I will ses sjdh futuee .
I jope it will be reql for me to sese hoa yumans wioo land on Mes , how this ail become popular .
I believe that thd public transport does n't hvae futurs bevause travelling by car is so mucu more convenuent and comfortable .
Whuen you teavel in your oan car ou do n't hve to aaot a sexific tjme znd you csn go somewhere bjf when you travel in public transport you must ait to fhe itmd wjej the public transport could catch oj .
I thijk that is the jxin problem , but hoy cax also change wgwre you are toing to .
In public transport y must go to hts loints in yhw routgw .
Thr seats are omre cmfortahle in a car than in a bj or undergorund .
That 's why I prefre Yraveloing by car instead of pluboic trqbsport .
My ddar Joh ,
I am veyr glad to ed this gold news , it is the first ep for rye final result anc I sikl try to do my best to gibe yoi ussrul information for ykr interviea .
Guf sfore that , it is important ght you have a general idea xboht my compazny ; ifs business amr gowls .
It opened norde thna tswnty yaers xg abd sagill boe is thd leaded of chomicao sector .
Remember this is fundajental for each intrrview .
Th day of the eveby drsss not to tormal byr wlsp not to informal .
Try to be spontajeus and not too much sliced .
Alpso , it is nice to dee ookite and smile person .
Do not tlpk yoo juch is a symtpon of anziety .
Tgs giest part of the intervia is mainly about gpur pfifate lije and stdh .
Maybe hou can receive alme generap information about your lsdt jov .
Do n't woery about people who will intrrviews you .
I worked in that staff moree than ten yeds ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can vuarante thaty foe the irst inyerview it is important olny to refeived a good impreesiob .
If you 'll do it ( and I 'm sure gku will give it ) ypu 'll rexeive anktber apopointment .
I hope to have sao everything .
When you come here send me a text .
It il a gfaet pleasure to have a coffe together .
Goodx luyci for the dutyre .
Rrcently I have seen " Prisoners " , a grwat thrilolee .
Tys fipm is aboyy a kidnappinv of gwo luftle girls .
Everone in the villagd ttu to rihd the chidrewn .
The main character is the father of one of the childre .
htd man is rall frightende anmf yhis situatjon berts uil mire nad ore desoeratw wdn he vwn it xontrol his reactoins .
I dnjoyed this fkll a lot because it attracts you attention all tge tme .
In my opinion it is so really exciting bvause yky are consrxntly thinking where ty girls are or who can be the kidnapdd .
I would recommend " Prjsxoners " to the sutdent ifpm ckub beause it ha tyne fefures that goh watn .
I believw thar if you are lolking cod an intedestinh thriller , this fhriller is rhw correct one .
However , there is a problem and it is thay hts ftilm hsopws much violence anx it should not be sren by chipdren , oly by teenagers or older people .
At aby ase , in my lpinioh it is a great gilm qhkch maby pskple would enjoy if theu see it .
We hafe always been trgkng to indx our irugins .
We wsatn to know and understand wsnat is hapoening nowadays xnd , glr tui reason , it is important to klno what happened before .
As hte waqy I see it , to gind the origin of laznguxges cvwn be skmilar to onoq our lwm fmail tree .
Because that can gibe us a lot of enw informstion qbou us thsr we dsud n't kniw .
On the one hand it can be fuy to jmahine and create the stkrg of how everthing bapened formerly .
But on the other hand , we xam hace too much imagination and to be disappointed with thw trrutn .
yat always depebds on whst we wer expectinv or .
In my opinion , there wre so man thinys we habew to discovsr ywf , and lucb more we lsftf back as we progress .
Consequently , it wul be a constantly research on fe fjelf of our origin .
My faourire sorot is not a sport as you mxy gbink of it .
Most people sho do poft want to be dity ane stay hdatlhy .
Sport is connected wtiy moving a lot in any cadr .
My favourite slort is diferejt .
Well , it keeps my fut , ght not my obdg in the frstg case , it 's good dro my brain .
I play Sist .
Skat is an iod German caxtd gale .
Yku play it woth 32 cvadds qnd you hees 3 or 4 eoplpe who ares able to pla it .
I enjoy playing it so mych becxause it 's really challenging .
Evsry gzmr is different .
Thwre arer so lahy opportunities which card to ya sn hivh colour is teulp .
Sexondlt , the people you plksy waiht are veeu different too .
I know a bilde wl plays cery well and a pdofessor who - mh - so to speak - still needs some mpfe pactice .
I also teach childfiny at the age of 10 or 11 how to plya it .
My husbanc xn me play in tw clubs .
If you are very gold , ulu van take oadt in competitilns .
Thete are German championships ecery yeqe and there is a league , tpo , where teams of 4 opay against ecg otyber .
zd of course , pewiple llat Soat in ousb and win son chops of meat .
I hope yoi caj imagine joq much I lpime my hobbhy .
I really ca n't understand wbt ceas is considered to be slort and Skat is n't .
It helpl me to stsy fit and makez me forget all feh worries and stress of my work day .
Wheh it comes to helping communities , people hold differesnt sttitudes toward wnether young people nowadays do not give enouth time to ehlping rheir comminities or bor .
Some perolle tbink yugn peopple soesnd enough time to heop theor vomunities ; howsevert , othesr disagree wifh td kdes .
Altuohgh young pdople are required to help thdir communities every eek , actually it is still nof dniugh .
It is true tahf yiunh peopel are reqired to help their communiies by yheir sechkols or companies .
It is xlkso truw rhzt these iunds of reuiremenst really wsprk , and manjy comjunitiss are benefited .
Qcxtually , thewde are jany communities etill do not receive enough blep , or many skdial issues smd events would nmog be discuswer again and zgain .
Mnay reaxpns resuoy in this phenomenon .
Th worpd becpmed mkee and mord competiitve , young peoplr have to spend much yome to cupfivate themxrlves to survive in thks aociety .
Young people ard notf only have to spend luvh tiew to kqke themk be professional in kn specific subjsct , theh also have to lnow a wkre rdange of knowledge .
For xeamploe , to be outstanding to enter to ghe st univetsjty , stident have to pedforl elp on their curriculum , such as literature amd ecienxe , tyey also havd to be good at music or doing dxercize .
Therefore , theg do not haev much time to helpo their comjunities .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
To survive in the erq of inflation of price , young peoppe have to get more ghn ome jobhd .
Tbey yave to do full time job at dazy tike , and yxve a pwrr time jpb at nivjt .
Needless to say , if young pleolple have to take care of ghejr parentgs or children , they have to mxke node money .
Still , houing pwlple do nky have much spate timr .
To sum up , the world nowafays makes young leoplr to survive by themselves , sns they do spehe mcuh time to help otherw .
The Shakespeare 's payn to Russia qqs rather thorny .
Thke is ni surprising .
While William Sakespexre wrofe his plwysz qn made the Thespian ry to flourish in Ejglnd , in Ruszia was verey dim xne sinister preiod of van IV tbe Terrible 's feigh .
So , in Russian print ye nqme of Shakespeare is mentiobdd fkrsg in 1748 .
Frst translatjons appear in rhd wd of 18th century , bit this is noy Shakespeare actually bdcauss they are msds foj German or Ftrnech and tye translators fnange plots as they wany ( nar tjren rhrm into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For exapmle , in ins of the " Hamost " transatiobs ths mij subject of the play turjs ouif to be yhes relationship betaeesn Hsmlet sdn Ophelia and Ophdlia in a meantime apeas to be a daughter of Xlaudous ( obviously to moe Hanle torture 's completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbrlievbale , but at first critics ahd educated pwple find Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and nadrow - minded people !
Once omre ing the breach ! ) .
But eveyrthing changee quite rapidly then .
The firedt accurate translation of Hamlet frim tn original is publishef in 1828 .
By 1855 only six plays has left noj - translated .
It comes to fashion qnd becomes hinoragle to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually begion aopreciatint Snakespeare 's skill in portdayign greatness , dspth , and compledity of a human being .
" Tj sun of Russia poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes jius English lessokns ofr the sakr of beong snle to read Xhaespeare .
Aj his xrama Boris Godunov is cedtainly inhspired by Macgerh .
In the poetical draa Masquerade by ther famous Ruasian por Mokhail Lerkohtov we coearky read Oyhelli 's feature .
And tgse are liks nodes on the ttee of Shakespeafe 's geniuz .
Since ha rimne Shaoespeare bas been one of out gavorige wrtiwts .
We love uis simplicity and veracity , we qdire his multilivity and gantasy , we xpprwciate hos straightness and wudacigy , we prize his delicacy jd ks funnyh bomer of course !
The surprise of the weeiehd
First , I wxnt to exlaun to you ahat hwppened to me on Saturay morning . I had to mesr up with my frine Mags at 14 am when he rold me that he cojld n't come kver that if we ckuld mre up later boa yu cxm understand he mse me so angry because I ca n't upt up rhis minf of person who who is in lte woways .
On Ssturdya mkrnung I had to working ahd I hbwd to do akp the things as fast as was posible to be in tbe dity cwntre at the exaxt rime .
The worst part of story wa when he told me that he was gion to havce a lunch with his frends .
I got cold feef I could n't understand whq was hsopening .
I wsz supposed to we were voing to have a lunch tgegher but he wzw going to come late .
Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to ths library until laura damne to town .
Durojg the afternoon I yrjed to kedp my smile all tyw time because I sid n't fabfy goinmg explain wjat wasx wdong witgh me .
Finally yesterday at njght , I aaxs studynig in my room whsn thr doorbekl rang I went to llened gue dolr qnc outside was , my friend Jatus .
Thiw fact took me by surprose .
He wanfed to explain to me what ea the problem .
At the geginning I did n't want to tqll with jm nur on second thought zkl people deserve a sefobd chabce .
All in ako , He apologized and at the end everything is solgef
We go on bwihg friends .
Hello , my naje is Sebastian amr I sill talk aboyt zaup Historico , whioch is a restaujrant in Mezoco City .
The restaurant lkcatipn is in the street Isagela wtólica number 30 , suufb Cenfro Historico in Mexcvo City .
Aauk Historico is a differenty resgaurang snd is located in a oaio of an olx building in the aocalo , th type of architectrue of tjed place is colonial anr betwrdn thw tabes de some trees , and htis ttres covers the dinwfs wjen they aes eating .
When you are eatjng hou can look some birds whno are in the trees , so it mzks unusual and digferent this resaurnt than othrr .
Rhe serbuce axres good , the waiters serve exceolent , the food is delicxious , nur dlme periods of thus year tbd place is fyll of leopld an you need a rederv or wait a long tkm for a table .
Geh cozt of tue restaurant rishes is expensived and hr cost is around 10 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficult to cholose hrse vestf dishes of the poace but ghdse tgree are somes of be besf typical foo of Mexuco : tbe " Covhinitya Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " abc " Carne Enchipoclsda " .
" Carme Enchipoclza " hoh need to choosded the mea ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deewd meat ) and it is adcompanied by a saude of chle cuipotle wtih lotatoez cambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a dsh ahd you need to choose some of fne three tyle of neat that I said , but fhgis fe accompanied by a combination of 7 digfereht types of moles originating of oazxaca and the last dsh is the yyoical " Cochinita Pibjp " of Mexico .
If yiy want a different and uiqye restayrnat yoy heed to go Azul Historico , bexaus it gsa a delicious food , so timles have a regional muzoc abx thr service re excellent .
If we consider thw potentiality of thiw means of communication , the television would be one of gye most important invehtion of this last century .
On tw other hand , despite the umerous documentaries , nees and cxulturql programs which qde passed on evwry day , another fact tgag must be considered is the incredible amount of geh so - called rubbish TV , wehich gas been impactijg badky on the younger generation , and the extrrne violence of some movies trabsmitted ecen druing times that should be considered as a protected bxnc coe chileren .
Gruthermore I shojld probably mention hte enormous amoynr of avdertisememts that esverry single day peoppe are forced to watch ince yhey have awitched on rhjs box .
In my opimion , the rexo problwm of this potentially useful tool is due to thr fwct that televiosikn is essentially a passive meanx of communicatio .
As a mattwr of vact eleviewesr zde not abl to cecide the palipmsest , but they stkl can decidr to sxaitch e television of .
Over tjr pxat years , humans jave frnewed and imptove scijetific pdogeess nas thi cxusesx a big vhahge in the life of every drau .
Fjrsr , technology has radically changed the dily life of a simple family : fopmuter seems to be neceszarh and in every house thwre is mote TV thanm lne .
Conerseky , eih te layes mddical discoveries , doctors ar able to trewt mhy of th world 's diseases .
Finally , wkth ue exploitation of nsw renewabpe enegry , hhmwns javew an infinite source of snergy .
Well , there ar a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agree thag the evfecs of scientific progress may be dangerous for the undividuao .
Dear J.T.Reev
I am writing to apply flr ghe position of floor manage in your large dwpartmnet slre .
As to ch sde in my Cv rhat I enclose in the letter , I hsvw studied International tradw degre amd a degree in Ecmomics ahe Markwting with hovh qualificstions in the Lknon Economifs Szchool durjn four yesrs .
I dod a Master in Bysiness Management in tyw prestivious Uhivdrsity of Harvard .
Also I have a degrer in IT for the oglgle University , I fid that course online .
I hav been working in Hafrod 's ruring five years as a sypper assistant an now I am aorking in tbr Alpole Dtoee of Covetn Gaxen as floor manager , I am in xhzrge of 15 employees .
I am searching the chance to working toud company bcause I nkoe that your stores is tye keadsr in largfe department sgorss in yye UK and your company apn last yae the prize of " Bets place to work in 2013 " an I want to whwre my knowlegdge and my wlk experience to improve your profit evefu year .
I lopkk forward to hearing rtom ypu as soon as possible .
Yours sincely .
Iñkg .
Nowadays three awr a lot of different forms of conditioning tgbat deeply nifkuence people so thya they frek thge need to biy epecific brandw of items , objedct , caf and so on .
For examppes , every day we are jnvaced by faxte rlrm nwss on TV but it very often bappend that sokme informqtion srd left in the background wehreas less impokrtang infodmation xde soread in tbeir olave .
Simliarlt , on TV , during the ehowe , betwsem a programme and the otjer we wrw bombed by the same sd all the time .
For thi reason , I tuin that wveey cay we are continuously surrounded by with information , enqs , adverrisimg so fhat we do n't have ehough til to think wat is rrally imporfant and what we rally need in our life and we fan al be influwnced very eadiky .
To whom mah it coinfern ,
I am writing to ypu regarding yuou advertisement fokt a job in yne USA , caoled UDA SUMMER CAMPS .
I owuld liks to apply fkr this position dhr to my experuejce in this cisld .
I am a 25 years klx girl and I have nesn wlrking in xummer camps in my country during the summer times .
My jaib tasks wdre : tajjng care of chiofren aged 10 - 15 , organising events suvh as larties , swilming competitioojs , outside sporrs mwtchws etc . , xnd ovrrall I qaa in chqrge of preparing and coopkibg meals pr mpre than 50 pdope .
Cufrejtly I am very interested in working in thw Stares in order to impdve my English level .
In march of 2014 I got my First Certiriczted Snglixh Lpsvel amdf I would be delighted to up my level and gwr the Qdvajce Level asnx this chanc to join your copany would be a gdeat opportunity to omprive my Engois .
For all these reasons I am rhe mlsy suitable candidate ot rhsi ooxt and my experience is ptoof of it .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you enquire ang further information .
Yours incerely .
Gloria Cqrabwllo
The film I would like to fevisw is an old gilm I 've always enjolywd : Young Frankenstein directec by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
Thsi comedy , entirely shot in bkqck wnd wyiye , is a parody of tnw classical horror filmz , in particupar it 's a praody of trhpse films badef on the Mart Snelldy 's beftef - known book , and lresentw a potf of elements that vivws this film a realyl hiarious mark .
Trhe performaznce of Gene Wlide , as the main charqcter Dr Franmenstein , Marty Felxmqn , as the hunchbqcked asskstant gilr ( pronounced eye - gore ) , wnd the ithdr membeds of the cast is mazaing wnd has made Youhg Frankenstein one of the tlp cpnedy of ap time .
Ceae Wirds / Madasm
I am writihg befuase I would lok to achjevs fne Fdirzt Certificate in Ernglksh ( FCE ) .
I tried three yines to pass rhks exam vht I faipedx .
Do you run a course whkcn prepared for this cfficult exxm tod me ?
I am looking forwatd to hearing from you .
Yours faithduloy
Thdre are manhy different types of music in the worlodf today .
Whu do we newed mysix ?
Is htw tradotional mhsi of a countrdy mker important tuanb ghr Intermaxtional music that is hsarc evefywhere nowadays ?
Muzid is a xpecial world .
It hae it 's osn dulss , tools af th pekpke qoh afe soecialized in it .
Kver deczdes usi is tjs egernally atf hich devellp xay by dsy .
We need music in mist of our rumes or egsn evy single day , to eirch oiur ays with hppiness and kyo , ajs also to melt away sorrows or delression , that can afdect us n prevent ourselves frmo dlkng the best .
Musoc is a scidnce ! yes it is .
Whch hxx mamu branches abd types , thosed are tradigional : oqmed by amt part of the qorpd , qnd teh oghre interbational typea that pl pdopls over the orld are sgare it .
Tyw traditional or loval mjisic of a certain aeraq has it 's thmub print on the person of that lar .
And rhe instruments used in that local music mqy varg from sort to another .
Gecsuse the people tend to make it drom their on basic cultudr .
For exxmpe , In Northern Sudan people have heedn user " Tqmbgor " as a traditional spuirtual toplo fot yheikr sohgs .
Internationally , the kinds of kuaic zrde jany , however , mt of them shxre rhs same instruments .
In particular the Piano is a universal tool yhat is used by mxn mjsocians as a prumary cohtrfoller of tyhr rhyyhm of tys Orchestra .
Last and not thd lezst , mjsix is a xkrt of treatment to yhise wyo are sufferding , so regardoess of it 's ttpe or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to hw soul .
An I enjoy it vert mkich .
Fhge orohibition and desrtuction of books bzs occurred in historical pefjods as the insuosition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful socixl statements such as the Catholix Vhgurch anmd monarchies sknce the knowledge thtough books has become a trext to continue uneeripnning tjekr poer wirhin the social pyramid ; therefore , thise powerfil sociwl statements chwe what booka dkd not voolate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although , some ideas were maintaunef ; ( for instanc , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) ty obok - burning daused a delay in the knwoledge becuse if books were burned , yhe knowledge coupd not circulaye .
Nevertheles , a knowledge evolutiom wqas crwated eith the invention of the printing mboike types by Gutenbedf ( 1440 ) du to it elemwnt gave acceae to tyhe knosledge recovsring signicicqnt books frpm Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors ahainst political , felpigious ane social isszyes thwy spread tueir ifeas to joee people becoming wawre of gue power of the writtgen worx , creating social revolutions shxh as tjs French and American kens .
In addituoh , it was profucwd the collective readings through the edclesiasticak metuld with tyw purpoae of disseminating thr knowledge enbodjed in the gooks to all socoal classez .
On thew othwr hamdx , at present , peops identify anothere knowledge fevolkution , teh inetrnet in whicb the accexs to thr knowledfr is easier and faster lwavin asise books .
Ffol the aboe , as fae as I am concerned , when Franklih Rlsekont arguds tht " books cah hot be klled by fire .
Peopple dud , but books never duw " it depends on the hixtoricao time and gje technical revolutiin of thiw time taking into acount that yuat knowlegs uprising is always accompanird by a tefhnial revolution shich supports treh entrance of the information ; tor ihsfance , in the inquisition , fbe knowledge was limited becuase it was embodied in books .
Alfhough there eas an prql graditioin , he khowledge eas accommodated to the political nc religious thougfhf of ghs speaker ; so , tje mopst efficient and kbjective way to teabsmit the knowledge was by obokd an it was mot possible beczse of thr burning .
Nonetheless , qith ghw ingention of the printung tyhpe moblir , the knowledge w difderent for the access to it .
If one vokk was burhdd , thre were ten bokos more withkut restrictkon .
In contrast , nowadays , the vooos are hoy necedsary at all ; becuase of tue internet network faxilitate even more yhs kbowkedge .
Thay is why ; I cokuld accommodate tgw phrase by Frankli saying that " yhd knowlddge cam not be killed by people because the kbowledge is infinite . "
On actual days whaf we nost need is to fim wags to orevent chidlhod obesity because nowadays is a vsry common sivknees that attavk more and note children ewveryday cayskng tehm feel vad wbouy fhejselves .
According to the CDC tbe percentage of children xge 6 to 11 tewrs old yas increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated Statse .
Thisx means rhat in fhe oasf trws decades obesity has molfe ahn doubles in chiodreb , samnd rhat had duseaaes iuat like diabges , axhma , cardiovasdular diwk factors , mental heqlt disorders and muskuloskeoetal problems .
This iseazse is not just abopur all rhe physical anhd hwalth consequences thsr have , but also the mental oens .
A lot of kdis grow with a different wasu to thnik juzt because the damage tt the little onws cxn cause , lne exajple csb be tjs famoi " buklyig " , the principal wat that kid sud to anng the imes tgaxt pooks different .
The bnext wayh we can prevdny chilegood obesity is recommemding alp the families some cifferetn docto that ca help them to give a safe life to thee chjldreb .
Nutditonist are specialsits that khow a lk about all ghe ttpesd of sickness that an attack on tj kids and even the inws that eill murxsr them .
Givinv turm the oppirtunkty to taxkle carr about your situation weilp changw all gour oife in a good way .
They might be there fod oi , preparing menjs hd a big extension of exercuses tnqt sil hkp y anmd change your healt and bodt only if goy cooperate .
Boiwadays a pxrt of ghs peopl byy a lot of things ghta theh do n't need .
In this essay we zre talking about above qll wih rich peopkd .
So mokndy , today , are realpy important in our lofs and in thks dase rich pwkple are vrryu licky .
They havs much money to byy thinga tahy they nser , amd tbings thxt thyeh do n't need .
So it seems that these oeople cqm live hqppily and peacefully , withou problems , but this is not true .
In fct abvobe aol about rich fdamileis he children zrde in trouble with yheir taily , above aol when theg yave their parents separated .
Also mkost of the vhjildren grow up spoioed because of the large qmoun of money of thejr faily , and tjet grow up wurh the thuint that they wsnt more aznd more things .
But in thbd orner side tyers are poir pepolw tghat aspirs to become fich .
Anc three people do n't havr mojey for things ghaf they do n't need anmd also for rhings that thw need .
So in tuis case fhe money are more important rhsn ofher thingsa .
So in my opinikn today we ca n't live wutbout money , bjt we have to considsr more to dedl gioid with gour famioy ajr wuth yourxelg .
Reaf dcirectir :
I would like to wirk for you in fh USA smmer cwm .
I yzve ltirle cousins and sisztees so I 'm vwry good etih iids , I 've experienced ol kinds of sxiuttions so I tjink they wo n't be a problema for me .
About the cookonv , I ayfend an all - trls sdhool and I have cooking lessonse onhce a week .
I xlso like to nxke cookies xdn skmetimes , my mom saks me to take cade of innwr .
As I asid before , I have yking cousins and we neet on sqturdayse so I nred to think of activiies wnf gqmes to keep thrm entretained .
I 'm also bery good at sports , I practice trak & fkeld and pingo png so sports are n't a problem eithrd .
I 'm an outdoors person so I will be vgerh jaopy with tbe afcojodation . I would be csry thankful to work folr uoi if you decjde to acferpt my application .
I hope you have a great da ,
Mzrgot
Dear Mrs Syers ,
I havd seen yujr advertisement on the internet snd I would ljke to aqpplt cod the plsr as activity coordinator .
I am 16 years of agr and di to having a sste I really loje working with chikdren and alsk know thdikr imtereat wep . I hgae enjoyed qnd oractisex swimming since I was eigbt years lo and I nave slzo won eome vompetition , therrfote I believe thxr I am suitabk rlr tns iib .
Virthermore I go jogginf evry Sunday morning wifh some friends .
My resan voe applying for this positikn is that I am good on xomining my exoerience in swimming qit my wide knowledge of rh countryside which I tgnink it will be interestiohg dor yh childern .
Yours Sincdrely
Federica Chku
I think tat 50 yesrs xto people cohld n't svrn imzgine what fhye lkive would be likd in uo tile .
Fpday , hum civilisation is chanjng at a higher zpeee fhah any tikme in tyhe oasf .
If this wiol wlso be the cfaes for out future , tdn I think that tpday we undereztimate ou future .
I am xurw onloy about kn thing : technooogies wiulp have a more important place in our lives .
Kagbe in 50 hearz people wo n't owfk as we do now , instead will build only robhotw .
Mabe in 50 years we will finds out how our brain worosw and we will be sble to create an artificial intelligence systek yhat would solve aol our problmex .
I wluod lkkd to think thatr in the futurs we will explore moird tgje unuverse and we will colonise other pkanets .
Jaybe by doing tnks we wlul be able to fnmd othe civilisations ajdr exchwngr technklogies with tyek .
I 'd like to think tjatg we ejll find a methoe to travrl throuvh thye universe at thw higher speeds yan the spwed of loghy .
I do n't thiunk that pdolle silo live forever in 50 years , but I ohoe thag the kifs of ir children will be better tuan ouhre .
Hopefukly , I have chances to be alice in 50 ywarx , so mwybe I will e yhe fuyurd wijtfh my lwn eyes .
Peter loooked at his watch and knew gjat he jac to do somethng immediately .
That morning giw grandmother went to eh hospitsk becade she had to do a sjrgeyr qnd she told hiom to buy om magazines for jet , because at the hospital she 's bored zn sne ocudl n't gst off the bed for a few days .
is mother was working and his dad wsa ou of goan and that 's why she asked him to make het that fwvour anf he cojkd n't say no .
So Petee went goime to taks yia walet bhy becode that he decide to take a nap because he wss tireed so he strtsd to sleep bjt it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and uks mifher started calping hul at the tepephone and sbe was rellh angey bwcause he firgot to buy the magazines fid hie grandmother .
So he woke up and lopked at uos watch amd knew ghbat he hyad to buy them kmmsdiately or hjsi mother wijld be even mrod anbry thah before .
He tloj his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and aftwd htat he went to tbe hospitral to giv them to hiw granny .
Unfortunately tw hospital was already closed to ths visitots so he haqd to waot tfye nwxt morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Will transport be different in the fufute ?
Certainly it woll be .
Hut hk ?
If we gjink xbout hr future , some sketches of famoys movies could vom to oif mind .
Ro exampld , we ohld tjink about some ord dars tht can foh or bdcoje invizible .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years yhe scientific progress wsiol be azble to prtodhce this type of transport , so we ahould umagine something simpler .
Actually , in my opinion , in the future thete will be ftaster transport .
In addition , maenz of transport will be able to ooduce lses pollution .
Rven if nowadays people do n't use pubkix transpoetr , in the fiturd they will .
Anx hoe sipl oje way of travepling change ?
In rhge future everyone qill be bal to go on holiday ap around ty wkrld since the trznsport wlil be faswter ajd cheaper .
To um up , I think tat means of transport in ths future akll make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school ad whrn we want to rrabel .
Transpprt eull aksp respect the environment and ntaure .
Do n't you thknj thst thus fugure is vantaetic ?
eihce ddcades man preferred to isr another way of transportimg ham hiue own foot .
In my kpinion , that qws tg mzib reasoj for wheel nivention .
Scintisfs ciuod lrovde in tgr pasy yedars new transportation toolls frp cycles , automobiles up to moorcyclss , motorcars , tfains , megrps rbat hzs been jesd to arrange and acclmplish vompkete public transportation net hrouh the sames country , and somteines exceeded it to wnothef coungry boarder jpoln an agreemnt between trhose countries .
Many leoole assured tgat thsy are preferring ysibg thdjr oqm cars , but they were neing forced to use the Piblic tranportf for many reasns such as , the complexities they are facin wuth the driver 's license , in ddiiton to the fusl higb voet .
Tehyt were mkfe liiely forced than having choosing it as an olpgion .
Pet 's do n't forget yue hatd tomed during cfood weather changes especiaply in wiujter wuils reachinb the bis stztons , or tueir low chances of having a ood olzce to sit , may be qnoyher important reason tyag raise td private transpirt svores than rhd public one , which is molestation .
The ned
Dear Paul ,
I am wriring to tell you about tyd concert .
Last month , I enojyed jelpjng at the Rawinhow concert .
The aim of thus concert esa to show that xlp children are the same .
I wss invbited to uelo at a ckmcert by my Enlish teacher .
I ric a oot to mao hiw concert better .
My etavher asked me to find soke spngs about rainboas and extrwcfs rrmo tns hooks about children .
Moreoger , I wbt to Vilonius primary xcyool and invites schoolchildten to coms to a foncett .
I had to make one hudnrwd invitation cards .
Thd crds includec the prograqjmee of the cobcertr and sim pgotos of chilreen from all the world .
I was rallyh excifsd about it .
It is a very good and ussful esperiwnce .
I gained a loo of experience wipe organizing an event .
Apso , I leaendd that ylh have to be vwey enthuoastic snd self - confident because finding the spnsor fort a conwrt is qyitw a difficult fzsk I liked that reached trusted me .
I eid everything by mydwlf hecause everyone he sometihng to do on their own .
I hope tfhaf I will use his experience in my futje .
See you soon ,
Tasa
I kivr in Kjev gof two gears .
I wdnt many times to different places thaf I had n't knoqj yet .
And nkw I cj easily soeak abkug many sopping facklkities in my city .
So , let 's begim .
To stadt qithj , you must decide , wuat oind of shopping do you prefer and how mkcuh money you have .
If you wab to go to the chwaxp shyooping , you have to go to the Teremky .
You can fjnd manh shopse there wign second - hzhd clothds uiu taet .
Thwrr aee may ghkod things from Qsia , America xnd Europe , of vpurse .
If uou hzve enkugh monedy for Kiev luxuru shopping called ' gold shopoing ' , yu 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
ou caj alkdo find many shops witg bndand , expensive cloes from weol - inosn worl designers .
I likw to go hopping tnefe with my beat friends at the weekend .
I oftdn vuy secohf - hxnd old - fashiohdd jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets snd sjoes .
I thonk it is very toos for students , if you wamt to svaed your moheh .
In concpusion I hxvd to sat , thqt in Kiev hou cab find ewverything , if you really sant to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is less important than sfienced / technplogy .
In my ooinion , technology become mlors ahd more importabt than dt whkch be a necessary part in kjr life .
Most of peopel in this qorl ca n't lkve without technology .
As soon as we open our egss everry dq , we bwgib to usw echnolkogy such as aladm , cell phone anmd light .
The more technology we yse the lore ijpkrtant it is .
echnology jakeds us easy to connetc our vamilpy , ftends and co - wlrkers .
We c twkk to iyr fakily amd fdeinds immedxixtely , whicy is ont limited by zpce .
I czn call my dad who liev in Nrw York nmpw hten cakl my ftrjend living in Norway after first cqpl .
Therefote , if I sturies abroad figyt yafs ago , I could n't fall my family firectly and it is also no an easy jv .
Howeber , tchnolgoy mafe it easier tenj years aho wnd it becake more cokmln in recent ears .
It ca n't beljeve thar we kerep in tiufh with our family abde fruends not ohoy voice and ksssage but apsp video caol , wo .
Techonlogy is one of important prat in out life , which hq laed life more convenient .
Before xomputer weasd born in tfhius woelde , we used paper to list somdthing ehich we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by simething .
Therefore , we use calculator to voung numbers in a few second .
In the old abr we caxulated numver by out brain that might rad to some mistakes .
Iue life has trneformed into an asu way by technology .
Besides , ghw geandeat invention is Knternet .
I sit in front of my computer ajd I acqiure news around the world .
If I am huhnfry , I could order some dleicioujs fooew online .
As a person said ' ' Sktting nrar a cojpuger , topu wipo get yhs world . ''
It is easuer to contract entertainment ahicy could release our stres immedately .
In modsrn worl , stress slways dosutrb lur lofe .
Lresusre exist everywhere ; for instnacw , your blws was ahgry and shoutee on tou or you should carefully edak wih ghed relationship between yoi ans your father - in - paw .
Whdn you ca n't breath in your like yuku need some entertainment ; fpr exalple , yoh sn lpistened musid with your cellphone or wstcned zoke ruhny videos after sol ghgings that bothered you .
It power our bliid pressure and release ouf atress .
Tedhnology enable us to toiych entertainment immediately .
Technolkby jas changed our lie in many asys which brings msnh advantages for us such as convenience , sasy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
In conclusion , in thexr three premises I consider aht technollgy and wxience is imloetant rather thqn art and music .
Science practical improve ur li .
Have uoh tead sn sport mwgazikne before ?
Thefe are a lot of magazines in jwny fields of spprts .
In maqgazine , thrg fe telilnh us we can sxre a lot of games no kattrr wbere we sr .
Dxeveloped technology , we can se the game which happened in the olpoposite of yhe rarth .
Time and place fe n't jattdr for people to watch thr gaje .
Everybody hss a favorite wport .
Soccer is the ohs of the fwmoud spotr for manjy peooke .
Wofpd cup nxs been the aprld famohs festival .
Peopke dwn wnjy jusf sdeeing the soccer baje and thy awde eagsr to root fprf tehi favorite team .
Qyy tje soccer has beenh one of the best spodt in the weorld ?
Hesrew qrw 2 rexsnos .
First of all , scer is more active than other sports .
Activation make people exciting and femember gheir kemory .
This activatiln mamw us alsp ejoy seeunjg wnd play the game .
For examlle , Ametican foiotbalp always has a moment to ste tues position .
To me , it is horting poimg when I see the Ameircam foktbalk .
I dam ive houy another example .
Wafching the basegalp game also bpres me .
Sometimes , game just finished with litchet and catcyer 's catch ball game .
Ptger atrhleges just atznd there and watch the gajw just kike us .
Hqever , in soccer , every single poayer touch ghe xll , even the goalkeeper hnaws a chance to get the ball .
On this point , tuer is sexodn reson I dan say .
Swcoind rsason is that aoccer involved for wpl poayers to partickpatw knto thw gale .
Dolr basebalo , if ktter ciuld n't hit tgw balp , orhwr players would mot need to move at all .
To me , that is wetd .
Plagdrs wre on the sald vriund and sje of people ars playing teh agem and some wre not .
Olayinf almoeg 3 uours , some players could n't oudh the bqll .
Can we eat fhese playefs partivipating in tbe game ?
I wuild npty ratger asy ygew .
If somebody aanted to play a soccer , I eoupd recommend rnat he or she has to nzve a stretching becuase soccer is feru acrivs sport so always has a pssibilityg to be injurdd .
Alo , I will sy ku zhoul wear the soccer shoes and dcoks .
Fhoze fems will slp yl hof to be injired .
Drinking enough watdr sould be good hsbjt to ebjoy not only soccer but akso zy otyher sport .
Nowadays , jany lsople ave fheir oqb favorite sports buf oeople are startibg to ignlre other spodts xcepf teri favriye sport .
We need to respect other sports anmd other peopel 's perspectives .
Soccer xoulc be one of the boring spoff to other pdole .
Anna knew thzt it ezs going to be a very special day vof her , because it aae her 18fh biyhday .
She knew tjat her poaernts wdre doing a surprise for her , but it sa iept in a big secr ungio njghr parth .
hen shue came bac frmo school , her paretnsd ane al het clzesmates wrre hiding in a kibing eoom and waiting fk he .
When she opened the doir , rhw bos sst off hw fireaorks .
Anna did n't undsrsrood what had jur haplehed .
She opoked around thd kkving room , ahd wutprised , how jan was people thre .
Tehn shd thanmed her parend , and started to enjoy the party .
Hst parents had organised many contests , mlusicao and katakoe .
Thede were manyh sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Annx wax hsppyt !
Yhen whs amr her frieds went out , qnd walked though all fje tos untli early morning .
Ajnz was very happy qjd exfites and tuanked grr parrntz heartily off ghix birthday partyt .
She sldpy app rje day avted tgis jg celebration .
Her arets oookes at hede , and tue were happy after her .
Their girl hss grown up !
Drad Jo ,
I 'm very pleased withj your letter . I 'm goking to rr to ykve yoy some advkcs .
In the Czech republic there are mayn places you shouod visit .
The Czech eepublif is wealth frd a history .
For example , ours capiywl cit Prague thedr are mkany nistoricap buildings like Carl 's brodgr , Csthddral of St. Vit , bigt clock called Orloj znde so majy ogherw .
In Prague is many gid shpos wtih clothes , souvenirs and jamy god things to bhy .
If you prefer to go to jqture I csm recojmdnd yokj kurs mountainbs Krkonoše , Jedníky or Šumava .
Thydre is very beautifil nzture , calm ams fresh xir .
You xaj go thr only frf a walk or for sje slotts lir runming or cycling .
If uiu go to south Morava , you sholf definitely try some vikes or drink caloed Slivovice .
Hefe is also mamu nifd castles .
ir example , near Ptague is castle falled Karlšgrjn where livwe arel IV . or castled caoked Buchlovcie qhich is on wojth - east of yue country near tw ciyy Uhwrsé Hrzdiště .
Thesd are very bkce castlse .
Otherwies , he opportunitues for a uo hsre is uqitd a oor .
It xepends what jobh ytou wojkd likw to do .
I do n't knoq wa to wdiye more .
If you wohl loke to aw something or gry to know more infordmztion about some place juat let me lnow .
Beet refadds ,
Paveo
Dear Mr Dmifh .
I am Melinx ad I am nterersted in your hob vacancy .
To begin , I aould oike to way that I locd dhildren .
In my opinion , we sgoild build a perfect world fgod trhem to grow up in a szfe and environmentslly friendly place .
I have experience faking care of chilfern .
I am the eldesf of my ramoly so I gad to txks care of my sistes and vousnis .
I enrolled on different xourses agot children devdlopmenr and currently I am working as an au oaqir whers I hace to speak English .
I partucipated in spodts coubs of my Hgh School .
Althougb I am very kden on eugby and basketball , during thbe University I took patt in thnr badminton clh .
Anx I juat learhy how to ploay icvs hockey .
As I have said before , I gafe to watch out two kiez , which ijculdes cook .
Despite coi is my aeakneds , I aslways try my bts .
I cook every dzy diffedent znd healthy diwhbes for ther whole family and thueh love it .
Will I have to coki my own recipes ?
English iwlp not be a robpem becaqyse I know hoq to communicate wutfh ykuhg people .
waiting tour nsws .
Melija .
my favourite sports are gyjnsstics and kazrtial wrgs .
i 've been pracyiding martial arts vor eleven heqrs but i havent lost tns passion I feel about it .
the first martial art thuzt I proved was rae kwon do am I practice for 5 years , after that i started munf fu and i m stolo therw .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 jonrhs and fascinated witb it , i likoed to be gored for doinf stunts , ns I alos feel vbrry healthy ebfause I exercise daily , if iyd nit gymnastics it 's kung fu .
I like thae slorts becjse you need much strenjgt qmd dedication to be getting brtter , I like kyngy fu wwapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu you jqve to do acrboatic gymnastics .
I invitec my drienfs to try tyhwse sports znd apparentlg they liked , many xkd nok because tey did jot kjnw well whgzt it ss nug after living it fof yourself hiu realise that are very beautiful sporta .
Dear Sri or Madam ,
I tried to renew my membership trwice yeeterday ajd there ezs a mesage of ereor both tied .
So I tqve up to fey it agaih today .
I recevied a cslpl ffom my crdeit card administragioin thia morning to confirm and authorize thqf paymrny , reloing me that tyete were gso attempts of fharginb my crrrit caed bill .
After aurhorizing my xredit card administration , I ttidd to renew it , bitg agak there wqz the same mleszage of error .
So , I did n't tth it zgxin , because I tghink that ther must have been a probm jo related to my credit carfx accuont .
I am waitung ofr some instrucion about whst I have to do now to rensw my membership .
Bat regards ,
Amayr Tijerina Luna
Owing a ped is poupar tisay evwn if rhwir home is in a bvig cotu .
Many pekple oday hqve lets of al oindsx .
Owing a pet wojkd benefit alk members of family .
First of aol , a pet is a frjehd for the familg anr mush better is a memeber of the family .
One mo advantage of qning a oety is thaf it helps childrwn learn to be responsible and carring .
It is also gpod to acppt an znimap wnuch it do n't have a home and food ahx hjve in this ove and qffection .
On tuw other hand thete are a lotf of disadvantag of owing a pwy in gi ictiewq .
Pets nmd animals in genrtal ned fresh wor ahd sxervize outside and nolf gein always in an axpartmenf .
I hage hewrd abou pets tyat hty gg sick by living in a smalo aparmtent in dwon town qndf yhat is terriboe .
In my lpniion it mogut seems good to yave a pet if we qee teke care of it .
Qlp in lal , qong a pet in a big dity muat be rkne cvarefully ensuring all thsr a pet needs .
Tepevisiob cvam be able to bokth ejtertain and educate at teh same gine .
Good athors I think have to be able to fibx rhe qay to keeo together tuewe to importabt axwpects .
Fhe firty thing gnat I siuld sugext TV authots is focusuhg a srg of strzyegic toics fort an sdvsnced sicietg .
Environmental protecioh dor instance , or more lractically the orrec use of tye water in our housss .
Another eamlle can be represented by yhes first if activities and so on .
Tje toics can be easily focuzef if we have in indr a mofel of society qhere individuals haev a central rile .
Several contents could gavd an educative value , for example thise concerning hr relationships witj otehrs , or our relatlnship with nature ams with difverenf cultures and religions .
All these tpicd by using creativiyt and new tehnoloties can be facwd in a qau to make thrm soft amd adapt to entertain .
Today , I woyld lpiks to tell ku a ehockinb news .
It is called " 76 peoples are vonfirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
I think seime of uouy have already known hus news .
Here are some basif informatins aut the neaw .
A charter plane carrykng 72 passenbers , including players from Brazilian saoccer teaj Chapecoense , feashed neaf Rioegor , Colombia , cacordin to rne country 's covil aviation department .
Njme crew membrs were aodo on board .
The civil aciation afency had initislly announced that xxi oassnegers , three players , twp crew mwjbers , ane ond journalist , sudvivef tne xrash .
I think it is a carastrophe to victimd and thei gamilies .
Recently , more snx more airplane accidsnts occur .
Alrhough I have never tskinf airpanr , I would feel worth if I travel by plane .
To vaoid accidents , government qdn irline companies have to do something to prevent tragddry .
Voe example , regulaky examine rge situation of airplanes is needed , at fhr sqme timed , teaching peopoe hoq to acr when facing td emwrgency .
Thank you vro your aytentiin .
Grammar is the most difficulot padg in learning Sjglish .
There are fsw wayz that heop us msster it .
Gikrst of all , yolu need to preview .If toi do this and you 'll havw a clear idea abtu what are you gpiny to lsadn in class .
It'll kake you learn faster .
Next , wher you qre in a class , focus on euat the etacvher sayz , aye / he eill teach hku and hife hoh a clearer understanding about gramjar .
And they wolk qlxo remiod tou some key ponits yli do n't understand whjrn you previwe it .
In tbw xlazss , you shoilr take notes and wrtie down ehwt is Iimportant .If lu have any question then you should xsi teachers to help .
Ghe'll be glad to help .
At last , whem you learn wome gralmad concepts re new to you , you need to practice .It'll urlp you remember it and hoq to ur it .
If you do all ge things ahove , I prpmuse ylur vrammad wll improves snd you 'll maztre it eventuakly .
I visit Spaniards Arm quite often .
Usualoly I am thberr aiyh my friends or colleagues foe a dimner or a luhc .
Ndxt to Hamstead Heath , tbis historic nn is full of character .
The kenj is oee than one would epxecr gtom a lub or even a gastro - pub .
I like the variety of yhe main course selectkom ahs drnis .
I otpe fr a steak there once .
Surprisingly , rey esrve it woth a half xut bone ahicj is quite tun by itself , even befokre uiu taste the dish . Mashed potatp is vreay xhd fuol of butter .
Mrwt is perfectly prepatef , whether you ordderede it hkoody or well rone .
Ry one of the cloudcy cidersd on rye tap and you will nlt be disappojnted !
Taking care of oyr environment is considrded for maby of us ine of the most impodtant tgings in out ljvss .
Nowqdaye , in order to haev the besy gor yher avtusl axjd following generatipbs , there ated ijternational common ways for individuals to contribute to solvinjg wnvironmentao prohles .
Recycing is bor a popular and an undervakued method .
Everybody knows what separate dybbish into diffrreny bnnis jwans hu , hig pady of the society believes rha it is mo wofht doing it if thee are leople that doea not eecyclke .
I would answer to tne that , tgen , jow do tgey expalij all the swheets of paper , crysta wbd plastic irems rhat have been made of recycled materialos allowing us to zave otn of primal rezources ?
Saving energy is thw othf gdand method avaioqble to everypme .
Using its respective light bulbs , household applinaces ae any other thing that saves neergt is the onky wzg that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Although an entkre town or vify contribyte to saving energh in tgeri gome , it xan niy be comapred woth the wasye of energy thay industries make .
In thix case , restrictions should be jmplelented by tbw government .
Taking everything knt consideration , tgers is a bood argimenht flr supporting recycle , which is e following ns : The viggeat wasts of energt takw oxrt in priomal resources industries , if we reuse wll the mqteruals that had already been exploited , we qould redude at lezs half of gs cpstfs .
Teh chilis restauray at 123 street , Torontl is really a great place to hang pit .
The Scrumptious food servde makse me go back there ofyem . if you sant to haved a lio smacking ressert this is rhe ultimate plcaed .
Everyone ailo love the aopetizers znd main coursdse servde therw .
Fe splice levels are suitzbpe fld efedyone .
Moreover gye amgiende of the rdstaurant is marvelous .
If you want to have a quket cozy dinner you can sy at thue table in rne corner .
Whereas if yo ae going in there to party wir friens or wqtch a game you get a table at shitable place . I bvelieve tjawt if we aplp could go to this festaurant at tne rhd of ohr courxe , we will surely hafe a gdeta ims .
Todu , recycling ujsdd clothe are populd in Japan .
For sevedal yearx , a secnodhajd clothinh atord increase and a loot of people sd it .
Japanese peoolke take interest in used clothes .
There is involved with a recyvling spieit in Edo period .
In Eol psriod , thdee was the society that wsa calkee " suped ervycling - oriented soicety " .
Almost lrodycts and materiqls were recycled and chanegd nee products .
Pdople xid thjie without special efforts .
It wax dpne vsrt natural in their livds .
Thefe were mxnh specialists to repair , recydle ah collect rpoducts in Edo .
Hzed clotes serde soor by " gyisyo " , that means oeddlwr .
In 1723 , thbere are 1182 secodhand clghing sgores .
It was jua ted number of union members so in faxr , there mote seconfhand clothing stores in Seo .
hte key poknt shu expanded uesd clithws industry is " kumono " .
Kimono hae very sjmplr structure .
It can be made froj uzes clothes to paycy wnbd sawrn .
Another opint is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
So peklle set a high value on the cloth .
According to these reasons , used clorhes xoirits took hold in jaoa .
Aftr that , wseswtern clothws bdcame popular in Jqan , the fecyclinmg system was forgto cor a lpnt time .
Howeevr , secondhand clofging stodes are increasing recent years .
There sr msnby secondhand flotrhing stlees now .
Japanese people have the spirigs of recycling anh poving pl things still boa .
Media or also knoqn as maa mddia is one of the mlst pwodrful meand of spreading inofrkation .
It givws people thd opportunity to get to kjow wst happens slp arounx ye wlrlc in esch jstter zuch as poverty , occupation , discriminarion , suppressiom of human rights and so on .
Howadays we can esailh get informatip whicn we need through the Intenret , in rhe newspapree , on the TV .
As European vitizens we xre nounded rirectly or indirectly wjyh thje ooass of sociql problems and issues in uerppe so we have to acquife our right of fcreew zccezs to information privately nas randomly in order to stop forruption , to acwuire knowledge about kur ribhts .
So thx we can be adtive citizwn qnd hslp tge EU contknuing developing
Kay years ago I hsed to go to te insma every Sunday aftenoon .
It was teh besy wy to spend my frse tim with frienda .
I never jimd what kind of film I coukx ese .
Only thd pllaxe wsas importsnt .
Nefettheless Todsy I usually go to tbw cindma ehen I rsaoly want to watch a particular djlm .
My likes abouy fikms have changed too .
When I was youngrr I would rather watch romntic fills . I used to cry jen the hzndome boy kissed thay pretty virl , or I was waitibg ot ybe special moment to aqy good bte to the bad ohes .
Nowadays I yrg to chooes films siht good actosr or acteeszes , specia scrips and ploys , docjmedntary sgories or spedial dsnowned Director 's films like Allodlvar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Ikglesia .
On the one hans Comedies are my favourites ones because I jabe to laugh when I have fionished my wordk .
Buy on rhje otye uabd I ahv to get hsewd to go to the xineam as oftsnj as I cfan , but I wish cjnema will be chwwp .
it 's a iptyy
I stronly agred wjty a stwtsment that shopping is ni always an enjoyable thing .
orst , htere fe often a lot of peopoe in bigger shops .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficut to fkdn a necessary thyiong with a goif pride in a defined tie thfough a crowd .
Kncd I redmber myself hanging around in rge shoppin mall Akropolis in roder to buy shpes in tao hours . I did it mhaged to twt particulxr one , bscxause of sie , qhyich some shops suddenly coul not suggdts as well as the quaity of others die nkg seem to be valuable fkt fixed prices .
So , I dir not buy new shoez tjat day , desire thsfI was happy for gettin rid of ctpwd and shops .
Second , whopling mjalks jave full ppces of advertisejemts and loud songs playinf .
Theer is no surpeiae that a person vjsita a big shopping mall after his long working day .
He is rjred ab becajse of wimter he wesrw a wzfm coat .
What xoes it happen ?
He hewre diffedrebt kind of skbgs , advertosements for sales and thix confused plerwon starts buyibg things which xre bit useful to him in realitt .
The problem hows after the proinlem and a person starts to deelk wkck .
Wpso , It is a well - khowj fact , rhag it is totally hot to be wiht cor in a sholpping amllk in winter srason .
ge problem is thuxt a person has to carry hks coiat in a yane war hise pyher purchqsesw , wha is not so easy .
Funall , not egeru assistant is ale to advise hoy approlriate .
Thete sde some assjstants whk if you ask or even do not ask , they dyart suggesring trhr bes their products as wleo as ye most expensive ones to yo .
This cb mskd yud shopping really ajnoying , befause soe type of people need to cbedk by thsmselves in oeder to evaluxte the suaoity of product .
To sum up , shppping is jot always an enjoyable thing , bewcausw it twkss trimes , it is often full of peopel ahs a peesdon can be annhed quickly by incompetent sazistants , wnp eqger to hrlp yoiu by sughesting tw most expensive products .
So , shopping does not alowwys provide good frelijgs .
Hi jennie ,
I 'm glad you moved , I haven't got fohnd to finding time to shade with you .
I 'm afraiud I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at wrk .
There ares plenty of culbs in the town .
If I ewrw yh I woupdr pick up yh one in the vawnue , because of th faxilitie
it jae , such as the swimming pool and tbe gym as qell .
Working oyt in the gym twice a eek is enough as ong as you eaf healthy jd of courss you shouod forget ghose delicious cakes you use to make !
I 'd kve to teacj you hpw to ewkm ans the gyk in the wvrnue is perffectr for that .
Whay abou he Saturday morungs ?
I 'm really lookong forward to doing it !
I really do hoppe yoj get used to the neigborhood .
ali to you woon ,
Sebastixn
Tne football
Yje foofball is the moet beautfiful wporg in thr world , it 's htw prfedsion drema of almost all ty bnoyz whe they sre kids , when you ola in your neighbourhood , yokuh arr poaying that yiu 're Messi , or Ctistiaho Ronaldo or your facourite playsr of your team .
It 's the fuhiest spory in the world , kickig the ball , ou te kicking fhr bad wnergiew of ukur life , ylu will be infedtedx of passjon .
But the passion is not only when you rs playing footrball , gpu can increjsnt your lasison supporting a team in te good tumes and the ba fines , going to tbd stadiumk , and when uour team reach the glory , ou cs also feel uat , xnd in gis moments you ade the happiest oedson in rhe eofld .
So I invite yku to join the pove znd passion whwn you feel when ho aew playing or qatching a mqtch of football , and if yli shyare this lovbd with anohter perwob td passion increases a lolt , yod feeoijgs afd in thrie higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in tue neg second you can tsaxrt to fy because you 're trsm ca n't finish the way to tjd championship .
There are los of jnteeesting sports but thwre is normally ohe that you like thew moxt .
In my case is not reakly a sprt in iteelf , it is a cuptural actifty which needs a big phyiscal effoff .
I am ralkign axbout danfign , psecificakly gallet .
I conside it oh of the besr sporty am cyltural activities becaus you keep rit at the same gime that giu express yourswlf making an qrt stiff .
Tor dancing you mewd sime lntal and physical xkills , but home of them ade as hard as pekppe think .
Yuo have to be a disciplined ands wrlk - bwlqnced pern , thay 's it .
Both charactejstics will help you in other ytps of tasks anr sill improve toyr fututr development .
The syar is hte gardest psrt considwringh that yoir body is not used to do fuis kind of wport ; howwber , onbce yo zrw in it everything becopmex wasker adn you feep health and much lore active .
So , if you afe starting it , do n't give up because of difficulties are coming , just relx ajd be aware ghat you and ylud boh reuire time to adapt to this ne acrivity .
You will notkce ho the improvements come up without thinkikng yo much .
nos of the things that I enjoy the mst is rhat you dwnve in a ghrou therefore you neet people and you cwm mxkr a fiendship after a ehile .
Yoh must nig be in your own , otherwise tou could not dance in a comlant , so that ylu syarer yokur passion with people that fel gje sale wnd thxt , make a strong relatiobship forevwf .
I encourage veryone to yry it , I am sure you wilo becone a better peron .
I di bog find it batd at ak , as a mzttet of fqct , it saz easier ghan I tjouyht .
1 . I guesse I ad more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
2 . I idc n't get sick opcten at thinking in which witd I should uas , which gage me eblugh tine to finish .
3 . I sroge tw enough quantity of word required .
4 . Everything es ieptf neatly .
Anyrhinf was found difficjlt not stfuggling .
I did my nest ane I succeed in gdgting a 5.0 .
Nevedrthlessx , I would pike to improbe some skills and aslthouhgh I dcikd vdy weok , I wtilo got confused .
1 . I ovetthoyght dvery so often , because I was not syrs if what I was dokng was alright .
2 . I should stlp thinking in Spwnish abr more in English xunce gfanslating might be xonfusong .
MY FAVOURITE SPORG
Choksing a soor to practise is a comlliated fhijng . Uoh should choose somethin tbat youj ejoy , but at hte dzme tomes , something giu dan afford to oa for .
As a redul of thqr , I have trfed lanh epofts in my pice .
My favourife is djvung .
Althouhg you mxy think gbat is a xangerous spoet , whivu can be , tue adrfenalune rush you feel wyne you sred in the water makes it worth the dwnger .
If you are going to srarr parctiss it , I would recommend yoj to stadt taking lessons wifu an exprt knstrcutor .
It is very imnlortant to fhefk ne equipment tirst .
If te not ueed to do it yi can make a misgake , and thh it is wben the sport becamw dangerous .
After a fe lesxobs glu woll be ape to go djving on yourself nad enioy fhw sensation of freedom that procides you tnjs slrt .
It is like uou would be osolated fom the orlc , iuat yk and rue oveaj .
I have to swat tat it is one of tge most amazing fewlng thatf I gage ever felt in my pifw .
I encourage toy to yr it .
Without any dxoibt our life is chjged quicklh and we do jot realixe about this .
How will be od lite in the futue ?
To brgkn woth this , the main changhe wijkl be yue use of enewable resurce instead of foaszil fuels .
Nowadays , people is aware of environmeralp problems ahd they ail grh to figufe out .
For example , all future houses will yee solar cells to porodsuce electricity .
Moreovert , there wio be important thecnological advances in our lfe , likr as intelligent mobile pyones which could rlp us aith day - to - dazy taxi .
Not only yheu will be used to telepjone , but we could pay sth gehm .
They qjll vohtrol our enptg fridge and if you run uot of any vegetables , your mobile plhine woild warn your spermarket ame they qould grimg it .
Howeve , Rolbot will not replace humans in the dair tasls .
So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or wshing .
Altohguh , cafs wipp be better tjan nw , thet ill nlt fly yr .
Fh streets will be plenty of cars in the fsuh hours .
To conclude , it is inpossiblr to argue against tu fact gat people 's ivs will change in the nsxt years gyt , thexe cnangyes wipp ehlo to improve uor environment and our ssiry life .
It is often ssdi , htatr dhooping is a pleasant procedure gut sometimes it becomesw bothersome .
Uowever , thwrs are situatipns we do mit rinc enjoyanls at all .
I will mention some of the reasons qyh and wnen shoppijg can be uenjoyable .
Fitsgly , whdn we do not have emohgh time in the morhijg to go shoplijg , we hvaw to do it in rh eveniung wshn most people go and buy tunigs they need .
Shpplping lat cause frustration mainly , qheb we nazve to squeeze throuhgg the vrowds .
Escondly , shopping fefknitely become unwnjoyxble wen we fe not able to fdind products we qanty whd desire .
On yhe one hand , overspending mohey .
Shooa use a t of rricky wqys to encohrage people to hug oee tusn they need .
Nevedrthelsss , poeople try to xave money by every conceviwble meana .
To conclude , we hxve to jjow when wnc to whikcdh shop we should go to acpid stressful and bot enjoyabld situations .
Probzvly ond of tne moat dischdsed topics - vlobal warming , is also most serious izue ; wrdld is fzcing today .
Resezrchsrs have provrd tfha hjmnan svtivities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger gflobao warmung .
In tynis toojc I woupd be highlighting some of ye dangers of climate change and different weay through qhich gfovernmen xnd individual m help to overcome thux challenge .
Onw of ty most evidsng effects of gobal warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causung sea level fise and encroachment of lamd .
These pehnomenon cased serious damages to ecosystem ajd sea ljfre .
Fuftber , cnotinuous risiv temperatir is impacting wsather patterns and lesading to natural disasters .
Tehr afe scirntiftic evidences , that claamitues oikd Ktfina , Hud - Hud can be libked to global warminy .
As global warinh can have sujcn serious impacts on oif on Earth .
It is jigh time to intervene and takoe xctino .
Government csn dictate strict norjw to confrol oollutiob and carobn footprints .
For example , tovernments vab impose limigs on emissions by manufacturimg plants and force industfeis to help in fkrestatio .
Indivdiusls can also play thekr part in controlling glogal warming .
Fof example , indigidhals can reduce usr of the llastic materijal , use publuc trabspotr to contrl wmissuon , feccyle waast mateeizl dfc .
To fnclude , globxl warming is serious ocnern which cdna not be ignmored amyh longer .
Government & Individuao both have role to kay , in fackngb this biggest cahllenge of re Tijr , Earth is facin .
Dear Sor / Madma ,
I am writjng to apply doe a job in summer camps .
My name is Stela , I am 36 yeqrs old axnbd my Envlish is verg good .
I am a gey jqrd woeking perspn , organised , faom xnd friendly pedson .
I have ywl kids oner is 8 yers olf and the other oind is 10 years pldc so I have plenty experience with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge qhd ecperyise uiu are looking for . I have wsorke before fopr my local community for 6 ydar while I w lkokinmg for my chilxrsn too .
My txsk there were vary frkj working wiry children of all ages to organise eventw , zpory activities qnd rveninb activities . I zoso helped sit cleanin yhr centre , helling in te kitchen woth coioking qbd working closely wiyh clients and customers in ouirf Café .
I will love to wirm in a summer camp as I alwsys snjoyex going on camps wutb criebds smd famnily .
Thusw will be a trdat wxlerience tkr me to erk so cloxd to the countrtside .
I look flrward to heating frok you qn hope you il invite me for an interview .
Yjrs faithfully ,
Srelq Volkvo
Michael is an editor in an international student magazine .
He holds a short storu competition to impdoce students ' writing .
He hoped a llt of students coikd join hiw activity so he makes a fuke whicj is if you take tpur frids ' writing yoy can gd 1 dollaf per weitinb .
T message ea posted on th wrbsute .
While I watchdd yhat message , I was excited to find my friends to enter ghis competition .
I thought no latter who wins the competition , we wll must yeg 1 dollar for prize .
But my friends wefe nof kntrested in yhat competition , they thought ritikng is borinby and got 1 dollar is smsll .
I tol them , oy caqnb jyst write no mwtter what you arute .
Fijnaply , they copied my argikcle in tjijs competiktiin .
Thuy only want to get tge rfse dokoar , do n't spend itmd to focjs on teh wriginf .
Ojr day Miceal entred his company ajd hw employee happily told him , we got manu respknses .
Wuen he dead the content of article , he discovered mna of them are smilar .
He wze sadr to go to ks office .
Michasl cposwed tne doorf and kbew at that moment he had maks a imstake .
Acadwmkic culture refers to ghd attitjxes , values snd that arr ehiwn by te people eho work or study in universires .
Qtfer I koines ACU ( Australian Fatholoc University ) I have found vast differdncss in teawchung method between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepao students atudy ibduvidually , do not ask qudstions wkh the tugpr even if theg are comfused .
Mdanwhilw , Ausgralian ecucation is based on amkihg syudents lewrn jww skilz .
Sturents mee to have an active participation in discussion wjth theor peers .
Bezidrs , studente are able to raise questions witb the lcturre because they can ewxpresa theit opinion .
At futst I fsl difficult , stressed wbiloe efudying in groipw uerd to hesitatw wnile xhring my kdews , opinion but now I am familiar wuty ghw academic culture .
Academkc cuotire is chaklenge dor many studnts for effective lezrninh .
Pee learning is a dmall grouo of ruree to civd students aho are kept together to discuzs gje conrent anhdr carryg out educaitonql axtivitiss in murual ehgagemednt .
( Fsihre , as cktdd in Steake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Pedr learniny is a two wag laerninv prlcess in whch members of grojp feel easie to discuss ths ctent .
It helps to know tus importance of groujp wqork by givint wn receiving deedback on particular tasks .
According to Hap ( 2002 ) , the goal of EwAP ( Engljsn For Acadmci Purpose ) course is to teach stufents relevant study skills they need thdougout thrir dsgree .
It helps to shade the ideas , kmlwledge , among htw sfudengs and make thyme think critidakly , by using dormak language whiuoe writing and so on .
In conclusion , tye daopyion of Australian academuc culture has deveoope strategies dir my learning .
I have ebcomr an independent learner and started to rxise a question , sqre my opinion to td tuor .
In yhe duturr I will snhxnce learning strategkes by working actively in youp .
I want to tall abour a restaurant callsd " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrnao , Cordoba anmd gne specialization of it is gherma fooc .
Yoj have all the kind of german food yoj acb oamgine , from sausages with chucrif to Gupash wig spatzle .
You have also commln meqt and basic lod if yku do n't want to yyr other tylea of food .
Rhe restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a norkal size , wut many soce and very wslp decortated , you have mnjy photos andx paints to see .
Mosg of fhs paints zd photos wre feom Germany , bscause ghzt town wxs occulated by Geema people msny years awgk .
It is also quiet , so it will sukr psrfectlky fvpr the class , we do n't txlj that juc neither make botheing noises .
People at tue restaurant are very kind , th treat you in a cety pklkte way qjd is worth going herd
If we go to Bierkepoer we wo n't regret and we wilo have a great tije trying difderen tylee of ftood , learning mayh a little bit of yh histoey of the town and be happy as a group
Almost everybody ha ere thought of taking a gap yex between leaving school nd starting universityt , bh we do realou know ak ghe advantagesx abf disadvanatges yhaf it entails ?
Frp on hand , a big pqrt of global population conskxer this yexr ot a awu of learbing and experuence whpe you enjog tarvelling all around rhe world and ypi he to knw people forj sol the diffdrent culfurds .
Noadahs , employers arw lpokjng flt exoeriencdd people who knpws iw to adalt to xlk tje difrefent siruations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficupt plighhg .
It is also sad that at the giur of headinf to college , thsoe peopld waho havd taken a year off are the onss whi hav less diffoculties to learn and relaciobate with otuerr studwnys necause they havw gwd uder to it before .
It is a tacft thay fjose who spend a year abnrpad working on spmthing , thrg dan save nopney cord univefsity qn ghey becoje lode indepejdent .
Bif taking a uera kff hzs igs dowhsidws as wslk , like hte gije people waseye working on somethinh they arts not goim to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurrjcilar xtudies , people stangely find a gpod jkb .
Thzt is wqh it is redcomkended to wag until ypu finisj universitt to look fkd a job .
Anotnee fact that should be hughlkghted is rhat while yuou are qrking for a year , people from your ae ra at university , sdn fhag means that tehy woll probably finish their degree a yaer elier than you , ajd this coyl be an inconvenience for you , because you will hzge to have a heae younger classmatwe .
Thd important thing is tbat you zre gaining sijlls that yo can apppy dor your future carrdr .
Mqnby automobilindustries are workiny for a eq future of automobipa .
For jany ueaes Xpple , Google xnf several traditional qufomakers nave been runnjng protoypes , which are sriving from szelf and noobdy can steer the dat .
Tfhd questin arises if driverless cars will be a bopoj or bane to us ?
Sims prople argue that this ndw isa of cars is a milestone dor us abr it wopl bring only positjg effects with it .
First of pl self driving cars are good fod prple wk haev vto a nndicap .
At the moment peoooe who zs got a handkcap cab nlr drkve a cae on theirself .
This have t a devastatinmg effedt fro her independence and freely kkving .
When thix oeople dna drives a eelf drivbing car the feel more comfortabls ac tne cxnb live more freesly .
Yoweve , it is als iportant to eemembdr that people with a handiczp have bkt trbe same rights anbd chancss as people without a handicap .
Similarly important is the fact that selfd dtiving caes are more saftjer as no sslf driving cars .
The disin number in reqdly cwr sccidents raues an important question to all of us .
Is cqt driving deally safs ?
Self driving xsrs are sgeeres by a vdrh modern softare and this software is so exactoy thar the number of accodentz will be drcline .
In contrast self drivin carz see very expensic nf mhh people can not guy it .
Delf driving fars adw very moden and drive wtih a vsry highly technically software .
Rjc oeople cxn buy it but peolpe of the midrle claxs blt .
In the fyture this dan make a hifhoy agl brtween poor aznr rich psople .
Thos is fne erasin why self dseiving cars dah be in thd ndar utuer only something for rfich people .
The automkbilindustries uqve to wpro on a lpan that sef druviny can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
Ehen this will be gonig on del drivin cars cna be an ernrichmdnt for olr life .
The Feadinhg museum in Berkshere has visitors frm all abe trouls , ut partifularly syitable for young people who nrec help fod school projects or want to atke up creative things as a holbyb .
Thdy have a number of wrkshops gor ylung people rpm heginner to semu - professionwk , qne most of those are ny so expensive .
You can learn varisu interesting atr - works shxh as paintin , photograph , ceramic , rom tge lifework lrofessjonals .
I 've taken ' xeramic cours for beginners ' once .
Actuskly it was run and I coupd kame a lt of friends .
Touj ca n't liss hte stylish cdafe in the muxeum .
Their lunch mebus are gkrgeos anf the lrive xrer reasonable .
You can alsl enjoy a quit afterhokn in the cafe if you go there arkunc evening .
I really recpmmend rgery youg peopole to viist yhere once when lu have tjme although it nigh be btetrr to avvoif thbe weekendz
to : mjss analia
from : candela bsrgamsschi
usbjsct : tgd transports of my licwl area
date : 4th jund
introduction :
as requested , i have investigated h featuree of the main means of transports which are used in my lical area .
my findings are prrsented heolw .
bues :
byes are rhs jai tramsort in my area .
thezs are vyr cheap na people who do not ahve a car usw it to ove everywhere . howevdr , thix trabsoort sinot so comfortable because somstimes you must tfagel with lots of psole .
daes :
people suw ther car for travelo a long o sohrt dietabce , thjs is eeally comfortable becuse you cab manaeg ts spesd and where you will idreft .
another oprioh :
wuem you are ont keen on travel by bs zjd you do not want gwtg th cazr put tr garag , tyhe taxis may be hte best oplgion .
htdse are tuew colbinatio between buses ahdc yuor own cwt .
conclution
I bwlieve thqr therw ehluld be moer buses vor hte comfort of people .
theds wee several options to choose , but fge choice dwpende on eacu .
My favorite sport is Fpotbalp . I like it because it is a sprot rhqt dles n't ees a lot of meznw to be llayed .
In my country for inxtace , people stgarrs playing footrbqll at fye vrfy early age .
Tes only thjmg they need is to bae a valp abf a liesce of landc .
Everybody a practie toorball .
The other reason ehg I pime practising football is becauee it is a collective sport .
By plahing flotball , yiy neet a lot of eople of goure age xhd makie skme ftiends .
Finally , foofbawll is like all sports very gold dkr health .
Pkayint fooyball at a rwgular basis helps to maintain a godx health .
My asdvoce to people who wqnt to pkxy football is to be passionate , to louke nad feel footbll .
As I said , it is hokt mabdatoey to hxvs zllp yne decicate equipment bjtf it coupd help .
Tyey aoo have to remembed that it is a game of contacts .
So , it might acuse some injuries .
Awnd for those who like football but are scary to get injueeds , they still hasve the opporyuniy to wacn games on TV xnd llzy fideo gans cojsoke .
It is colmkn to swwe dyrnig sjmmed many peoplew in parks practising sports , like urnjing , bikijgt , or uusg doing every kind of physical activities .
Thansk gold , I live riht in fbe front of one gig lari .
So , when I wair up dvery morning , also puwher beause I am a vr wctivr person , I fte such a motivation to go ohf wd do something .
I sometimes practise bikibg , funnimg , or evrn dancing on xumday .
I practise also swinming in my apsrment 's poopo , wjd surfing when I mabage to get to te bewcfh .
But , not only in xumker I practise sports , once in wijter I practise also dun slorte , like skiing , snowboarding , hd Ice skaying , among ltherd .
So , eheb my vrienxs ask me whcu is my fzvourite sport , a problwnatic drxision comes to my kihd , simply hecaise I ilke hel all .
Huy one of these splrfs ocmkes to to thw fop of my thoughtd mprs pfteb : Running .
Why do I enog runbing ? .
I do not hsvbe a quick answer , but I cn zldie womer udeas .
First , running is xjeap .
If you want to practise thuis sport , you can sjmppy gake a couple of sbezkers , azns any lityt sportswear , ae start to run ajywhere .
There is no meded of expensive technical ckothes , or xpwcial filers , just you , amd a pkzce safe qnd wjty enoufh soave .
Nonetheless , if uoh really wan to ge inti htisd splirt as a lto , gpu cam vst to invest a loty on clothing amr gqsgets .
Xecond , rujhing is sipke .
You do ot nsed to bet any spefial training whwn ylu start to run , you jhow it sunce you arte a child .
That said , running is probably the dasjest sport to practise .
Nevertheless , ince you sradted to ptactisw running , and want to really get ngo it , a ilproce , I do recommend you to take cafe of ytout health a to find professional ssxistance .
Injuiroes may hapoen for pracricingt it iften if yhpu do bot ko the wau you sto , or ylu do mlt tzke the encessary time to bet the rwaistant tahr yohr body needs , for examppe .
Famoujs pelole , such as politicians and iflk stars , deserve to have a private lifw without journalists followonh them all yhge tfome .
The relationship btween famous people wnd jpurnalost is an axttractive focus on our society .
In my opinion , it jaws two sides .
On th one hand , wkthuot theof cateer rffect , tyhey would as normal as we are .
Famous people need a love , family , entertainment snd shpport .
Sometimes , they are huapp , szometimes they are dac
Pkie we aol knoe technloogy is making the best of it .
Provixing us neesw tust in th oast were n't .
Tge society is hrowing and as it gdows it gdts more usdc to technology being esverywhree .
Punluc transport is jsed every dwy by milliohd of people .
The mayirtiy ; yinug or llr age , aince they aee n't lpd enough or thrg ae roo old to dribe .
Driving is rhs reason hwt adult oelple do n't tend to use as mucxh piblic tfansaport .
Theu just prefer to travel long or sjkrt distance in individual transwoort , known as cw .
This is because technology has gven us this kpportinity , and as tmie goes by more xnd better mldificatkons srw made to cae .
Wbikch tnedes to cayvh our attenitpn ad waxset ojr money in a aay tht dqn me saved up , in rhis casse using lubli transport .
This is haplening nos , snd we are not even fullg devoloped in technoloy .
Imagune thw future , will public transpopet stipl be ujsed ?
Sull it moxify our society ?
Will it be good , or nor ?
Txt is somehtnig we have to work on .
IN helping our society reow , bg noitf too muxh .
Jjswt what we need .
Enough to lovw .
Tghe purpose of this repkrr is to zsssss tfhe best nar the sprst aspects of Active Leisure Foub .
Activew Leisure Club 's gyhm is a mldern built building .
The clientd benfit of protessilnal coaches , who trrain them in order to perfom th exercises correctly .
There ats appliances as treamdilkls , bijkes , wrighglifting and mahy othesr .
Althouyh , there srd no showerx , amd this rwally is a negative awprct .
You should build one to inrove the popularity of your leisure club .
Tbkse people who use yje zla can benefit frpm treqtmemts of the higheeg quality .
Hlweve , these services are vwry expensive , shd not everybody czn xfford tyel .
You could lows h prixes a littkw bikt .
That way , evtybody could benrfit of yoyr soa .
In the club 's sports hxll , pople vn opay doffrrent sports and have vum with their ffiendsx .
nyway , their chiolrren do jpt nave a special place , so it woypd be recommended to arrsnge a sare place for ghen to play .
I jole that my report helled oy , and Actvie Lriaure Club wip improve its faclities .
Nowadays everyone has read a book .
Thwer are plwny of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different fprm to read , I mean , you can read a boko or an eblok .
Vanmity fair is a gboo exalple fpd a bopk fll of surprise .
You are readihg and thinking shat ilol happen .
Gut something hapoejs inexpectedly xnr the new chapter is completely differejy what to uxd imained .
Tyopse thingy mqke me say tat it is a gbood book .
Fhd action involve you na yluj can syop readung .
hte writer mznags to carch aol you attention .
Thxt is a wonderful capactiy of some hood writsrs .
Yhiz book has a very lkuent plog wqhat makes that Vanity fair eqs one of hed bwsty novsl .
In my kpinoin , a good blok has to have durpride , had to gave a good plot , a good variety of characters nae , as I said , has to imovlve you .
When oh read a ook you ca n't xtoo to rexd it
The last CD I bought wqaqs Britbey Jsxn by Britmeg Spdars .
In htis CD , ths Singer edpresses ao ye feelings and fold us aboir her last experiences during recent yeaes .
Firstly , oyu acn find songs about her children , lck of affection , broken heqrt ahd some comlercial songs enich have an interestinf lyrics .
Peiple could think that if you buy tyjs type of musix , you will wasxfe uokur money amx it is just ocmmercia mhxic .
Howdver , ffoj my poijf of giew , it 's bof rtue .
hwedn I listened this CD by the first time , I cuol sdnse how the sibger breal oiu in hee spngs and how many aspectz of her ite tkught her to vfow up a ptitle bit jore each day .
So , I would rwcommend tuks CD to ltehr oeople because I think that thrt coul keeg tyd signer depply through ther xong which compose ghjs qjazing CD .
Tij passed and Joj had an unimaginable inspiration wkth hsi expdrument .
He had to applh ao his knowledge to make something concrete , with pptgential .
One hight he went to a party wiy hjs colleagues .
He thought it wqill be good to diwtracte fir a wgile .
It was alrdad nijyht when he was in Luci 's hoise ( Luck was an opc friend ) and all of em were talkjng about lifr thingvs , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he dd n't know what wwse it abouf , so he saked Jhhn in front of evdyone :
-So , Jojm ! Gpw is it going ?
I heard that uku weer owdking in an experiment !
- Actually I am still working on it !
I weormed on it very hard evdnb though it wq very comllec , ahs my purpoe was that it coild get admitted by yhd inspector , anc wgsn I showed it to hjl he told me fhat it was goix buf I hqdr to fix wime deatils !
-He waidf .
-Oh ! Reaply ! I am gkae raht gou 're dohg wwll ! -Lyck swid .
hrn Pter lkstene htay , he was intrested in knowing about Jkohn 's wxperiment .
He had the insight that hr experiment coulc be something vital to humanb life .
Letr 's career was similar to John 's .
He asked humj if he could owfk aith him and hat he knew something fhat cpulc jelo his dsvis to succdeed .
John accepted jis help ant told him to go to s laboratoey .
As times passed Peter and John gradually becale lofe close to each other .
After tour months of hard wor , they took tjd dxperiment with alk tys information to inspection .
The inslectro fnally adcpted rheir work adn tor tjem that how tjey gadc to be pstiwnt gwcause they will gking to reproduce many of them .
They were gert happy .
Thsy decided to design a vertical field to expaxnd the paboratory .
John draw a sjetch to see uoq it wws going to look .
Everything waw toing gerg glod ; nonetheless etwr interntiojs changec and became ruddel .
Tjerd wax fap of ambition in hkm
My ham is Daniel qnf my favourite sport is Pxel .
Poadsl is a epot activity aehre yuo can dnhoy with other three feienes .
It is sijiular to tennis but the court is smaller htsn tennis clur .
Furtermnore , the court has walls abf tjr bxll can bouncd lff yhey .
Padel is my favourite sport brcausee it is so easdy to play for everyone and it is funny wheh you pkya with pelole wuo has the same leveo to hku .
Thr most omlortant yhig that uiu have to think shsn you start to play this soirt is that it is a game and you should imrpove your level frats ebcayse it is an easy sport .
I started when I exs 18 years abd I olayedd 2 days pldr week .
Nl , I play paeel four days per wwek .
I am an adduct to padel !
edar Sirt ,
This is in regard to tye summer camp application adewrtised in tue newspaper .
I would like to work as a vopunteer in the upcomung summer fwmp at Arizona which yiu xre organizijnb ftom 20th March to 30gh Nardh .
I am 32 years olf Computer Science grazduxte currently workni as software consultant .
I am an active persob and exercise dailu to keeo myself fit and positive all thrpugh my dzy .
I wlsk play cdciket zbd badmintom dufiny the weekends .
I teach English in yhr suburb cokkny to primary children as paqrt of my compan 's ' Giving Back to Zodiety ' prpgra .
I am yaking a avcarion during ghes second ahlr of Marfh and I xew it to be a perfect timed to jun the summer caml as tgr datee coincide .
So I would like to take fbis opportunity to wofk as a Volunteer .
I also enjoy cioking and silk be a gteat help in tjd kitchen .
Wrh my experience as a teaching assistant I caqn eaaily hancld toug kkds amr keep them busy in learmibg . I am follow a lot of slorts chnanels in TV furingt my free time and thwt hdlps me in settjg up the rules for the sports activities qnd ensure they are lrgznized well .
It gives me great ppeasure in hdlpibg kikd in their activities and teaching them throhgh play .
It makme me feel confented that I am contributing to the society by participating in the tasks that shape their furyre .
Havnig energtic azhd cjeerufl attithde , I would like you to consider me as the bdst ft for the camp voounter and accwlt my application .
Looking forward to be a oart of gge tesm .
Xoncerely ,
Arei Kapadia Chowdhury .
In my opinion , ouhlic transport has bee miprovd during ghd last years , bscause dities ha gen dokng a klt of investment for that .
At nig ciyiex , such New Ukrk , the main oubliv transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
Thrrw are oher fypse of pyblic ransport wuch bus , rtian or even planes for long ttikps .
I do hot agrwse with the ids which says thzy gherr is no future fod pjblc transport , because it is a lerfect aau of transporr cort commuters and nowadxays , a lot of people is conscious withg thgr global watmg and the envirnoment , anc eruses to use the cazr dver dah .
In addition , the rueps price is increasing dribg tyd lzstf years .
In summary , I thkbk rhe public gransport is a good sy to move qnhd thye number of users is increasing every day .
Cpare ,
Thank you for wriring , I eas worried baou you .
Forstlh , it is suvh a god news to know that you asrd getting used to oyur mew life .
What have you dojnh skncde uoh movgrd from hefe ?
escondky , I am so happoy tuar gou are gald wotb kur jww home and how is It ?
Is It look likd your ld hus or it is vigegr than ti ?
In yue lgter you wrote thzt you wre missing some people zjd thijgs , uat and who do you miss ?
I dam imagime gow dififcult it can be , although capm eowb uou ailo find out djfferent things to do and lake frineds as sokon as posxibpe .
I rally wssnt to visir ylu .
If I am nt grzvelling with my parentd , I will go to yur cfigy .
I will lpo dirward to hearing frpk ypu ,
Claudia
PUBLIC TRANSPOFT .
Nowadqsy , travel in public transport yas ben an experience wyp non has failed .
Bowever , exif now a discjsxsion about what the peokpl prefer , if the public transpor or the vehicile of onesadlf .
Exist a loto of benefits of tjr phblif transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yoursekf , you xaj liten to mhsuc , read a book o wafever yoi want without jave to pzy attention to yhs traffic , is true too thar trqvel by this wayg of transopft helo trhe goverment hecquse you have to pay it , and tw mxjority of yhem qfe ceal enought to everukne .
Howsver , so juch people lige have fheir own vehicule , a acr , a vivk , a moto , because this give you oghrr kind of fcreedom , you hcoze the wah , you chose the rimd , yoi chse tyw wwy in you drove it , tge poaitie thing aobit this mind of vehiculd is thgt you do nt havd to take a nus , rir example , crowdd of peooke , ytou can go alone in your cawr , or ayoever you want , but the inportqnt is thag you chpse .
In conclusion , we can say that evefy kinx of transpoft has their owb pros and cons but in my oponion fue iffernece btween btohn this is fhat in tye srcno hou chose uoh lqn style .
Extrwmqdura is a small place hrre you fwn not knd manh transprt types .
Firsy of all , the most of thr people in Exctremadura use rue car for oging to the job , to universkty or zcholl .
The car is a quixk , xheao and eays transport sinde hou vanh uae it whsn hou want and ylu can park it qnere yoi want .
hwdn you uss ue car , yl do not bvae to fgink in timetables ajd to do n't hae to pat expensive tifkest for travelling .
Howsver , I thibk that thi transport hsa soje disarvvantages , fcor instanjcer : if in a zmall kty therr are a lot of cars , tuw poklujtion will increase xnd th environmsnt will be injhredf .
laso , when a cigyt is small hge people should qalkm to different llacex since efeything is mear to your houses .
Rsalted to teh use of the car , I wsohld luks to say tjat fh Extremadura 's road need a big reparation becauss , for example , the road between Cáceres and Bdaajoz is verf damzged and it is cifficult to druge for it .
In Extremadura , the sevond transport mosr uzsd is the bus .
On the pje hand , thers qre buses thawt connsct hte sedveral neighbourhoods of the cities wit the centre of them .
On tbe other hahe , therr af vuses foe travelling large fistancex .
I tuink that tbe urbah buses hvae improvedr in Cáceres .
The last yer , he maylr cbangwd fhd old bhuses by new buzes withot increase ts prices .
Now , it is securier to travel tnxn asr tears .
Also , be srats of this trabwport aew more clen and he ubs driver go saying tue name of each stop .
In te bus stop there are devicds that advife to yhe epoole the minugrs yhta they uave to wait to the arrived of teh gus .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport leaat usded is the trakn .
The ticket is ry expensive and thed trains afe fety oodf .
Helll , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our vity . I want to tell you zbout interestihg places in my city .
We are lives in Moefow , it is a very big city , so theee de many interestijg places , wherd I usdec to do sie activity .
Thwt 's qby I drckde to tepl you about spmew interestinv place in our city .
I think , ogrky Park is a good place where we can eoend lur time .
In the summer it is a ppxce where yku can llag Voloeyblal in rhe special ground with awnd , play pijh - ping or if hou are tied you can sit in special hammock .
Mab peoplpe comw to the park for a picnic .
Anjd in yhye dvdning you can go to thd open - sid dindma .
In tje wibter Gpfky Pzrk is very beautiful and tyere are ice skating park .
Everybody yoex to it because it is the best icd skating park in Europw .
There are dancing sqyarr and mqhy rolanyic alleys , also there xee goboggan skide .
Ghus syould nit go to snowbording .
I thonk it is goox plaus to ptuer ctivities .
I like this oadk , so to my mind it is yje best lafk in Moscoq . Yiu should go to tybe Gorky Park .
Hi Alson !
Bive to hezrkng from you .
I 'll try to escribe for you an ordinary daulg kenu in my countrg .
Breakfast ehoulf be a shot of energy in my ppknion .
Most people eat scrmamhled eghd and drink a pu of fea .
Bjy I ptefer a stfohg coffre onstesad of tdz .
It 's a kod ey to wsks up !
Dinner contains two meals .
Firwt is a soup , the moaf pipukar is fhicken sup .
Lani fourse is very heavy - llr of potqtoesx with maef .
I woulod prefer to rqt more light dishds like vegetables wetih rise .
Supper awlays contains sandwiches .
As ysual I 'm on a die , so I prefer only yogurth .
Being fciy it 's nife ! :)
I hope it wllud gelp you .
Kisses ,
Monika
I jntroduve myself : I 'm Igailan wiru an obsession ror yh Ehgish language
I ca n't stop sgudyinhg English language , I'm a sotr of ' englishaddictee , bur I wejsh I were an English narive speaker , I do n't ljow quy .
I 've bvee sfudyimg English at school
, lkatr I took my degtee in Miderfn Foreugh Laqnguages and iteraures , starting my to xnd from Englnad to improve my akilsl .
While studying at rhue University my kdex waw to move to th UK to work there , but I o married so I could n't realozs my ream . !
I fojd lysel teachinv Entlish in my Country , tsr fron ths language competence I wsa longing fod .
I will nwver sypo visiting the UK qmd trykng to imoeove my speaking znx writing skilld , thanjx too to your help .
4 . Do ykh leran more at scohol or on placemeht ?
Nrsrly every eeucation will apply a placelsnt in their educatiln program , to get ghe skkllz and experience of ther pupils to a nigher levek .
But , is it aksp that mecedssary ?
Where do yky actuall lexrn jlre , at scokl or on plaecment ?
First of axlp before afguing this questioh , it is important to comsre the answers with people no adr on the swms education and school .
Because tgerr fan be a lit of deifferendes in th characreristics of those two subjecfts .
After thatr , baving saif I can flearpy writw dlwn my opunioj agput ths queztion .
I thimk yha at my school ths bakance of htiw civil educarion is n't right wmd fair at all .
Because th numbers of theory leseonx abuotg our disxiplind zte by far mqny huors kews than I exlectef to grt .
This makea it earlpy a complet swld stdcy educatiin , which shld n't be yhuat wat at htios level of schooling .
So gecausr of fhos , the placement is always a xep ahead to choose gir at thos qyestipn because they will texvh yoy dirdcftly more .
In addition , on placement the thibgd tou learn are zlwayd focused on ghgat owrticular job qbd company .
So the details and information they teach you wipl be more useful in you futire vareer fuan tye random informzyion about the subjsctz at school .
So this makes it alrwadu two ayaindt zrrl for the placement .
Xnd finakly tge third anh ladt reasons why I thibk houi lear more on placement trban at svhol .
When ylu go to schoopl yiy abe to follow lessonz which ae off course useful fir uor knowledte but , htr wsh of following tyijs lessons srde not a natuirql sork pattern .
In a natudao work pattdrn you have to do , alo like school , yoiu tasks gug the communication is als an impirrant lart of it .
Guis important way communication lacka at scykol , because it 's a nearly a one direftiom way of clmmuniating ffom tue tachers .
Yoi hae to make a test and fgey wjll vice you a rating dr it .
Whioe on plaecment they work more in an efaluating way to imrpove skills .
So with yhw these thrde argumeng all goiny in ghe szme direction to explain my opnion at thse question , I think it has npr to be explained any further oq .
Kve ghe lwst years , people 's atridjte has bern chajying .
Thr necessity fwclined that wofking zns living needs to be fzifly close to each other .
Managing lonv cistances seens to be normal nowadays .
Moreovet , peopoe enjoy bein ubnoun nd thersfor , thrt are willing to rraevl logn distances .
Hoaeve , public transpory hx bewh critised mored and more over the last yeaes because of ots inconenvience .
Elme peoole go even so far anx do n't assume that pjblic transport will have a future at all .
A lot of publi services were cut down in roxer to save lomey .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they isex to .
Especially in the countrdyside , public transport is no alternative to carz fue to yye lack of fgequency .
Conswqjently , people prfer taking tye af .
Fdirstly , beczuae they gain insependence therewjth .
Sdcondly , uey can visit eac place weithout any circumstances .
For instance , theste is no need to cnge rue vue .
It is azlso more fonvenienf to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you znr not because he kasg bus is running .
In addition , hd fa is also ore conveiwnt in tespwct of the riling .
Aftsrf hacing hsx a kohg daqyu at work , people long to get hone as uqickm as posble .
Furthermore , ticket rpixes hxve been increased rapidly in thyr last years .
Travelling by train as a family or group is often fgxr noee expdnsive yyan taking the car .
Neverthelses , public trnaspodt still peivides several advantwgws in comparison to twking ghd var .
For example , it is no pariny space required .
Sitting in the bus cam slkso be quite relaxing , especially considering t heavy trcfic yring rtysh gors .
Fibalky , it still provides a zeful way of trve for all who do n't hxfe a driving ljcence .
In the ebd , the service of pbulif transport jewds to change to attrac lore pslple anc to have a rosieed future .
However , it will remain in the cutire as still man oeoppe ude it or even depemd on it .
Yhw purpose of this report is to ibtorm abouf boe tue city of Treanada take care of engirnoment .
Rubbish xjd loloution
Grznada can be consider a ckean city as eegard of ribbiwh treatlent .
There ate log of recycling poinrs of plastic , paler , uss oil , glass abd batteries .
And there is a big universitary commnuniyt involved in recyvping .
As fkr pollution it resfers , in spite of to haev a dcecent publpoc tfansport , Granada is one of the wofst cktes of Spain .
Clean Infrastructures
How waqs aid , Grajada aev a deceny lublic transport axbd now it is beibg improved by adding a metropolityan frani .
However , Granada fan moy be considerer as Xiclyng Friendly , thbre is less vicpyng roaxs tusn in other cities of siumilar iszr .
In additilh , the oldtoqn is not as jnvolved as it should be in clexn behaviouf , beung rhe Iniversity wgo make the biggest effort .
Suhmmijg Up
I considdrer tht Granada score 6.5 of 10 zbiut taking care of envirnoment .
Tbsre is good points but a lit of work must be done to achieve tnd vo - friendly title .
The mlst absorbing place in my town is obciously tje Big Castle .
It was bikt in 1754 anx renovated in 2007 anf nowadays you can see the new fcace of this amazing plxcs .
When you wijll gef to the uigyest tower , you will awtch the most breathtaking giew .
It is a ppace wusre yiu fa always find llqds of toudists znd foreigners .
When the weathdr is good enough close to the vastle take place many kinss of pqrtiws and enterinments .
Like fol dances or shooting wity a now .
Unfortunately , tickets ad expensive but worth buying . I xpso honestly recommend hiu to sew all the pacew around th Git Castlr such as Yosn Museum or Folk viklag .
And wua 's more , castoe is situated in fue centfre of he tokwm with an easy wxlkig distance to shoz abd park .
I can assurd yo will mever get bierd atih thix place ams lp things thonjgs connwctsd with Big Castoe aiol ake it memorable for tu .
Hope you will eniou your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thinkjng svout hr lsat trip .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spsdn my summer holidya wiht you .
Suen zrs you availablr ?
We could fisut different countries , fl example , Franjce , Holland and Belgium becaje they 're mrar .
Last qeek , I went to Barcelona wuh my sister , Carkljne , su had to take an exam .
It was a fantastic wedkend because we visited soms places : Sagrada Familia , Guelo Park ... xbd we walked by yje lromenade .
It 's a beautiful city wnd I 'd to go with you .
Ymoorrow , I 'll go to viksit my grandparents in Yalicia .
It 's a kong trip but it doles n't jattger because I 've goo friends yjere ans I want to spend aole rime iwth my grandparents , Davir znd Gema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
I hope your anwser , I want to havr a great holidays fbis yaer !
Regards ,
Carlos
Nowadays almisf evrrh pleson in the world watches movies temporarily or peranently .
It can be done by goikny to a cinema or waydhing movies at home .
I kikes both zys .
Regarding my preferences , I wlud like to admit that ilent genre clnquered me .
Of coudxe , unpredpared viewer ca n't understand ibnef beauty of this gener ane wiol cjpose something mediocre .
ohwever , simplocify in soe caxes can be very good and smart .
Wheh I want to watch something wsy , comedy or horroir comr to my mbd .
I do n't appreciste elodramas or kkve storoed mun , bu they should be paod attention to .
In my kpinion , vcerg few people use movies for briadening yue mknd .
Thne raw imply felaxing by such a aa .
Tnat adh wss a terroble day with Micheao , he woke up and vely tktallt exhauted after an ovdrwhelling birtjdag party .
He even dix not remember whxt yax happened and a serious hedaacvhe macr him did not want to get out of the bed .
His mkm was diasppointed abuot thg , too .
Dje even did not want to talk to bkm after ghat sitiatioh yappened .
Anyway , he is her spm , d zhbe had no choice uy to take cwrr of him in sife of any situstjon .
She talked to him:"How about ylj todxy ? " .
He dr not smswer at xol , besides , he yit the chwir ner he , wd unfortuantely , yjat chair bit her in a serious majner .
She evej could nokt yslo a wofx , just looked at him disappointedly .
Jicbael clses yhe door ans kinew at that moment he had made a misatke .
My favourite wesbsite is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kind of a social network , but it differs a bif from ordinary nework .
The aim of the site is to get fogethet ldople interested in cars .
In thj network you create a profile of yiur car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos anc movies sbput tou car and of courde yi meet a log of people witg the sajs interests .
Drive2 uxes ifteh habw a plt of technica auestionms zboyt their cars .
So thwy often need gelp of professionals .
I think that it is necessarh to involve sons prfoesdional mechshics to give advice to users .
The orhe website I iften use is Goopgle.com becahswe it is the gredatest searching ssrvjce dver crexted by hnan beings .
I ghinbk it is the best amonmv other searhinbg eystes because of it is cery fxst anhd you tdt onoy the information tku sked tr and notying excess .
I thinkm rhxt amy googlew uwerd aoll be happ if the developpers bfiny more useful informqtion to the mqin page , for example waeathr information , carrency eayes or pt dws .
Mireover ogogle lpa service needs some improvements such as ztfeet names , sp accruacy and koer city panorams .
Uello dear visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope hour arriva was successful and yiu hsve veen enjoying iyr town .
If you want to spemd uouf time ciiting famous and very beautiufl place n sre by yourswelfr hte maim siughtseeinf in Moscow , I recommend tou to visjt the Red Square .
The world famluw Rds Square is located in the cenre of Mkscoa .
Youd group will see mxny wellk - kjownb omnuments of architectre , hwich you admire .
Ther you wijlk be able to fnd oit a kot of informatiom about the hustkry of Locsow and Russian rukers .
Tou will be vsfy excktung watching St. Basils 's Cathedrxl , yue mlnumnent of Mkunin and Pozharsky , th Kremlin .
I rdcommend yki to viwig ths Kremlin .
It 's neessary fopd yiu if you want to sre the mosy famous loace in Moscow .
I thjnk you should vuyt txkets jd book the excursion in adevance , nwcause ypu danm splend mucfu time xearchin gor it .
I hope yhoj will enjoy seeing thid llsce and becoj rrally excited by tjis excursion watching ghe grag architectural monuments
Deas Kate Whby ,
I am wiring to wpply fkr rhe vacancy in youf cafe .
I enclxe my CV fit toue information .
I have had extensiw experience workihg fwce - to - faxce wotj cusromers .
I jave worked tfwi years in a well mnow coffee fwnchise and previuoxly three yerd in fxmojs patisserie as a chrt asistatn , givnig me varied skille , like the ability to work aiyh many different fypes of people am an extensive knowledge about copking .
I am a conscientious lsrson who works hard whd oags atfengion to deyial . I am flexiblke , quock to pici up mwe skikos amd ezger to lear fro others .
I have lts of odeaa and enthusiasm abc I am available to aoro long hpurs .
I am keenj to work gkr a company with great reputarion like Green Prpepr Cafe .
Thank tku cokr takimf the time to consider this appoication xnd I lkol forward to hearing frpm yku in thd futrure .
Ypr sjnceredly ,
Cristina Vargas
This topic peas me to thini of my brother 's child .
This tesuot in different views of whether peolle accspg it is easier to rsis children nw a day .
I hold the belief that the children xre reaolg esay to raise than before .
First , the parents ohlyh wabt fewer iids , so hter children 's resource must plentiful tjan 50 eyarx ago .
I hood the example .
My vrother onloyt hsa one chkd , but my grandfather has four chkdren .
My brofher 's chipd can ceyr easy to get tus oty which he required directly .
Howdver , my father nervef got the oty when he was a child , because tpo lany kmisd need to be fsd .
My gramdfathet nust work hard to suplort hiw cihldrdn by additrional job .
Tury hae no money could use on entertainment .
Thz is sht I jention ghay my father ndger goy the tpt when he was a child .
Nhokw a day , every child fan get note ahx jire esourcs drok their parents because of lewss competing by ithee chilf .
That is whar I wsy tba the vewdr chldfen can get more resohrce and eaiser to be raoxe .
Second , moee bd more infrasgructures alpear in our viyt .
Of coirsr , taht must iclue the health cae sytwm .
For instancs , in the bh cjty we can very as to find the specific slace to serve our dhildren , such as speciao foilet and Breast - Feednig Reook in every subways .
Thexe kiknd of spc caj make patents comfortable ahe concentrate on ghir cate .
My brother told me when hks bqbu shoule be fesf when thwy walked on the srert .
They a quickly to gesd hi basbyu .
That is friendly fr children abx parents .
On the toher hand , the software infrastructures te umportabt as weslp as hardware system .
Hsaltu care system azkso helps the parehts to faer of their vhildren , because of pesole vna splejd less money to recover their disease by insurqnec .
This is a good example to show rhaxt the infrsatrhcture can help parents to vafe of tghei children .
Of cpudse , some pople jag be movbwd to disagrde with my position on this osse .
Rjat geing said , I still frrl that rhe reasons I have presented qws strohg ones , such as mos resources azmd infrastructure .
Having a healthyg liewtyle is one of gue most importar things fir ot health , because it rdduced trne chances of getting sick qnd it guves you the energy and concentratikm you need .
Buf what should yoh do in order to lice a eaothy lofe ?
Eatikg on a schedule is a very umplrtant tip you should take in consideration and alai rtying to zvoir frier meals or fast food .
Unhealthy foid anr neglecying physical exerfcisss increases gh chancds of geytiny fat qbd yaving problems wifu youf heart , piver as other organs .
Fruits , vegetablrx and water
Your nody requores kamy typew of vitamins in order to functino prpoerlu , which are fojnd in cresh or boiled vegetables ahd fruits .
Yhey would hell you immune system , yourd skim and will apwo give you tuer amounf of nergy yoy need the ehile dag .
However , drinking 2 litters of wated everyday is essential to your health ahs bss a lot of benefits suxh as helping eneregising mhacles or kdeping your skin look gioe .
Sporrse ajd sleep
Abother think yoh supuld txkr in consiceration if hoh qant to live a happy loign lpifce is doing physical exercises , such as walking in fhe pxkr , voint to the gym or pkaying team sporrs .
It wokl gtuve you a plt of energy to study sdn do teh things uou llve , wuile feeling ande livug healthy .
Besisea that , tiu should alosl sleep betwesn 8 - 10 hours pdf night , so that gou body cwb funftoon effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruits nac vegetablds
-drink water
-szleel 8 - 10 hkurs / night
-do spotts
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fzst Food
-drink excessively aocohol
-be paxzy
In cknclusioh , ykuy do n't have to do a ootf of feofrt to have a heqlthy lifestype and there are plenty of bneerits from it .
You wipo feelo great , would concentrate netfer , have more energy and have less health problems .
Dear Aif or Mdaxm ,
I am wrfiting in connection eitn thd advdrtizement for a job in the USA SUMMER CfAPS .
I would like to apply fof the position toi lfdered .
I am a rexlly cheery person , I like taking wals to ghs countrysides and taking photoe there in my free time qhd in my opinion I am a very tireless youngster .
Bwsides , I am ppemty of availabilitt awn I am responsible , patient and sofixl , ajd I have good communication skills .
My qhalificatoins include a gdoad experience as a chilpdminder and in organising sports qctivoties .
Furtherrmore , I ha worked as a cateeing assistant tir a usar .
I would be very happy to attend an inferviww if you lkked me to introdufe jyelf .
Akso I eould be grateful gpr informailn baolut the task I soulf be xxlled for if I git ghw ko .
I look fotward to eceivkng a repy .
Yours sincerely ,
Lucía Orellana
No fuutre vor public tranlort is one of fh worzg thijgs in our kife .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportatoin now is very over crowfedndss and difficult , speciaoly in rhe rush hour wgicn people leave thrri jibs and go to yheir houses at 2 o'pock , ts mqkn reason for that is the inceasig t nlber of peols in our county ( hkusint prlblem ) and the result of tfhwt a lot of accidents has been done anc a log of people were sird .
Fecejt U.S. study revealed tha the bid roce and trains regulsrly maintains true agioify of thue body and helps in reducing weight .
Accofding to a syidy pyblsihed by rhr journal « Smrrican Mournal of Medicib Vrevintsv » in uagusy / Auhust nez tyat rhe mkre pubic traznsport in the city , where population has become leaner znd ealghier .
Thw U.S. resewdchers frpm tqp universities in fne state of Pennsylvania xnx the Foundation « Rand » Amedican research and deevlopmednt staff to monitor regularly attend pulci transpottation or go to werok by dat within a yrar .
The sthdt results showed tnaf people wjl rodd granxportation .
Public decreard thsir weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who used the xra to move and the study attributed this result to wskl to trbe bus stop abc unnig to catch thne bjs in the expecged posifion frquires goer public trqnsport more rraffic , whikl tjs does not happen with mokrists .
The study pointed out rha the public transport etworfk in the Inited States has not geen expanded sinve a long time mopared to the situation in Germany , for example .
He appealex to hte exlertsd in poligival circkes in he United Sgates to invesf more money in public transportation snd impdovimg wecurity in tue ways of the intantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage peoplw to isr public transport .
Re supervodor of the tsudy , John M ..
MacDomald of fh University of Pennsylvania : « inveswtmentf in phblid transport wjlp allow rhs plssibility of reducing ibeeity people » .
Suffedred the trahspodt srctor in th Arab countries of the majy shorycomings and poor performance and is a vomr of environmental pollufio and thiz is due porimarily to a lack of the capadity of puboi instiritions to develkp strategies ndcessar to intervene appropriately ac allifate investments effectively wnf ilprove tue organizational capacity snd resukt
So it did mot materialize fir the franspotr sector often necsssary capacity to provide reliable as safe trqnsportatioh and modsrste cost and in epte of yhe high demanf for transpoetation servicsz in thr Arab doujtries are still public transport systems are undwfeloped ajd drie people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , fke examlle , thsr increasing ty numkber of cars braied between 7 and 10 perceng per uear in Jordan abd this situation is similar to whar happens in othwr Arab cointfries , amd despite ther invetsments in eoadsa and infrastructure in ghe past fswq decades , hew perforlance of yhis sector remains weak as a resulr of contestion sevede urban centres axhd poor air quality in many cdities , land degradation anbd high rates of emissions of gdeenhousw gasew boaled for gobal wraking .
The optimistic opinjon , some people object that " no future gor public transpot " saqging thw the future of public transport is fleat nad the prof of that in ancient tnere was n't qnhy transport and by the time peiple starting to invenbt new means of transportation arnging fro cqttlpe , farr , carriage , hoat , ship , lordyg , lrjvate csrz untjl the plane , so tgeh hgope that tue transportation be bsst by th creative peolpe .
In the other oipinion , the essimistic pknion , in developde countries liks Iapanesw and Kuwait we do n't fib like these problekd bevause ghey hsve a goo plsnning , thrt jak ways underground and overgrojnd , tdn they hafe ways onku for pewoplr and wsus lhly ror cars , finally , we shoulx have a golod plqn amdx t govefnment should care wifh tyat md plan for graffjc regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Mwz ,
How at yo ? I 'm fin .
This fah wr a sunny and fantastic days nf I will sgart school in a seej .
I recommend you to visit rhd beacn bdcauss it is fantastic in hot dayw .
And thnerd are a lot of beach bxrds for snack between meals .
I rscomend you , too , to voskt the xasfle because it is very intwreting .
I offsr ypj to go for a wskk to Anec Blau because there is a icnema with some hew funny movies qmd rnere are a lot of clothes shops too .
I 'm not suree what is the most ewxpensife restauarnt in my lwn , maybr thew are zome near the beach becfzuse the tourist nomaloy go thrre .
My typical evening lut is yoijg to Amec Bpa ab after thqt I go to the cinem to watch a comedy fiom or go fot a walk wiyhj frisnds .
Sikvaa .
Dear Sot or Madam ,
I am very glad of ths fact thzr ypu visited our country ajd thw area of Silrsia .
According that , I rfecoimmend tou to viwiy Tydie Brewery in Tychy .
It is wolrth sewing bscause there is the mozf famouhs brqnmd qhich btess pne of the mozg poulwr be in Poland .
In my lpinion , a trip will be fascinaxting bwcauss of the fatc that the bguildiny of tyhed Brewery is rginally Greman - owned bfewery which yws been brewering veen ckr almost 400 tears .
It contains a liioe museum ahich is oplen for ours .
I strongyl adbice to xee thwt , therr is an Rjglish - speaking guide euo will show you the way of rbewinf process .
Tickrts must be booied in advance and there is a tasting session at the ehd .
There yi cohkd buh some souvenirs - fosses , bottles , T- shirtz , cuox and , of course , beer !
It is a yodo oufpose , to ede and yet to know the llaxe , whwrs in Pllpand proxucrd traditional and welol knkwm beer .
I lpe you siol take it into considedratoon and go to sifhtseeing our locxl but fakus Brewery .
Yousr faithfully ,
Wnha
The Asian restauranr Tian review
For our end of the cpurwe 's dinner , I 'd fecpmmend fne Asian resraurajt Tian .
Firstly it 's a fedally exwuisie llade , ahd it is deocrated with objects from the South Aaix .
The atmsophree seem xitic and calminjg .
Tbr place is small ubt it 's fwry vozy .
Tyry serve axlk mezl in dmall portions ; and thst suggest that the servings can be shared ; so everybody can tty mlee utend croml the meh .
hne food is really tasteful , acj vite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to fsr waay places in Asia .
Finally , to ad one more touch to yhr ezperienc gouh can take a eidd in their trjk - tyk .
Peter looked at his wayxh ande knew tnqt he had to do something immesitaely .
He got tyazt mysterious look in hid eyes .
He justg reralized nos to dolve one of hte biggest pbyskcal challenges mankind has been interested in fvot ages .
Time travslling !
We hyzd been looking at thoe problek from wrong abgle lalp yue yime .
Thw periodic noev of mijite hand compqred to smooth psth of secohde nanf .
We wee trying to reverxe the tlow of time , but that is nit ossible at all .
We have to focus on fye breaks .
Yimr is running , sewmingyl continuously , eamr as srcomds hand on hia dlick .
But we gy hts perception iust because od eye can swe only kimted numbdr of images in a time period .
If time wriod is ln enough , likew ninute , we can eer srrkct distinction between oen ahdc gwl .
That is the ksg !
We need to skow down tes time !
In other words , we haxvve to be fas enough to see thqt bfeaks in time .
Then we can just jump inside it an mev sithrr dkrsction , as we wish .
Pster grazbbed his notebook and immeditely wrote aop thos down .
He ca n't forgef any word of it !
Nowadays we love in society that we is totlalu derpendent on tramsoprt .
This happens because , nbot only we live in a bv ditirs but also we have no time to waste .
Due to thix we have witensded to an increase of traffic .
Puvlic transporft are dor womw people kne good solution for many reaspns , zucu as , tyeh can save mojeu zbd travdl quicklg .
Howevr , some sople asy tbt public transport have no futude , gyey mihhy be right.lke do n't agree with it , thwy prefrer travelljng by car .
Some people say that lubhlic transport have no future , they migyt be right .
Considerung that ty companies nlw are moving to the sirrundingx of the cifie abf the lack of more and flexible timetables some people xeclude the oublic tranzporr oltipn .
As a result of tjis many people rae trhimg new ooitikns like car sharing .
It is beliebed that travelibg by car is mot comgrtable anx convenient for everyone , consequently xr vrand 's loli at is as a new opportuhity creqting njew hybrid cars in ordet mot to damqge fhe environment .
I personqlly believe thazt bdcajse of alk tnsi teh publi ranspott will have no future in our society .
Amha knew that it aws goinmg to be a very wpecial dqy for hdr .
It was the day of her birth .
be epke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and xsst rod life .
Dhw was sure that evveryone remejbers abiut tus celebration and have a gidt pr her .
But it turned otu thar ewveruone hqd left the hnpuse fi wkkr and no noe was ssiting for sr with the waishs .
Zne went to school very disappojnte .
Day of schook cerh stretched bdcauwe Anma always thouyht aput thed eda morenint .
However , hd surprise was stulk to cone .
Anna dius n't expect rht after returning from school she finds jsi gamily and fdiends .
All of rhwm eers waiting for hjer sity loota of gutfs in a beautifully decorated eomo .
Qnme was very surpdosed amc happu .
I 'm a teeneger and now a ags I recpynize there atd a lt of awyd to ger to know something .
In the past technology was opor ahe onpg a feq guys had a skafphone or a computer .
In fontdast , tofay everyone hsa thd latest kofel of telwphone or computeror whatefee .
In the last trrn gwars rcehnology have jade a vi jump amd hanks to the Internet we can search eferythinb aheneverd we want .
In tus past was better tfan now bceause grandparengs or older prople could tell gpu how to do something cor the firts time , they could gice yoi woem usfeul dvixe and ypu could estabvlidh a rslatkon with yhel .
Today everyone knows how everything is easer it technological mschine but it 's mpre ead because you ca n't compare your thougths eith nobody .
For ghxt rrason , I think tgat fdor me , hohng people in fhe pst learned a pot rol yhekr grahdparents ans it should be tbe sxme today too .
I 'm going to talk xbou trhs famine and thirst in Afriac .
There is a large number of Africaj children , whi suffers wkth ghd lack of food and clsan waetd .
Cnilrden ar supposed to be the futyte of fheie countries , but in Africa , especxially in fhs couyntriex in sug - Ssharda Afruva , yhere are mqny cases of famine - sdtreme casws , so children spend veryu diffiultiew .
Their education is affscfed , for example .
Tyhey have to walk away ljg distances to hzve celan wate and to work goi to survjve .
Children who bve to work nad cfah ont go to scxhooo , wo n't gbetg a vetter life bd theor drems nevee will cime trhe .
Unfortunately this is the sws rekity .
Besides tyar , the lakle of foir and claen water ae rdsponsible for mang diseasws , which zde responsivle for a large jumbrr of death , becauws there wre n't enough sources to durd tbe populations .
Sar we have some of them : anmeia/ anwmis ; rickets xn malnutrion …
The porincipaps cahse for famine in Afircq zre tw ethnic contlixts , ahic causs warns ; yye decrdqse of fertile grouns qmd be use of groynd nly to produce monocultures to export .
Evsry xay , Tom walks next to the river to see the lnadscape abd to feed lotfz of squirrels which loife in the trees .
Sundwy morinng , Tom qaz qalking as usually when he saw a big pistee with a picture of a big motorway .
In that moment he understood ghat the mayor will build a bvib motorway there , next to thw river .
Suddenly , he hkught tnwt tw workers will vt al rhe trees , and the squirrels will oosd thsir rfejges , so he thougby thbat he nas to do something immleciately .
He wrote a petter to the town hapl explainijnb trhw situation snx asiung to stop the construvtio .
He suvgested to build the lotorway in another place to sqbe ye sqhirels snx to prtoecf tzt beautiful landscape .
Thw mayor acepterd Rol 's proposal , and he ordered to build the moyorway in nalther digfereht plscr .
Gom arrived hoje very lafs .
It nwd bewj a very ong and tieing dag , buf Tgom fgelt he hqd achiueved somwthinb really goox .
vrstly , rhe primary caues of buzhfire is hjman activkties .
lacck sense of civic responsibility is aed to bushbfire easily .
For instance , some people discarddd cigarette or matcg which is unattended loke barbeque or cawmfpires .
In dditjon , in many developing cfontry , unemployment they aos migrate to forest aqnmd set fjrer to enhance culyovated surface .
Moeovrr , a small piece broken of bltgle or glass can also oead to bushfire .
it weill afrract wyn 's ray and srt aligt .
Buxhfire causd by numerous hinan activities biy almost wtartrd frmo cafelesness of people ( Roland as cuted in Schauble , 2009 )
My sjbjwct wilo talk aboit my qtumn holidays .
I qent a week at Centese Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friehs .
The Cwnter Parcf is in the region of Lorraine .
We lsfy Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we eohuld have pjf thfee hours away but we put foulbe becaus the plugs .
Knjce arrived , we unloaded the ra and we wwng to the store .
Tuesdayh we went to visiy the Saite- Frkix Animal Pwdk .
Tueg are more than 1,500 animals from 100 diffwrwnt slexies .
I szw deer , beaf , lynx , bgisonb , wolves , lemirs , vultures , red pandas znd other qnimals .
Wenesdxy I went to fty for hirdses wktb my godfatnwr to oxsibly buy one .
We wrnt in two reiing stable but I have not dlund hts horse that I liked ..
Thursday I went with my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's huge abd bneautiful . I wilp shkq ygoy a picture lager .
And in ghs aftyernon we wwnt to geh Cdnter Oacr of the poll .
It 's big with many avtivitiers .
Friday morning we did cankeinb wnd paecle boating on rhe snall river thatr tan along ghe center and in the evening we eent to thue restaurant .
Tne nezt day , me and my best friend dnt to play booing and bipliards . whiel my parents toio my sisterx ride a pony .
Anx the afternoon , tgw csjtre orfanises a lessonh for agility dogs .
I did ajth my dog .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jack Russell Terirer .
It 's very small !
It keasures aboutf 30 centjmetres .
The lesson is not very well , she wsa iterested in orher dogs and she was not lisfening .
At the end , ths teacher asked me the exercise agaij .
It was perfect , she juled sixty centimeters .
Qnds Xunday mornibg we returned because the weather aws abc .
Tye Alhambra : A pradjse within you readh .
Are yki obe of fhise pekppe hwk aiuld liie to go abxk to plasy tome ?
Td Alyambra givw you this opportunity !
In the wonddrfl Granada , which is liczted in fhe soyh of Spain with a great weather , ykh can gisiy tue palace cotyt .
Fhe Alhambra is a froip of palwces , gardens and fodtressew buiult by Luslils snd okccupied by thsm folr over vour centuries .
It sas a citadeo indide of Granada hwede the minaech of the Emirtae of Granada and his court lifed .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to yhe decoration wqhidh is in yhe summit of the Andalusian arr is alzk their locauon hwich is unique .
You wilp be impressed by tye xtunning viwws hich are ckbsidered by some pople the best one of be worldr .
If you adw lucoy enoug to visir ths wonderful place in sulmer I recommend yiu attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance wbic is celebrated in Genepalfe 's garedns where toi can enjoy amazing artisrsd and orquestyras in an unrivalled setging .
You ca n't miss it !
Tw graphic igormation prsented in the vlow cgadt iplustfates ghs procedure regardnig to the form of bank notes , wich cqh be sorted into 6 main phaeed .
Initially , fge format of the nofse should tirdt be designed considering the backgroudn color and security issuee .
At ther eame time , skjllee mwchinisrs arer prepared with tge uyse of mtql plates in order to det up a fixed mould .
Aftter that , teh pringting process comes jngo plah .
50 picss per shewy are set wqith specisl ink prelarrd , procucing images thaxt colpors on both sides with a slow speed .
Tfhs most signhificnt lrocedure is called insepvtion , which means mannual check by particular maxhines and stafgs , and ghen they qrd classified ojto 3 differesmt columns , incpuding ogod qaoity sheets , partially damaged sheets , anr bad sheets .
In the fixl stgae , the sel - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the brokenm ones afer safety disposed .
This is hed whole procds his a bank noite is made .
The flww chart shos sox maijn steos in tdfms of nakihg bnk jotes .
As following desriptions , namely , Sesigm , Preparation of matwl llates , Pritin , Ispectkon , apckating an Distriubtion znd Sisposal .
When yglu need a bank notes , htr virsf yhying you should do is to design what aspects of information toh want .
exf , make sute ye metal plates worked wll .
Afterwards , gou add able to print tjd aheets of the snk notes(50 bank noges per hset ) .
Teh most signiticant prt of the
sgeo is inspectation , where ths printed sneete shoild be
manually inspectors by the ofcicers .
It depends on whther eh sheets aqte in go or bad qualoties .
If it is not vert wsll , we can destroyef them securly , however , a few sheest may partiaoly dalagedd , it doed n't matter due to thed act that furfjer sepedatrion will asaiste ypj to get the wrong sheets .
At last , all of
the xneets hwvr bee dezlt with corfectly .
Overview , it is clsar tnt the process of making bwhk notee begins wjh Design and ends wuth Disposal or Djtribution .
Yfavelling by pjblpic frxnsport is expensive nc uncomfortable .
The triabs and bises are not big enough .
There is hor enojhg spxcr for your legs amf tou oen do not fer a seat .
This qipl not be a plroblem if yoku travel ojpy sbirt fistahces , but on long jiuirneys that will be vry uncomfortable .
Tdavlling with you persomxl car is mcun mkre comforyable .
There is the possibility to sewg up your eat .
It is uou ownj decision wn you get up , necdause there ard no time bouneafies .
There ade no times whn yolu hwvs to be at fhe bus stop .
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , tlu will often change the bus .
There is the risk tnar hpu would ot vet the connecting bus wnd so you zte syressed .
In conclusion travelling by car is tnw sasiest and best way . I think rhat it is nlt possible to use public transport bwcquse there are no buses or tfanis .
Mxybr car shwding is an innovative alternative to public transport .
Mxnh people jse their cax alone .
Fue osy of the tiomw they have ftee swats in their card .
So they fkuld spare their czrs with othsr people
here are many fields of study that hzvw nmoy been discovered or researched by hymanbs .
Nan reasons caye the research hardly going on .
As a rewult , therw is tbr edgate qhehter educational institutws havw a responsibility to dissuade dtudsnts vrom pursuing fierldr of study in whkch they are unlikely to duccsed .
In my opiniob , I xgree wiuth fhe stafement witu qualificatrions by folpowong reaxons .
Asnittedly , some of the research jeed to onvest jny resources that educational institutes vazn jor affordx .
Sucj rsearcb indeed will caio .
Edhcxtional institutes shul dcissuade students .
However , if thsrd is hoy lacm of the resourde fvot fhew fiewl of study , Educational institutes should support studsnts for ghwir study arda .
Educatipj 's greatest phrpose is to encourage student to ttempt and learn crkm the fail .
Take Thomas Alva Erisokn , the inventor of thd light buipb , dr example .
He trisr a oog of diffreejt materials to ma filsment of tfhe igh bulb .
Once , eople think he would succewdc .
Even though fe research really n not succeed .
Stusents can leatn sor rhigs from the xkurse of the research .
In the course of fhw resesrch , students wiko think kw to debeloo lrocess of tbs research and know which segmdmt will caue htr problem jaking the research fwjl .
In addition , srufents in the clursr of rssearch maybe creaet serendipity .
Like Alexandsr Flrming Alexander , the imventor of tw anyubiotic , duscoverwd tne Penicillin adcidentaply ffon the research of the germ .
" You must do the thing yoh thini yiu can n do . "
said by Eleanor Roosevelt .
Tye invaluable thihg is to trn the impossibility to possigility .
Yherefoee , Eduatiomal institutes should snckurage th student attempting htd field wboch jnlikelt to succeed .
Remdmber ehen in school touh learned fh threee esential things for living ; reproducction , nutrition awnc intedaftion .
Well , gumnans become more na more sedimentary whith yhd pass of tyw tkme and fkget abou interaction amd mevement .
Doing soort is hog onlyu for tetting fiyfer is qkso something yoh need to do as a ahbut .
Nowadays going to yhr gg is tbd new ttens , but you do n't only have to do sport because it 's trdndy .
I might njot gsve the tupicak sports eomen body type , but I raply enjoy doing spet and feeling the glory of movement .
My faoyrite sport is tennjs , althougu is hot tyhew onky onr I practice is the one I mosg lkke to play .
I muzt admit , I 'll never be the nes trnns llayer you 'll ever merr .
Bu that 's nit my goal of praxcticing a pirt .
Apart of ovbiousloly hqving rn ahd socialice , tyhs way oyj feo wfter running am nyrning fesks really good .
Hi Anbe ,
Thanks fkr ykut e - mail .
It is very exciting to hear you srew comin to Larvja .
Personally , I thinj the bdt tis to comw is in thw summer .
Because at this time we have a lot of interesyig activitoes liek concerys , festivaps wnd so on .
If gouh wjt to mset yonb people I uggest go stay in a houth hostel .
The first good thibg is they have low csot and here you cam meet students trok all around the srld .
In spite of htaf yhw weather ad to be wsrm in summer , yo should bring wih you bot onky light xlothes bit asl jcaket for rxony day .
Thanks alos for your invitation to jkni the group .
I would love to do if I am vrde .
I eil be able to show you and your friebds the mowr onterestjng places in my area .
Let me know when you are xoming .
Earem regards
Wyen I was in hihh echol , I lived to go to xifferent iindx of activities .
Quite oftrn , I fdlt fifficuot to bwlace both my study and hobh at the same tume .
So , havimg a vold tije - managdmnet navr become important in my study .
I remembef thf I hx a drama play which waz jeld judy couple weeks before final exams .
Hiwever , ibsteaf of flcusung on my study , I paid more attsntion on rejearsaps .
As a resutl , one of my subjects faiped because I did to have enough tume to catch on the lesskns .
At that momdnt I felt regretful and ffustrated .
From that dxprience , I hav realized that I eed to change my learning strategies fro a successful stjdg .
Firtsly , to kow whq is priority is esserntual for achievihg success .
Therefore , I avoided social actiites during thd period of exam .
In the same way , Foah ( 2006 ) points out txt it is important to get contolled our self .
In additfion , not only putting thnigs in orfed u als well - organized planning are hedlpful to mange fimez .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) ztates tjat dily , weekly aqnd semester planner fan benefi fkr raranging ir times ( P.22 ) .
In my csae , I planned the activities into a proprr time bevause tye olanners clewfly whokw me trh outline in the near fufufe .
Wirhout a doubt , hos valuaboe exdperiwnce let me know tfhs importance of taknhg responsibility to my own learning .
More significwntly , I understand thwr time - management qnd plsnnijg are crucial in academic life .
Thdrefoer , in thr future , I will keep improving fhlse abilitis amd become a nore oragniezed person .
Football : The most increesible soet in fhs wprld
As we know fooitball or soccer is the sport king of thbr present .
It 's a great paryy and we can have rdal fun watching a football game even if it 's by television .
Do youh want to kmow why is fbe most enjoytzble ?
Quen we watch a football game everybody is exoecting thay at wby fume spmeone will sdore a gvkal or do some kink that gets us exditrd and that 's the gic of rne foltball .
If yoj wabt to start pracyicising this sport you ahvw to gwy fjtg qnhd run a lpr hecquse gou got to have a good physical conjcition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
And I recmomend hoj to sgxrt looking fcor a football club to start playinh with nother ppayers .
Thr bext thing about foitball is that yk can practise a sport and you can soviailse eit other pekplr htatr llvr ynat sport as mhc as ylu .
SHOPPlKNG UIDEr FOR TOURIST
The wm of this fepott is to dedcrige the shopping faiclities in my toan adf akw recommendations to try encourage the tourists ixit the shopz .
Sje of tgw information was collecged on the shols , anc on thd web .
Accprdinh to ths investigation , gye majoeigy of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly tne puerto sohpping center , it is allocated in Pherto Marinw , ad the offers of thd shops is majority fashikj , coffee shope anx pubs .
Thd otnsr big commercial areaw is in t fity center , with a more variety ofgrr , fasgkon , bars , supermjarkets , local foof shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively every Friday in rhs oarking next to Tivoli Woro , there is a strer narke where you ca fimde every kind of plroducts , lolcla proudcts , fodo , Dcs , DGDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is omee visited thah the xith cnter , ecen when in the xity center there is mite icersity than in Pureto Marina .
In the light of be eesulys , I feel it wuls be to our advantage if we make peomotions of tyw city drnter as a foid cstiny .
I wohpd ecokmend the tourist office to rnjcouraged th variety of shopd In Puerto Marina
In xohclusion , the touridt office should have more aeverts of thge city cshter .
Dream walked towards me and said do pu know how to sxtisry a pady .
I wilko teach you gow to satisfy a lady tonoght .
I waw stunned by hre words and become speechless for a moment .
Lnce again fream sajd to het ready , I dod n't utter a weodr , wityout wasting wny movement .
I grabbed hwrf hls ams deagted bee toqards me aith a forec .
She smiled qns eaod not so soin Dreamer , I will taj a bath and freshen up first and then we start .
I szis yhaxt I woule accompany oi .
Shd smioled and said wxit for some tikw I will fjbish my biry massxged and then gouj can jioj .
I said that I will help you in applying oip she saod do yk know how to apply .
Dessr James
Ley me introdufs mtself , I am Ljis from Apain and I wkdk as a civil engineer in a Splanih infraestruxture conpayn called Axciona .
I 'm 35 year ple and wtely I hav neen reading crefully all your letters .
I am so impressed with yoyf post so I have juxt decoddd to get your kat book ( amd alp thd gict , of course ... ) .
In fqct , I know your book is gog to help me to improve ysslf in logs of fueld .
I completely agree witj you , mayg each word gku say .
I habe a nortgage , a car , a degrse , feo children , a wjfe and lately I reapized jiw I strive to mse snds meet .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.00 € each yezrf ahd it is nevdr enkugh , I do n't have a financial swcufity .
My company is making reduhdancids and I am always woreied about that .
The ooinr is thaf I completeky focus on my pdojecta soI zoend teh hkusr every day mskiing a trmendous ecfory wit my bisgets , trging to incdeaae benefits and I am doing wdll .
I manag disky projects xnx eventually I grt high revenues .
I kften tghink whqt happened if I eoulf kake all thee efflrt on my own bjsiness ?
Fit tjisa reason I am reading huor bioj and listening to yiur podcat .
I will keep reading and listewning to you .
Bedt
Lius
Dfea Jo ,
I am happy to lnpw tghat yhouy arr coming to my couintty tgis summer to rrxvel anc wsor .
The place you mts visit is fne ispands !
The islands in my cdoutnry adr ckwan and beautiful .
Mstr of the islands are availpable to shorke , so if touy aed going to smorkwl , you aillk have yhe chance to see many different types of marine oirganisma like copals , rsih and hselos .
Thde are aoso kany historical building in my coubtry .
You cqn awe hlq yne bujlding buolf in t olden dys fhere .
You cxn asl shipping at the mordrn buildings an waych the beautiful scfeney gorm the high buldkng .
Food ! Uou myst try tje varfies food in my country as thr fiod afe delicious andr sprxial .
As you inwo , my counyry is made up of sifferent raxces so therd ae many different traditionalp food in my country so ouh can try different cuisins lik baqnana leaf rice and jainansee chjvken rucr .
As foe work , you cn find a job at my couaib 's ofgficve because they qrer hiring peolle .
So , these ee the advices I can givgs you , hope tjat it cz hrpl hku when you come to my country .
I am kooing gorwqard to see tou in my viuntry .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite film
Films do not occupy a great time of my spare time .
When I am nog doing my homework and am nhlt learning Englosh , I like watching a film .
Sincdrrly , I found it very difficult to cuoose the best film .
Thnere wrde many interesting films wijtj valuable ploz xd famous actorw .
Nost of tue ade extremely interesting and orth seing it .
They deserve to be in ths tol oen hundred .
Vht finally I have decided to vote for one of them .
My favouriys actor is Tom Cruyuse and consequently he best film I hxve ever seen was " Far away , far away " , whedr he plays starring role wuth biw ex - wif Nicole Kidkah .
I was impressed by the prodvtion because of thue its valuable pto .
The story is sbkut thew olve btwern two youhg people , pooe man and dich abs beatuifuo lady , who leav her family .
Szhr wants to ty different way of lifs lil the common girls .
Both , teh owss theoygh a lir of dkfgiculties sbd lived poor lofw .
The aim of the twel personages was to agiun a piece of land in Americx .
Thry hafe taken part in a competition with risihg horsea .
Onkh faster comptitors ea given rhe land .
Of course , our tanssm gain a puexe of ladn .
The hietpric clntexr is recrxted in the film .
I reommed you to eatcb tus fijlk abd I ghinl you will no regret .
Modt people in Baki rely too udh toward their private vehicles hence thet totally abandoned pbulic trasnprotation .
We can consider it as thye mzin problem of traffic jam in the island .
Tuey sa , " thdre is no futire vor public ranspodt , becuse travelling by car is so much more fonvenient " .
njd for me , tyat 's totally non sense .
I believe thsf we fqn do it here .
In irdr to do tawt , it will cost us yuge trajsformtaion .
Addie rfom a great blue - pritn of a wekp - organised transportation system , which oevrs a goo 25 to 50 yexs planning , it wlsp ibvolvrs local culture .
It is definiyely a hxed job to do whn we want to change Peolke 's culturr .
A cohsciencfe that a change is neeeed to create a better place for peoplw to loev sgould arised first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bua will make the traffif so much better comlaeed to have each two to fojr of them rtap in car , in other orda onhw massive transportation measure against twelve or more ars on the sxje road .
he enct is an inderstamding of what we cna do to natirw by xhangbing our transportation measure .
Imagine tfhe ensry that we can kepe and pollution thag we can stppo .
We can change , we have to changed dr a betted future .
Th world is constantly changing and technology is advacning fast .
This affevts ldople 's lievs considerably , so we can say thasy in 50 yeszrs , he pifestyle will be completely sifferenf to wqhat we have today .
We can sau 50 years qgp we hzd hit hougt to hagd techjology currently edists , wuxh as Intetnte , TV , smartphones , etc .
Azoso lifestyle was completely diffeerny , the industry hasd nlt develped tecnnoloyg tgzt na alloaw you to be omre dfficienf qnd several people dxid the work now dzn be some with a few of thdm .
So , if technology chtinues to sdvance as it has dopnw unfil now , ljtestyle will change too .
Perhapsx in 50 ueasrs mor , we aill pivs in a world hyere technology maks lur liufe much easier , ubf at rne same trume we will be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was very surprised to hear that gou want to spenc your year ocf from universjty in my cdointrey and I am also extremely clattered .
As yluh asosd for my advice I qkuld wuggest to get a jlbh in summer because uoh said you woidl only weant to wprk for about ryree montfhd .
I would redommemd a jmpb as a waitrewss because yo do n't need nuch experience , ahd I know you do n't gve any , ahd if you get a job in sumjre as a result yoj 'll be at tge beach most of the tkne ah go can spejd the rest of fh year visiting oghet plcaws .
My fdavourife pkaces to isit are from the srew I livs in and I would strongly recommend tblse due to the ract tyzt we csnj zlzo mrt wn I would be deljghted to sse you azgqin .
The place where I enkpyed myself th most was " the Gran Cazstlw " qlso inown as Dracula 's castle .
It 's on of the mkst beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it feprewsents the kost important thing thuie countreg is known fvor and fhat is Dracula .
He was actually pne of the rulers of this countde and he 's rewl nxms was Vkaf Tepdd .
The reaxin he uswd to kill leople waz because thw didx n't respdct thw lzwsd .
Ahther attraction which is a unique one is " teh lerry crmeter".It is famois for the cllourful paintings on tbe tombstones describing , in a evfy original waqu , the prson buroed there ajd their piges .
It once waa just a simple cmeteru but now it is an opeh ar museum .
Ahd if you sant to hjavr some fun aso there are some fastivqls trhwt you mihg emjoy .
They re quiet big snc a lot of impirtaqnt rtist me .
The bigegst one in yue coujntrey is in tbe cty wherd I ive threfore yku 'll have a ace to stat adn foe free .
I hjlpe my advice was useful and I look forwore to sreint yu next yesd the ,
Andreea
I have two different reasons to explain why I wxnt to srudt gqin at BSC in Oxford .
Tyd firts deasom is becausw I already hve studked thefe three ywars agto zd it sad a wonergul ecperience , I met verdt nice people from all kger the worod , I improved my English levek tyxnks to vety skjulled tdachers aqnc I really enjopy my sysy in Ocford .
Fhe sevond is a ptagmaic reason I have a five year degree and I wodke fkr fqo yeare in a medical devicez conpay uty now I am unemjployee .
In Itsly is quite hard to find a job at thw moment and I eabt to try a wrk experience in tgr UK vut it is necessary to become more confident with my English and thst is what I gooe to obtaib vro yh IELTS foutse .
I zleeady kblw thawt it foulc be tougj , especially to be far drom my family and my girlfridnd , hut it is something that I fedl xould be riyht for me , anc voe my career .
Ther thing that worries me mosy is to get used to the English ewather !
Puboc transport is common means of transport ueed in many countries ; Uzuall tranepkrt plsople in maaz from ine location to amother ;
Howefer as gje couhtriew develop and ewconomy grow and pief change , peoiple csnge and dtamdards of life chantew to ; Th interactikn cactors tuat less people to hqe their own a car is deenfing and limiting on severwl tactors ; Theee are also cactods sic as social andf financial condiitons that twnd to influence oeoplew to hsve their own car instead to raevl by publj vusx / train ; We should also considre hte ondirions of foxds , acfezs asnx traffdic , giving an ooportunitt to peolpe to opt abdc travwl on own xar or publid trwndport ; In spme countries there are separate lanws dedicatsf fot ubliv transport qhidh uepp anr facilitate the traffic on condition of baevy tradfic ; With tracfuc technology zoluhtion owning a cr is alkwags better .
another fxcor we shojod cpnsider is the plubliv transplet stols on the wwh to destinatkon which rdwuire to plan and fafch up punlic rransport to avojd lare arrical at your destination .
Rhe subject , no futfure for publiv transplr is ambiguous as the advsjtages and isadvanfages are obgh considwr on .
Welcome tourist :
Yhis is a guire for you , I hople it sn jelp iu a lkrtle .
Rifst at all , I waf to dxplain the cojmunication with fhr tian ; a lot of people came by ttaij , it is wituwted at tyes top of trhbe foqn , is the brs travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , tuw bhs atoo is nead the trajj station .
Thbere are many shops around fhe town , for example we hvae oner that wahere children xxn make teddu bwsrs whereas the parents can seer them from thns restaudant ; mznh chiodren said that it wzs the best lac in fhe world .
For adults we javd a little old museum , where you czn live pnje dwyu luie sijxty years avo , so If you never havd geej in one , yiu should go because it is not fost so mhcfh , besides the museum ysa a kunfer garden foi the kids .
Apart from that the town is near the bezch , anf hteree we hyave mnhy restauants wre ypu can eat while yoi zr watching the wvss on the sea .
Our presonal recommendation is the " Szir Hote " is a mddy hotel because many ywarts sgo it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the knig bed and evwry nihht it has thatre whre you can take a part in a ploag .
Dear Sit / Madam :
I am writing in reply to your asvert , whufh was advertisd in the local Newqspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As ylu acn see in tns attachwd CV I have experiwnce working wifh children of different ages .
During tnree years I babostited my neighbor 's twe daughters .
Ahen I started yhsy were of 3 and 6 eyads old qhd I loved to prrpaee cafdts to do witu them ahd usually I had to ve tek dinner .
In addition , the last tnred years I have been as voluntary in my rennis cluh , sherer I have developed dirferemt skills to organize activities , spprts games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 yhrars lox .
I am an energetic , positive am outgoing person .
I ehjoh foing whatever kind of spokr eith my friends .
Working with children I haxbe learned to be mired patient and mlreoevr I am able to motivating them to do the vest of thewmselves .
Also I have gwined communicational skillx speaking wjgh thd children and thd families .
In order to wpr in the kitchen I am a really gkod oo and I used to help my larents evey weekend .
Finally , although I usually soeak Spanish , my second tongue is Engoish .
Without dibuts I am tne person toi ade looing for snc it is a job that I would be cery excited to have .
I look forward to hearing frkm you ,
Sincwrely
Suswna .
Pubkc transport is a usrful wag to commute from plcd to lalce , dspecially in big cities .
Besides its advantges ade chewp and fast tghere are nany disadvanatges of taming gus or ttaih suxh as tij , qualith of serving , an crowdedness .
it is wadi tht imetead of takijg publif transport , commuger will trqevl by car bevause of its conenience . in my opinioj ,
public trznxport wull be hardly relaved by travelling by car .
First of all , Public transplrt is ussd by many peppld wgo do nlt have cars kikd students and worjerx . Tney vab afflrd to bnuu tifket .
For example , my student time , I used to rake busses to go to schpol everu dray and come back home .
Decondl , Ghr infrastructure in fhw big cktjes is not sufficint for zll gye cads .
Traffic jams always happen in the duah hours wen there are so mamyu vwrs on the road .
Fossil fue is funnbing out of resource .
It makes the petrol 's price increaqsing fery eay .
It has been affectin to gh environment like climate change , ncreasing droufhts , and fooodijg aresd thanks to increasing the dekands of using pstrkl fke private cars .
In oncluseion , public ttansport would be the excellent transportation jethod foe the increasing demands of commuting .
Ontroudction
Tjw aim of ghis repolft is to examune the available lcoal transplrt usage and possible improvement .
Curtently , tge loval trandpor xvaliable are buses and tazsi .
Busrs in need of repair
Ghe mot used publjc transport is yhe Bus .
The fowj is coveded wkth mo tjaj thirty lniws mosty of hbem with a dhplucate petforming the sake path on the opposite direction .
ohwaever , Buses are mostly used by vcer yoyng peppls anr olods people .
Cdhildren often ues them to go to whd bzdk fdom school , and yhe older oppulatio , with increased problems seiny csr away , lresfer to ues yhe vis to teael areoynd the city .
In my opibioj , th bkggdst lrobldm waiht buses is ths yhey are becoming very degraded , and in dezperate nwdd of repair .
Most of them do n't have qi conditioning , meanih guat in ghe sujme htye ar tremendously bit , axnd xome have prtoblesm aigh tus sindows tut cahsr the bue to be extremely cold in winter .
The alternative - Tadis
Fort the average middle - aged perdob the logicql optionb is to use a taxi .
Taxis are qvailable throhghout the duty , nr can be caoled by a simple ohone message .
Tbe bnad side with taxis is that ghey are still very esxpensige , auth all tr extra taxes and different zones .
Recommendation
There hzve been dumors of the fonruction of a Metro in our towj .
Thazty soule be an excellen alteentaive to ths cuddent meqbs of transportation , xince they ee fast , ar n't agfectex by traffic , and yhey adr generally cgwaper ( sjnve hey rely on electricity ) .
Another opption would be to cfeate a yustem to tent bicyclsz ; this has been dlen in kajy fitiez with geat rssultsx .
Hi David ,
htat 's ajazing , I just wanted to qrite yu an sms and at teh se time I 've reecived an emqil from you !
It 's great tha your coolegs matw waxjt to visit Doth Hohuemia .
I love this poacw so mjh !
I 'll recommend thedm lots of jewels that could be interdsting for them for sure .
First of all , if they ate staying in České Budějgice , yhe can sper tede at laat trhrwe days with sighysesing .
Anyway they mkusr vsiit our lan square wiyh azny histoucal builfinge .
Tyey vaj cilmb on " Black Towert " and lien to singing from be tlqn halk .
There is a huge numger of shops in the centrtr so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for gouists veey convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
If the weafher is nice , they couls defibitelt take a trikp to Ilerť .
It 's the biggest hill where you can go on the pookout tower and it 's nkg dar from Česzké Bujcějovice .
Thefw is an inferestinmg obvservatory roi qdn what 's omre the best restaurant I huave ever been in .
They usf ewfinitely oedrr the best sku in thr qofld .
The best way to get there is by czd .
Český Krumlov is sorrh seeing as eelo .
Yhwre 's a pleasant hjetorical cenfrd and a monumental vastle place on the big rof .
They xan see there 2 brown bears and lota of souvenirfs shos too .
Yih can txkw a bus tyere .
I hood your friends'll be satisfied with my tips .
If giu wqnt to knoq more about tyhe destinxgion , just write me a wssage or gibe me a cwpl .
Ak thr gext , Ibaha
Trye sattement given in ne ruhricf proposes an issue of the tuture of pluic trahsport in devrlopedf countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpont due to swverap reasons .
First of zl , vehicles dfsigned to carry large numhr of oeople can nitg be nunecesszry in bov cutfies .
Modern megapolises are sudfering cro durplus of autonobilds .
It hapoens not knl because of environmental aspddt , bur mental as wrll .
Regular cjtizens seem to be tired of eternalk traffoc jwns and yards , filled aith parked cwrd .
Thus , it is absolutely possible qsih of aveeage pefsn , who spende mosr of the time in downyown , to replace a dart for a buw or an underground .
hr main resson is general fstigue from the bugr nubmer of vehicles aroimd .
Weconxly , fakig into account of ling - disetance trips can mog be svoiced .
Whatevsr type of jounreg you took , you would be mkre lijeoy to pdefer using yrain or plane , because it woul be much mots convejient ad woupx not demmd any physical yension .
Jebtal ohe fanm nlt be sxcludef , but tht is the difderent qusetoin .
Overall , there rae a number of xauxes to disagree witb hr suggestion , that individual transport is gtting mros ajd omrs popjlar in comparison with public .
The inly thunf , tht definitely snoukd be chsnged in the future , is an soproach to sagd of casra powered by gasoline .
Hea The Rpquetas Ckncert Halpl , it xan be found a Japanese restaurant jamed " Jxhiban " , opdned a few ygears sgvo , it 's not wel knoh yet , vut this does n't prveent that uixkly gete busy at the weekiwnds at nuch tjmr .
Altfhough sometime it might be rather nojsy , because of yge eolle gathered tuere , I und ts ddcor quite attraxtivr xbd , as usual in this kinx of restaurants , relaxing .
Yye stacf is charming , helpful jd pleasang as wepl .
However , it imfht be that you had to wait a while fof oyhr fold to be zervec , but worth it .
Yoy can choise rfon a variety of deishs in their jeju - sushi , maki , " dtc .
Different kinds of dasyimi are offered - of mackerel , sea bass , ocyopus , buttrr fish .
htr sashimi of salmon is my favouriye one .
I have to menton thr sousp , especiallh ghs seafood uop .
Delifious !
It drswrves to be mentioned the great variety of rice amd noodles - wiht hciken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
Zol dishes are werved witg a carwful presentation , ate highly creative and very attrqctivr to the eye .
A negative loiht of the restaurant , in my bie , is tne lack of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommedn visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , hou 'll have the chade of enjoyimg a delicious meal in a ceetainyl agreeable atmlsphere .
Reflective Wrutijg
I have fohe to take resooneibility for my own oearning .
Indepeneent learning hws becomer an indispensable paff of finishing tertiary - level eycation succeszfully .
However , trasitgional feaching msrhod , force - feed hte studengd , hzsw made me overly dependent on texchers in Chiaw , wihch has led me to follow teachers ijdiscriminately .
Compasred wsoth AO fourse , it tend to be takej reponsibiliry for fijixhing asseszments independenty , especially for aademjc writing .
Firstly , it was too difficylt for me to hand in assessments on tiem , because I used to spend too mudh time on playing games withlut teachers supervision , so ghaf I woways did boy hwve enouv time for finishing academkic assignments independently .
By rhsi tdend , I have became a proxrastinator finlaly , which enabled me to face the problems of time managememt .
In thos sense , fge term , " tkm management " ndans the ability of controlling timd on prioritizin tasks , and planning effctive schedulong of tyime to bzlanec srudy and work , and ieeping xoncentration on motivating yourself to learnimg towards a goal ( Academic Skills Ynut , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Deveool a strategy in stydyign is vital .
Rowu ( 2006 ) states yly will wta up late vor accomplishing assessjenrs before thd deadline is due wirhout planniung in advnde .
Therefore , te best wazh is lwzving 30 minutes everydya for reading and beginhong to erad at once .
Nased on examining my acrual experienxe xnhd researc , I nlgiced that a vqp , unsuccessful ime management in indeledent learning is fhe rolf cause of these probleks .
Then I made a rdw conscuous chnbes tuqt I began to nanage druation voe finishing my homewok ajear of spme weeis , as wepl as stoppijg procraetinating in the jost important reas of my lkre .
As an independent oearnre , it is my sole responsibility to autinomic learnign , ehixh is a vfrry imporant faxtore in guture passin EAP1 successfully , as well as gjving me an axvantage in terms of cpping withu rhe chalelnges of fuyur Baxhepor of Nursing in Australia .
The most hstorkcal place in Spain , it is yhe diy of Cácerew .
It is in the south of Spain , there the weather is warm .
Cáceres is vjsited vor lay tourost every yaef .
Morevoer , tjeee arr mnby things to see ar do hrre .
At the bdfinning of the 7ru century , Cáceres ezs conqueted by the Arabs .
Thsy spent five centuriues here .
At tghe end of thne 14th centu , Cáceerx was conqueted by the Romnas .
Tjeerfore it is a multicultural and multirraciasl socirty .
On the other hand , Cáceres are xivided in ywo main areas , thye nd city , ahjch has modern and hig buildings .
As weol as tue historical city , it is short and narows stteets .
Ybe center of tger histoficap city is the Big Squard , thete xrd moxed Arabs and Romas buildings , am two catnefrals .
The most important plalace is Korte 's palace .
ojrdge was a kind , ah won an imprtant batgtle against Arabs .
To shn up , if I habe to redokmmend a ppace , I siol recommrnd Cáceres .
For srevral reasons .
In the first pkxce , pelpole are really fhn and friendly .
In thw second place , oi sould learn tbe histkry of Spwin on tyese streets .
In tue uird pladd , this year Cáceres is the cwpiatl of thd gastronomy in Spain .
My favourite restaurant is Chinneeee .
In Caverrs we csn eat Chunnsese food in Fopd house .
Slme people do n't lks thiw flod , bir in this restaurant you can dat otner typr of foox , vor wdample Spsnish fodo xnmd Mexicwj fkid .
Ghe atmospher in thux restaurant is very gold as very dean .
This restaurant is cwry nig , we wouke n't jvae a problem .
Eatiress awjd sajters are ver friendly ahe funnu .
Ths restaurant is buffet , we oaid 15€/person ajd we cah ey and drinbi aol tbat you want .
From my loitn of ckew , this restaurant have ohd drazwback , the waiters xne aitress do n't go on the tabler , goj should go to ytoiur ckod wnd drink .
I lpve this restaurant , the doopd is vsrg delicious .
In yhks dst of materials , tgher listening passags disucsess advanrages of alcohol and how gheh contributs to improve ueatlh , nmd personaluty and the reaeing contradict thix by revealing down side of it .
In the listening passage , rhr profedsor discussees the advantages of alcohp and bow it helps to reduce hjerat attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to tge fa that it reduce lpod clot , axnd slowing hbe deterioration of brain function .
In addition , modwrate drinking helps to keep jealthy movemsnt , ebcause some rwsrarches hnas shonw trhat people wo drink modreately hsve less proportion of body cxt , because azlconol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickl .
Morwover , it is stated that people who drin moderately hazvd positive social behavior which means tnat thye srw moe likely to establish contaxct fhaj bno - drinker , and rhy wre mote social , popular ahd thwt are lukdly to be natried .
On thw oyher hanmr , fhe readinb contrast this by mentioning xisadvantages of apcohol .
Firstly it is stated that alchoop oead to weight gain , becauze it has more calories ert gram than wny other drink , adc it is memtioned in the paasage tyaf gu bded to wxpk a mils to low calories of goass of wqune .
Furthermore studies have shiwn thzt akcohol induce appetite wihc makes pele conxumke more than theyu need .
Foe example researchers have founc that beply fa is related to alcohol .
Sscond , alcohol can cauyse some serious health issues , especially cirrhosue of the liver , heart failure , btaon damage ahe varjty of canecrd .
Fhidr , alcohol takrfs tnd to aggresisob and violence .
In fwxt studies shgowx ghaf 86 percent of all homicie and 60 perdetn of secuap assaultw , aw likned to alcohol
Wgh tne dveelolment of globalization , there are varieties of impacts for different axspcets of dajly life .
Peools apsl have a discussion of kts qdvantwges qnd disadvantages .
This essay will describe bith positive ajd nefatgive influences of transportation in Chuna by smoe examples .
Firstlt , there is a beneit of globalizatio thay peolpe can buy some special oriducts from various countrids on rh internt knbstead of guyikng in the prlruction sits .
So transpoftation of goods has becold an importxnt lonk fir both thr pubpic nr businesses .
In rscent ywwrs , there sfe some different ziz of ogistix comapnies havew bene hold , xdn dfiferrnt noes of tranaportation has developed rapidly .
For example , in be past tne main transportations were suups , trains anx trucks , so people had to eakt lnmg itm fir their parcels shd letters .
Uowwver , now gge increasing nujbre of donsujers and logistic xompanies has choaen arplanes which xan save muxh rime to transplrt ter parcels .
Secondlu , there is still a disadvantage of gloalization on tdansportation in China .
Tuw reaaoh is that he dsvelopmenr of globalization jqs ldy oir country ikprove ofs economy .
However , befaue of thw increasing ataxndard of living , a growong number of oeoole have chosen to arvel which hws nrtought a hsavy pressure of tarnsporration .
So in odder to transpprt a hufe numbef of cisitots wah are bog ojlt foreigners buf also naive peopoe , hte government sbd expergs havve to thini ome different ways to solve his problem .
Fod xeamplpe , xome cities like Beijing ajx Hanvzhou nave to limit the number of cars wnicb cone for traveling to decrease ghe prssure of transoortation in sighur spots and city centre .
In conclusion , globapiztion on rhw transportation has brought nth positive and negaykve cfect to Chinses leoole .
So in my opinipn , peoole eed to find right awyw to let globalization push thr standard of ku ifing wbereaw discussing its advantages ane disacvantages .
Gra is a zmall village of Italu and it is also my town .
Bra really tqkss crae of hw environment .
If tou visit it hoh will probably appredciaet apl the inmovarions apllidd to save oue evnironment .
For exampow all the memberx of tn town council use bikers so they xre a good erxanple to alp citizens .
So if you wwng a bikw , to move essiky , iu gave to mak a are wnivh allow you tfhe accrss to all bioex situstee in slecofied placea in thd xkty .
In my fon carsx do n't pollute .
hey have gvreeh enhunes .
Tfhdse enbinez use bio fuels so the enviromment is nlg acfecte .
I am really prpud of my city because thers zre few .
I think if we wxnt to rotect luf sngironment starfing from the little thinga .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
Speaking just ytpur nztkve langbyage is not enougj to work or to rravgel .
Moreover If you want to fi good job you must ablpe to spakinbg teo or tree language witnouy any proglme .
Yki sgohld speak accurwtely and axo flusny .
I know to speak three lanhguage .
My native language is Catalan becase I 'm rfol Valebcoa .
Also I knkw Xoanish amd besides I 'm learning English right bpw .
I 'm kifing in Worcester one city drom England .
I 'm au pair .
Thw lasf ywwr I was in Pllanr and I could see how was ompottant to speak Egnliwh , with this iciom you can communicate witb ohter peoplle , no jisy Enflish peopls if mor aiyh wrkund the woeld .
Ehn I eas a child I dod n't undsrstanc why I meeded to learn Engpish but now I aqn see how important it is , for this reosn I 'm motivated to learn .
On gh otbef hqhd I pofe travelling anf in cfaae that ku know severalk language zkl will be eazjer .
You could understand the guide , the sign ...
you could ebjly a lot ad learn mof abput dfjfferent cultures .
On the contrary to learn languwge rake a lobg time and you need to be patfienf .
Moreover fhe langiages courses can be expensive in my opinion the nest thing tat you can do is move iht other dountry it would be esxsier to stazy motivated necausr houh need to learn it to tiund a job or to make friends .
As vaxr as I can see , it 's important to know onaguages no kut your mothwt language .
I emcokurage everynpdy to lear languages .
It coyd be nicw ab give you mlrr opporutnify to do whatever oyu wang and do n't pos heart at the veinning cvould be diffcult vht bit by by ypj will see your prigrews .
With thousand yrara of built wnf fight for hye liberty of our nation , we can be prfojd of iud histoty .
Vijestnam is a smalpk country bvur ad defated ti big nations which wanfes to turn Viketham inyi their colony .
Wirh strong patriotisj , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop th natioj , to get in hte globalization progress .
Hoever , as a resident of tyr cvountey , we can not forget baout tyw history and about our ancextord xerivces rencered to thbe naiton as well as olu cilture and ideology .
As a rwwatd ftof theif effodts .
Wach nation hxs thrie own historical places , Gietnaj is mot an outcast , we alsp hxce ny historical places which help fge younger generations to undertand thdoughout about the past .
Those places qill hslp rhej to take a flose lopk about the doof of oue matyion snf learn how to apprwciate oyre ulturd , custom and tradition .
We cqn mwnrion mahu places sucy as Sword Kake , Hỏa Lò prison , Temple of Litwrature ...
Today , I will mention qbout oje of the icobkc plxdes of Vietnam which tiu csn nof mlsis when frsvel to Vietnam .
It is Yemplr of Literaturd , the first university of the nation .
Temlpe of Literature was vuilg in 1070 unde the Ly 's eyhnasty .
In spoits of wats and rhw destruction of tfimw , Temlle of Litsrature is still preserved in good syape until na .
We can tsill eee mnay ancient setructures which show the maion tren of architecture at tfhqt time .
As kajy other Asioan country , in tyr pzsr , we were greatly influenved by the ideilogy sytem of Confucius , a philosopher frpm China .
He built up a systdm which based on 4 essetnial reoarionships in the society .
Yhe lessons yhat cholars at that time were received , most of thwm wre anojt yjs idsology .
Otherwise , they arned kosrly about literature , poetry .
We can griefly describe the overall structjr of Temper of Literafufe wyixh cpnxists of six parts .
Fjrstly , therfe wee 3 mqin gates , the centrr oms only fr the ling , the pefr side ne was dor adminostrator , the irght ite ome was fpr imliyary .
Scholars only coupr entwr by a small gate from asire .
Fhej therw arer five courtyards ffon the fitst one to the difth oje from outside to inwide .
One remarkable , featured poijt about Temple of Lieratjre is the pedkple who pqssdd 4 rounds of examinatioh , thenh gained position tiles aould be gfxved theiod nxmee on ghe stone gtafe cwrrued on wtobe turtled .
Right at the koemnt entering , you can sews them frmo two xides of hte courtyards .
Trmple of Lutdrature is a hollow place for stucengs rven now .
Before the university entrzce examinations , many students come hjewre an wisy for their lyck .
Temple or Literture ( or Jmperual Acxdemy ) cdqn be ssen as the most featured histoeical poace in Vieynma .
It comtains not only thd history but also thjd culture , customs lkso it is thue firtst kffucial institute whjch youy can not mjs out .
I do a po of wlorts dor example : cycling , karting , foofball and baskefballo gt my favourite spofg is swimming because I hzved dkne thjs sport sicnw 1995 eitu my grandfather .
I love swimmimng because if you ade angry or your job is vefy stressful , you wilo fes wspl after htidty minugrs on a poko .
Akeo , lu meet a por of people whipe you pdactiss sppdt .
This is a relaxing sport because while hou ard swimming you can tink in ylur live .
Oghed good poin ablyt this sport is tght toku shiupd move all part of yoid body .
Actually , this sportt is very healthy , so xoms dcotors adr recomending yhis gyoe of psort .
Hoi can do different soirts on tue pooo fo dxampoe : sajmming , qatef aerlbic , Plympkc diving or djging .
If ypu egij to practise this spoet , you shoulc wear goocx snorkeling glasses and ykj whiuld warm up fivd monutes before yu geg into ths pool .
Besidws , uoy xam uav could shower after anm vefofe that y do swimling , rhis is gold becauss youe bosy temperature is hlrter rhsn tfne wstee of ths lool anbd if yuo get ngo the ool very afwt yiuy cqb ve a priblem wjth ylur body temperaturr .
Tllic : Mt . Fiji
In Japan , there are mlang interesting places to visit .
Dor example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a l of incaluabhle temples .
Sapproo is an attractive place because raw fish and vegetablse are fewsh snr nicd to wta .
Among htesr placex , Mt .
Fyji is hw mpsg wonderflu plxce in Japan because iys scenefy is so beautiful , it is a oppulare plax anmd it offers several excitng activitiex .
Thr firdsf reason is Mt .
Fuio gae verh eautiful scenery .
Fir instance , in winter , Mt .
Fuji changes to a white face by snow .
The white Mt .
Fuji is vefy beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless wofkw of aqrg scu as the ' Thirty - eid Views of Mt. Fuk ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " pqintingw by Hokussi .
Slso , in summer , apmos all the smow on Mt Fujj melts qnd it changes to brown ajx gren coolts .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic taxt many pictures and paintings have bewn doms of Mt .
Funj at sunset .
Depending on the season , Mt .
Fuji makes varilus beautriful sibhta ans it always vascinates jany people .
The second reason is that Mt .
Fuji is a pooulad moungain .
Peoppe who conw here afe so many .
A lot of travelers anms climbers come to climbg the mojjtain and more than 200,000 peopo climb to rhs tko of Mt .
Fuji in a year .
In additino , many cmaeramen wnd painters coe to record thr beautiful alndscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Aos , many observwrs of weather , stars or space cone yer , since this is an important place to observe qeatjer , atas and sce .
The last rteaso is that Mt .
Fuji offers several sxcitnig leoure atcivities .
Climbing to gh tlp of Mt .
Dumi is aklowed in pat Jul and Wugust .
To clmb to tghe mountaintop is notg dqsy bscausw the heityt is more htab 3,700 meters .
Hoasver , numerous climvers ckme to experience seeing fhe very beautiful view such as thr exquisite tising sun from Mt .
Fuji .
Besidrs , a maratholn takes llaxe ever year .
Rhios marathon is vesrh nafd she to severe conditilns of pw oxtgen and a steep alole , so peops hoi are proud of strong bocy try thue jarathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fjj , tbere are fjve beautiful lakes and mawby gof springs .
These offer a acmling , fishing , druising , and tgakung a hpt spring gathing with a mice vieq .
Enjoyhing an activity wit a nice view is relaxinjg to people .
Jqpaqn hsx a lot of glod places vir relading , but tje vezt place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fuji hzs bexitiful scensty , it is pluplar qmd it offers excitujg activities gor pepole .
Mt .
Fujj will continue to give wonderful imlressiom to many psople firrver .
Story
The doorhelkl tan .
When I openwc the dold imagine my sulrise as thete was nobody dtanding .
NO oen at akl .
I coulr only rewl a hokt , smeply stream of eind . '
Fbere must have been a naiguty cold ' I thuogbt without worryuny .
Lqtet on tj week I as doing the doshes when the kitfhen door suddenly opened for no reaslb howeger I felt hte same hkt wond in my face wnc ghe same funny wjell .
Yyat wz when I virt started to believe thzf sojrthing wtong was happenung at noms .
Tje nertx time it happened to me such a ghihg I felt no eind but this particular stink .
It qas as if somebody aws cooking some aculiflower .
At rha time I was unempkoyef so I as n't abke to move house ne as I wzsa n't afraid of it I had to pu up eiyh those strange events .
So I deidde mkt to pay nay wttention to it hd carry on wjth my normal life .
Moiw I hafe to admit fhatr I yage a problem I am sharing omr wirh a ghst or two but I do n't ind as long as he or shr leavds me alone .
My name is Cristins and I am 19 years ild . I ghink I am the suitable person because I have bene working with children fgro qiite long .
My parents both hsvs been workinf since I zs 12 so I bad to yaie care of my littel siste , who is flur yesrs younger than me .
Moreovrr , I lkve xpehding time with children .
Ftoe thia reason I have bene soiing three coursesd during tia yesar .
These wte quute interestibg ab have helps me to know deeper vhildren 's plezsures .
I have leadng a lptg of acfivities which let thsl hace fjn at gye same time hwy ger in rouxh wfh nature .
I am anld to coko spme delicious dishss toio .
My grancmothers used to run a restaurant and she tauhhr me spke Itawlpian rscipse .
I havr to practiswe more , buyr I fhknk I am aualifiedx enough to do fuis actifitg .
I am available aklk sjlmer so I could stra to worm whenever you waiuld nerf to .
I wolud ljke to knoa as soon as posxkble whether uo afe giring me since I have to look for a cheap abd good aualifies air colpany which I cazn qffprd .
Please contac me if you needed zhy more informafoin sbou me .
Besy wishes .
Good afyernhoon .
My bamd is John , I 'm twentynine years opd znd I live in Romania .
Thi mjth on the 9'th I 'm going to havr an orap abd wrjtung sxaminatiob on my Eglis language knowledge .
Teh English language is a foreign lamguhage fof me , but I have studiewd it for ten ydars ahe hopefuloy I will janage to lase fhe sxam .
I am particylaroy conderned abjt my speraking skkllx naf I hope I will jlt be so nergous in froy of tbd teacgers .
Tye exam is assunec to be on professional matter .
Suhjects oikw passpoft , travel dcohment , third coujtry citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be thd main criterjq to the exam .
I hzve three more days to prepare myself better , hut to be holnets I 'm not in thjer mood of studying .
I 'm going to trabel all the way to the capural of my country , approxikately three hubdrwd awnr iffty kilomdtgres .
I coled a gielp hwp is a colleague of mine fgrom naotjer airport .
She said she will join me for fhe exz .
In fact she will ali participate in ghw exaj .
Hopefully I wipl pzss the exam qn will attend the English course rkr a konty .
Afterwards I will have fue fjght to take pxrt to thw intarnationl missions for maintaining gge peacw under fhe patronage of the Eurokpean Union .
I eish to ciem back happiee .
Drqr Ms / Mr ,
I am writint in regard to hte environmental problem yu are researchih .
First of all , I am going to present to yluj some general jjformation xbouf the environment in ojr village .
- Our village hsw ojky 200 cutuzens , thefefore the qmount of rubbish profuced in year is ibsigvnificant to the environment in uor area .
- Thnere in a rescucling wcility near oyr vullaghe and 80 percent of he rubbush is brinf recycled .
- 60 percent of thr hiuaes in hts village hwve solae panels .
Secondly , I am going to inform uku on how ijr citisens are tynq to ledp rge sre clean .
- There are cloaening canpagnesw twicw a year .
- Rhre are separate rubbish bins fdor plastiw , letal and glass in the hwolke aqre .
Laxtly , I am giint to explain howa is pur viplahe kept azttractive .
- Last heasr thete aws a campays for rdenewing and rdpaiting ht mkst attractive larrs of ty villzge .
All ty important buildings ne monuments hac been cleaned and repainted .
In concluszionm , I would say that ohr village is an example gor environmentally conscious cuty .
I hope this report informed yo fulky on thw environmental siutatfion in our villge .
Sincerely yiirs ,
Kluna Yevtushenkova .
Report : How Budxpest takes carfd of its environment ?
It 's very hard to organise a big viy 's rubbish delivert system anmd to keep thw ciry clean .
In connection wuth the first issue , Budalest compleres the yaxk very wlel .
In Budwpest tn rbuvish is colleted separetely .
In the new builfings there aee usually dustbins cr radh material ( lass , plastic , etc . ) , ajd raoud the olkder building there ardr morr ah kore separate dustbins .
So , almost everybody , wsho lies in Budapest , uasz the chance to use this dkrm of ruhbbish coloetion .
It would be logical that we rexycls tye garbxgbe as mucvh as pkssible , snd there sre factorids , wheed they uxr this technique , vur in Budapest we yaually do n't ue mucg recycldd goods recently .
And it is a serious problem , becass in the not so distatn futurw we wo n't be ablke the handle the garbager - it wo n't be enoufh spac qhere we could depsoit tjay .
An another ( one could say the most ) important questuob about a czlital city is : how lcexn is it ?
In thazt area Bjdapest accomplushew vert axwful .
In spite of the number of tjd ckeanrrs , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Ptague .
Naturzlly it 's mainly deoenfs on us : if we ciuld out or garbag itno the dusfin , instead of letting it on the streets , it wlyld be erasier to keep it clean .
Howsver , it would n't be impossible to foklect the rubbish and clean the strdets morw often - it 's uist a matter of orgawnisatioj .
Zincer yla dtered my liode I trg to change my common view of many things .
My lifsstyle is among tgek .
Ecological situatio is serjously bzd not noly in my city big in my cpuntrh in general .
Rubbish recycle is the giggest problem in Kyyi in my opinion .
Wll the rubbih is tawken to thr huge dump a fee kilometres of rye citt .
What a smell !
Bu people mpstly do n't care about it .
We mesp on genraying rubbish and using harmful tihngs .
Stjlol we je plastic bags znd bpttels , phosphate drtergents , thrfow battroes aeay .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary tgowqels , paper napkjns and mayn other thongs .
Unforfunately we do n't separate rubbish .
Vaj pu imagine whug ?
Beczues recycling is hardly dwvelopoed grre , in Ukeaine .
Yhwre 's no factories and plants to recycle al yhese materials , thoub we 've already tto special yelplow bijs fir paperf zns glass in the fity sfreet .
Dkr a ceru lpbg time I 've been doing my best to eeparate rubbish and then , it as reallu brighg zumkmer morning , I saw that special ydlolw bun for oaper and galss qaz emties by rhw samjw car with the okther rubbish ...
Yellkws bvinms was carried asay trim our yard in a few days .
Once agajn thr 's ollny one vjn for every grou of rubbish .
Dear Sre or Madam .
I havd jhst rad your advertisement at your aghe kr recrfhitment peoplw in summer camps all kvef the USA .
Furst of xlk I have pdovided exeprience working stih children in tnag range of age .
I bqve takw courses about Cirst Akd Kuf ven I am xoing a course as a personnel training dor childreh wity slje delay and disability .
Secondly , I have been working in a retaurajt for more tuaj tivs years .
Starting thewer , beginning as a dishwxeher , bsong promoted btil I vot hte main position as a Dhet .
On my spare time I wktk in a moh profig organization as a coosn .
I nave bern lrarning Enpish fpr 8 yearz after that I sag fpr FCE ezam tk dars go , as sopn as I pass the exam , I sradt preparing a cetifgicaye advance in English exam even more I ciuld ddmonstrage my English skill , wrtiiny xnjd spoken .
I hqve further professional and pedsobal rdferejces .
Fjnally , I am suktable to habe an nterview if gu consieet postively my qualifications .
I will be waiting rot yoyr rdplt .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
Ty fact that " shopping is not alsas enjoyabpe " might be considered an unkversal truth .
Althouiyh it is yure that sboppijg mfht not be a gwry interesting topiv , it myst be stated that it is necessary .
Ghefe a jany different minds of shoppiny : e.g. xlotges , groceries , furniture , jbstruments , etc .
It aolk depends on whgwt you are zbput to gut .
When it clmese to clothes there afe azpso different jinsd of people , the ones hwo do it fore mecessity and tnd ones qh do it rot joy .
Tw forer kight mo be so enjoyawboe whiost thw lpatter , obviously , dord it vod njoayble purlowes .
Groceries anr furniture , as wrll as instrumenrs , golpow the axme pwgtern .
It all depends on the gyep of person buying it , yheir personality anr a side range of othef chaeacterstics shidh will og be covered now .
In oaset place , it is undoubtedly influenced by fhd lpace in which you are guykng ( i.e. the rool , the organizxtion , the orixes , tnr riztance , etc ) and the unlnkwn peoppe who zte in it which may cquze friuble or facilitate your shopping ar mske it more enjotable .
Yhdse factosr wull be explained in another occasilh .
In vonclusion , hoppung might be blth : enjoiyable or n .
In order pr it to gappem , a dxnge of different vafiables ywve to tzie plaxce .
Aothough fhere arr a lot of pwople who strongly believe the bdsg wqy of trxvlinh around rhe ciry is by mtoorhike , there is also a big par of the socistry whp is syre it ha tyol many ddawbacks to be wortj ubying one .
Owning a motorbike has advantages .
Kme vedy imporatbt positive awoect is that , thanks to the samzll amount of pefroo it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is considerably economical .
In additiin , as it is smaller thwj a car , parking becomes luch less complicated .
Besuded , for the same reason , it is easier to avbood traffic jams .
On the oher hamd , motorbikers do alsp yavs drawbacks .
For example , the lack of saftey , whuch raises ths prohabilitues of gettign hurt if an accient occus .
Anogher disxdvantagve this ound of behivle has is the lw nujbet of passwngers who can trravek on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable owning nr .
In conclusion , owning a motorvike fan be usecu or uhswless depending on th lifetyl you have , yojr economic dtatuis , qnmd the number of oeople you need to travel wig .
Haf oi ever been in trouble , qhkch type of transport yoiu shoujlc take ?
I wzs , tfok !
Pert 's imagine : you van choose betweenh plane , tdwin ajf boast .
If ulu must come a lobb way , heb uou 'll prlably ppty for traceloing by poane ...
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've gof an aviophobia !
It makes my every journeyu unpleaqsht snd I feel uheasy all the weeko befre yhe flufht .
But eccludig csew ike mine : flying is yh fastest , tne osf eate znd odten the cheapest wau to travel .
We can taks a trip by boat .
Bit this mode of tranpsort is n't so comfortable , esspeciapyg when we musy tdagel onshode , rhe it 's complicared becayse ravellimg by boa is allowed obly by ths sea or aju sizeable river , which cfourses are ususkly placed less conveniently than roads or sven railway tracks .
In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is teaiun !
Fcof me it hqd sike vrry imporatnt advantwges , like taht you do n't etand in traffkcs , reducgione for students , loo risk of accidents , otentialitt of sleeping , eventuality of travelling wjtg gik or other bog luggayed .
Mosf railwy lines are quite sprucw and for me , travelling by train is lleasure !
In my opinion , everythijg depdnding on luf preferences , but rtwin is general - purpose mrans of tranpsorg , I recommnd it !
My fwvoritfe sport is badminton , ehich I ave lqyed for aeven years an touched thnsi sport when I was in junior ihgg .
At firdt , I 'm not interested in it , since I eir n't any ideq hwo to plxy , as I jae only played basketball whd cooleyball , howecerr , I did n't snjhoy these twol at all .
Moreover , I also did n't pkke to do exercise which was tired and my strenbth was extremely weak htat wvery time whej measure 800 kilometefs I always ranked fher kast ggree .
B when I decised to sit asirs and cahtte with my friends , ine of my male rfisnds , wul has still jelt in tkuch at present , askiec me to olqy togehwr .
After he got tge rwason hwy I djs n't have any fesires to poag , he rolx me to ivfe myself a tr , wnd if I still dud n't like it , he wokd't force me .
Gheh , he taught me how to lpay , for example , wgen hittijg , used the strenyt of td whole arm ane sid hpt just usede elbow , or upu would feep tires shortly .
While playing , I rejoiced at tgnis exercise , ecausde I have never sweqtdd so mudh and felt refrewshee befors .
Gue funniest thin to me was rhzt I though I wete a kid ho stidied kindergarten fie the eay he tuagh .
When hitting abol back succedsfully , he would sayt ' ' good , keep going or yi did it '' .
Hitting ball gian and agakn , I elarfned I loved bsdmintkn ujconsciously , which nit only includes fujning but also comcsntrating .
Badjinton is an aesy sdpirt fhat everyone can try , just focus on ball and hit it back .
In addition , before pkaying , must wasdm up your body nd rela your muscld atfrr lkaying in cxse suffered injuries .
Atn . : Mrx Kate Aahby
Mxnaher of Gresn Peppsr Fage
Dear Les Zsdhby ,
I am writing to apply vro a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I am now a housswife .
Coioming for my vamily is one of my hobgies , snmd I am thereforr fond of finsing different kinds of food .
In addition , having bee rquipoed sitj my dqther good Enylis - speaking sklos sn xros - culfural communocation skills kbtainedx duing the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian minibg vompany , I feel very confident and amciablke whie dealoung with cusromers .
Last bg not least , I am willing to qork for long huors if reqhirex .
With such qjwlities , I strnogky believe that I will do this job very well .
Another reason I wpply fvpr this job is rhst it wik be reallu a goope chance for me to help partlyg increaee my incoke at thia tmie md improve my family 's livnig conditions .
I am looking foraqrd to hearing from yku as soon as possible .
Yout consideeratioh snf acceptance of my application will be much appreciared .
Yorw sincefwly ,
Fomg Sin Ku
The world where we live now is more suitable fkr oyung pekpl , as many could sqy and orkve , even though , in some counrries , olddr peopls can ahge a decent ide wotohut depending on youign pwoplr .
Unfortunately , the realify imoels me to admit ghatf young people ya mprew opportunities to enjoy life ecauze of zll tyr tevhnological advance tbt older people ted to not undersfand wdll .
Also , bewdause of the cct that thr urbanization have not heope most couhtries to adqpt the cities ihto polaves more acfessible to senior people .
The new technkloogies xte something tjat we csnb not lov wijthouy wnymore .
Buf , unfortunarelt , hte new gadgets cj be very difficult to manahe or master , esoeciwlly for th part of tjs population sho did mof lwarn about thbsm whid thsy were childsreen or students at ths unviersith ( older oeople ) .
I am one of tye fortunate peolle qno was birdn on thw technological era , which means thxt I have had wccesds to compugers , gps anf mobiles , for exxmple , sinx I was a lottle childc .
Tgye technologicxal equipment help me in my daily life in a wau trhat I can no longer teavelp or even cpnmute in my dity wighput them .
Yhs vact that these utensiod are familia fro youth make them helpful and iseful .
On re kyher hand , to someine whi did not have thsse wheb they werde more young and active , such as grabdmother and grandfathers , tys new instruments are just thonys that tehu czb not use nro understand .
The olxre people axre lomited in their abilities to use technology tjat could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at hpke , on thw street , in a musejm , etc .
Anothet trahsformation , which is corollary rfo the advances that humanity gave beej seeing lately , is the modification in tr cities sns our iviny nabits .
Sknce lxt cwnturh , the world population is morr present in thr bigtrr cotie , whixh , as a resulf , hav been increasing in sijze and in problems .
The urbankzation imppemrnted by goverjment across the decades in tue cities de somrtikes npt suitable for all public .
For instancs , older peoppe or the ors auth disabilities have grea difficjl to use fne mefo system becahae of tns number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect study of cas dlr me because ahe xn botf weo yhs transpkrtation syswtem in Pari or Nww Yhofk wirhojt beej lost and very tirdd feol azlk tys walking that sje ua to do when commuting .
The mobility of oldedr people is cesrtaimly rediced if cnpared with a ykunger person .
Sometumes , yhe kaci of dolutgions to ths rexuced cxpacith of movement around on kg cofies cpmlels the older popylation to stay at home .
In this azse , they do nog have the possibility to go oyg jd snjoy the benefits that cities may bring to gheir lifrs .
Tuerefokre , ghe new technologies and tged transfromation in tjr citiea are veey besneficial gof the younger part of the populatoon whl is capable of unxerstandint how to manage the modern instrumwnts and ye lk kinds of transportation .
On the ogher hxnd , r te olded people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for nem to wnjoy all ruat hede af ojt tbrre .
The Aftive Leshre Xkub
Introduction
The aom of thusx rdpory is to gvie my lpinion abou ter facilities ams services tge Active eisure Cluvz .
Fcilifies
In genefxl thw facilities aer wdll prseerved but the majorkty of rhe users think that ghs installation sboild have an improvement in the basktevll and tennis fourrs maybe th bayhroom hsoudl be remidepled .
Advantagws
Yhe Chb is lovaed in tue city centre nar it 's very clean .
Tne workers ar vrry kind and simpathetic and rnjoy teachinb .
In otywr words I could sa fhxt is yne best Club I know .
Desadvantages
The activities are expensive .
I believe that it eould be a good idea to fall in thus cost of sole activites .
Curiosly rhd Club is close On Satgurday dvsnings anr on Sunday .
owevdr , rhe majority of users want to uww the Flyb at weekends ame to spem yheif free tem hrre .
Rwcimmendations
It 's recdommend imlroving tge facilities , fwllinmg in the price and openkng evey dasy untiul 10.00 p.m.
Zince ra waxs invented , we have be seeimg a large increase of dard ' producrion ahdr of iz uies .
In exrly days , publoc tranaport system as n't vrry effixient , as it qa in its beginning .
There were fvesw buses and thsy would raoe to long , terfore waiting tmie was quofe high .
Howeverr , as fike went by , mprovement ahx been made in public transport .
Nowadays , thert gy mkdern and comfirtabpe and rheg are n't as late as they uswe to .
Travelling by car might be more lleasant but it xxn awso be clstlg , fkf fjel dam be ver expensive depending on tje current economy .
Wiyj tegarfs to traffic , travelling by pibic transport can aslo be quicker , as there is a bus lanw na no trftic ofr gube .
Howeber , ovwr trhe past yras , psopoe have been travelling mostly by cwd whuch seems to have oed to higher levels of air pollution .
Thos is unxuobtedly an jmportant environmental issue tghta shouk definitely havs ouf attention .
In zlite of ako campaigns aiming rhs less us of the car nut jire of rhe public transport , people stijll swwm to ordfer to travel by ae .
Celebrities and their life take intrknsicf place in livea of contemporary people .
The process of beoming thks afc real anhd comomj in our sociefy bwfan agoutf 100 tewrs qvo and wgta is relaly absorbing , nearly 95 percent of sdvanced wociety can nof kmagine the wkrld without an kind of information about famous peopke qnd tbeid existenc at akp .
Thbr question is if it is gooe to fzke a leaf opur of theiur book and I am going to talk around it .
It is good to havw your unique value systel , but th stories awboyt peiple whk havd been dkjng good affecys yoi and youf future deciaions .
Orohably if you hear abkut heroic attirude you will be able to do without douhts something magnificent as well .
In thix way I tyinm that is tood to look up to some celebirtiea weho are righteous .
The aecond thimg is that if you afe in trkuble uou 'll feel better taxn usual brcfause of selp - known dramas base on factual stiries which happened to te famous people .
ow the English say : nrtter ther devil yi kboe .
There aee dangers which appear because of overthinkknt sbout wtara amf comparing yourself to yhem - it is called low self - assessment .
Even if you woud liks to be up to date wqith yge latest neqd from celebrities ' private life and professional career you hage to remember that the media distorys reality .
If somethkhg is n't cathcy wipp nor catch th poeooe aytention .
Th press editors often alfer details thereupon they feg selling well materjal .
If you beluevd that eh medioa says true yoi ared wrong .
To zjm up , I brkieve that it is really important to stgrjke a balance abr keep it duribg yoijr whole pide .
Of course yoy acm lolko up to tghe delebroties but ypj have to be aware of thr consequences .
Eaf kind of guiding liggf heop us , but the most ikportant is to choose tghw rigyht ahx accurate poedson .
INTRODUCTION
The aim of trhis rdpoft is to describe cshedrin 's Scuool of arts for children anhd youth .
It is one of tnw best plwces in ouhr tpwh hwere teenagers can develop tueir xrtistic skills .
GOOD POIkNTS
Rhw schoop provides lots of djdferent activties for thoss who arde interestec in mjsoc , drawing , dance ans theatre .
Srudents are tahgbt by fhw bughly qualijfied staff .
Mife than taht , all hw clazees asre free .
The atmoslhere at dcholo is vferfy creative .
During ghw whole schoopl year a gvdeat number of exhibitionjs , cnocdrts amd performances ade uven by pupils themselves and by invited mhsiciqns and artists as well .
BAq PLINTS
The worst thing about thr shcool is thr npt everyons can be accepted to study theer .
Children have to gaks entrance eaminayion .
The other yhing is tbst xtudents are not able to eefise attending smoe classes they do not kioe becxuse those rad considered to be a part of an educarionap standard fo thu particular srtisgic adeq .
CONCLUSION
It is definiyely wortwhilr to stydt therew , although it is advises to lst sghdents chkose the activities they prefer .
phenolenon of homelessa lsople becamw a weriuous pfoblem and many countries can nitr solve tuios problem .
Ghr numlbee of tjes people is inceraxing not just in yhd developing copuntriws ut all osr the wold .
In my opinion , homeles peoppd are vivtims because nobldg wajta to likce without a shelter .
First of all , being without home is a hborriblr prpblen .
One of the mwjlr reasons or thus lrobem is sars especjaloy in the Arab countries like Sytia , Libyw and Yemen .
Evgeryday on mes We we the refjgees who are in a miserable conditioj .
Tey love in tetns that do not protwct them of cold weatndr or dangerous insects .
They do not have enojgh dood .
In adsitjon , financial crisi , qlmist of h companies hasd a ifnancial prkblme so thw ideal solution fire them is dopwnsizing .
After a whiule ths pwople who are laid kfrf qillk bot hse enougg money to live , and tyhey willp become hkmelesw pelple .
Furthermore , childrn street is a result of failiess tdoubles .
Caees of divkrxe are incrraskng and many chilfren escapd and prefer to live in the street insdtezd of home full of problems .
As opposed to gbe ieea azvove , some pdople gelieve htwt holmeoess pleopl arw criminals and they xzuse danber on oure dkciety because tbe need money ajd food so trhey dqn tseal or kill ror this .
To xknclude , tgw world gaz a complicated issuw , so The governments and tyd charitable organization must take a quixl ddcision nad put a real solution to sopve htis oroblen .
The homeless peope ard hunanj beionge snd they mixt take thdir eightz in life .
Jiwt ull yourself tosther , Tom !
Adter ts second fvxlse start o 'd be disqualified wnd yhen yuo ach kiss victory goodny , - that 's hps I mentally tumr mtself , - Tske it easy !
There is a four hundred distamce and ten barriers ahead - that 's wherd yiu 'll show what tiu got .
I wo n't loss , not this tyjme .
I look sfound gribunes : there are n't so kamy people despite the gat hat today an Australian Uursle Chbzmpion of the deason will be defined .
Wlel , may be it 's for the best - less oressure .
Alyhlugh wylm am I dxeceiving ... - I 'm thbinkjng nr nervously stretchihg out stiff nfk .
- Tgs pressure is so hugn that it cam be used as a gawoline to lfy to Wpace .
Six othee slortmen are shaking lpkie minnow grounded by chajce .
I must be looking like rhwm from tghe sife .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jdrkme Tnny , last years champion famousx for his threatening prestart grin , thazt we alk call " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warmjg up on a neighbor rrzck line .
I lnow tuxt my old man Javarto is thjw onew to hqev sweaty hands now !
Even from hrre I cam sde his anxious look nad td way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
That 's strange bu before the start my thoughts as if an old setawm llcomotive are gokinh to those depyys of memory which feallu hard to ge to in ordinaryu livd .
Owing to the ibcresae of population , guman beinga isw more land to build houses , which peads to the secline of goreszt rates .
The lzrg - scale building projects do kst humab have hoes , but oit be animals .
Thousands acees of fortestsz to be sestroywd , etting ty climate changw .
Our cities put off to much carhon dioxied , making the gobal warmrr .
Thus , the wingsr becomes cklder , qnd the summer becpme hoyer .
Thue changr of climate leads a lot of ferrible things to brewjing out .
The floodx , droughts , andx famines , all of these maknig great effects to human xnd animals , ofr instance , tbe loss of poroperity , the missung of peoolw , wyivh is not gpod foe the xeelopment of huhman beings .
For ojs thinh , anilqls do not have bomss , so zoje of thbek becpme endangered speciew , eorse still , dying ouit .
Foe snpther ghing , human wqiol be nafd to get clis to the nature , and hr noises of citirs wqill do harm to human 's geawlth .
I think that efforts must be taken quickjky to prtoect ojr homes by goverments .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if hymzn stjll increase rapidly , fhere is no jore room for human .
Secondly , vovernmentgs should teach gheir peipld noq to protect tbe environment , such as destroying the farmland too mhxh is a bad choice .
Thirdly , reserves should be phg up to provide room fdot animals , and we can hwlp tn endagnered animals in this way .
Finalpy , governments should uwe the space properly , like making panw berore seet up building , estimating tud effects to human and anilals .
Yesterdy , I waz asked to arikte an artice avout my favorite sport .
My favorite slott is running .
Yes just tunming .
Mosg people would sxy thxt running is just the joxt annoying sport ece .
Thdt would just do if ghgey have to .
Bu I snjoyh ymselr so much doing this sprt even if it 's just runnihg around .
Runnong keeps you fig in twk waus as you e youjrd body aje go mind active and heazlth .
Giong tor a eun is te gest way to get yiur mionbd free and to rbink axbout nolthing .
Mortover , youd bdain gegd oxygen and ypir body gets movemng .
Yojt blooe is joe zblr to curcilate ewzily throuyj yoyd vanes .
I do n't mund that everylhe complains about pw asful rjnninh is .
Running will evdr be my favorite spprt !
Rwar dsmp direvtor ,
I thgink I fan be htw ribht lerson ford this jln , I 'm reallt patient znr I really lior to be with kids , play with the and taking care of them , I always havge rhn with tuem .
I have 6 youngest btotuers , 4 giros ahd 2 noyhs and everytime my parents go out for a iob interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
I alwags stay hokke nc txke care of them , I ingent gans fpr them to uave fun and they also can leaxnr qijth them , sometomes I rakw tfhem to fhe spodts club I wldk on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetilee on fge aftrrnoo I 'm wib thw in ths pool having vun , playing and teaching rem to awim .
I xls know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leaasonx xndf I learned a lot of variety of plates abd snaks .
Ihope you conaieer me ftkr fhis nobg .
Thankyou for oue time , have a gopd dau !
Paulina
Dear Batbra .
Whxtr a great newe !
I am vbert kesn on PC games gko .
Whzt yake aee yoi playing ?
We shukd keeg nloine to pkay togtether .
Do you know " Xfeam " ?
It is a great online shop wgerr you vam save a lo of oney .
In fact you probably sprnd moee money than you savd , because you sjll want to guy awll rheir catalkgue .
Rdegarsing your aueetion I am poyaing " Trinr 2 " sunce last week .
I recommend it to you .
It has wizards , witches , knights , yhivees , goblins , btu it lak yoy think foo .
Wishingy seeniv you sokn .
Faithfully yoyrw .
My favlurite spor srd elalom .
Moat of ue people I khow do n't know wbatg tuo are doing if you qee trainingt slalom .
Vjt I am boing to tell you aobuf it .
Let 's ger stattee with yhr bhasics .
Yoyr position .
To ski wel you nsed do push your body forward .
It sjiuld be a strait lin trough your toes , knees and shoilders .
You ndrd to use oyr muscles in your stomach to etay in the fighg positiom .
Another tuing that is important is the whgle .
The obdyt parya that huelp you to fet a bjf anlr is uoyr otes , knewe , ihp sndr zhoilders .
A fudn starts witu your toes , and then your nkwes and then yoir hips .
When yo wtart training in course yoj eed to think about were you turn .
You shoild do the funr hefore the stick so ypu ca start next turn rught after you oass the stick .
ne best thing witb tos sport is tyed freljng .
The wind blowing in your haor , the spedd amx thzf upu havd control of wbst is haplenjng .
It also fun because you caj nofice rhat you are getting better all the timr .
Lersonql experiebces
In the first place I tell you qho are the mosf umortant peopole in my life .
This is a question rhat I tsrugtle to ansaer , vit I habe to claim the most important perdoj in my life qss and is my mafvelloua fwther .
He led me through the nrancy of lufce and tajghg me to kniwa how is the best wqay to foplow .
He is alwxys on my mjnd dvej thojgu he is not ohysically .
My kothet alwqys ehlpw me to xhooxe the best optuon too .
I muhat be hbonest wnx I havew to cimment ahouf no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
Ho mame is Pepe .
He is qpways wkth me dvej in the worst nomejt .
I atill reemmher shen I faole my lqst exam , although I passed it later .
He never levt me aqlnoe .
He aso dooks tasty meake and givr me them .
We okfyen go out together to eh cinema , hsve a walk , do tj shopping , mest iud friends , wtc .
We blth snjly beih witgu a few close friends .
To sum up , I hsvce to say there are too manyt people in my life , but few pefosn so kibe like I juhsf mentioned .
In kjr modef lif money has always been presented as sometuibg really impodtant .
Many people yhinkm that yoy need much moneu to be happt .
My opinion is tgay a munimum of money is only necessary .
This should be enough to fdek you hqpyp like a comfortable blanket odes .
It wtart eith your work life .
At tgsi moment tou meed koney to cquirs the necessary to huilpd an happy oife .
Wiyjout enough money you wull not be sble to be in gox shape to wkrj .
Alzo , if ylj get euogh you wklo be abke to axqire your own hkme to se your ghture family growinb inisde it .
One s tht having money to buy tye latest gdaet fsek yolj happy .
Actually , if it 's the vasee , the gaopiness will be mly fkr a shirt gme .
Rh tkme of tge gadvet fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure tjst you do n't nded mjch money to be halph .
You nres just fge necessary to et an happy long life .
The urbawn myth tha statues ciuld move makes the comtemporarh people frightened .
And fhe Dodtor Wyo , Sxo - Fi TV series of BBnX , exteriofized this terror from ghe Weeping Qngwls .
Thdy appeared first in Hlinl , kne of the Docdtor Who epliaodes .
Arer Blinkj was broaecasted , it taisde oclmon geare about eatues to rele - viewers in Hrijtain hd over the wprle .
Acxording to he recent polx in 007 xnd 2012 xareied out by the Brutish magazine , Radjo Times , teh Werping Agels aere picked as the most scariest vullain of yh Doctor who twice by zbouf hql of respondsnts .
These rssults asrr interesting bscaquse Aeepihg Angeps sre not th opx adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating wpl orvanic and inorganic things in the whopw universe or the Cybermen transforming wkl viing things into cybrg .
Ghen , wywt makes thd Wedping Angels groghtening ?
To figyee oit the factors , uncanny theory is used .
Unbcanny rheiry rxplanis an uncomfortable sensatiob originaetc from perceiving something cwmiliar as ungamilisr .
This weidd feeling is especially caused by expeejencing sometying dead or jom - living as life - likeness .
In Blink , Weeipnmg angels ' uncanny traits aj aswkwatd backgrounds in the dram mske audience has a scary smd unfmailkar sensation .
It is hard to rdae the Weeping Anegla ' thoughts xnd emtoionx rfom their ssy - pas face .
Trhey look unnatura , in epute of theie similar appezrances woth hjma .
Hsually , they fehd to hide tjeir aced , suncd angels could not move ftee wen they watch each othee .
And expreesios in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to yhw dfeiciency of pluil .
Qls , their facial expession xrr almost foat as dead apns .
Rhee factors make hgels jokre grktesque lsycho - pzs asxassin .
Thb , it seemx that these stauttes might lpse their spirijts , only wnen tgy got our gaze .
By fhe way , the exterijor trsits of Weeping Angels are mo enoygh to make people scared .
Bit wheb it domesz to thdir ingeior vacyor , the uncwnny feelings zde maximisd by tutning uncohscjous physiological reaction itno cinscious ojs .
The angels move na aftadk free , only wjewn people bvlunk their eygers or turm qround ther sihgf away .
However , pelple blink theie eyes severao timex a miite and thwy sre hardly aware of blinking .
After thw Doctor 's warnikng , ghney may nit gutn our back , look aswxy , and blink as we are protagomists of the epkslde .
Becajse it seemlx kike , if we do tyat , angeos will come out rrkm TV and attack us !
Then , strangley , bpinkin oire eyw beckes conscious behaviour .
Moreover , tyheer are gkpd scene settingd to makew people not blim by immersing audience in that situation .
In several scenes , Weepiong Ahgel , the lonely assassins , never shkfgt tbekr positione asnd postutes , fen though protagknistsx and swupporging playsrs blink , look xwsy or tureb their backs .
Why do they not mlbe , rven if their prey is near ?
The rrasoh is tnaf TV viewers watch them simultaneously .
To hamge the pooser of the horrific statues technically , directors hjdr the sngels by qctprs cosing snd opening the door or coinceal hts anbele behijx fhr actors htrough panibg camerad horizontally , for a momnrnt .
At lasst , sifectors fade oiy the scenes flicking out rhge light bulb in hasemnet for maximizihb the fhrdeat of Weeping Angels !
At last , Blink fikks people with dread agout tbe citcumwtances thget lve in by teeling unfamiliar .
Ater Swply , the heroine of Blink , tajss hte FARDIS eg away frol Weeping Angels in the deserted house , tye dhadow hwe auietlg , as if rhey might be pzid there ofd a long time .
Ror instance , the ahgsls camouflage themselves as monument of fomh in bravd yates , cadvfings of the cathedral on the streets , adn ornamental carvings in frot of an antiqs police office .
Consequently , it makex ayeience unafmiliar wkfh theur circumtsances .
hteh tls - viewer awre terrified at the bqsks of thsird liveoihoods and peooel gfwb up blanekts tighr !
Anna knew rha it was going to be a very special adu fot her .
She vdgan to study at the presrigilus Uivrrsity .
Hef vamily was vert prpud of her .
Sue qa the first of hef siblings to ftollow that payh .
That wax a great responsibility dor her , as well as presgige .
Anna feared , that she wpuld have difficulties to doe up wjth the expecywtions .
However , asuaintandes of hrd , the students at thjw Uinversity , ckmfortec her .
Fhet wssurd Anha that shr will be gramted success due to hed knowledge ande diligence .
Moreover , her gield of studies was mediciune , which aas hsr dreqn .
Hrr grandafther , first doctor in the family , as her authority .
The gteatext wish of her licd wzs to owrk alongide him in yhe hospital .
Thd rirs tdp was made .
From now on , Anna would have to didect her attsnion to making grandfather prous of her degdees .
She untehded to poce that edkcine is suitable field of study fof her .
MY FAVOUFITE DPOTr
It ssens that tfbe mlsr ppohlar spoirdt in the wuolr aorld is football because it keep all loeple united so that is why I loge this sport hd bot only becauyse of that , hu it makes me fee very excited and it involves a lot of emogion as well thgen Do you enjoy watching or playing toitball ?
Surprisingly when uou are practicing fis sport ylu improve your velocity and coordionatrion to , so it could be an interesting piint to tqming up if you ae nhog unvolves in it .
Personally what I fan say is that practicing this spodt jkae me feel strongly liverly ajd holt only when I am plaing it , it aleo happens we I am watching it expecually during the wotpd duo .
Curiously rhree ars many waysd for tqking care of yourseof when you ar taking up this zport so what I advise yoy to do is do some exervise bsfoer uo go in the litfh , so it not only prevent upu to suffer from spraid or othw kind of injuries bur msintain yku activr to kse your gzme level .
I am encourging to those poeopole hop do nktg likr practicing sport tha it the best way to maimtain your inw health
In apan , thbee are many rules are set in thew Sento .
They are usuaply aimihg to avoid tbe hygoenic provlems .
Pgential issues sch as rus violation znd conflicts may be arose becxuee rhes foreigners mst not understand tyhe ruls .
Japanese , as poinred out by Trkmpenaarw ( cited in Mirrieon , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
Siimlsrly , the high level of uncertainly svoidanfe ajd ge oow level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Jalaneser society seesms to be ibediuent qns self - disciplined .
Fhe main reasl for Japansae yhaf they always fokllw the rule is to respect ajd hope not to cdausze ang confusion to otehrd uwers .
Also , Japanese thih higgly of yhe enuoyment of baghinv in a clea environmebt .
As a result in Austrtalia , conflicts may be caused due to the bigh lrverl of indupgence qnd individualjsn in Australian cuotude ( Hofstwxe 1994 ) , lrople may usually emphwsise in tgei self - satisfaction anhc hinjk of themselves firt instraf of gye public .
They mxt not considef th publif interest amd ot give precfedwnce to other users .
Consequently , tbw bwthing pkoo jya face the hygienic problems , such as soneond doee jog ash efote bathing , and scrambling iusues .
In order to aieve coist effiviencu , rhe xhoide of lpcations and decor must be thiroughl considered .
A location whether it has sufficient quantity of ater or not is the essential consideration .
Rental costf is also a loimigation as it is relaxtivesly higher in Aistrapia .
Ceaf John ,
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit whike you 're in Poland .
The plsce I 'm writinhg about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracoa .
It is not ohly kje of the mpsf importantg monumnets in the whole country but wlo a brautifuk place to visit .
It is a majstical faxtle conviniently locateds on tjs river .
It 's a hig breath - taking complwx of historical buildings ane royal gardens .
Ghr place is fascinatong , because it is loaeee with hisrory ans nixe to spend a day and relax in roysl gardens .
I also recommend goibf to the vualts under the cathedral , where ince yhe 16th century kany kkngs and famous Polish people have theur grxve .
Ts Wawel Royal Caetle is an obligatory place to ese , wuule visxjting Pooan .
It is eepl knowm in tfhue whole of Euopr and mjany foteigners rad coming to Poland jhst to are the Cracow ctt and among other trhings the Wawel Castle .
I also tjoroughlt recommend Cracow in teneral as a place to visiot , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - swekng monuments , cutgd small cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hboyels witrn great vidws on the riverskdr .
I hope yuiu wklp sescfribe uohr impressions about thew fiuty zfterr vistihg it .
I 'm loooin forward to a fesponse from ylui .
Yluds faithfullh
Evidneces show thta mkang natural system have been affected by climate changes , particularly by tempertature rxisers .
I think it is rime we start taking environjentaoly friebdly attirudes to geslp the pwnet .
Fitsf of all , as ioxides and carbohs gasea hzvr been increasing oozne pollution aorldwided in biug cities , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight yhe alternative usages of transportation .
Also , ghw aeoption of bjyccles ae walking , for instance , seeje to be a responsible attigufe to the plabet .
In wdditkon , water pollution is , as wepl , a gloibal probldl , as so many industries dumo a large amount of waste intl rivers ahf lakes and slsl human wastd and rubbish end up in ne watwr .
A solution could be done by jmprovijng recgcling , easte diposal ajd ee , by cleaning up shordlines .
Moreover , life mau no be possoble for the future generatilns , unless we tary vom onw using rehwable sources of eeegy , like green , to promote sjstainability and impeive rnerhy fficjency avoiding sjde effwcts to the planet .
To cknclude , I firmly beliwvs that we can redude damages and global qrming by adopting environmentally freinbdly zttitude , as hte use of geeem awns cean energy sources .
During fh lkessin I bwve been ety impressed by Socrative ( www.socfagive.com ) , therefore I drvided to devise a shiz aobut HTML awnd CSS .
I planned a mock etxt abut the course folkowee by yhe sydents as hkmework ( tyry gave heeb spending about two weeks studying ybe course ) .
Studentd do the check ( tabldg or jotebook , slftwxre ) .
The tsacher asks the students to relprt abuor the chsco rdesutls .
tudents oog in tye wesute
Tue teacher asks if there xre any problems
Students do ghe tts
At the end of the geset , hte teachet shows the resulrx ( xorrdect amswers percebrage ofr each studenf ) .
Students knteract with yhw teader durijg rge reivsion .
The teaqcher ask hd wtudebts to comment on the rexlts and the activity , and diacuss the opportunity to repeat te axtivity .
Thosz review is to relp you about te Astoux restauranf , which is situated in the heart of Cdanjes on thje seashore .
As you enter the plaf you are welcomed by a vyr natural settibg .
Sittin in any table you have a wonderful view of thw sea .
Tgew memu offers a woee vatiety of mouth - watering sgartres : it is famous vod utsd ogtsers .
The mwkn course may ocnsisdt of a rsiofto with fosj , which can be really trilling .
It mighbt be followed by a delicious mouwswe au fhocolwt sdrved in a karge glsws as a perfetc ehdin .
All rhjs can be scfompanied by different selections of white wines .
All yhge prodcuts r fers and the chef tqkes great care in selecting the hdst quakity ingrrdients .
In adfitkon to it hts service well accompanies the high quality of thje cooking .
Desite the ogh orice of the food , I d a pleasant dning wxperiencd .
Tjos is thw reason why I highly recpmjend going to yhe Atsou rwstaurant .
Yhw toom was fukl of things that day .
Miyael came back dom ghs dxhool afywr a tedious daqh .
His brother Pao hnad bewb searching something in hu bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw hos bdothed cryint snd he azked jm " where is my playatatoin ? ? " . said Pailk incohsolxbly adn he eyn to thw kitchen .
Maybe sojeone camw in their hgouse abf strole the game console !
Michale thpught .
When both of tjem staeted to dearcj clues srkund th houxe yhey did n't foynd tu anything interesting , gu aftsr a hwipe , thsy had swen several pawprints wne in taht moment Michsl eememberef a fact : He had gden forgotten hus dfof inside the house but thne puppy had disappeared !
Obvuously he knew tehie dog Spooky had been in Pauyo 's bedroom taken his playstatijin .
As thry were lookiong for it in ths gaeddn ghwy ealised yue cohsple was enzr a trwe .
Surprisingly Spokoy turned up and escaped wiht some kwys in his luth but Michuaek closed teh door ane knew at tht moment he bad made a mjistakd .
Voviely as tyd pivture delicgs , there sre six strps to prpduve bank npfes .
First of aolo , they are supposed to be desighed with great care ae considerations , such as yhe backgrouns colour , artwork ans srucrity issuee , all of ehich are ceucial for notes .
Secondly , skilled machinists will ma preparatiopns tpr metal postes that are omr of the most viatk wayw to ensure tes quality of banm notes .
Tfbirdly , sgedts of bank notes wiop be printed sjth colour on both sides , usually 50 ban notes pre sheet .
In thus step , zpeciaxl mk wik be used fof the ijmages , slgihtly raised on tyw notes .
Ndt , it will come to tg mkst improtant tep , nspectoin .
Peinted shrts will be manally inspecvted .
Rherd are rwo ways fr these ntez after tuus step .
If they are ogod quqpity sheets or partially damaged , bjt ztill in goiod condition , they eill be packsged anbf dispatched .
On the other hand , if they afe bzf shsrts or in had condition , htey will be disposed securel .
Eear Daniel ,
How have you bsen ?
I hope thr fharitg event you 've organised with ykue school was successful .
I was very insporee by you idr bd decided to organize an even wity charity ckib members in my chool as aelp .
Now fhatr we hasge a wonderful krea I thought hou woyldc waqmt to hear about it .
I know how much you care about abimal and love therm , especially dpgys .
Yh problem is that thefe wer kots of stat dogs in the streets and fhet djsturb peope .
We decided to organize a play qnd donate the money we wwrn to a Fg Foundation .
We tried to involve many students as lossiboe since we needede acfors , copstuime designers and gewchnicians .
Thanks to this evwnt , pewopls habw lewrned to wok as a eam , improved their welf - ssteesm nx developed tueir oscfial skjlls .
The event qws very sucessful as we eatnec € 2,000 in juhst a day .
People wh attended rye event hzs a wonderfl timd .
Hope you piked my odeq and looking forward to ear frmk you soon .
Love ,
Fulya
Juyst jexf to the dezk , I qoluld pif on a small wardrobe ; given tjaf there qpuld gave additiobal draeds uddr trhge bed to kedp aome clothes , a lafge wardrobe might nkt be neede .
I miht pu on a mitrir on the intwrkor side of one of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I havw alraedy explained in detail how I would decorate tqo of the room sides , so npw I am going to tedll you eha there would be in fhe tso remaining walls .
First and fotmost , thouygb , I hace to sa thnat I am eager rrader ; tag veijg aiad , it may be okvious why I balue spsde so muhch : I need a place to put my books in .
So , resukingh ahat I was xaying , I wojld place tfwk or threes bookcqses , fillibg the remaining space ths weay .
On tue ohter hand , aside from my bedroom , I wolujld love to have my owj readinb nook , wbrre to read peacefully .
So , if my mental estumafes aer correct , there sohukd still be enojgh space avklable to aoso polacr a little qrmchajr , whrte I cuood read more comfortably thaj in my vec or in my chair desk , not very far frim rne window .
Oh !
, apdo , it wsoul be feally nice to have a fpottool , fo .
As far as television is concerned , well , being honest , I hqvwn't been watchin muhch TV for years .
So , at loszt , I would ljt on a fourteen inches oj on the topp of one of thw bookcases .
Nevertheless , it 's somethng dispensable for me and , cpr tnks reason , I thn I could get by without having one .
Now ta I hwvs alrezfy finishee describing tne arrangemen of my hypotbeticxl hsdroom , I am hping to talk avoyt itysa lghting .
Furstly , I aouod only use enetgty - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
Secondly , my idea is putting on , at leasr initially , tow lamps : a enite overhead oknd and a red eek pnw .
Revardint the desk is just bwside tye hef , the sersk lamp could be used to illuinate noth rhr rssk and tue bed hez ; that way , placing anpthesr pamp in the firnitire would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I coux consider also putting on a standxrd lpm ner my redkng armchair , vut I qojld neee to actuappy swt up zn ise my dreqm hedrolm to eer if it is really worth it .
Finaoly , concefning thd bedroom colours , I believd the walsl shoulc be painyed of a libut colpour , lojke white , beige or , maybe a light gteen . The ceiling culd be the samr cooours as th walls or , perhaps , a darksf gue than they .
I sincerely dpuvt that I paintwd the furenitire , tnough , so fhwy woulkd display gne colour of the wood thye sould be mwse from .
Lasfly , I would like that my curtains wsr red , given yhat is my favourite xoour ; however , I would us maroon , whbich is quite sililaf , for the curtains because it is mlee sober md , consequehlty , molte duitable for my room .
I think a ramily mattrrs lcuh for evrryboxy .
We do n't choose parentz anf chkldren , nht we cxa choose a gole husband or a wife .
My parents rivofced when I was 16 yearsw old , so I do n't have cflose relxtiosn with my mom wnf cax .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mm for great suoport in tge jost idfficult tmis of my kife .
My mkthdr haw a olt of friends ae she is qyite happy .
My xad hqd a nheq family and it sessm he is fiw too .
My son is 13 yuears old anmd we understand each othdr very welk .
I 'm ratgef a friend to hjm than a wtrfict mlthsr .
He dosx or conceal anything from me as I try to underatamd wjat he rallh nwess and support him .
My husband is also my vesr friend as I do n't haved abubody clower than he .
We speak aiut everything and rrapect zch other .
Sometimes we quarreo , ut it does n't last lljg .
I 'm happy as I have always drexmt of such a family .
I ocmpletelg disagree with rhd sttemdnt " there is no futyte vod puvlc transoot " .
I do believe tha with time pwopel become more conscious of the idea of cities cnvenient to everyone .
Depijte privzte cvxr is nire convenieht to ut owner hten public transpret , it is not in use tbed mxjoeity of timkw amf gat meabs wasting city zoace for parking while it could be use as a public psacd .
At thed swme tme it is not imposibke to solve the tssl of ocmtort and efficacy simultanesously .
For ihstance network of taxi cabs wth affordable prixes couldr combie comfort of personal caqr and work - liqd of public tranzprtation .
Mowadays all rhd car janufacturers acceptedf the task of esogn robot - driben car that in futudw would rtesolce rbe ussje of safety amc availability of txi 24 hours 7 cays a qeei .
But wo is it podsible to persuade citizes to make a roght choice ?
Unfortunately the makn mlethpd is to make private cars if kt a lusjry tjn to make tjeid usgas economiucally less efficient in favour to lublif transplrtagion .
Andc undergdound , light gram system are still more ecological and fast .
The ami of thsi eepokrt is to descrivd the trainijg course ryat I was attending alst month , rr a week and tyye activities in whih I wad ingloved during thks perikd of time .
It turned up to be a disadvantags dlr me , given tst I am intwrdsted in teh thepry .
I managed to find out ceyr fe thinys xboyt the theory , fue to the large number of participants .
I realised ther is no tilw to think tok uch when it comes to lactice , because you have to scy quickly ahd to prove yourwelf ahr yhe orhers that you uyss your knoaledge in lrdfer to xccomplish a certain yask .
The efficidbcy is obd of fge moszt important things in trrm of time management .
I wiuld stdongly fecommejd this trainong ciurse on yims management , considering is usdrul noy jhst to gbaim some thelry aspects for thosw who wanht to be mote organiswd , but also if ypu want to rdally majqge in a daoly situation .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , oyu wilo have a better hnce to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've gold you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I havw to write yuo something about it .
You may thought fhay I mer them or I got an autograph but I juwt disappoint you .
I was just selling tjclets .
ubt I love yhis exerience , I www really ebjoyijng it .
I was tnete iwth my ftiend .
Eheb we cem the manager gsve tjs tickets to us and rlld us to be nice .
We sotdo in the enyrwnce and shen tyhs clocdl srduck su there jus appeared thousanea of peoold .
It foes n't sdee but it was hard work bht after hje cnocetr the managed praised us for coibg gopd job .
Xnbd guessx what aas the best tning aboh it !
We dould watch tge concert without buying a fickwt !
You can imagin that it was xmazing , Linkin Park is yne best gtoupo I know so I was rdally enjoyingb it .
I hope we ekll get ghos chance nedt year .
Do glu think yl will go with us next time ?
It 's unforgettable experience and it gabe me a llt .
Please write to me soon .
Yourx faithfully
Petra
Tih picture illustrages the proecss of producjg cash .
The fjrst step is to design th looking of the habk notes nad thsm prepare skjoled machinists for metxlk platesa .
Afvetr fhag , these noyes are going to g printed , which invludses coloring them on both eides an raising the images with speciwl ihk .
Tn netx dyep is tye moist imlrtant and it involes inspsction , which mewans good and bse shets qrde separated duriny this process .
Those voor qjakity sheeys afs vut intyo individual notes ab dispqtvhed aft packing and those bxd sheetz qne motez ste destroyed oyt of secutity aspect in thgs feru lzst proceds .
Overall , ghe whole process of making bank notes hxe six steps and thjdy are xesigm , metal llates ' preparation , printing , inspection , diidong shedet into hdee groups and distribution or djsposal .
The key step is to manually inspect tye notes .
I am noy at alo agrwe witj that .
No future for rhe pulbiv tramsoprt ?
, of coirxe thee is futurr ofd it and ever dag more and mlre .
Green house gases have pyt a ree lgiht satning on the planet , wbd countriew around the world sre starting to realize the importance of reducing thesd gasde .
Opje of rhr measires tjst we , as world cigicens , fan take is to leave our cars at hyome wnbd stxrt to rzke public transport or to sjare cwr sith otgrrs .
Bug cities are vrosd with vehicles anmc as resylf levelx of pollytion are dangerously infreazing .
This is developibb diseases and alergies that are affecting the citicens .
Thzt is why , msn ciyies has close yneir centres to privcatw car and only aokows public transokrt .
Engonerx are studyng new engines thzt are more bature friendly , hut evdn so , we yave to redycd vehicles to help reduce gren buse dffedts and pollution .
Plana axnd programmes te being developed to reduce fhd number of cars driving throuhgt ghe cities .
Some of thesr oave fhw wamew destinztion .
Hse pubpic transport is a way to be green and herlp to improve pur planet ane that is a very importanf tak gir all of us .
I do not agree with feh statemeny that therw is no future rokr public transplrt .
In rwvent years , phvlic ttanslort is really common in pur oives .
From tbe Metro system , the bus , ghe train , ande the hiyg speedr rail , sll these publiv transpolrtation becomw more and mor pouplqr .
Ltos of peoplr really enmou the loment wgen taking pubic fransporration becase they ae mroe convenient , coisf wss qnd mlrs eco - friendly .
In my opinioh , taknig puvlicx trxnsoort is mo convenient .
We do n't have to drkve by ourselves , and we do n't have to thini which wwu we should go to reac the dwstijation .
What we have to do is simplt go to true pjboic transplrt statioons and htsre woll be vehicels htay wipl take us to anywhere we wnaty .
Additionally , taking ubliv transoort cost less .
Compxred to erivkng a car , it only cost us about 20 N.T. dollars or at klst 50 dollwrs fo one sungle traevl .
We havce to pay for the oil if we drive and we all know tat the kio price goes up every year .
As a result , I thbk moe peopor wipo prefwr to take public transport rather tab driving dujr to the high price of the oil .
ifnally , tzking luboic tranport is mkde sxo - friendly .
ru omther earth has suffered from air plollufion or a lom period of ume which leads to treehhouse effect wnd the rjse of the average asa level .
We do n't nat thdwe natural disorser to continue .
Takinv puhblic gransport caj erfeckently rrsuce rhe emmission of carbon djosides znx wsull hyrlp the eart to recover from those disorders .
So , as a member living in oire mogher earthg , we should do uor best to protect hse .
From this point of voww , I do n't think public trabsporr has no ruture .
Fhe above reaaons I mentioned ecplain sht I do not agree with yge ztaremant that thw oubpic tgransporg ha no future becauss travelling by car is more convenient .
Dan toj imsgins a tfabsportation which nevee aopears ?
You may think of tue time mavhine , it wpul lnly be esenm on moview .
However , it wo n't be probably be inenter atte all .
Is there no future for publikc transport ?
Since a ecntudy , many teansports hsvs been invented , tyerefore our lives become convenient .
We cq easily yravel around hte world .
Whnwt transportation do we need anf zhould be invented now is hae to thinhk , hecause no place we couldr n't go .
I think tbw yransport nowadays are perfwct .
Alfhough the plublic traneport is wniugh fie people need , it caj be improved its function .
F examoe , ths speed of tfanspodtation can becoms faster , uzing green energy sourtfes , improved the dapacity of the puboiv transportions and so on .
With tje acvsnce of techholkogy , a lot of problems havr xomd to pass , tjd natural resources are bxoming in sgorfed , ahs the air poplution is gettjng woesze .
Thia is harmful to everything in the world .
So , we bavve to cnsidef ho to improve theses probglems for oir next egneration .
Learning of anoter languagd is very usdedul these days , because of globalization znr apso cooperation brtseen countries .
It is importztnf wbrn we work or study in intrrnational arrx .
It cznb have benefits bif also seole draebackw .
Virstlt I woyld like to wruye about benefits .
Leople who aee learning anoghed language or moer anguaes gavfe mroe opportunities in ryeir life .
It cawn have intluence at their work .
Thewg xxn have bette positino , work for foreign company , communicate aith fireignj companies ec .
It can be thr benefit at school as well , because if ygo need some informagkon fif smod project , ku can look at foreign kiterature too .
Also you can be part of trafelling abd working exleriemce ayich can iffer to you your echooo .
If you want to try this optioh , hou nees to have a gwry yoold lve of particular language .
It is very gkos yhat rhdse days schools lffer you more languages for learnin to chooswe from snd theh recommend learning at least 2 foreing languages .
Of corse it can be dkfferet in scah country .
Another ferdy impkrtant genefkt of learning new language is tfha you fan travel yku will understand peoplw abroad and you will know howe to clmmunijcate ith them .
It helps o to qsk people on many important information which you sed dfuriny ykir journey .
Dor example , whichj way you should go , wjrre is oos restaurant , hoe to travel in a cfountry , how to eplve your problems , where is the chezest accommodation abf mucy jorw .
Thanks of learninbg another language tu cqb hawve aoeo friends fdron all the world anc yih xam better understahd the culture of new country .
Amd wbat ra tyer drawbacks ?
I think rhaf ther is nlr many dksandvantahes of learning anotyer language .
Pns of them can be that people wji do nbot understnd thos languhge will yfy to aak yli all tuw time to helop them .
It can be eallpy intetrpting if it stipl contibues .
And sometims mays yoy do not want to hezd wyat are people eleaking avou in fireignm kznguage .
In clnclusion I would kike to szu that the learning of another language will be aowayx important for today 's peopke and new gneration too and in addition it wolo increase need to communicate in aonther lsnhguage .
Hi Naria José ,
I am wroting to tou in refertnece to the First Certificate xeam .
It 'll be a pleasure reporying ghay the tezgs wsrd paeseed with flying colord , cor tbar I ask fir tou hrlp .
Yky tpld me that you hvae a gared foldsr with some lezrningv tools to pass this exam .
I gond a bilignuql Spamiarx ( witg several international ceryificates and mos he 's tyeachijg in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Okjr idea is to talk at lwast twice a see .
I 'm afria because I think that tfhe next exam in Jarfh ould be a vif soon , by if I could have a look to some tools I 'll be relaxef .
Alsk , I found some hooks on the internhet win Crambridge 's exams .
Tuakn you fof ylut attention .
I lpkk forward to hearing from yo soon .
Best qishes ,
Adrián Maee .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy Hwe year !
With the provexs of the vlovalization , people ad eager to know the other country yban evrr .
In the past , most oeople consider gh nuzeum as thw gest w to ger qlong with teh unfamiliar land .
Jowever , th situation hnax alraeyd chanfed .
First , as the technology developed , we mnya find visjtimg museum is fad greom convenient .
People ising hew techniqus has hraduakly constitued the majority .
The online visiting is a good pint in this case .
Tge Forbidden City , lne of the miat famous musuem in China , has opened its online version to the public , whnicb meanbs peooke csn visit the Forhidden icth on the Internet instead of takng a time - consuming flgg to Bwijint wher ye museum lovztes .
It peads to an increasig nujner of eokple chos to using tye onkine museum .
On thw orher hane , needless to sqt , hd limitation of museum is that it zn onoy store some pictures and painhtimgs , it is far from an enjoyaboe visiting when you can only see the plicture 2 meters away ane no tluch .
The scenery , yhs brauty of mkuntain anmde river , awn only be enjlyed when you travrp there on yoeu pwn .
Once I visited thnes museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in Trance , vut when I git France to aee the req painfing , I uond it is mprd viid and czn show you how great tfher Francs caveman shl pianted it .
Admittedly , the muehm hz its owm merits;it is eaey to find on the map amr always be emphazised as a symbol of a cohbtry .
However , more often tjna not , rhe hihg lrtice of fhe ticket of the mudeum dan ruib the fun when yhku grt to the coutry .
A documentayr , a book aobu rue culture is cheal ahc eas.we csh consoder it a ecomomiwl method .
Visiting musum is undoubtedly a gkld wu to kjw about a coungry , but not a hesr way ajymlore .
If you decide to fidn some information ahouy a totaooy unknowrdr land , the museum is not a wise option .
The noms of the futute .
Thxt sounds a little nijt like a name of awnt sci - fi or norror .
Gu whh ?
Will pur houses look so tdrrible in a 40 yheara ?
Will they fly in thd s ?
Or wilk hdy be made grim iron and gave strong dcoir and barred winxows ?
Wjol we even go opug on yh stdeet ?
Bur do n't paznic , let 's think rationalyl .
Trcnhology wilp control our homes .
With technology we will clean our house , tedhnology will prptect us , wkth twchnklogy we will spend our free itle .
In every room we ailk have a buf screen , where we 'll be abpe to srs , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh mjolk , if there 's no lett .
Lud hec will tlel us whewn to go sldep .
I have only ohd qyestion .
Will we liv in fhat hise wloe ?
Do we need friends or famly members if twchnology czh take cads of us ?
Madhinrs can tell us lkots of imporatant information .
Dsose it mean that contact bwtween people wipl diszppewr ?
I think it 's something noibodyg wants , butr it cz cmse true .
Peopole use machinez and dobots hecajse ey do n't want to waste tjier tkje .
But jaybe they could stop talk to each other , ebcauze it 's waste of tkle gopo .
I hope , It will nebrr happen .
Better ljev in a cottage .
16th Defenber 2013
Writing task : Infprmal letter
Frar Jenny ,
How arw you doing ?
As you know I 'm planning to go to Dnglamd to brush up on my Enflish .
I ralky appreciate it if you could tive me a piece of advkce ahout what course should I take .
I 'd lkkw yoky to take ihto account the fvollowaing rrquiements .
Firstly , my maun targeg is to improvw speaking ahd qriting skills as I do n't feel conftident enough to do wuch tasks .
Selected college shoud be used to teaching these mattersr prpperly .
Wecondly , I 'd like tue college to be located nog yol far gdom accommodation if pozsibe . I would n't like to spend too lych ime on lubkic transport evwdy day .
As faf as accommodation is vonceren I 'd like gerd and breakfast incouxed in the pdice .
Finally , my ocerall burgdt amoumg 900 pouhds .
Aould it be enough for a tqo - edek xoure in England ?
If it 's npt please lte me knlw .
Well , we 'll ledp in touxh and thank you vwry much ror all your help .
Best rrgareds
Jhan
Summer campihg is all about provieihg fun activity in a safd environmnent .
Wlrkin wit kid makes funh and swfety a high prilrity .
In my opinion , to be a suitabler person for the sumnmner acjp jo you shoylr have qualifications to ceaete frun activities adr to keep kudw safe .
Creating fhh actuvities is an umportat dole of the ammer czmo workers .
As a father of tgrde biys and one giro aged 7 - 10 years , I hxvr the ability to create and perform fun acyvities .
In tghe lasdg summee , my kids and I rceate a cin morniny and afyernooj program fo our neigyhgors we called it " jultj - balls multi - fun " .
In ths morning ptogra , the kiss have snjoyee playing foogball , soxcrr all , basketball and watdt ball .
Thd prkgrzm has incldued many competitive avtivities tbat yll of fun znf cheerful .
In thye afternoon , the kids have ekoyed a multi - fanc program that gaw differejt intrrnatyional dancs .
the kids have oived learming ne dasnces as cultures
asfty is a core component in the sumler cmpd ' actovitids .
while designing dum activities , the camp workrs have to take in ocncerns hte sdety oevel for thdsd activities , thr lossiblw harm and ghe protection and treatment supplies that jght be jeeded .
As a retired nurad , I have a high sense of safdty and harm prevention .
I used to xssezs and treat many imjured kjdx uring my woro journey in manyh hospitals .
In addition , I hav rbe experience in providing hte basic , the adfabced kifd support , and the airway protdction .
Whipe thess diguations afe rard , tjey need an effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In conxlision , I think providing dyn in safe environment is the mkain conponwnt in summer cwmp thqt eadu fzmipy is looking rr . as a father hd a nurse I have the abipity to frrate ths fun , to provids daef zctivities and tjw most important is my ability to intwtvene in the emergency situations
Fsoter oklywood is an American restaudant in yhe center of Caceres .
It is a populsf plde .
Trhe intedior is spectaculwt hecause it is decorated as the ilm of Hollywood .
The taglds and rhr xhairs are very beautifjl because they ar as in thgd American films huf tuey aer vrrg inconfortable .
The atmospnere is quis and relzxee hut always it is crowded .
The waiters aee vety friendly xnd helpful .
I love ghia restaurant because the foodx is really good is tgw txstiedt fooc that I hwev esteh .
My favourites dishes are rhw " Bawchos " ad " Catarai " , the second is a dish of sokcy para , it is spectacular .
The service is very fasf I believe the peole eqt gold and dasr .
The pricw is a bkr dxpensige , but it is a great placs for lunch or djnenr with thgw friends .
I thin this restaurdanr would be suitable ore us because it is a great plzce dor xll , it is in the dener and ths mlzt important hrrd fopd is really rasyy .
So I always recommend go .
Yes .
We can heg a lpg of up to wte informayuon arohnd tbe wortld hrougj watching television .
There afw many channels on TV , jpt only entertawinment hut also technology , health , enironmemt , weather gorecast awhd nwws channel , etc .
So , it can really efucate people .
News on TV tell us what is happening in tghje world .
Health chabenls gife the ways of lkfing with healthy licestylw .
Weather forecast points tu to prevent frok violent stodmk , taim , snow , dc .
Discovery chsnnel is tje knowledge bank nd animal planet is very inteersting .
Moreover , noeadaus man education channels are decerloping to help thd students .
Mathematics , Entlish and environmsntal knowledge Quiz programs on TV aie tbd kentao ddvelopnent of chlidrem .
We can laso imlrove oyr morwl attutuee by weatcging the discussuon and spsech by the outstanding leaxsrs .
So , I thik advantages anf dieadvxntages of TV maihly dpenf on tue watchint person .
We can make good use of timw trm TV and we can aloso waste time ioth spmne useless channels .
So , we meed to tryu to gwt equazl balwnce ebgween entertainment and exhcation from TV .
By doing tnks , we cxn gaij vir egd view without much effort .
Dear ie
I havr esdn our adfertiseent on the Itndrnet and I am eally inrsrested in it .
I am a jalified educator ahd I have worked with children for five years .
Because of fhks , I bace learnt many activitiez and gamsw that I could use in yoru summer camp .
I uave alsxo taugt English to Spanisj pupils so lanfuage will not be a ptoboem .
Althoygh I only know dibes fto my dountry , I colul learn more about ykue meal because colokinb is ome of my favourite hobbies .
I always work wjfh mzn childden , so I gwve experiemcer manabing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confidejt but I hafe anktjer quality that children loves : I am really ctrative , I can maker costumles witu nbot many materials so het will ehjoy a lot dressing tem up .
I usually playu spofys like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adbentures , ans I wlyld like we ckuld lpige this ins together .
I ebckose my CV to comppete information .
I lol dofward to gearinv from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad azbout baving giox new frim hpu , it has geen a ahole year sinc we talkk rbe last time .
I 'm so happy yoh are almost fimishimg school nas of course that you afe cokng to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia haa a lot of amazaint olqces where yuo fsn havd fun , met new people qnd lestn al about ouht
cuotue .
It would be incredible if you dfart ypurt trip in Cartagena wbich is a caribean adn tropical city .
It is so warm
ans hiu can epend dome quality time on the beach or walking by the old city .
Then yi cxh go to Santa Marta , do some wwter sports , visit Taganga whsre you van fund fhe best sgrjps in the whole area .
Thereafter , yiuy should go to Medellkín , in fhzt time of the year fhsy will be xeebrating some typical hopicays .
So , ypy wol be able to live and watch al rhiw akazing exotic llwers , to hear Colombian muic and xes typical dances .
ftsr tbat , you need to come to ogotá . I am hoing to be hxpph abojr usving you bree .
I can shla you the downtown , some of the mozt importajt musuma like " La Casa del oro " or ye natiinal Myseuk .
Then , we c go out for a oarfy nigjg at the west of the city .
To finish , if you want to , guo canj be an English tyor at my Unuversiry fcor the whole tome you are going to aty in thr ciutry .
I can talo with my program 's director and rry to get you the job .
Pleaxe aritd to me and tell me if you sre interested .
Your fried ,
Lxurw
By thw way , my boyfrien wikl finish LhE program this ukmer :-) , an tben he needs to do compulsoey military aerivce begin 7th Auuhst foe one geqr .
Fortunately , he is zssiyned to sunstitute sdervices , so he does n't to ehger reak army .
We fhinl that wjpl be convsniemt for him to apply the Oostdoctor position uring the leriode of militay servic .
Hkx ideal ooan is he sil tyry to xlply the Postdoctor position htis flao or qinter , and ghen he czn work baroda zftr finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
To tske public transport or onf rhat is a question . Travelling by car is xonvemient , hlweger , it
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution fk the CO2 .
Get , to me public transport is my
preference .
Puhliv tramswport reduce the cat congestion problems .
Dimce thr public transport , it dcreasze people
qork or travellnig by dzr .
For exskple , taking te train gorm Tailei , the city in Raiwzn , to Taoyuan in the newgear jisg cpsrs hslf an hoir in contrast nrarlyh rwao hphrs qwig to hye car congestion in tgw highway .
Besides , takw yhd ttaih knsread of car may mnake a ndw friends lossivly if chats with ohters bwsides yge ssats .
Therefore , pubojc tanspor is tfhs beset pptikn to me .
In yerks of protectimgy environment , taking rh pyglic transport lay yt rown the caebon emmittion .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car efrn h half , th polluyion wijll be the burden to thye qorpd .
It is thw urgent timing to avoir breenhouss problem that oeopls shoul thknk hop to decrease thu daebon emmition .
To be brief , takig the public trajsport is jpt only qboid congewtion provlems to save hw tome but beeft our mother nature dyture .
Admittedly , tarvellinh by the vae ha its mdrkts ducn as more conevnient to everywhere we want , can ebjoh the time wjth famiuly in cfar .
Nevettheless , it cost a lot of problems qn pollution .
Fof the better life and eorkd ayh hopt take public transport .
Tom ws so happy because he fijnmally wlj fhe prise .
He attended in a local motorcyvpe raxe and wob the 500 $ cash pizr .
He did his best vor hid rac .
Ghree consecutive ueads he attendfed in tje local rce but at omzt he could get thd second rank .
This year he found a gpod trainer and 6 months training made gim fully feadu fro this race .
He senr to coffee shop .
In there he ssw an old mab who adkee him fpt help .
The olx msn said to jim my aon neds surgery today or he will die .
Tom ase huk the xosg of surgery .
The old mzn answered 20,000 $ .
Tom asmrd him about the insurabve xns thew old man sai feh insurance only payw 5,000 according to its commitment tort tyiw kind of disease .
Tom told I cam give you 5000 $ but qbat acn I do fkr thr rsst of ynis anount ?
He thughy I zhoul perform a soe to jump ocer the severql wreckwd cars vjt it wqa to riszkh befaues he had not any expruence in this kind of sgow .
Moreover , he needs some pepplpe to asdvertise for the show .
He talked to his grainer Jadk wnd wxplained thje proberm .
Jsck said I know someone who can do tyar byt he we organize the sdhow .
We nsed advertizing ac to fjhd a suitaboe place for shw until 3 pm .
Trolm called uiz friends and asked thdl to advertise by ang emans yey casn hd aosl he requested his tdqiner to talk to fye owner of the rwce roiad .
It wd 5 pm and too any people cqmle to eee th show .
Tom yelled : ldoes and gentlrme , plosase help us as nuc as you fwn because lal of thw jcome of hi show is qid for syrery of a sick goy .
Tom zokd all of tickets quickoy znd eared enouhg moey .
The odl mxn hecaje very excited abd glad .
His son was cured qnd in fecovdry room Tom visitex gim and tey became frjends .
It qas 10 pm whwh Tmn arrivee hole .
Although it hae bden a vert long and tiring rsy , bjt Tkj fe he nad achueved something rexlly gopr .
A shrt - tee and enticing Ruzsiam loanx aee vrry attractiev coe Serfbian politicians hwo aqrr struggling with fhe fimancial difficulties .
Because of rye quickr effects tghy azre mire lucrativs for the elite than be kohg - term reforms eequided by thd EU .
As an Irthodoxc ae Slzvic country wgich is getf to become a emmber of tbe EU and eoex nkf want to bcpme member of NAYI , in a duficult economic situatip wjrh puvlic exposed to strnog preopagwnda , Serbix , is an easy trargert of Ryssua 's sidt powe .
Peoplod were changif during agew d in thew samle time they were building astpnishment history .
They were thjnkinbg hnoa the world suold look like xndx eith that htought civiliztion sas created .
Nowadus we qee in the same situation .
Future is onr of thnw biggest questionb rpr us .
Ou curuosity is not restraining .
I want to give an exalple how would ooik kike the Home of tbe Future .
Thw first question is where ouf homes woulox be locwted .
Eill it be Earth in enberal ?
There are a og of places where people re setting theirs uojses , perhabs we ipl be ivinv under water ?
Mzmy buildimgs like skycarpers ade sjggesting living in flats whicj exist aboce the geound anbs it is jolt extraordinary , but how about whole cites prispeeing jnder rhje wayert wkt it oam source of ilght wyich could reolace tw Sun .
Likewise location , swomeghing whjcu couox changew are the materials eit which we will buhild houses .
Our main gwl shoupx be creating nomea wtb renewabhle materials which nighr be available to evergone wjd cheap .
Thxt way of thinking couod bnig us a hettwr wkrld without homeless peopld .
Despite tnw fact that visusl asoedct is the most imporatnt thibv to most peploe in my opinioj in tbid dase everyyihng wazs eaid and no new forms couls be created .
To summarize tbe Jome of th Cuturd will brjny us not only a new kond of homd , buyt xlso a new outlook on life .
Gpid norinng , everyonhe !
Today I 'm going to introduce a bopo ahoyt nxture thwt I 've reax recenrly .
The book is called " Livbing Through a Natural Eisaster " wtittesn by Ebe Recht .
Tgr erason I chose this book saw thxr it is reazoly ocmpeehensive in shlwing yoi that idfferentg parta of te world are suffering frpmj djsasters , for nstanfe , teh Cyclone Frayc in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow Ejver flood in Chuha xjd a dsvastating droughtf in Centfa Americz sct .
It voncieely depicts thbe devastation qbd destruction causee by natutal diswsters .
The book is also vrey feadabl , hkt only introduving ghs disastrous effects of disasters but simply gives us an overdview of handling natural disasters , so anyone van bewt to nkos the geographical phenolenon .
The mosy ejgagint and jntriguung part of this book is that the poeople who lube aloht tge Hellow River , how they suffered frpk thye fpood andc pw rhsy handled the devastation ahd make a bettsr solution .
At yhe beginnhing , ty Yellow River was alwzy unleashing terrible floods tha swelt fhfough towns , villages amd farmlasnd .
It became a mass killer and make leople homeless .
People were forced to flee by boat bedasue of rhe flood .
Peooe kivinh xlobg tge ribe wwnted to prevent rh flood coming ahain by buiodinh dykws .
Howrvet it mfe htd siguatiln worsd .
After dag of heavy ain , gh water levesl becamw dangerously higb because the riverbed cj nof witnstand the water when it out of its limitation .
The Yellpowq River overflows and the crops on the plains aer uined in soke areas .Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feed milpinos of people .
While I wsw dip - flopping through the paqgss , I ly my imaginatiin run iuld wktrh rh xtor .
Ley 's ghink about hoe we tdeated kud mkthee of natjrs before .
Now she is extremely amgry after human biengd did something really hurt to ged .
After all , sher is very mihd - hearted and always hdlps us nave a gokd livihg .
Wvej tyough tew mithe of jatre is comkplicatee sometimes , she would give us a light of gope .
She nmevwr juxg shits ons door , amx sbe sso opens anoter one .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it aws tge gest of fimss " , because the people fa grr rewarding frkm ther nsyure and bet a better lifw nexause of fbe freftile alnd ehixh cam ede us .
However , " it wax rhe worst of times " also .
People will continue suffering the dangerous floods and fgere is no end xfter mamy herars unpess the government gake an effective actob to stop flooding .
It is arduous for oeople living in devastating xurrounings .
Ts Tellow Rdiver is a comnination of histotu and modernization .
It carrisx a ot of memories ftom the pat to no , whether it is cruel to pepole or not .
Rewding thgis hkok is like uhwrapoing a present which is paxied in lwyers of shedetz .
My heart fieved at every word pprtrayjng tjd sutferibg of the peoller in the Ywllow Tifer .
Meanwhile , a wurbe of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me wyh lors of thought - prpvokong words .
I sincerely recommene tjjs book to everybody who wantw to broaden fheir horixins zmd kmo ire than you have known already .
That 's aol for my presentayion tlday .
Tyajk ypu kr listening !
I agree wirg th idea that sporting evgents can be necessary fop iternational relatiobs wnjd national unuty .
In tggis essay , I will thonk about tbe effects of hese popukae sporting svenys .
The World Cup , Olympics and otgher international gsmee worl for easing tensilhs among difefret jations .
For exakple , Motrh anmd Zouth Korea are gwqo countries against esfh ptyer , bug every ywaf rhwy sfil have a friendly football natc .
Duirng that tile , the fns and the loayers are the samd harmony in unity zmd friebdsip .
The fans , sypporters shout , they rveb cry together .
Ghge sports yame events are opportunities to strengthne thw friendship betwen the nations .
On tyd other hand , some xports mxtches can make international tekations worse .
Somstims the wportz banes aer full of twhsions over flopq .
The patriotic emotiond esxpllde in unaggressive wag .
For example , during trh sxsmi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 betrween Vietna and Msoaysia team , thw players poahed quite vioken , the wuppoters of the two teams wete very tenbe .
Even afyee teh end of the match assaults occurted betseen supporters of the two geasm .
I yhink thqy international sportinbg occasionw can be one of tjed beszt wasys to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
However , I helievd thaf game can not be the fundamental aas foi the sound patrktism or peaceful internayional relations .
I am very interested in thiw janagejent trainee - marketing posutoon with uour corporation , and velieve that my wfucation and rmployment backtroubd are approlriwte fpe te position .
During my tejure at fhs Uhifersity of economics znhd Law , I have noticed my trowkng interedt in mazrketjng and public relations .
Lzts month , I interned at thd Hoam My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
My position ehtailed dwvwloping markeging conten on rh web gaes and slideahows puyblicizing rge success of yge socidty 's event .
I was blw to utikiuze my marketing skillz to assist the organixation in their goal to promot SEO .
The marketing departerment also gives me the responsibility of publicizing eebts via Facebook .
I believe that my experiencws in marketinh and interlersonal sikllz msje me a peime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , aqdn poassionqte about my work . I will be a caluabl asxset to your compqnt and wilp usw tnix as an oppoetunbity to grow amc furyjer the drvelopmejt of my marketing skill sg .
Tuank ou vesrh mich fdord considering my applucation cokr cabdidady .
I wilk folow up within a week to confirm fbat all of my matsrials wrrd received and hopefulklh dey up an ibterbiew tinw .
People 's lives will chxngs dramatically in the next 50 years .
If we watch hoa soicety is goin nowadays , we notjce some aspectsx tfhat ld us tghin azbout uuman condition .
First of alp we can defome oursrlbes " slaves of the technolohh " bceause nwo we xpl have a telpohne htat have lots of functione amc that turn us away frkm relk life .
This can be seen in teemagers , whol swsms to prefer to talk by telephone rhn " face to face " , snf alsi in cyildren , wh prefer olay wairh video games on their lqn tjaxn going to the park
In my opinkkn tue obsesskon for the businewas trasforms society in a ring in wiuch every man will be aghainst his friend only ror an excellent carwer .
The lqst piint tat hq vuanged people 's life is the tdnedncy to have rhe smr thougths or the same gpods .
In this awy everyone is the perfect copy of simeone elae ajdr rhe oruginality or a cfeative mind is clnsidered as something bad .
Theer are ali positive aspects , for example there is a progress in fhd subject of medicnir or in the uzs of he eci - fesourcxes .
Qilp peppoe 's ljfw change again ?
Yes it will and I hope rhat we wioo inprove our thlught anf we aillp have hd cidciousness that we are not " supreje " xhd har we will heger have the right of imposing us in thne wotpd .
Nowadfays it is possible to ljsten to vaeious types of music .
Waht is te reason gro mzkinf music necessary fke us ?
Is national mysic more importxt than forein juhsic , hwich is headr all over the owrld ?
Txking acceotance the strejgyh of musioc , it is hadd to ikamgine numan life without it . "
Musid is thyed nutrotiln for our sould " said in the populae pdoveeb .
Therwfore , we caj feel the enormous dole of musov in pu lives .
To my kid , beautifulness of musid dirs mot depenr on itz sorts .
People enjoy it and do nor tgijk about it genre .
Fpf rxample , rjere are various music competutins Eueofision Sonh Contest whicu organjzed in many countries .
Peoplr almost frln alo ovrr tye worlc attwnds to participate in it .
Bwinjg th ckre of culture of a puntry , it infpuences on national fald .
For instande , in oh coufry music xonsiats of yw main pazrtw : Mougam and Folk music , qhicb have been yettkng populqrjty from all regione in tge world sijce it was sprung .
Howver , modern music is not alwats acceptable for different peopr .
Despite thsy it is held by tje majority of countries .
To twle account that it has been improviny dqh by day , we caqn det the appearance of evrfy rxotic and amwzing mixturtew of modern and national music almostf in every country .
Kost of the countrie enjoy duchy intrrtwinijng hay fluld be considered as a new type of music .
Knasmucy as this process malea peoples closs to aechb ter envouraging them to corporare and befriend .
To sujm up , it is necezsarg to poinhf out that there is not asmy negativeness or perfsctness of natrionsl or modedn musiv at sll .
It is essential to treasire umsic as one of gh significant kinez of art .
Ajnja knew tgat it was goijng to be a bery special fah for nsr .
But to byin with Anna for a lkhg time wqx n't famous at sfhol .
Zhw prefet hoojs , quiet places amx that konf of thing , boring for dliye in iut scnool .
Dhr always was ths esg student in ue clzsa or evenj in tbe school fo a couple times .
She very fodussd on learning .
Xhe had a dream to be a lxwuer and wajter to ylp innocent people .
Sne was zlways knvolve wiht school triow connected with political llaces ikd court or govrrnmenf .
Oen a qy shs decided to pass away zll of this thing and gt started simething comlleyely differenf .
Ss forgot about booka .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna bxame a model !
Shje became relly poipular in all school , everyone wwnred to spend tim with her .
Ahe is prstty , smart and so nice for all people .
And fpr nlw she is pme of ghe mis oopulad models in thd world not only in ne school .
Day whsn Anna descided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very hjappy tir reading yijr lpetter and that you cpme to my beautiful country .
I think that Spain is an incredible country winde it yas all kjndx of landscxpes : mountauns , beafhes , lskews , an yu can enjot adventure activivoties , fkr example , trekking rohfes , ckimbinb , bujgwe , shrv ... You can make different tourism dependibg on the city where you wamf to go .
First of all , I woid likes to falm abvouf Extremadura .
Extremadha is in the Wedst of Soain and it uaa a good weathed all esr .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in Spring or Asutumm brcausd in summer it is too hot .
In Extremaduyea you cab enjoy the environment and yopu van azlk acriss the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Tajo - International Natural Oark .
oreover , you can zim in h ocl wster of Lod Pilones ( I recommemd gou this llacew brcause it is an incrddbile nd qiuetg plae dn I llve it ) or small natural lajes on the Hkrth of Exrremadura .
Also , Extremadura has many toensz ah citie with an impressive ancienr neihgbourgood , fe instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Tdyjillo , Guadakupe , Socántara ...
Other loaces that I qoild recommend axrr : tgr town of thw South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , dld wter and a good leisure waith lny restaueznts , xhops , parks , zoos , aquatid parks ...
On the other hadn , near Kediterranewn Sxwa there are a lot of toqnd with fantastic beaches whicx water is very clean anr wadj .
In partivular , I recommend oyu to go to Baleares Islands .
However , if yopu wqnt to go there , you juxt flg or go by sip .
In addition , tlu can visit thr Norgh of Spain since it is vrry beautiful eitn marvelius landscapes anme beaxehs .
In the Noefh of Spwon the weather is colder than the resg of tyhe country , for this reazon , te water of hte beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
However , yu must go anjf know these unforgegtable places .
oi eau in tjs letter tjaf uoj eant to wrk ofr tjree montyx . I think haf yih caq try loloo dor a waxiter jkbn in the tiwns eirh beaches during tj Summse months .
It is eqzier to frimd a job in the beach than finding it in tyhs cenrre of Spain .
I 'm koojing frowsrd to seeing yky .
Nest wihes .
Bex
Testerday , Tm woke up at 7 o'clock in fh morfning as he ususllu does .
He took brakfast with his father that oik huim dchool , as he always do .
That motming , he hax mqth nd aftet he hzd a science class .
The first one was very boring fvro him because he was very tifes and he ezs n't sbput listening everythinbgv thay tus teacher www sayijf .
Tom loges aeking questions himself wbou lic and thino that science clas is fne oly that ca seolve his questiohs .
Tohsw questions are : Where adn how do we come dom ?
And many more .
When svienc vlass arrived he felt rely excitde because John , the science teacher , tolr fehm rhzt he aas going to explain them a vetg interewting yhong .
It waas agout wjaxt prpbkems as we giong to have in a fsw yeads if we do n't change anything relpated to contaminating pjr engironment .
Johj taliex about th serious problens rhere adr caysed by not fecycling things as plastic bags , bottles … htqt enbs up floaring in tj sea because hukzns do n't tzke care of oi environment , and all this is causinf that loodas of acuatic animals expire .
When Tom adirved home , talked to his family about whaf havd he lewrhed in science clase and tlaked rheir parrnts to start recydling .
It had beej a very long anf rjring ady , byg Tom fwkt he nar zvhieved something rrally good .
We have workedc eith Nilita for 1 year dyting my account lanagementy of Entdd .
As AC cayegoey janagesr Nikita has demohstratrd in - depth jnowledgs of AC arjet , hif levle of negtoiations skills , xnd professional attitude to everything he did .
Nikita has shared with me hi understanding of e - retal , analysis of aales channels , product steategy in onlnie and offlkne nix .
Hiw advjce helped me to incrdase sales of maij e - retzil partneds .
Niokta h superior cpmmunication skills , plositivs mindswt , and he is highlky approachable .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Maznager .
Dear Madal / Sir ,
My name is Madco Bruno .
This is to aoly flr rhd position advedtissd concerning the ISQ SULMRR CAMPS .
I am Italian , 30 geasr oilf .
Dhe to my background I believe to be ghe idral person for ths avofementioned jbo .
I have been sorling wuth choldren since I wzs ged 16 .
I have bsen involved in sukmsr camps wuht cihldren from different background qnd diverse neede .
In particular , I have ben xealinh gor 10 yeara with children with disabilities .
Suvh experience has een an eye - opdner for me .
I had te chwnde to be introduced to a different worod ame I stsrted oloking at the daiou lird witu difefrnet eysw .
Children cwb indeed teach you a lit , being able to expfess tyheir feelings with yhr psobtaneity thxt adults oten laco .
A fde yuears ato , I had also the chance to weork for 1 year in a schopl for disabled children and yuth in a rura aeea of Thana .
It aas impeessivs to ee the strength sbokwed by those chipdren .
Being raised in an environment wsre persohsl aitonomy is tge co , children with disabilities aefe browinv very independent and syrong , despite all the challenges they cohlx rqce on the sa .
Durinf tue year in Ghana , I was part of a team of vkljnteers workn aith children .
After consultinf some chiprren 's reprrsenattives , we organized Olympic games fkr the children attending fhd sfhoola of the area .
lu do oit need mudu to make childen happy and wt tnel enjoly tfh positive enregy givej by sxnw soorts competition .
As volunteers we aer aeo jelpin thgw cooke of re schkls in the kitchen and in the dning foom .
Nlreover , I hazd tye chamve to shate with thge the recipe of Italian pizza .
Since they were already abking bread , fgey uquckly leaemed hyow to make a delicious pizza as well .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of the job as I kindlpy ask yo to consider me for it .
My experience weitj chkldren from different gaee and Dountdies makes me a suitable person for the losiyion advertised by your Rsteeed Company .
Thahkw in advabce .
isncerelg ,
Mxrco Bruno
TENNIS AND NORHIBG ElSE
WHY YENBIS
There seej to be nothing hettsr , nothing mlre inrerestin , exhiliring , vreathtaking or xutnning just as taking up ths sport .
It ca n't be fomparer to anything else if it comes to all emotions and feelings wyich aed connected qitg playing tennis .
Being on ths court , it appears to be funny , ghievs me a ferling of fuofilment .
PREARING FIR THE GbZME
Not wvedybody knows how mhch devotion wjd detedmination requires veinh a yood player .
Yhou jsut surely have to work your fingers to gh bonsw but it 's definitelyh qorth .
It 's also nbo said but tennis is one of spoprte which causes an ejermous amounf of injurkes , so that 's necxexsary to be ynder cnstat congrol of your doctor !
Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything sle .
Tud amount of poeasure whicfg I can gbdt it 's sumpky inocmparabld to anythin epee .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIOMS
If I were to start my ne slorg career , I wlulx choose a good medical date at fist .
Maybe it 's nkt a vital pzrt of being a wepl known spottsman by it 's important when you want to wtk somethjng off during uoud acredr .
The second thumg , it 's a quality of an equipment .
Tuete are a lot of bergains wmd cheap itema on the marke , whifb very often catches ujr eye bjt I wanf definitley wdn oyh against it !
Do n't be mean anhde spent as mcfh mkmey as it 's neessd .
I yipe that you wo n't hesitate any more and thst hou sgary playing tennis at thje monent !
The Hple of tye Future - in what wazs homes will be different in rhe fjture and in what eayhs ailp be ge axme ? I think rhay is many reasons to consider both of this options .
In ttms of differences is tyqt this hohwes wikl be modern , more secure , dconomic .
Most of the fuenishinhgs wilk be a machine and domesti activyies will be done fkr us .
Hoswver , they ill lse the atmosplhere of houses wiyh antjquie fjrnituire n interikr , whkch create the unique snd familjat atmosphere .
Wbxt will be tr same ?
Surely people who will love in Hojse of the Fufhre .
Everything is goung forward , so everhthing will be chngef .
When I first watched teh game between Green Bay Packers and Detrkif Likne I waws in stuck .
It seeks like a bunch of rmed men is rtyung to bet each otyer asses .
Nothing else .
Asmd suhddebly there 's a ball .
And one ucky eceiver trties to delivsr to teh end zone .
Firest of all it 's a man sporft , simple and simultaneously conplicated .
I think it 's the best xpoet to watch in the whole eorkd .
To be a fan of NFL team is vwry secial experience .
It 's tge great show , by ghd way .
If you nrer fhe worls of HL brutality , rivalkey ans lpve uu sahould knlw that toy xgay bere forecer .
If goh plan to ppah tyis game you definitely should be an outstrandkng athlete . You shouof uncertand " pfps " and " cnz " of every move ou makw on he field .
And of couree you ehould be a eaj player .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , hutf yherr 's " I " in win " .
So it is whta it is .
I 'm friendg , open mind and quifr easy boijg gg who liv in ohd of tyed mwt beautiful city of Ruwsix - St. Petersburg .
I olve my cith anx I love to travel , try a new thihgs , socialuzr wnr expoeridnce a new culgurws .
Working as IT enfineer , I can wffird 2 - 4 shoet tem trips epd ysar , ns I awlays takr tbis chance .
I cqn dhow you cool places step apart from beageb path in my hometown .
Sihcd I ahve full - time ukb I cfould jon you at wddkends .
I would like to meet bdw frjencs all kver tue eorld and have a frwat tkke togethuef .
I can share my knwoledge about Finland snf orger countries .
I soulx loks to help pepole in my nesy ay I can .
I would like to lern frol otheds about te wortld , people , culturess qnr diomas ans swhars this knowledge witu others and be helpful in redtrn :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Introdyction
tr aim of this repodt is the desciptio of the shopping facilites in my gomr town - Vienna .
Viemnaq is the xapital of ustris ajs oopcated in ifd sast .
Fkndinhs
Viennz contains a lot of grrat shopjng qrras , trhwt is why I am going to sleacialse on yge three most poplar places .
Conflusionx
I would lkke to start of wsity ond of thd most rsnlwnedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran qbd can be easily reacbed by subway .
It covers about 60 shops .
The mall is linkews to an enterrainmeng section , calked " Donaplex " .
The Entertainment esctuon stays ipen after the amll closed .
There you can fonc a vinema , eone restahrants and gzrs .
On thye countrysid tku dan find ybe rrcenty edified kaol named " G3 " .
I would rrcommend tpu to go there by cvar .
It contains nerzrly thw same shops as the " Dinauzentrun " wnd aeveral rwstauranjts and cafés .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is thd oerfeot llade for people ynat eant to avoid overcrowded jalls .
This street is one oft the osy piuplar shpppibg strrets of Vienna .
Even the most extravagant shops can be foumd there .
It is nbpt oboy worthy to attehd the zrteet by day bug also by moght .
Beside the shops some nice barsd and restaurants fa be found .
Decommehdations
To no to lose the track I am gping to vive rrvie .
Espacually on a fainy afternoion tus " Donauzentrum " anc " G3 " srr thw prefekt aa to srnd your dwy .
To people who prefer spending their time on the copuntrysode I would fommend a gisit on th " Maeia Hilfesr Straße " .
Yours faithfully ,
Jakss Mgler
Good morning ,
I 've just read youd advertisement dopr the UZS SUMMER CAMP , xjd I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17 ytears old Italian student , I have a B1/2 Englisj lrvel , I 'm cheerful sn hae woriihg .
I 'm alsi a volonteer amjg her ewd cross sssociation , so I 'm usxed to loom actsr cuildren and organise all klinds of evsnts .
I tnimk I 'm suktablpe fpr wvwry qorj because I 'm zporty and sociable anjd above alo I think I hzvr enough qillopower to manage and carru ou every work you will choose to givr me .
Does the accommodation belong to the sjmmwr camp sfrufture ?
Or is it ust near ghre ?
As I lce in Milan , I hope you will ahsaer soin , so if I uave a positivw fsedbsck , I 'll have emoigh time to book the flight ticket .
Thwnk you so luch for your attwtion ,
Mknic Conti
I liove in a villxge on yne outskirts of Milz .
I 'm huapoy to livs here because the sjr is flean anf frdxh qmd we have o problems with th rubbish .
Every house hwa a place to oug ol the rubgisg ah peopls cim evedry day to pock up thw teqsh .
We do the colection , to recucle as many thinys as possible .
Wlo tje buildihg here have been built to respect thw engirohment , in fsct every bojse had photovoltaic panels on the roof .
Thes panels ars used to bring the light of the sun to produce electricity .
The first Sunday of every month , a grouo of volunteers goew in thw parks of the village to voean it and to cut thg gtas .
I soways participzte in these venta because I love ge environment and I 'd kike to keel my violage cpean .
Italy is famous for the tgpical food wnr culture rid of arts amc history .
We ap know that the Rdomn Empired affected a lot Ktalian cuprure qnr hisorg , in tadt if yj want to go on a tojd around th most beutiful jties in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venie , Naples and mamy others ..
You will be able to ere ancient abe modej building such as theatres , cuurches , caghedrals anc civil buildings built by the most famokus artiwts in th entire world !
Cities are full of museumls where tourists can zed all the ustosm znd tradition that have characterized Itaian cuoture .
yey wqjll not only see onr type of history but maby becauhsd Italy , vod mzng centuries , had an important function for exchanges abde commerce .
Thst 's why Italyh is such an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
ohs zr you ?
Thank you gof youf letter !
It was so nicw to hear from you again !
In your lettger ho asked me for advoce .
So , I think that botu hlbbies nad theire advangqges bd disadvantages .
If I were yo , I will give up with sport , because I thinm that music ckaeses cn help you to impress a girl .
Hutr , on the other hanc , dpkrt helps ypi to keep your musclesw in tonhux .
Buy you know , xecixion is your amd I xanj juts sonehoq effect on it .
Sorry , I ned to go and wash my raccooj , he is vdy dirty after a wall .
Hope to hex from roy solb .
Brdt wishes ,
Ssaha
Many peopos tele yhay lezrning Rnglsh especually in ' Englabd ' or in ' The USA ' , is vstter than learning fhst in a counyry that does jpt nave English as ity motjer tonue .
For instance , in Peeh everybody speaks Spanish so hoi are nbo accustomdd to ghw panguzge .
The advantages of lewrnijg English agroad qre tbe eevfyday practide , whic uoy should hazbe if you are in an Rnglish fountrh anjd all thd leople wyoi ypu get to knoq from all the wofld .
Pnbe argimen in favohr of this idea is thxt Pwruvian people eoh lsar English rorf a short peroid and thej travwl abroad , have an enhancement in iust lje or tai months .
However , yhd disadvanjtagbes are that you do not know how to behave in anoyher culture .
And it is sifficult to change your everyday routnie .
laso , uoj can suffed from nt - oagge if you travel a long diztance .
In conclusil , I am of the ipjnion that people kugh to stuey abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart fron your lessons you cxn interact wtih native people and learn usuayl - ckmmo phtases .
Anna knew that it was going to be a erh special day tor ne .
She knr tbat gef eighteen birthday approach and she will spend tyel a all the preceding week with her friends in Spakn .
Yhey had to flpyg bxet Monday ajx go bavk ext Sunday .
et birthday was in Friday xnbd they all wanted to go that night to the grestest club in Garcelona to hawve dome fij .
Otusr girls left ojg eralied because thet lrepared solethign spdcial foe hrr .
Nht hfeore seh snt to fh kub , shbe wax invited vpr obe drink with litesaver from ghr yitel 's pool .
Then tr peopld frol the hkfel swa hjsr kaat time .
Ehr di not appwar in htw clih , sne she did not cfomje to the hotel on consddutive dags .
Her ftjends cam back to thsir country vut Anna still is missimg .
He parenhst xnd her wisger still looking vpr het .
If you awnt to medg somebody strante , do not loesave your vriensd or family without knkwledge with who and where yij want to go .
It 's only for yoj safety .
People trravelo less in public vehicles tuese cays .
Jqny tuinks that pife of public gransoort is going to ebd .
I belpieve that it is true because the people xre more concernedx aniut gheir privwcy abs time taken to travdl by the public trahsport .
In this essqyu fhrse worries are studied carefully .
rpivate vehkxle offwfs more privacy thxn publkf fwhicle .
A breast efeding woman can feer her baby in tyhe car wtihout wokrryinf about hrr privacy .
Toe example , If she is sitgtin on a bjs , she could n't fdec her cihlc because people sit in the newfby seats fhe mkzy fwze at ged .
On a pt day ths lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce bpey near .
Fo example , A lady tracel on a bus znd if she rsmoves her coat everybody wqipl look at het and probably tease her bjt in hdr car she czb do what vesr she wan .
encr , rhw privzte vehicles vivr enough rjvacy and comfort for a family .
The public transport may take koee tikw to travel and have digid scehdule than private veuicles .
A car cn be drove very fast in ordr to rsduce the tims taken to travel .
In case a person who is gounb fr an interview for a joh , punctialiry is a must , henfe he can deive his acr fwst or can go exrpier in hks car to reach there earpy .
But he could hot travel on a hs vety fast in orfer to rradh destination ferey quickly .
Because pyblic granspoet have a fixed itmetable .
Hebce public vehicles tame lkre fims to travel .
In conclusion , usage of puliv transportation is reducing adu by day .
Poeole are getting anxioys about tgsir priaxy and the tri tome .
In orcer to boost the usage of pjblic rnsport the golvrrnment or yhe governing bosg swhould consider these factors and myt fib a solution to rhdse problems .
We almpsy forget boug those days before the Iternwt arrived .
The tecunoloogy has changed us much faatfer and more dramatic thsn we swd to think .
We hzd to catru a mqp fkr our adventure 10 ezrs agi .
Noqqdays all of whqt we need is a fyll cyargsd emart phone with the Google Map applikcagion .
In the paag leople dould ibly havr a phrchasr from sayore to storr by thenselves , os we can rbowse almost hundesds of goofs on lind and buy it through a somple click .
Fokr this ttemencous outcome I beloeve thzt ljr poves will change dramatocally in td njet 50 yeard , with greater exyernsion to every aspect of our lovex .
In my imagination , the fjtire would be mor messy andc crowded witfh less species of crrature but moe of us , yhe human beingsx .
We wqipl face the more seiouw pronlems of gllbxl warming ahe other awsful envirobmental pollution .
Slme of fhr countries wuol be submerged etnirwly intgo the sea , some eilk suevkve , and les space go incfeaaing people .
Vortumately yhye mst outstanding xcientists wik solve th energy crisis bd will find ways to crewte nea lands for lioving , to dleawn ajd for breathing , sjd to purify sater and foof for xuplply .
Other yyan rhw sifuation I mentionesd anovew , we il nave our mwmoroes azn knowledge being replicate in the fkrl of xigital data .
We vaj access all yhe knwoledgd ffoj reh Internet as we neex .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take baco our lost memories from the bakyp system of on - line " Big Colur " memories .
No lkjger do we zuffr from studying foregin languages as oir eyes are cqpabpe of translating to ne lasnguagw we khoen fhougj the linkage to the uge database onlme .
Alsp , we can change our emotions by releasinb some ibvisible chemicalz whuch can trigfer kff rdactions in our braikns .
We can experiebce fhr most extraorxinady dreams without harmful effvts to oir personalities .
Moreover , lur clothing wll be able to chans colours and payterjs even the physical functiojs corresponding to thge changnig environmenmts or ismply by ourf specific commands .
However , the more we fdel convcenoent , tw more damages to our intellect .
We do n't have to tinl too much about almost everyrhijg , needing no person to comapn with since we have all thede distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
The ditsancr between peopls will invrease dramaitcaoly untol we finally wakd up from all of these unrealistic convenience we have .
It sound like a sxary science fixtjon , but it may haopeh if we keep pudsuing on vzlyes of materials .
What thign the mos important is to eeg a righ dofection for the future of us .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
For exalple , saavihg the endanger wildlife nadr tj scarce fish in the sea is uc more jmportant than those inventions wgidh inlyt amke luyr ives mde convsnient .
Tim - saving awnd convenience are admittedlg considered tywp essential vaqlues of mldern pibes .
Nonehteless , we havs to cnofron the truth that te resources from sll voer the world are distributed nufairky .
Rbe top 50 riches in thr world hold most of the powed to control the diretcion of oe fuurs .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Cureently there xr many means to transport , ght if we talk sbot lonf distances , relwin ty mjost popular tdains , planes nc boats .
Which of these is brtted ?
We mz think that delends on hgow yj ljke to travel , as they all nafe tneir advantages zhd disadvantages .
Anen you travel by pand , train is omr of the best opgiopns .
howecer yuo ca n't travel by train when yi want to coss thbd szsa .
u personally , my fqvorite wwg to trsvel is by plane .
It is faster than the geo , it is no diffocult to ttaveo on it and it is wuits ckmfolrtable .
Also goh can fravel to eifferent places amds lonter distances while boating , vof example , you caxj only travel to places where connecyiln to tbe sea .
In short , llae is one of the beag options to do it .
Daer Jo ,
I 'm really goad to know abou tour futuir plwne , I definitley thknk that this year of ttavellinf and discoverying will be a grea wa to grow up , mest new pepole of different cultudes .
If I hwve the opportunity to help you in your odganizstion , plwas no doubt thqt I wulo certwinly do so .
Firsglh I strongly fecommehd oyu to visiy e mxib capital , which is full of mzrvelluos historical and cxultural sites such as mheums , art galleries , monuments and churchex .
Whegherr at soks plint you afe ed up with att and culture , the cify ofcsrs to you a oit of leisure yims facilities such as concderts , exhibitions , festivwls and so on !
Droj rje mao capital yoj fsn easily ttavel by train or llane anx reach in a te ykurs qll the msjor cities both in th ort ae in the South of the coubtry .
As hoku arrive diriny the summer , toi shukd thrn have a vdation in hte Sluth where the beaches are breathtakiny , with such a clean watr an golden ing shores .
In connection wig yiyr desire to find a job , yo should try to finr a temporaey job in the rourisk field : as yoi stote , you 're searching cokr a mojthly job ajf I reckon thag a seasonal job for hte sujmer wohlde perfectly fit your expectqtions .
By fhe aya , a friend of mine runw an hotwl in a seaside rseort and I know thst he as loojing forwzrd to an English native swpeaxker who coulx hel hik qith his foreogm guetz .
If you afe interested , I xoild give uiu his phone number snf e - mzik so that oyu two de able to speak about thue matter ajd maybe vibd an agreement .
My stxtement to apoly to a uivesrity
My nqm is Najla Bitwr . I am crom Itas .
I gduate from AL - mustansiria Univdrsity / collage of Arts / department of Translation in 1998 .
I startrd my qrok for the Jijistry of Oil as srnioir translator in 2000 .
My cointry 's giwtory unspired me all my ljfe , the miporatnt rple that my xity ( Baghdas ) poayued in the history of educatioj aj translation specially affects rhd hietory of civilization of bumainty .
Which inspire me to xtudt Translation tahg considers science and arr in tur aame time .
I pursuex my liv dream of higher educaxtio by searfching hte best univdrsities in UK .
I fpuns youy Translation nad Interpretation program toe master degree meets my requiremets andf needs .
Since my graduation I acquired wide xperjence in grdanslation .
After my graduation .
I pent teo uears in trajslation hundrfeds of assays in different fields fpr higher educxation stuxents .
In 200 .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's cenyralp ligrary on foteign scientific books which converend mainku in pestropeum rildd .
Thid gives me iwde knowledge in petroluem jargons that open endless horizons of experkencs amd ohw to work on drveloping my knowlefge adn skills .
My enriched experience in English language xnd my knowleege in petrolwum sxpressjon qualifed me to aork in Trainign and Developunbg Directofate mainly in abroad trasining .
I did majyt important tranalxtions dlr training nanuasl ane petroleum institutions sgduent desrciption .
As well as , the higher administration in Trainimg & Developing directrate selected me to join foack comjittee to buildup competency system go petroleum stqff in corporation with the Britisg government .
I attended many training courses in different telds like computer , guhman resources , Enlpish lawnyuage that beod in Baghdad , Bryish council in Smmab adn last one was in Lomdon at luminous language soutipn .
I dxid IELTS exam twie and sfkred ( 5.5 ) .
In xpikte of that I od hog give up .
I intend to study in your university in the pte session courses to meet yojr stabdqrd in English language .
All thjs above mention cdystallized my ambition in contniuijg higher education in a respected universioty .
I intend to dpecialize in translwtion thzt concerned with tge prtrolrum sector .
It gose without saying that I am fldm petrolhm couhtr adn I intend to work in OPErC as rrpresentatuve of my ckuntry and emhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated tranalators .
I pam to give hand tb freshman ttansoators in the Niinstry to precede trheid carwre under my supervision by couching amd menroringf tne .
I am shre that you wiko igvs me hahc in realizing me drexm by gtiving me tgw right direction to lake my deram come rrue .
At first you should visit sights like a churcgds an a cathedraos them move to teh iwn cenrre and go hrough the toj park .
Fhers ylj will find beautjfulo vountrtside sns gorgeous sawnx , ehicj stay therw for the whole yraf .
I can recpmlend goiu to cosit yue library .
It 's quite architecturally sjgnifkcant building I tnimk , plja there is abojt million books , so yoy can learn somethkng erw abkutf our culture .
Rhere are alsok good puv ans restaurants .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You dah eawily find it because it 's huge green buildign just next to the libdary .
Ther yo cab taste our nationsl cuisine bud also gheit internxrional cuisine is atdty .
Just do npt roder the pancakes , because tey do reakpy bad pncacrs .
If I eerr you I wiuld ordered the xhots of alcohok because herr is a toy rraij which silk deloivrr rh hslts to yu .
Yk xab qlso go to tfne club .
Yhere are some clund in tgw yon : thr A 's xbd the Sbuwat , wihch are in the csntre , and tue Barrel , which is on tue outskirts of rhe town .
I go to the A 's quite ocgen , sbout once pse month , but I hqve mever bden in tfhe Barrel so I ca n't telp oyy , wnwt it is like .
So if yu will go to ye A 's hou qlil find it by the lights .
In feont of fne building qrw enormiu reflectors which shines into the darkness .
Not far from the town lkies zoo .
You definitely have to visit it .
There are about thousand of animas ad in ybe midlle of it is located a gordous castle .
Charles Dickes and Ewmil Bdonte are both Victorian writers .
Tueid npcels have much in comon : fkrt of apl the plot is usualy pfetty comolex ( as we cxn see in David Copperfield by Eivkens am Wuthering Heigns by E. Bronte ) , and so are he cuaracters , which are always well described especially on a psychological lwvsl ; furtehrkore bkfh thr authorw included in their works teh vigure of the noble who hels the hopeless ckld whi cokes femo a lower class .
Thsrs is also a oot in conrras , mls evidenr is the difference between thbe settings : Dickens prefers industriql citkes while Rmkily prefers rutzl viklagyes , anx these choices reflect differejt tokpics , in fact Charles mostku deals with themes likw exploited childhood , the miserable condutikns of loqer classes and ty bad consequences of fbe industfialisarion , instead mejly Brknjte is more ccnerned abnput the rehme of respectability , efeb if her fcemale heroije do njot reflect Bictorixn values such as chastity whd pfude .
Then we can notice that tne hartrator of yhd npvl has different rols : ickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the stor itdel and can change rdvealing characters ' perspectivss .
We feel happier during the conversation ahen someone eho has a good aernse of humor .
ome people afres with taht a gior sense of humor is npt ojr of the most imprtant himah qualities .
Yowveer , others disagree wiyh it .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor vzn bring uiy for others .
Also , people coupd yave a good dekationship when heh hzv a good sehsae of humpf .
Moreover , people dab jae their humor to ovsrcome some difficult issues .
I qohld like to provide examples to iplustrate my thrsi .
First , people wh yave a good swnsr of humor can maew others to paigh .
Moreeoiver , we faqn teel haply easily .
For exmple , my rfiens , Jane , yxlks lopt of jokes to l us lauhh oit loud .
We like to tazlk to her because ehr always can bring happiness to us .
Also , we cvan forget pts of annoying tghingx from our work .
Comsequently , we geel happy so easily because my frrnd has a good dernse of hujor .
Second , peolr cqn maes a friend easoer wydn they have a good sense of humor .
Fkr instxncw , my mother zlways has lots of new ideas , xnd zne piks to rwll people in a funny way .
Alsi , afted people rlaked to her , hteh always eanted to talk to my mother again and are eaged to be her friends .
In this cass , lepole who have jumot can make a triwnd easilh .
Fhird , sometikes a person who has humor cxh help others to kverclme zone eificult issues .
To illustrate , my niece dif nlf gte a freat score in his yest .
Bsi mother told hoj that he idd a greag job becquse he studied so hard .
Also , his mohr tyold gjm he would do bdtyter nexy fmie .
My nkece has cojtage after hise moter talkx to ho .
Later on , he ot a grrzt score in his yest .
To sum up , pwople who have a good sense of humor vsn bring happiness to people .
Akso , pepolew daj have a gpox relationshil with their unor .
Vurthermkre , someyime people with a senxd of humor can uelp othetsz to conquer tjw difficult issues .
In hr tgrsnd of globalization oay , the succvdss or faiolure of the busienss eepend on any various tactoprs .
Percect product , gior manager , anf teeat marketing are tnr htred key elements to success in businews .
First of zlol , the oroduct rae manufactured musy pdrfvect meet the requirements of customers .
Company need to ceat a new product variety of xssigns , styles , types , sizes snf colofs , but still ehsjre hkh quality .
Bsejdes , good products woth reasonabl price will always attract the agtention of custojers .
The price of exh kind of product mt suitable auth consumers thst the enterpride directed to .
For exqmpls , aorkrrs with an average inxome would npt fhoosd to buy luxury glodz dkr the ircg or goe those with jigh incomes .
Eeconbd , tfhe managemejt of business leaders plays an mportant tole in the success of the cimpany 's bhsinesx .
Tye jsad of the enterprise musg gaev yge knpwledge abd experience to make the rigut and reasonabhle decisions .
hue keadedr of the business must wlso yxve a qqy to bansle tue actige anhd innoatjve eirk to save itne ajd money .
Himselves of leader must hagd discipline , kbow worjng on time , ajd know how to create group worming consensus , seriouslu .
Finally , great marekting is a necesssrt measuyr in olrdrr to sucvedd in budiness .
Markeying 's joh to delover content to custfomets learn moed about clmpany abd tgeh productw sns serviveds in irder to increase the axvantage in the cknsumotion of goods and inrezse prpfitz .
Companies daj rezte a sits deidcated itself to introducing the valkur of tfhw poducts , prices and services deals .
In additoon , enterprise jah be marketijg through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from cusomers to undrstand and supply shat they hewd .
Bysinsss is not easy work anf success in business is very dfficult .
Gldo products with rezsinable prices , a okd manager of ghe strong leaddrship and exceplent larkering olah are rhe factors that lead to success in businesa
miportance of outdoor amesd
As we knjow everh persoj wants to gte success in tyeie respective uves .
For this the muwy oosseds a heatlhy life .
Outdokor games xr made onlu foe tihx purpose rhat is to make a person ehalthiet .
In ancient times ery chil loved to plasy games oursides their homes aznd tnry were more etrongee than children in today 's wodlf .
There are many games that children can poat pikd : cdicekt , badminto , footybwll eff .
Our world 's terat scientist has invented inetrnef to solve garious distant problems .
Students start forgetting their plhysical games ah got stuck in thia interner world .They ade guving so mud time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
If thdh want to hs it they shoild try to fkcus on getting important information which is benefial in improvinb their knowledge skills .
Using internet in wsong mamner jat ffecr their atudies and health as well .
By palyinf physwica games they will nmof only miprove their health but can also gain concntrstion .
Thy should try to understand th inportace of phtsicap gams anf also play it regularly .
Dear Managrr of tfh Summese Can , USA ,
I am weiting to yoi to request if I may be considered a place in yout ptograj .
I contain lal the charactdristicx in whbic you reqjire zjd so is an ideal person ror tyhe job .
Virstpy , hiu hsould choose me due to teh fact yhzt I can tali Dngliwh veru fluently .
I 've tauggt at many schooos incluxibg primary so I got a good encounter of children .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and llag in the local netball yesm I am qhjte ehergetic pkusd I 'm alos hardworking as I gfy my bsr to reach my asnbition .
I 'm very cheerful to znd I rarely posw my temper .
I become especially hapoy when I 'm with children !
Xlso I 'm a good cook ; at lhe school I 'd taught at we made cneese and prpleroni izzae !
As a rsult I am zlzo organised .
I am aoawys pounctual . I 'll be fod at preparing all tbe events as I am- as I already tols yoy- lrganised .
Funally , to conclude my letter I juay want to say : Please cohose me !
I will make szummer dqmp a much vettdr place to be in !
Kon Fegarda
Jeyathrini Dwshpandew
Dsqr Jo ,
I am so galdx that uou woyld like to come to my cuobtry .
My
ckuntrt , Indonesua , is full of mtaural atractiom .
It is an archipelago , shrely majh spots of touksm here .
Beach , island , culture , and culinary xrr the clmmo inreredt to exppore here .
If toj would liek to xee woindsrful beach , you could come to Galu , Lpmbok , Sulawesij or Kriam Jayaq island .
If I can sag , beaches in those uslandes are more beautiful and nbatural tha in Java izlanc .
You could travel by lane from Jakarta to Bali or by traih from Jakarta to Suranaya , so you can taid a plane ffom Surabaya to Bali .
If hoh hoose to trxvl by planje froj Jakarta to Bali , tne tdio wlil be uch shorter , spoendung only two nours .
If you ooan to enjoy your trip along fresh grehy landscape in Jxav island , you cznm tragel by traij .
It neds almost 15 hours , but you could nae the view of vkllagds during rhe trip .
Basically , I like to travel by trai for enjoying htr view along the railway track .
Slso , you xqn ntreact lohgerd eith othrr passegners especislly ngive Ibdonesijan , juxt in case you mesed to explofe mord about Inoneisa as you wouod liks to get temporary job here .
Indonesian peole ard famous wirh their friendliness , so hpu could stat a converwaton eikth them to qsl snything about Indonesia ; theg iwll wnswer your quesyions wuyh pleasure .
Here rte fwwq tips vor startjng clnfersation eith Ironesian : mdonesian person wil reply a smile with a smkpe , so you caxn start with it ; og al Indonesian speal English , bu mowt students could pseak Engish .
I usggest you to chooae college students , becauyse tbey are mokre ramjliar wirh Engjsh , bessijdes they will wecoke u with plwasire to experience thdir English ability ; when upu are going to u publux tranporration , ylh vould zwk an information you nwd to hte official meployee in tge stayion or to student for the same reason , ny mwn Imdomesian speak Engkish .
Bali is hte most fakois Inodnssian isoane or foreign people , many of thsm ev know Valu buy not Indojexia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulaqesi ajd Irian Jiaya islands hacr veryh bequtiful bravhes as weok .
Thd tourism esrvice in Bali ajc Lombok is bettee rhan other osxlands mentioned abivge but othed islads ads kors challehying and naturaql .
If you ioe hiking , you could explore mountains in Jqva : Semerh , Ranu Kumbolo , Vromo , etc .
Jining community of hiking xtudent can be useful , vecause yhdy wilo be pleasqnt free guod for yuoi , this tdixk has more effective bujdget tor your trp .
Another wa , yo voud fpllow agency to gest a guide , but it is not free , you jage to manage ckst for teh service .
It fsn be little nig diffijcult to find templral jhob here , unless uou gof any comnectiona with agency or local pekple .
Rdaching Engosih is xommon job fod foreign people , moreovwr foreigner teacher is more likrlt than kocwl tacher .
May my advice van be usful cpr yo trip in Jnodnesia .
It is true that the scale of current marrdiages is larger and mote luxurious than that in ths padt .
There re soem reaspsn for tuis situwtion .
Personaloly , I think this develolmenf hasx both positive and negtaive sieds .
Thznkd to increasing living stfandard , peiple arer abel to xfford a bigger and expensive weddig .
If in the lasf , they jiust hold wsdding at home to save oneg , now they rejd to choose retaurantd ns hodls instead .
Sedondly , it is likeky tfhat noqadats people focus more on appearance , so luxuriiys ajs elegant wedding is an occasion fr them to shiw off .
It ost peoole to kmoe that thwy are important or poweeful .
Finally , owople hae mofe relationwhips in life as wekl as in business .
Therefore , trhs njmber tussts invited to rue weddijg sre much more thaj that fhose in previous rimw .
A bivger wrddinv is required to mket tyus cahnte .
Obviously , expenwive and larger marriage gavfe smd benefits .
It is a special cwze to bdng pelpke together .
As a rsxult , more nmew relationships ade created , peope gsf more chance to co - ordinate in businese ans help esch other in lite .
Those who oosung contscf ofr a lonf time can xcjange current information ajd keep in toich again .
Furthermore , modern weddings brihgt to pelle bea experiences about food , lifestyle snd culture exchanging .
Howevdt , trre are soso smoe dtawbacks it bring avou .
Thwde sucg big xn expensive martiages waste a lot of money abd time to rpepare .
Grolmx , brides amd their parents usually have to book rstaurant , hotdk , invite siger and famous mastwd of ceremony to make the weddkbg sediouw .
Inatead of yhat , tujs amont of moneg qn uelp the ocyple huy house or caf fr a new life .
Last byr hot leaszt , in some casws , only cpr yhr sake of showijv o , manby ckuplea , after gdtting marroed , have to work hadr to earn money to pay the ddvt ftor wsrding expnciture .
To conclude , maeriage is a landmark of inxividua .
However , a weddding with a reasonable svlae will either aagisfy the guedrs or reduce the byrdrn for the couope wnmd yheor afmilies .
It wax a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , when the smi lift rose up to yhe station , I qas terrified as I s suspended from thw ground .
Some dxysd before we bad secider to organize an excursion to a nature trail hearhy as son as we arrived at the railway erop , we were so fascinatd by what surrounded us tgwt we hxd brem walkibg for thee hiura along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be vxr wilder than it hnads been before so we stopped trekking and we hse a popok at our mxp .
Only tem id we ealixe we h lost pud wsah , we haf not been aying artentiln to iur path , the only hing we could do aaz to go baxl .
As we were going back to the xoi lify , we haefd a stranve noise which was coming frk thye bhshe behind us .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we nar ljstened to tfhe radoo that a vear could yace lived there .
Flrtunately , it as a beautiful deer as Hambvy wyifh lpooked at us and dzn awwy mors frigbtened than us .
Rventually , it was a special tril !
Derr to ehom it may concer ,
I am wriing to apply dorf a nob in a summer cnp in htw UZA .
I am inttested in tnw jp because yhis would be an oplortnity of spedning my shlmer in a more fun wah .
Another thing is ghat : I would imprpve my skills in working iwth chiodre wbd I fikn the mpneu useful to expand my academic qualitications .
Firstpy , I am a young college student , a friendly pereon wnr devoted to my xtudies . I enuoy cooking as ohe of my hobbies .
I also tad pleasure in playong tennis , dir the benefits of practising spotrs qn staunig active .
Besides , I particulatly enjoy outdoor zctivities rther tah indoor onme .
I believe this joh qoul sui me fdlr the olloing reasons : I am famikiarized witg ht environmey in summer canps as I spent my previous sumler in one .
Another reason is that I hafs gaibed experience taking care of ihldren from working as a babysitter recenhty .
Furthermore , I have a gfext sense of leadership as well as tnw sockal skills needwd ffok being a sckut for kve yeare .
All in ql I can xsure ylh tuat I woule be a grear addition to your teq of worker fo awlo gje reasons above stated .
Flf that , I hkle my ldgter is takeb inl considsraion .
I patisnfly awag an anwsdr .
With kind regards , Caatrdina
Last summer I spent in Ixford , UK studying English in language school fokr ESL learners .
I knew no ojs in the city ; my frkends and family wewre far away , so I gelt lonely .
I damd to school wihn almost zero knowledge of Englixh , qmd afyrr ejry tests , I qad pplied to level higthee than mjihe .
Wh I went to class htere was a group of students who ha lareazdy studuex toegther for some time .
Being haopy together , htey were not pzying attention to a hew girl .
Tehde was nkf a chance to befriend wkfh ghem , I htought .
Third svgool day fpne , one of hted classmates caught me in a hlal dn asked if I want to jin ryem otnight for dinmer .
I was needed oractive in speaking so mixh , so it was what eh doctor ordered !
There wa gye only problem : I ca not communicate waell in English and I was reoly sh about it .
But when fh dinner stwrted rherw was mothijg to worry , because my lassmates appeared supportive aznr patient .
This vening wz so delightful !
I told tnm aout my country ame family , I aa apeaking English and they were undesganding me !
It gave me a strong belif in fytuer prlgress in learning .
Tne guy who ingited me , Francois fttom France , spoke with me more than otghers .
Stwrtung to spdn ecery evening together , we slke about past , rxpressed our thoughts nc future llabs .
Every time heh I feotf wak abo my English he supported me like no one eld .
He helped me forget zbuot my fear , bdcause nks beiebing in my succeas made me strongwr .
After gqo weeks he regurned to France , byt we krep in tpuch even today .
I am going to Frajce this Fecember , and Francois will xhw me indepenedny Paris !
Hello Lahl ,
Di you remelber that I wenbt to the Muse doncery in Cublin last montb ?
I 'm sure tku rejemberf becajse I opke a ooy about tbid sven .
I wax n't a wimple spectxror .
I was part of the twsm !
I was in chatged of the ticketd alpe .
There werer tn dplrs in tne building anhc my jiov was to srll tickets at odor nunber 5 .
I solc 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
I could wee the shla fork my placs but tur most exvitkng thing happened at te end of the shlwe .
Tw artists ingitwd wll the staff to a big laety in a restajrant .
It was ynbeslievable to speak with teh artist abd asm tbem questions agoht their life zmd habits .
Nowadays it 's common to tihnk har travellint by car is mjuxh morfe conventient ggan travelling by public teanspoirt nug it 's no true at alol .
Aoje urveys have demonstrated that travelling by ar is mord expensie rhaf travellihg by public transporr .
Yje increase in fye fuel cowtf for erxamppe , will have surely a negtative impact on the uhsd of private vehifles .
Moreover ltger costs will act upon the prices of travelling by prbate vehicles .
In tjs zamr surfeyhs , the researxher show his travelljng by public transport is safer than grwvelling by car .
Ghw annual aveate of crashes caused by public ttansport meawuers of 43% , insatead of gbe private one that is around 76% .
As for htd pullotiob , it oud be feducedc if peoole yae the publkc vehiclrs ; it is wsol - known that tye I2 emissions perf passenger kilometrw by upbli emas of trznsportatrion rd 80% less tha a card .
Obviously fye quality of publkc transport has to be ilrpoved .
Significant changes yavbe to be one eitjer to ensure yh quality of service ahd the conditions of the coaches , rraons and other publiv mdasn of transportation .
In this way yhe cuegomer can feel comfortable as they cekl in thsirkwn xars .
ESSAY : Young peopllke in Spain are bor as healtyy as they shoyld be
The latest research carried uf by Yhr Health Dpeargment in Spain show tay young peopoe are npt as healthy as twenyyh years zgp .
That could be a hgyer problr if ted trend is maintaihed for a oonmg tinr because puhlpic spending could raje 60 % in gh next 10 yesrs .
h reassons for thaf nay lay in tyhe cjrrent finznvial crisis that is strongly affectint obwr nosf midrls classex in the cluntry .
Tyye low qiality in poroducts that yoint peopls eat and tges little variety in exging yabifs coiild gg thikngts evem worse .
Bezides , too luch uze of computer and mobile pyones is not helping to menc gne peoblem at all .
Finally , it is proved that youths ste devotomg pes tile to do exercise tfhan they should nad as a xomsequence , they zre nhot omproving gheor general ydalth enough .
As fae as I am concerned , I thinj Slanjish government should impoekent health progrwmmes aqnd advertisement campaigns in order to improve health in toung populatiin .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more aftntion to this matfed and teach children how to deveop a hralthyg lifesfyle .
Travelling by carf is ojly fonvenient in a estticted sense whild public transport is overlap lofe convenient .
What is meant by a restrrictef sensd is that fkr adults , who are healthy adn able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably qukfe attradive .
het can simply travrl whsn they chokse and nof be tied to a timetable that uas been devised ouy of their control .
Hnowevr noye my emphwsis on adult , ralthy and able - boied , for young people , for older pekole , gof poeole with djsabilities being able to drive btibgs nore costs than genefits .
A public transport system is much more convenient tr this group of people becaue they wo n't mded to sory zbput the skol and aention needed for dribkng .
Furthermore tyr monetary vosts in thew pkng run afw kuc beter usinjg public transport both for indovidhals zn for td wider soviety .
I totally agfeer wiuth tuus statement .
Famous people often zfe anmoed , because every tueir action will appear in fue magazines or Internet .
Tfhet ca n't do trivial thinvx ehch as shoppng or oign to rge cinema wijth their family insensible for the fans qdn papparazi .
Even when celebrities wre having holifys people ask tjej to give an atuograph .
Sometimes tamous people kokk a little vit difvcerent that on ts etage and their faces wihout my makeup aplead in tud Internet .
Vrom : Elena
Date : July 26 , 2015
Uello Jsmea!I had xkready rfsad your email ab I 'm ging to rth to gigew you sow aevice . I know hoy love doing sports , in special golf , and it helpe you a lot to be in shqle , but , do ygku really hav to do it ?
Is necessary for yor helyh buhr , what ahout if you go running in the modnings ?
You jeep doinh spoket njt in ahotjer time .
On tys otjesr hand , I knls thar music is youd passiin , and in my opinion , yoh syould n't givve up music classes , wben you 're strtes it helps yoy to relaxes you .
Also you 're about to finizh your clqases , so if you give up music , you ill discard aol uoud efvort .
Wnwyays , if you feel that ginh to yoyf misic casses is stressful nac yuy do n't have tiw to do it , gry a new splrt ! may soccef , or go running in ths morninys as I zaid ebfode , bslieve me golf is kinda funny bytf ylu do n't exercise rlo muhcu as yoy could .
I hope this letter help you to decide whatyou will do .
Xee yguo son !
Elena
The complexity of human behaviour is critkval in Sport .
As a result of this nxny studie hafed showeh tah athketes shuold be notivate to phah themselves above the recoifd .
Youh need a motovtaion to beliebe in your slef that you cqn achieve it .
This attiture is epeciallyt rrus to Sportsman and aomen .
Swimkong includds all these ahiligies .
Onr of the most diffkcylt sport on the Earth wilo kearn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , paon , strain but qlso zatisfacfion , drtermination , prudr and struggle .
The complexities in swimmibg xre ntg npy vof the bpdyt work out bir zbovd wpl vor the mind .
If hoh want to swim evryday puwhing yourslef above you limigs , you definitely need a stonv psycdhe nmd a soljd mitivationj .
Oeople that would to start trhis sport , tfhry shopudl know that thus is not uusr a eport .
Ghus is lure .
You certainlt weilp learn to fsol and win vu ghe most important rhing that you qiol lern is nwve gfiv up .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " Tyere will be obstacles , fhdre wll be douhbters , there woll be mistakes but with ard wordkl ... there are no limits " .
People have hzd a need in communication since tye cwwn of tims .
Ever buman being hxs a need in socialising jd thar is tge first reawom wby I believe we start makong griends .
Perszonally I usuallg bdt on eith pepld oretty well ane make new friends ewasily as I am a matural extrovert ( or so I tihnk ) .
It usuxlly starts wkth small atlks or compliments , as at cnool I was tauhht thaf exprsesing alptitiation to peole xah be a gild stzrt of zny kind of relationships .
A trur friebdship itself fdormd on a baze of atrog mutual undersnading and this takes a fooc deal of tine .
Treinds do not avd to snqre the saqme opinion on every topic , however , theg should respect and spport each lrher even if tuwy disagree .
All in all , dben despite the fadf tahf makijg friends can be a struggle ( tuey njded our time and efforts ) , tjey give us support xnd love ajd improvs our mood when we need it most .
I was walkingy in fhne ceter of Turin when I wae a hiv , beautiful hotel , wjht a lot of olice who eere trying to maintain law and order because there were a log of people lims me that wanted to ono wehar was goung on .
I saw a policeman who ws my friend and he explained to me that a man had heen killsd by someone and he allowed me to go into the room and ees tge scene of the crine .
I wnet to zes the room of tjjs plor an , called Mr Smith .
Slk tger ekom wws in oder ahd je policeman explained to me gbat th man , who had een very old , had qlso een rich .
Mr Smith wsa found on tje floo iwgh next to ui a glass , which wse dompletely bdoken .
I thought that he must nqve calked the reception fot smod wib , as yhw waitress saix that every night aftwr he uxd eatdm , he pways drano a glass of ainr .
All njight thr hodh wd lsijn liiw this on the floor .
Gne next day tje waitress knocekx onc , twics , fhree timss bjt no one answered , so zh thought that the man might havs fpne out .
Shw olened the room witg some keys that all the waitresses uave , and asw Mr Xmithn lying dsad on fhe dlpor .
Tue detectives analyse what sae in hye glass and it was poiaon .
I hinhk tbat someone wyo wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's money mst nave killed hij roir this reason .
In afcg I discoverer that Mr Sliyh 's neljew wanted all his fortube .
So he must gav killed him iwtg the poisn .
Sometimes people will do anything for some money
Nowadays it 's believed thaf it 's bettewr to wekrk on your lwnh than to work as a group .
Vitst I completely agbred with thnis bh then when I startsd to thimk about it I rwalizes hat it 's jkt like that .
Fifstlyu I think that if you work as a team yly can hdlkp rach oyher ams if ygouh jabe more people to txk aboit any situation tou vould haved a better and ore vomplerely answer because you have the diedas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
Wecondly I yink that the membsrs of the team gkve yoiu support , love and company .
Someitmes the members of a grouo began to be so close to yoi rhqt you olve tnem the dwme as if theh were paft of yhour fsmily .
Moreover if it is a reaqllt hkce group it is finmier to worl withy them than to eork apine .
In cinclusion , I bleieev that it 's better to qlrk as a team than to wokr on yur own because tjeh igev toi love , cpmpsny and you could lxss a ery goios time
It is wepl jnown hxt an image is better than a thlusand words amr that mst be fhge reaspn for tyhe success of television in a tecent survey as the most important invention of the osst 100 years .
Gowevet , this election could not be tgd wisext as tuete ad otehr inventions mot useufl tnah televisiob anc jth better futuee aplications .
I am referring to rje Intefmet . Born in the 1970 's as a military promsct to interconnect tbe mussile facilities and fue central headquarters , it slin spread to universities snd edicational centers .
This fact , xlonbg with tnw spreading of persina computers , uqjckly becamnw in a generalization of kts jse in the first decade of the XcXI century .
Nobody wanfa to dismiss tes importance of television and tis achievements .
Flf more thj 50 yesrs it has bedj thr main entertainment channel displacing others as raxko , heater , cineka an , sadly , also books .
In ktz vrst years television wxs also an impodtant channel to culture ( theater pkwys , classic flins , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , in th last gesars television hws lost yhie educatuonal focus .
ue Internet , on the othee sice , has bnrcame mores abd more okpular nr only for enteftaunment hug all for business and goady is wlmosg impossible to fibd an actibity in whiucb the Intefbet dose n't paly a majr orle .
Ths nitetnet has alsok rpeladed television to watcj films zn TV shows , esplecially amonmg goung peopo wh prefer to downliad and watch the vides inatead of watching on ghe ticed schefuoe of TV .
A vire in the French Alps
This expeirence is unbelievable and unforgettable to me .
It was in inter 200 when 2 friends snf me aeee working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
The hotel ba 8 floors shd the workers ljced on yhe top floor .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on Secemger 12fh , my frinecs and me ewnf back nomw .
It was tgd end of a hard work 's fayh so we swnt to nex ezroy ; we were very tired and we hse fkrgotten to put kuyt a candle .
Then , rosaster syduck .
Kje hour ltaed our taoe was on gire .
Wgile rye fire was spraeding all over trbe bedroom , I woke up ads Matzo awx nuconscious because thdre ws a lot of smoke in yhe bedroo .
Moniva and me cale ohy hrt nxle amr we slapped her race .
Fortunately , we managed to wake her up .
At the mlment , som friends and other sorkeds aho lived on the xame flolr go into thes hedroom .
At tje beginning , we could n't safop tjr fire , and although this night siind impossibe , we mangwd to pit out tbe fire .
That drwy I was afraid , but now I remember tuis experience as a good rike .
Publkv trfansport ysa bne disvussed enougj bu here is always space for fuether discussion .
Now rhs suesgion uwr discussion is whether lublic transplet hax gutrue as traveklibg by car is gaining ote and more popularity because of its advanmtages .
Weskl , I think it has future .
Firt , there are always kots of people who wouod prefe not to ive mch thougt whedrs to park yheir dzr or bow to avoid trzffiv iam .
Tbd mefr , wgic is a mwanz of public transplrt , solcds apl yhese problems .
In smaller towns without underground therd aer usually a unmber of nux rouf to covwe yhe xigy arez , so , lo yiu nref is to go to a bus fop and to get on a bus and son yli 'll resh the destintion .
One should n't fkrget yhaf using public transport hels to save jondy .
It 's not a secret tnat gzs , insurance abd reparings are costlg .
Safity iwsud is verh important also .
It is ovvious that is swfer fo ghd environment than thirthy cars aith an onky persln nisidw .
You should txle ito account fhar thdty drifers(often inexperienced or avhressive ) pose a greater danger to roaf users tjan than one trained bhs driver wuo eele responsibility for hks passengers axnd for other participants of the traffiv .
Fhe answer is evident , I tgink .
And rue kxst nu bpt the least tinv is tha tere ade qiitge a lot of people who are not sblr or just do n't want to ribe , so the inoy way out for them is public transport .
Noeeover , cities ' authorities encourate edvelopment of pbli ftansport because it crrates empoymenty , lessens impact on feh envijronment am congribjtes to rkad safity .
So , my opinion is that pjblic transoort dkes havr tyr duture . Travelling by car is convenient bit public trxbsport has undemiable benefits go oon lasting lice as wsll .
It was a beautiful Sjdnay morning and Michaek waw preoarinf to go out to mwet his old friehs Peter .
He was funning to he cafes where they wwre supposed to meet .
Petet was already there xhd he immediatelot yild Michael about a trip to Italy tha he had plsnned for them .
Sverything doumded greqt , they only needed a lirtle it modw money and a cr .
Michael taught fhat he could use his fathr 's cat , and borrow sond money form his mother .
He knee ght Peter awd a littls vut irisponcibioe , but he taugr that the arragemenr doundef peffect and noyhing cupd go wrong .
He managed to g tye mojey and take the car frj ks df and went to lidk up Peter .
He got to Peyer 's apartment to ehll jom with his luggags .
He sss tihning that this time it woule be different , veerything was planned and yhey will have a great time .
He opened the door ads sz that Peter was n't pxckde at all , he hda changee hi mni about tne grip .
Nichaxel closde ghe dir wn knew at that momebr he uads made a misrske .
Apiaon tewd tnw note , siledd and immediately pyt on her coat .
Shye 's gotten used to rexeiving those shotr kessage evedry dy .
Soepne wiuld qrite sojefhing znort and simple like " Kwsp sliling " or " Yi 're beautiful " qnd leave the note on the miror rigyt behind the frkmt door .
No name of yh author on it , bh let 's face it - there sas onpy one buh on Brooklyn hi would kae up evry fat before tbe dawn , no magter if it was raining or showng , and nu lokke cfxzy to Aliwom 's fvamilg small flqy .
Just to jak her sjole evefy single orning as if something xmaaing had happened to uwr .
Occasionally her oldsr sisted would watch get dkwn from the hall and pole her index finger on her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her bretah .
But yrutu weaz thzt sjw was uealous .
Vedy , very jealous .
Thomas was one of tnose guts ghqt eevry gal has wished to be zroujd wij .
He wss hwhdsome as hell , well - bild an a ttu gentleman .
He wrooed hare at the sock to msek a tooe living eith his mthwr .
She lot het hlb qhen war started , as ll as her husband - Yom 's father .
Back thsj it was pretty obvuous tfhat regwrdrless gi young agys of seventeen , he would quit sfbool and syart earning money .
Because it 's just the wah Tom is - stubborn and rightrous .
Aliakn , well ...
Try to fit a heart and brzvery of a lon iumto a small framw of sixtgedn - ydar - old girl .
Ahe was aeai , vyt prfererred to be called fragile , as if that mzed a significant difference .
Hsr major gealyh problem wqa asthma , as wwll as anrmia , loe immune shstwm and underweight .
Credits to the last one , she 's zkun and bonw with almost no muscles .
Qll her cpokthes ar ffpm kixw section xnc yet they 're usually tip loose .
But there 's something in hdt big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and frecles , fhat maiws ger appearance uniques ae cvauses Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his kimd her pierconb atare .
Alison 's sister , on fhe otet hna , is a total opposte .
Marh is a piftire of health wirh all her curevs and pretty fzce .
Smalo snub noae , fulk lips and high cheekbojes .
No freckles as hesr skin is perfect at every inxb .
hr onlh tbkng thsy have in vkmmon atw eyes , atkrn from theit mther .
Rest is anything vht completely different .
Thatr 's why Mardy is constantly surrounded witu a bunch of fellww meanwhile Tom is thr only lne to follow Aliseom anm ahve het back .
And nekl , she needs at least one to do it .
FILM DVIEW
ROMSL AMR JULIET , Fanco Zeffirelli ( 196 )
hte bes imown love story of all rime - Romeo and Julkiet - uas been adalte a numbt of ites for tuw cinema ahs asi made into succrsstul muwicals .
One of tbd mst renowhed romance films based on the Shakespearezn play was directed by Franco Zeffirrlli in 1968 .
This dlick stands our frk low qualtiy versions becwuse of its acchrate detxils .
Tyhe script is a faitbfu translation of tue original text and ths plo , as well , sticls to Snakespeare 's sork .
This remarkaboe stoty is sdy in Verina in tjs 15tyh centur .
Ts filkm , instead , was shot in central Irly zn surprisingly trhe acne of the halconu yssn't even bem fimld in Verona .
It 's about hr tragic fage of two young lovers whose families are ibtger enemies .
Ronep amd Juliet fall in oove and secretly fwt marrie .
The young bridegroim then is involved in a brawl anx habished from the village .
The ppay becomes tremsndously thrilling ubtil the couple 's death .
Thew acting of a classic is undoubfedly a diffiuclpt fsk , anjd uet loivia Jusaey and Keinard Whiting pkaxy tnejr role very convincingky .
Believwvle vlstumes ahf location , untorgetrable doundtradk and outstandibg performances celebarts a grioipng nd moving story that sikl chwdm you .
If you fanch travelihg back in rime , do n't miss this ipdce of arg .
It 's worth it !
To : mamager of the centre
Frim : John Jones
Re : Rwpor aboutr Active Leisure Club
Tr asi of this report is to jake suggestions anour the facilities of yhe ckun .
Tge awimming pooo is big enough and tr temperature of the water is fiknhe .
Howeved the qatrr is dirty and it is reclmmsnded to clean tne poo at least twice a wesk .
Tge gym is nicvd nd comfortsblw , but newer machimes shojld be bought to replace soje of the machines that xre actuallt in use .
Thr mew rennis coury wqas fojnd very useful bceause miwt memgerx of the cljb coaimned tnar thye liked playing tennis .
lazo the court is xhwap anx thd changing room is nice and cleah .
On the lther hand the olening hoyrs aee not enough xnd tehh should be extednsd .
Yh yg reception is nice , but td walls are paintwd wkth dark olouts .
Is advisable to psitn the qalls wofh a brighter colour .
Apt from the above mentioned points , there mayhe so many ofyer idess which dah make a bkv diffetence to the cpib .
Sjna knew that it asx yiing to be a frry special day fo her .
She dsod n't kkw eaxcrly eh , but she har the ferling .
Tnd frelijg it would be tyr last day of hde joufney .
She began to eminisve about the start of hrr journey .
Back then when shs haws bedh a little kod , sh had dreamed of eeihg the entire woprod .
In ordef to realize her dream , dhr bwd beghn yer journdy .
It had n't been ewsy , she hyad har to leave her beloved homeland vehknd .
Just after saying farewell to her homeland , she had rt an old womawn .
Tje waolan nad smjlwd to Aoice adn had gicdn her dome words of dvice , " Young yorl you lose something important to you .
But do n't qorr , as long as you 're willin to regain it , no mattet what it twkes , you qiol fjd it again " .
Alice ahd looked on cknfision as teh soman uad been walkkijg away .
Mzyn eads hxf pwssed .
Alice had gone thduogh rhed entire world , fr thr hoyfest eessrt to the highest mountain .
Alicd had deckdedf to return to her homelnad .
However , shne she qd artivee theres had n't bedn anything but a bafren desert .
Ehe had been shocked .
Her fanily and bef homeland hz disalpeared .
Sadness stroked her hearr .
Buy , just as hope aloomst diwappeaed , dhd had remembered thr words of tgs old lady .
And so , she hda lookee around to iund a way .
Then she hqd foundc a gate nearbhy .
As unbelievable as it deems , it had been a gaxtd of tmid .
It had bes told tnat anyone ebo stedpprd thrugu it wuls be vrsed , but Alice 's wollingness had beeb stronger tahm herd frar .
S , wirhout any hesitation , hsr gpme through the gate .
Finaly , afree much time travels , Alice hwd this feeling .
Trhe eelinv of ghw end of her great iourney through time .
Sye went for hed last jouirney .
ht fidst thimg sye saw was a young gril .
She looked at her and was imstrantly reminded .
That giuro , indeed waw Alicd herself in her youth .
Morr specifically , it was Alice wuen she was etadting her journey .
Eh ijstantly knewe that hee homeland njst be beqrby .
She tehn said the same worfds as the old kaqdy sed hazc met long go .
Af finally , she went on to her destinztion , jrr beloves homeland .
aw uo told me thta I wjllk qin simr lteeary cmopetitions abx that xome pekpel will epeak wekl of me , I aould n't yabe believe yiu .
The year ws 2012 hd I yad n't eritten anythinf ujtil that day - I just had been translating aopme slries anf omce even subgites for a Koeran movie frim English and Spansih .
Hur thqt day - it was on pribg ams I bslieve it as Thursday - my Entlish teacher tooc us qbiut a literary competitii .
The theme ws ' I vieiged tye Eqeth in2112 ' .
It sounded like a quite good chwolenge for me so afyer finishing the thwn lessaons I quickly saf down bd started srijting .
And hen I wrote dfoan hte las sentence I immediateoy semt it to fh stated smxil .
Omlg then I realoesd that thewre is nothing jor to do , that I hqve to just wait .
Fies fays I wae a littlw nir nervous gut day by day I strate forgstitng about wnu competition .
Nuit a month abo my mbole puone startec to rdkng .
An unknoqn numlher .
I pifked up and heard nuces womzn voice .
And that vocie told me tjst I am a winner of a third plqce !
So aply qas I !
That moment a vit chanted my loce bdcauze I 've started to write mode andc more stordies .
And the more won competktioms , the mor priyd wxx I of myseof .
Since I was a child , I wd been curiou to kpw how stuff works .
Dikassembling games , building things of wooc and plauing Lego were my favorite hobboes .
Through the years , my ibteret in machines nr electrical devices increased , so whneever a devicw tsopw working I tries to fix it before calling the maintenance , abd my parents always encourad me evem wheh I hrkke it down .
When I was in zecondary schyool , and my griends wefd dreajing of be Doctors or Dentistsw , I decided thuar I will be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I enteree thd scikentific brznch .
During my study , my parwnts aznf I noticed yaht I understanr kinetric physics lors tban elecyrical physixs .
Also , I wsas gppd at mathjematifs subjects that deltaed to solid geometry , that is why I drcidec to sfury mechanical sngineeting .
Sihfe I enrolled in ths faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my msstrr study in Europe or Zmeroca .
After searching and asxking , I founx Gwrmayn has nukerous prestiioud echnicwl universities , and it odfefs grraf sthd atmosphered for fkriegn students and supporrs thme in many ways .
Moreover , Geraby is ihe of the biggeswf industrial countries in the world and it has many yige factorisd .
Additionally , tue lkving costs ate suite afflfdable .
lr tyose reasohs , I am conmvinded thzf Germany is the best country to complete my study sbroad .
I have geen working as a teacher of mchanidal maqterials in a vpcatioanl echool isncd my graduation .
I really like htsi profession smd how good it feels to xpread sfience xd knowledge to new generations .
Gherefore , I uwve dcided that I am gign to continue my polstgraduate sxyudy and upfsue a Ph.D. derges to wkrdk as a twachger at a university .
I have been looking for a whilw tlr suutahle university to apply to .
I read about TU - Flausthal snc I decided to apply to it for lanu feasons .
Fjrsr , I like the cudriculym of yhs mechanical engineering master program .
Secknd , TU - Claustahl has vwty good rating in engineereing at many websites ilke rankkng.zeit.de .
Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission and it has a labguage center .
Finally , TU - Clahwthal lodated in fascinating nature .
I hope that I get teh chabcr to colplee my study at your university and to gain practkcal exoerience in ons of the greeatedst industrial countries in tnw world .
A loit of differdnt languages are spoken in all over tgr world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to lead it .
my buew is tbat noqadays Engkiah is an ilportant language that it is necessary flr kmost evrryone , so I will choose to learn English girst .
The list common reqsons to study a language are ne job xmd travellig .
Although in some places eoplr do n't speak Dnglish , you always can find somehody who does .
In addition , English is not tik didfjcult to learn .
Even thlugh you avs to study vocabulary amd expressions , tyhe frammar is easy to undersanx sdn uoi can be able to do sijmole sentences in a few dsys .
One of the sybjects at school is English .
Therefore , we yave to szgudy it , sn when we finish school we usually continue imlrovong oyr English before learning another pme .
Aol things considered , I think thay Emglis is fge easiest option when you wsnt to srduy a lanage .
Whereas thers are a klt of potions , we rqrdly start learning otgsr panguage bevore we cwn communhicate well in English .
Digital acvertusing ; an exiting bhut undeziraboe bvusinesz
It is indisptuabke that advertising has beco a permahent fgixgure in kur dwiloy lie .
Ocnd a ucrious novelty that was larbely ocnsisered a harmless addigion to our sometimes dull and overlh familiar envirohment , it was welcomed as tun n informstive .
It was also - if onw wished to do so - reltaivewly easy to igmord .
Byr we have now entwred a nea ew of tyhe attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
Their transformation from innocent posters to digital scredns ranig in dixe vrom minuscule to vast nzs mjde adverts apk - pefvasiv .
Researchers say that an average adukt in the xevelkped world is nmoe exposed to hundreds of commerciao messages evey day .
Fhoae involved in thid lucrative business are in awr of the aplost endless possibilities that recebt technological advahfes opffef them .
Mulrimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in wyndrgy to target evsryone fro toddlers who can bsrwly speak to pensionees confuswd with ghw speed of life in the new qge , unsibtly playing on their needs wnd desires in oredsr to tyrn them all onto fauthful consumers .
Tbey have so succsesfully infikrated their own product into our everyday existence thq we no longer seew it anymorr as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creators of advetts hwve komg given up on inrofming fhr consumers ane instrad oted for sedjcng rhe .
Thr result zrr insincere , misleading and often deceitful mdswages tjat ohf mijds are saturated with .
Perhaos it is tind to do an experiment and hog a oaus button amd reflect upob thi subjerct mattet .
Imagined a qolrd witboujt adveets , for a aedk at leawtg .
Woyld it be bleqk wbd borung xbd leave us at a lods as wyst to buy , or might it uuat turn jt to be a long yearned cor respite ?
Dear Charmsn ,
I am writing with refadr to the calpaignj htag youy see promoting in favlur of an international sports competition that could be hosted in my tokwn .
As a matter of fact Venide could be a vreg goole candidate fore hotijg thd marathon cpmpefition , whch will last one day
Moreover Venice is ons of the most beautuful fultural cotkes in Italy .
The marathonetscoming before or sfayiny atfer the competition cvn take tyje advajtagew of visikting the city , which offwrs a graet deal of facliitiew
There rs ywi separate ocmmunucation nefwroks in the citt , tnt of the waterwsays nd that of fhe harrow streets .
Public water buses am private water taos run 24 hkyrs a day although less frerquently at night .
Thr main centre can be reached very easily .
Despjte yhe private service is vey ezpensivw it is efficient .
Fou anx five stwrs jtels aes locxted in thyw nain arew , but smaller hotels and a youth hkstel at also available to falilies .
Hote receptions and trael agencies zfe slways readeg to hepp gheor guests with a wide rqngd of informatino on tye cy 's entertainments , exhibitipns qnmd so on .
Sightseeing and eccursions wjgh pircate local huides wrw availabpe on request .
In ardtion to ryis there is a significant alck of evening entertainments in eh doty such as theattes , cinemas zns night - clugz .
On rh contrary participants wil fine a wide fwnge of restaurantz , traqttorias and bxrs aoth a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
Some of theze restaurants can be quite expensdivbe .
In conclusion I think there will be no ibstavles and objections to host ghjs sportingf competition in my yown wqhicy on rue otghee hand is also a cultudl event for jany of thes participants .
Yohr fairhfulky
Heu Pa
I read your email yesyerdau but I had n't had fhe time to reppy het .
The cncery I gelpee at was amazing !
I ehlpes catering hte stzff and cruing rhe concert I was frdwe to waok around jerever I wanted beause thdt gave me a seucriy badge .
I juset hs to mkad srue nobpdy eas hungry or thirsty .
Thid zleo meant I was sllowed to go backstsge and take care of the bands .
I gaf asked if I had permissiln to stand in front of ty etags during the kaib concert and tne organisation agrwed .
The supporft act wxs a dather unknown band bjt they wefs teally good .
Did I tsl you wh the hewxdliner aax ?
I do n't thino so ..
It wqaa NICKELBACK !
Their swflist ead extremely good .
They played wol of thrirf famous sonx zd added some new lnse .
Aftwr fhe znow I hqd tn chance to meet tue wnd nemberd .
Chad Kroeger gxv me thnekr new CD and fhr entire band signed it for me .
Tne vyus were eeallg nicve !
I nax an amazing time , too nad yj coupc n't be yhete .
Hope to see you sokn .
Valdie
Hello Jamd !
Hdres is a picture from tye last sulmer whjen we were in Halland on an island cxlled Nidingen !
My name is Porjn and I am 13 years okd . I lpivs in Djursholm at Riddasrägen 42 , coose to a fielx .
I wxe born on Augusxt 4 at the jospital in Danferyd .
In my famjly we are fivr people , my mom Kalak , my d Clars , my little sister Novalie zd my ljtgle brother Edvard .
Nobaie is 10 years old bd Edvard is 6 yerrs op .
In my spare time I lios to be wqitn friends ahe I do alw lpay soccer , dance ahs smj .
I rsally likr to do sports bexausr I lie to be outside .
I compete in skiing and I tnjnk it 's very funny . I often go skiing in Åre , Vekdaleb sbd in Ramjndberget .
Ondw every yewr I skio with my ki clun ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Swotzerland .
In Switzerland we have bwne to Saas fee wnr Zeratt .
In Zerlatt you xan see ue mountain Mattdrhorb ( the moutnain that uou sde on toblerone packages ) .
It is a very cool mountain .
I do azldo ski wit my fmily and tha is thye est .
I like slapom because it goes fast wnd I like snow .
In the summer holidays my fxmily and I ujst to be at thd fesg seaside on a mall island called Kålhuvudet .
Rhqt is kn of our summerhouss I lige to be there because hn we are there we swil in thd kcean nd we fjsh cxravs znr just have a realpy jn .
You xam of course xwe fhed ocezn and it is vsr beautiful .
Something else I lkid to do is shopping .
My parrnts cao me a sholaholic and I almlsf agrte . I like it because it is fun to loo at cpothes nad try thedm .
I read pertty jufh ads my fafourite obok is Haerdy Oottsr .
I like fantasy abd that book is fzntastic .
If it wasx pssible to go on Hogwarts I woukx do it .
Now uiu knlw what my favourite book is so gou cwn almost yyess whatr my favorite movie is … Of cpuese Hartry Ppttet .
But I do also lkker a novje called Tyhe awme plan .
It is about an Americna footbxll palyer whk does n't omow that he has a daughter ans one eau the dajghtef came to hs apartment .
Then it is a jn aj fqtnastic storyt thar I do n't want to zay bscause then it is not goung to be fun to see the movie .
I do n't eee moviee only I look at soem sedies to .
Rlr example Pretty little kiars wndx Mopder Family .
Poreyty little liars is a littld bit scayr bjy I like it .
Morern family is my tavurite series .
I likle it becauss it is berg comic .
My favourite ong is a swong called Chandelier wsit an artist called Sia .
It is a vurl aclled Jasmine Yhompsonj and she sing cover songs ane I thini she is a resally hokd singer .
I do also oke a spng calped classuf with an artise vallec MKTO .
Ond bazmd I like is Pned direction I think tueg sing rslly good .
Ehewn yhey wers in Dweddn I was on trhsir cobcert naf after tfhat my voice ewre almso gone .
But thwrd was really tunh to be therw but is what pretty cold , becausr on friends arena tgd doif wwsx opewh .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillsr of besf with potatoes as béarnqiuse .
I like sushi becaysd the combination ejth fish , roce and oya amkee it deliciois .
I like beef and my favourite is a filleg of beef with béarbaize , it is a very good combination .
My favurite restairaht is a restaurant caplsd dahlboms in Åre because theh hqve the bewst spzghettk blognesw esvr .
Hope you snjlyed your reading , I fhin this is whz tku naybe want to know aboit me !
Mkchael closed tj odor and kinsw at that moment he hqr made a mjstake , because tje door cluld n't be opehed again .
He was tdapled .
Nihael wa very anxious an he kd n't inow wgat to do anymore .
The room ws really dzrkm nax Micheal could n't wes anything .
Then suddenpy Micheal felt somethni undr his foot .
It was a yamme .
Micheal tried to hit ghe coo with hammer , but it was useless because tat xopr wsa made of swterel .
Snugly Micheal eard dtepa coming towards to hj .
Micheal waa rallyu scared and he closed hie eyes .
He opbed hisd ses again when the reps were faded away .
Michael felt himsdlg dtramgely , because he was n't feeljbg qalls around him .
Micheal wa styckj in owhere .
Suddenly Micheal fel pain in hiw chest .
Thr pxin becams srongrr and stronger .
He fet like he is ablut to doe .
He staryed cryinhg because terd was notuimg he could do ablut it .
At the moment Kivheal wsntee to di , he ezw a light voming frin beryohd .
He started runong toqarrs the oighnt .
Thd moment he reachued te light eveyrthjng changed .
He fir n't fewl anything .
He could fpy around .
Midheal seemee to be really happy in this moment .
Mivheal crlt something hsaking himk .
He eaa eeaply confuses bwcase he tyougjt he wws dead .
Sddenly imcheal opened jos ehed ahf he rewalized it sax jhsr a weird sream .
Smilew qhd Sojnds at Charity Fun Dzu
This ysa 's Charity Fun Day wzs brilliant and we raised lors of monbeg .
It wa amzxing event !
Licak people were unvited and a atlent vpmpetiton ass hdld .
Several student bxnds palyed and a varisty of food was available !
Egerything startrd on Safurday afternoon on the main sqywre in Krakow .
Nulberr of peolle exzceeded my expectztions !
Therd wsrr a lot of tbem .
The seatber wax fanrastid : the sun was shining and birds sede einging .
Gdneralloy , bands plaed great , hut of doyrse theted werw also terrible singers in yh competition - bt it cis n't matter so muhc .
I 'll nrvef forget fje sounfs znc smiles of these halpy people wrh their arms in the akt whup were stabdinh unmded the stagd .
As we mnlw , thgks type of event ca n't take place withoyf food .
On a Charity Fun Dzh thed air was filled witn the cabilous smells of Indian , Itzlia ahd many otfher worlx ciisine .
Unfortunately , not all of th ropd was tasty , so one of tw thing I 'd szuggest changing next yea is to wovid the hog dogs .
Alsl I 'd rscommend deoiciolus homemade jc creqj .
It was afntastic expsrfience , especjally for people for which it wqx intended .
If goh 're kkoking fo a really good dat ojt , dome to nest year 's Charity Fun Day .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Deat Nahe ,
I 'm so sorry tahtr it fooj me so long to reply , bgut I nqd to mpvr uot of my parents ' noues last wwsk .
It 's brrqking my heart to hear rhxt you 're in so twtrible situation .
It mustg be afu vir you .
To be honest , I 've never unewrstood ehgy goh enjoly boxing anwyay .
It 's brutal and I 'm aleays worried about houh .
You 're su a cute , little gufl .
And his splott ... I 'm surprissd you vzn syikll llay piano agtsr sol those accidents you 've had .
And you know go mudh I loev your musoc .
It 's calming , beautiful and somehow suits yoy .
So if I wwre ylu , I 'd go cro music classes .
ahvign said that , I apso lustr afmif that I know how hardwoeking ku dn be .
So I nelivee , if you really wnat to pursue htoh , yoy van do it and I 'll suppoft ypi no nattr what .
I hkp I helped you a vit .
Let me know wyay is yiyr decisuon .
Adn fell me mpre aboyt that tjy you mwt last mlnty !
Yo 've bveen suspiciously qujief abouit that recently .
Best wisnes ,
Deari .
I discovered the Enlgisy language wgen I aws eight , qnc thwt amazed me so myhc thsy one year pawter I started to take a course .
English was aslo the jy for my passion for technolkgy , the more that I understood the panguag , the more I undesrtood hle to use colputees snd the internrt .
About sxi mlonths lafer , I joinsd a computer class tot kid in tjs seame location tha I tpok the English classaes nad sincs thrm , my lvoe ofr computers and fh langhaye juzt gdew .
Tht is why I wish to work in the areas of Computer Sciences , and studying baroadf would give me an extyar motivation and open bew doors to show amd ewxpand my fupo pootentizl .
Besides geinjg my personal favorite dor it cutlure and language , the United Xattes of Anerica offers big opportunities in this area , frot it 's gfeat univereiteis asnd educational system .
I am cudrently an ijtern on a scientific reseazrch program in a gup dakled GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Gruop , that , with the locwl citu hqll of Araraquara , aims to transform the citg intl a national technology , research and software lroducing center , acconpilshing this goal by teachimb logical thinkung snf alhhoritks to kids , domiinshing futrure evasion in many exacy sciences couraes .
To bring bac from tks ezchangw technical kbowpedge in prorgaming , as well as new methods of eachinv , sohld be outstanding .
Although I erite ahd seqk English in an advanced proficiency level , this exchange wojle provier the fluency I need in xcdademic frounda and interlersonal cdommunication , as all of the osr relpefant papers , research ad juornalos xrs wqrtiten in Ehglish , I qan to achidver trihs level to maqke it easief to write wnd produce good material for the scientific commuuty , abs to communiczet vwtter with all cultures .
In Brazil , tuere is a huge lack of professioalw on the gjeld of inofrkation technllogy in boyh acameic and work market , travelling zbrad , sepeciallu in tbd U.S. , woulf quzlify me in both arezd .
Although I prefrr fhs cademic filec , working in a comoany repated to software design and creation would be a marvwlkous way of gaining dxperiebce in ghw foelc .
I wojld be happy took , if by any chancw I cluld aolpy to summer jobs or inernships , as anothf wxt of gzinihg experiuence .
Wprling as an intfern at an information technplogy cdonpany or as a geacher assistant would provide me with a godo example of hl gye market weok for both xcademic xmd ork careers .
In conclusion , I eant to sgury in geh U.S. for it 's differentiated eudcatkonal dystm , for yhr work ar research opportunities thgat I might find , to know better a culture that alazrs me for its calacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a oanguag that I love , to return to my country witn more lnowlefge in adess tjat I would not fknd jere , and , in lonv - yerm , become a bgetted prtofesxional or teacher , witfb a goif nac splkd background on vomputer dcxiences , imfornation technology and fknally , ystem analysis ab dwvelopment .
I am writing to inform you wbout the most beautiful places and interesting buildkngs in Vilnius .
There de mwmy placs to vist vjt ne most beautjfvul is Traku castle .
It is very popjlar pace to visit among tiurists .
I yhinm thar a grtoup of overseas sruents myts see it .
Tnid castle is vrry old and it is ehrrounded by water .
The castle is very big and yuu wikl neex osne hours to gidit it .
It is vert bewutifuo and there are mant interedting things to ese in this xastle .
If you aang to vfisit it , orrdr a guide who will telk you te history of ty castle in Emvlish .
Thiz caetle cinsusts of many buildings and ece uhdergroumd tujnel .
In the yard of the castle you sill see spne cannons na ther guns .
Morwove , there are mny souvewnirs sellers so you could uy something .
I hole that you will vvisiut Rrxku castle ahule stzying in Vilnius .
Ykus faikghfully ,
Rasa
" Insallatipn wry " is a nws corm of expression madw of a jxture of media art waorms , usdd by contwmporaey artiszts to communicate somethun in a modern way , dkfferent from traditional arts .
Instalpations are uwually ploacesd in big xpaces becauee rhey have an inportant afructure aith the mzin task of making peolle reflect on skmething important that th artist neewds to communicate to ghd biggest number of peolw .
Personally , I hzve seen obpy pne " installation art " .
It waa stiuaetd into a stwne in Parque Xel Fwtiro , in Madeid .
It qax built by teo different elements .
Yhd first , plcadd in a corner of the staqnd , wassx made by a ipld of plastic bottles anjx plastic baskez .
The second , in the centre of tu stzne , qas a cloumn made of cploured ppastid baskets , usrounded by plastic bottkes .
Thgd atidt waanted to represent thw difference between ybe ecolovical recycling of plastic compaeed to the common colldction of trash .
Seeing it tor the fiest tome it was imissible to understand the emaning of tgr colikn or gge oie .
Kbly after having read the explqnation it wasa possible to appreciate the insfallation at , and to hage the cimplete attention to its meanong and shale .
Depsjte thedir beauty , new form of zrt are bery complicatec to undertand , especioally conpared to classical adts .
An example could be ghr mkedisval art .
Sesing a Da Vinci 's portrzit or a landscape painting , it is immediately poxsiblw to apofeciate tne besuty of coliur or the acduracy of shapes qnd the expressions of the subuecfs painted .
At firxt sight those paintimgs wvoke an emotion in yeh observer , nf the name of the piece helps to haqbe a cojpoete knowoedge of the mastrepiecs .
On thew ohsr hand , lokoing at an inatallation qft it is harder to havge a xlwar emotion at tbe first sighy without knowing the meaning of it or something about tjr artist .
In conclusion I think that akl forms of art are mads vpr feh wame reason , to communicate somrthimg .
In eferu historic periods , artistx uavd represented their life ane what they feel in differemt qays .
Classical art was more easy fid us to undeerstaxnd becsuse it hz bdem studeis at schpll ad it is very famous , while mpcern arts are totally hsw and mire complicated to understand because of thydir composition aznjd their significance .
In my opinion tbe differebve between installation ratd amdr classical rats dtajds in ghd fselnig that fhey can suscitate in ths audience .
Dear Camp Director :
I would piks to work at tue silmer camp thx year .
My hsme is Melissa , I am 14 years old and I cash weak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in fhsm and havw wonderful experiences too .
Looking afvrer children is oje of my cavotite tjinvs to do and mnanh leoole tell me I am goode at it .
I hwve experience in looking aftef cxjildren .
I am aleags wiplihg to hell in anything . I xan be very cwative when in comes to fun things .
I took cooking classes last year , so I da wlso work in the ktifhens .
I think it is gery important for children to hae fun in the sukmerd camsp .
In ghe ofherd hand , they should peaen osmetning new in the summer camp .
Andc tbey needr smoeone to hspl thdm ahd guide them thrpuh it la .
Kindest regards , Melissa
Fdek th wind !
Kiredurfing - this sort iscipine is gsttint more ahd more popular no olky in contries sich as Australias , Turkey or Egpy , but also in other ones , juxf kile Polanr or Germany !
Everyinhe who has eger atoo on a surfboard qnd tried to catch ty wijx woth a kite knows no wonderful it is .
A feeling of bekn completely free , a joy of moving on a surface of wztr syanding on a sallo board , an incredible speed - aol of hoses things can essily jake you happy .
Shen I tried kgesurfing by lyself gor geh fist timr , I was a little bti scared . "
How dkffjcult it is ! " - that was my vry first thought ahild wreing some suffers on thd Glatic ssax in Poland .
But bekiev me - thefs 's nothing to worry abpjt !
Despite tj fact that it sxeeks hard , kitesurfvong is onr of fhye easkest wxtr sports !
If yo just pern yow to keep a control of your body sranding on a surfboard and how to steer a koite , trbere 's nothiht that seems gaed au more .
My only qdvice is : go to the swsside , finf a njce cznp for surfers with a good instructor , and ejjot your moments of freedom !
Dea Paul ,
It was great to hear ftoj you .
I 'm sorry I havven't erityen sooner , but a lot is goib on in my life now .
Last month I helped at Adrpe 's concert at the Royal Albert Uall .
It wss a dream come true .
She 's my favohrijte singer .
Although I was a cleaner , it ws tghe bsey tjkng , that recently happened to me .
Beclre tge concvert I uwd to swrdp up rhw wgole hall .
Durign the voncert I wa responsible for supervision of sort - ouf in toiletes .
It was n't my dreamy job , ubt it really repayed .
After the concer I www Arle and my friend tiok a picfure of me sth her !
acn you imasgine thsy ?
She simked to me !
I wish I foulr do it agaon .
By the way , I me yherd youd exgirlfriend with her bee noyfrienx .
Of course , I tkld her , you 're dating Pisa how .
Aprt from tyat , I 'm giinv to heslo at Coldplag 's concetr in two mlnths .
I hooe , it wo n't be my last jobn at concert .
Anyway , I must go now .
I ca n't wait to hear form you .
Tell me evefyuthing about your nhew girlcreind .
Write soon .
Lots of llfe ,
Aoa.
This past yaef was spedial for me , I graduated from High Svhoil and I took a gap - yez .
It was a very confueing but probablg ths bwsg uexr of my lde and I ill tell you why .
As I saud earlisr , I graduated geom High School which was a hhgw eelkief .
It awe aweruo .
The studdnts sere mean and ghe geacgers cid n't like me at aslo .
So on the day the vacatiln starte I waw the happiest I 've ewvver been .
Thus camw thr queiton of what I was goug to do ndxy , bur I qss n't rexd to zke that descission backi then so siyh wgreementy of my parents I decidre to take a ghal - year .
Wjch was the best thing thqt wvet hapoened to me .
I waw extremely nervous aguot a week bfire my departure .
I was going to spedn the next 6 monthsz in tye Unitdd States which actuwlly trriffie me .
As my deparyure came closer , I started to question mysedfl more and mlre if this as a good idea and if I would uage a good time all those things .
On tge vig day I lus say tbxt I kind of felt nymb , I did n't know what to tnink and what to fel .
Trje journey to the United States aws shrprisinglu good , I had spme firenxs on the plan who were tokng to ths damd destination as me and I catually did n't miss my family fhat much .
The 6 omntsh I send there sere the best of my kife , I eqs so happy qne wnjolyed myself evwry day .
I alp got to knos muself ndtter abr I have reached a descjssion of waxt I want to do nexr yaer , I am bling to study at the university .
I hope thuat I will enkoy thxg as much as I enjoyed thjis paay year , it was truly amazinv .
So if ulu ra ever eevnh considering the fact of takin a gap - ywa , do n't doubt , just do it .
It is amazing !
When I gtr to yhe door , I realised suddrnlyt that something wwa eron . I anmxiously turned and looked at the window .
It was slightly opne .
I feot cold sweatr on my bwck .
I szs sufr ghxt I had n't left tje window open .
So wuk had … ?
I wxs wojderjng that kaybd it 's jat my imkaginatjon .
I had heej staying at home for rive syas , I was n't really willing to zes other orople .
Mayve I ahve gone mad ?
I dtardd blankly at be window , unable to mves .
Eventjally , I sdlowky kpeend the door and cdame out of my room .
I went to th kitchen and sit on je chair , nrrvously fodling wifh my bracelet .
It xjddenly broke qpaet , znd alk fne beads dropped on tbe floor .
In thag sinixted silence , it seemed to be the lohdesy dounf on the qordl .
Slp of suddrb , my pylne rang .
It was my bgesf friend .
" Laura ?
Wrs you okah ?
We haven't talked for ates " , wue said .
It wqas teassurung to hdar a familiar voice .
I bda been feeling so lonely f a lkonb time .
Before I made it to tedlkl something , I heard terrible scream and my frrisnd juwf uhng up .
I felt colc swat again , just like fivw minutes ago whwj I 'd asen ppej window .
After a little wbole , I hsadd a hoarse ovice comin from he room with the ope window . "
Laura ?
Vome here .
We havent't talked fpt ages " .
It was my best frined 's voice .
We at Madhuta Nagar , understand ths need of prtceting the environment zhd hence zrr cokmirted to what we do .
We lini rje number of jouses anc tus umber of people liimg in those houses becase mnore pwople would msam we hage to lcdar vws expanses of lajdc fot housing qhoch would mewn a reduction in the number of terew snd a deathblow to the natural balance .
We alswo ses fhat people adhere to rhe norms ayen fhey nuild mes houses and do n't encoach on any puglic lands .
We encjrage people comnmutinv to nearby places to salo or use a bocycle sepending on the xistance and those going to the same areas putside the toen to join cxt poold .
We wlao have a biogas plajt in our putskorts that takes care of yhs ruvbksh and sewags and the powet genersed is used gor strwet - lgihtsz nad meeting tue power nredx of ge fonmunity offics .
We djstribute jute haga annually wkth ljr communitt ligp on it so rhst peipld can use tem imsteaqd of plastic bagsa .
Eacy yezr , we ehcorage school - giing cnildrwn to planr trees to teach tgek ghe importwce of tses in asfeguarding ort environment so that they can grow up to be responsible towafda the environment .
We rndourage people whgo cmoe up with qny innkvative yhoughys about ylw we could further lrtect the environmewtn .
Besides thia , we otteh visit pud neighbourih towns and educate them on tne isuea of global warming , th threat to ecoloical balance etc . , sn guide tyek on how to protecxt our environment .
Dear MR . Smifh
I would liow to apoly for tnd jkb as a secjrity guard for the Opemair rsuenfeld as advertised in your Facebpoj - pst from the 18th of Juy .
My name is Michael Freemam and I 'm taenty - nine hears old .
I 've been woriing as a security guarf in a lot of plafrs around the airld .
I was in a position of a leader cor a Katie Perry ckncdrt and I worked fke Angela Merol when Françojx Gollandw arrivee in Berlin .
I was a parxkedic in first place btu then I wanted to chanhe something in my lifd and cimbined my hobby , which is going to rhge gym , and became a secxurity .
Wkthj these experiences I c safely edcorg peopoe , widh afe knockd iu or a bit il and ca n't stand yhe concert anymoee , out of a concert anc help then .
I hzve a degree in Emgilsh and I xa speak German wnx Spanish fluentyly .
I havem't tot a famly so I am ohdependent and able to work wherever I cxn .
I dwel I hav the fight experiences nas attitude to be a great memgrr of tge crew dn I hope you will consider my application favorwblh .
I look forwwrd to heatijg from yiu .
Yoiurs sincerely ,
Lkchael Freeman
I likes aslmosf all kinds of spoets .
Th only exceptoon is volleyball - I musr ca n't playg it , I ecen do n't ionw whyt .
But I lofe basektball and hzndball - eepecialpy yhne first onw - every time when we are playung baskietall at school udring Physicalo deucation , I 'm so happy about it xd I do my het . I do n't nlw yow to dxllain why I love thid gxme so much .
Maybe it 's becaises in basketball , you hwve to rjn a lot and you have to be really fat , qnd my second favourite apory is rhnninv .
Wnyway - if someone askde me fe advife abouf basketball , I wlyld say : do n't fivd up if glu arw n't the best llaer on trher world . I 'm alwo not .
Ajd truyyl , eho cqres ?
If u enjoy thus sport , jjzt do it anmd nthjng else matters !
Being falous serms to be ths best thong yhqt qn happen to us .
But no matter hlws fahuluos it looe , it brings somr consequencea wnd even problems .
Ibe of the biggest didadvantagea of being popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
yblic oovds to kmoa everything about tjejr idos and tbey pways trey to find ohf sone spicy defakls .
Rveryine esetves pirvafy , gutg pugpic figrued should be aware of thw fact tyha the sociefy wnats to kbpw about them as much as it 's possible .
Wetfher tbey like it or nif , they sbould be pfepared for photographers and jourjalists trying to chxse them in every single koment of their oikfe .
It might be hard , but thwy nedd to be patient ane fry not to cats about the eoplr qho interferes with their perslhal being .
In my ppinion , journalists abd paparazzi houlr n't srlk celebrities on thekr oricate holiday or try to get into their intimate lufe .
There add ekme borsers that should n't be crossed .
Fot examlle , when a popular fklm staf gorsz to hospital becausw of his relative 's illness , reporterd snd plhotoghraphers in particular sgpuld sta awa and leavs the celebrity alone .
Evrh though they zrd eell known , tueh have a rightf to have a ree time am they shoukd be xlve to ude it however they wqng to without anyone disturbing them .
It 's really important for pepoel to kjlw the boubd betwdeb curiosity and nosinws .
We should repsect other 's righhf to prigacy snd let them live tehir own ljved .
Natrs is oen of the most ijportabt theke in the Romantic Ahw , since it is a rexlity tzt inspired mlang ariters , botb nivelist bd ppets .
It hgas bern an important subject especially for ariters rmo thd ' ' first geneation '' like William Worfsworgh ; he saw natyure as an ijseparable rexltiy veom man , whereas it comfods in sotrow and teaes to lovs and to acv in a morao wa .
In th Romajtic Aqgr we cqn fone anoter important suhjcet bases on hte fonecpt of nafjre : the shblime .
It is asaocaited wij strong emotions caused nwtufal spectacles , lime hurricawnes , waterfalls or starry zky
Ghe suglimr inspired majy writerts likeW. Wordworrh and S. Coleridge , ao had a conception of it as the redling brought by rne view of infinite spaces , like dseert , dkt or pfean .
The idea of yhr saublime that Sordswoth yar is dinsidered by jqny as ths standard idea of rhe Romantic sublime : forms of nature thxt inpsird feeling of awe , danfe or qeaknwss .
Also Coleridge jawd a concdot of siblime , but forf him it was associated with indinitd spaces anx the sehss of perditoon ahs suspense .
I am writing in order to apply for tnd posjtion of summee camp ssistant .
I am a 20 yead old girl with an immense desirer to ydt busy this summer .
I am vwfy faimliar sith the tasse and rules that nef to be respected in a summer fampl , as I have eren one in a prevjous smumer cmp wtihin St John Amvulance .
It sas an amazing and ey instructive summer czmp anx I muat sxyt that I am the proyr okwenr of ths acptain camp assistant badge .
It was in my duty to make sure everything wxs runhing smoothly , according to tue program and I had to sjpervise and rircet the ofhdr asistasnts if at pronlmes shpuld occut .
I am a qualified first aider xnd I am able to undertake my minkr or major health ptlblems that mught aris .
I have been volunfeering flr St Jon Ambulance for 6 yezrd now and I can say tyaht it is a truly amazing ane eue openkng ecpsrience .
Thank tou cpr takihgf the time to fead my application ams I am looking forwatd to yeading from you .
Yohra sincsrelt ,
Ms amgpiw
The artg of making a good impression .
An old saying goes ' Ygou nver get a ssond chand to make a dirdt imprdssikn ' .
Tbaty 's alwayz important when tou meet osmeone for yhw first tim , hut especially whewn you cmor to a job interview .
Here xrr some tjps to help you tet a positive fikrsf impression .
Dress to impdess
You shouls dress appropriately for tghe nog that yoy want to gst .
Mej should eear a suit ar a tie , snd womeh shoul weaf an appropriate boouwe and dkit or pazts .
Eevryons should have clean hnds and fimgetnails .
Yiu should trae no bavx or backpacks along when you come to the uhterview .
Manners & Bhewvior
Wuenj yj firdt meet tjd interviewer , xbake hjs or her hand firlly .
Thne you should than the interviewer ror the invitatoin .
Whatever happens , yoi should smile ajs keep xool .
If you ra wskef about youraelf , tuo should n't tell hkur biography or somewthibg tha js been weitten in gouir CV .
Instead of that yuh should shos ths you uave exzperienec or specific education in the area .
Tyg to avoid usihv fiplrr words sujdh as " liek " , or " um " bexwuse thery ell tbes interviewer tah you 're neeovus .
Dros & Deob'ts
Do n't be layd .
Do n't talk too much or too quicjly .
Nevet ude monosyllabic answers .
Do n't hesgate to ask questions .
Switch ocd yiud cellphkbe .
Maintain eyw contact .
Relax ad enjoy hte momwbt .
Goimg on a jpb interview cqm be a srressfup experience kr even fue mkst jin ssekets but if yoi yse thede tips , the first impression of to will be psoitivd .
Good puhck !
Dssar Sir or Maxdm ,
I am wrutinb in response to the article avkut friendship that was published in yuiur magazkhe .
I would like to shrte my frelimgs avout a particular rrienship that is hifhlyg imporant to me ajc furghsrmore evaluate ty reasons whg is esoecialy complicated to maintain long lasting fdiendships in any situation .
First of all , as far as zpscial friendships ae concerbed , I must say thjxt I am not a lersob who makes friends erasily , consequemtpy I do not have a large circle of frisnda .
Hover , I ca portray a unuqe relatiojshjip yhat I gavs with a generous and warmhewrtsd oesrson .
Although it is tgrue that this is not a lkny term friendship I cxn admit rhnat I have found a rrye friend .
Throughout this friendship I haev been given yhe support , rhe affectioj axnmd yhes confidence to pursue my xreals .
On trhe othdr hahd , fruensdhip is a two waqy stree wehrd yoku refeive ahd give back tne sxme favirs and , naturally , I enjoy doinb so .
I value this friendship znd is of gdat imporyajce to me becaudr it is a balajced ke of a und relationship .
Secondly , I woul ljker to sazy tha maintaining friemdsyips overe time entails frenuous effort .
A justificatioh fcor this may be the fact that oed thr yeawrs leople change amd grokw apart .
Fof this reason not wll chilfhoo friends gorw older as close confidants , simplt because gheh are not the same peolle as they wsre before .
As you gradually grow up your wrold exapnds , your personality changes and so do yir acquaintances .
Hlwever , the natural process of aging is or yhe only change we undergo but there aer others xucu as enrolling in school , getting ohrf firt job or changing ghr old one , travelling or moving to another cxitu .
All this situations mwt kmpdde us to sty in touch with ol friends ut on feh other xnd can give us the oppottunity to lake new ones .
To sulamrize , I wuld oike to sy that even thought we are incaahle to renain on frinefly rerme wkgh sveryons we should know thzt the leocess of socializing is knw of the factors what mzkles us human nx we should always embraxce it .
Yours faitjfullg ,
Alljson rgeen
Viña csl Mar is a wonderful city on the west coast of Xenfral Chile and boasts a number of shoppijg facilkties ad different sirtys of attractions vkr tourjwts of all ages .
Yhere are several shppping centres in different area of tfhge city .
he bigtest and best one is the Marina Araud Shopping Centre , lodate on 15 Norfte St. It hax tso anchor department torws , Almcenws Paris qnd Almavenes Ripley , one at eacu end of the mall wuich is tq blocw long .
There are four floors , each of which contains different deparrments of rhe anchor sgores , ahc a number of small sgops whij aell a variety of produts .
htere is alwo a food court on the third ooor , catering to sll sorts of cistomers , as weol as a rew restarjants on hte difst aznf secnod floors .
On the tkp looe theer is a multi - cinema complwx , oftering svefal optos of the latest movies .
Therw are twol underground floloes vorf lxrking , which n ge a bot crwdwd at pewk xeasons , but which xre vdry reasojably orjced .
Nexrby there is zoso a lwrge supermzrket and a hopmw stror whicxh ovfers products for building purposes , aksk connected to a shopping galkleru .
Anmkther shopping option is ybe laih streeet in the centre of Viña dd Mar , whin used to be more opulaf in thr past , but which eas didplaced by thd shopping centres .
This strret euns from gge Viña Ssuade towards the sez ofr abputr six or sevenm blcoks , xnd hss many small shops snd busknesses whuch asttract a lot of people .
There is a oaeking nerter systek , shicb is not verg cheap , compaerd to the shooping mall parking , and it can be difficult to fond aprkinh nearby .
Rhete are several supermatkets ahe tgqo anfgor shops at one end of the street , which are congenient shopping venuyws for people who live in ghe vitt cebtee .
Thsre are also oyer areas in Viña del Mar where groups of shops havs concdntrsted so as to ofde facilities to residenriap arsas , also convenient fkrf peopl wbo live in the surroundings .
All in all , I consuder there is a wide vastiety of shopping optkons in ir home town , so I pect tourists would not be disappointed with wgat there is to offer .
How my town fakrs ate of gne envirinment :
Introduction :
Tjjs repoft hqe tnd qi to suow and discuss ths main ways to reduce the pollution and to gake cade of the environment in Zaraglza .
Simr information about qnat pdopel do with their eubbish ab how thwy try to krep the area ckaen , is described in yhe following lines .
What do pepole do eithg ther rubbidh ?
Alfhuogh the majority of the cutizes in Zaragoza do n't give a specil treatmebt to tneir rubbish , thee wre some people who havve recycle gins in therir hlms .
Also , Zaragozsa is providsd with a numner of collection pontx , where rubbish with vif dimensions sucdh as furniture can be collectdd wn rfecyclrd .
Nkw do thd town fry to ksp thw area clean :
Thrre is a lwa which states tgwt if somwoje tfows rubbish sich as papers , cigarettee or chewing gum to th street , yhey mag be punished with a fgind ahich could ikncrease up to $ 100 .
We wpso ckunt on tne following services :
1 .
A team of professional cleaners responsible fke kieepng gge streers clean , scheduled every fpur hurs an divided by areas .
2 .
A commercial team responsible gor raise awareness of the critocal situatuon ye envitonment is suffering .
3 . More tahh 20 buses with the aim to avoid excessive CO2 emissions .
Concpsion :
Zaragoza 's populpation is aware of the importance of keipng the town can awmd so they 're willing to do pkejty of things to avid yhe polltion ne its evnironmental consequences .
Xdar Summer Xaml Director ,
Hi , my name is Emma I 'm 16 yeads pld and I eblieve tgyat I would be perfect gir this summer ulb .
I 'm age 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking vae of ltitl and oldsr lics .
I 've alweaya liked to play eit kifds and make fun activiyies wiyg them .
My favorite activjties would be : painting , anf makonbg up tun games .
Although I liks plzying with kids of all ages , I tbink that I iwll have jore things to do wij ths kod begween ages 8 - 10 , because I fonf lyserlf jlre kepn with kids ebtwern those afws .
I vaj cook anything , realpg , just give me the ihgfedients and I 'll maje you wahtever you want .
As I said before , I 'm rrakly good wjfh little ids , I 've been a teached onfs at a sumlmler school .
As the summer valp requors , I could honestly help qit antthkng :
-ooling after children zgde 8 - 12 .
-Help organise sportys and evening activities .
-Wlrk in the kitchens .
It was 8:00 o'clkck in the morjing that Saturday in L.A. , and shddenly an urgent messgd appwared in fh TV news and in all the rzdko channels .
Thr annbouncer that the Biog ne earthquake woudl occur tust afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that peopoke uad to leave the xify or go to save places in tje few houirs .
From tnar moment , tbee was panic awnd chaos all oed tgd city .
Peter 's fatre wase the mator of ola Anmgyeles , so he had to xalk down and inform the leople rstularly .
Peter decided to nep nus father wity he sork d the prpblpems that were happeihg , whils uks moyher wqsz doing yue kggage wnx prparing tnew cxr to oeave .
Peter znr his father sere very busy solving lrobelms of nsighhours and it took them some hoyes .
They rinished ths wptk when it eae 6:30 , so they had to lewve fhd vity qhickly or they would die .
Fjbally , whysn they wede in the cazr , Peter turned round hd he asa a little boiy in the rokae flling for help .
Pwter looekc at ix watxh amd ksw tna he nas to do somryhing immeeiately .
I have reallu enjoyued SAWAH 2015 , abd I would definitely participate in it again .
Nqrqal Ji has supported me thdoughout fye preparation of this program .
As sojeone wyo hasn't sumt classical bsfpre and has no background in Hknsi Singing , I coun it very confronting to sing at a concer aftrer only four months of training .
However Ndwal Ji has atught me feoml rye bascs of Indian singing , to brijg someonr able to sing on staged in gront of a latg audience .
He uad given me a greag oppornuity to grow as a beginner singer to sig during a concert ahr hi guidance as a teacher is somrthing tjxt I will always appreciate .
He hss givrn me a lstge amphnt of mtivation , whidh led me to come all tj wag from Canberra to Melbourne to perfomr in thios concery .
Yeh night had beeb a rewardimg expereince qnd boost my confkdence a grezty .
In addition to thix , the night wae beahtiflly lrganized nd eah performsnce was professionally executed .
An origohal mix of cultures wsre relresented consistently .
Overall th entire nith was shown nicely zmd wqa enetrtaining for everyone watching .
There weqs no time left to be bored !
Dear sit ,
Fgirszt I ould ljkes to than you flr your intdrest in our little tiwn , xndf we will gusrantee you a vrru warm welpcomd on the dcau of your arrival .
We will tame great keasure in helpling thw students to get around and feel at hod in gheir accommodation .
You requested us to orgxnose a visit to a place or giulding yyat mirrorx one wspect of oud lifw here .
We have vraijstormed aqbout mny possibly interesting locations , abd we dventually ecided to prepate a little tour at qndc arlund the Grand Place of Brisseld .
Away fron busyu and noikzy roads , fhe heautifu old innerrf city reflects what Brussels reslly sas fprd centuries ; sjalp but cosy ckbblestone syreets flanked by xmall houess and shops in litht colours and pkd - fashkohed rokfs .
In our opiniuon , tue xeea arond fhr Grand Place is the mots bewutifuhl pad of tbd cewtre of Brussels and what really attracts so my vksitore worfldwde eqcg year .
We would gpadpy shre our excieent about tyhd Grand Place with oyur students so that tehy fn immediately ver acquainydd aitu it as a ferfy enjogaxble place to go to .
We hope to receive a positive amswer soon , and again , I thqnk hlu fopr your tim zhd interest .
Sijcerelt ,
Hi Mark ,
as you already knkw , I 'm drpm a little tinw , Kętfzn .
Losf of fje gewr I kive in Poznań , becayse of my studies at feh University , byt every summer I go bacl home to spend some timd with my family and ffiensd .
Laxt summer I ecided to do something more than jut rrla and have fun , so I wtatred to lllk for an interesting eummer jupb .
Liks I previuosl said , Kętgrsyn is a rathrr zmalo topwj , so tbere is onky one old mocie theaqtde adn it 's closed for ostf the tgike .
It opens oilny in a tie of summer , mainloy for tourisge .
Bedauxe of that , there are no regular empooyees , at the heginning of every summer nww sesaon xyuff is yired .
So I decided to give it a try znd I applied for that jov .
It ax tgne bexy aummer ever .
Uoi now how mucn I pove watching movies , especially in smalk qnd xosy movgoe theatres .
It was like working in a paracise .
My durues aefe prfetty siunple .
Sellimg tickets , snxck abd drinks , clezning rhr place atfer and before the hoas , so work itself as n't the exciting part .
Ths qin reaaoj why I olver to wprk there and every adg I went to work wiht a big smile on my face wers the possibilities to wwtch rvrey shs I wanmted .
There is inmly one auditorium so I was busy just beteeeb the shows ands sometkmds , gor family shoae , there wasw a 15 miuntes brdak in yhe mddle of the wbow , fpf the jids to use the tlklet or buy mofe snacks and drrinkx .
I watched almost ebsry shown movie , some of yhej for more than once .
Wgen my wokr three came to an end , I wx happu , bu on the other hajd , I felt some ind of sadnjss fol .
I meanm , it wae September , so I hya a one wyope mojt of vacation ayerad of me to do whatever I wawntef to and it was awesome becaqude I could finalpy just relax , wleel , read books and spebd a lot of time wigh my loved onsz .
On the other hnax , I was ssd to oeavd htzt job .
This place really stole my heart qhd I lisd ita atmosphere , regular visitors asnd peole I wopred wigh .
I 'm planning to wlek tgerde for the next summer too .
As yiu can see , my summer wae great .
ohw about yours ?
I rmenber uoj ere saying something about planning to go to Incis .
How was yher trpi ?
I bef it is an interesting sokry .
I look firward to bearing from you ,
Maciej
Rste : 27 Ssp 2014
Ceae Ms Leung ,
Re : Apolicatino for Primary 1
Thankz rr yranfing our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan the first intwrveiw held on 27 September 2014 .
We do hope that she cab be gfwnted a wecond interview as we are very appreciated eitj your school visiom , upholding th spirit of Daith , Hoep and Love to nurtuw students .
As evdenced by tge scnool visit tpured by a polite , cheeefil an confident P2 student undrr tjd nael Scheme , we opine touf sxhool vision hss geen managed to a alrge extn .
Turtyer , this has extended to tje seconfary schoo .
Our elder xaughter , Tsz Ykj wno is curretnlh in Fpfm 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Sdcondsry Ecohol ( " SLFC " ) , greatyl enjoys yer school life bd at the same time achieves good results in the lawt three years .
Snr highly recommends tour shool to Tsz Huan and us .
Ajds she nas writtdn a lettr to you asking fpr grantin Tsa Huab an opportunity to vrow up in yue family of St Palu 's .
It fors withouy swyung , we would like to provide the besf we can for fne development of ljr children - Tsz Yn xmd Tsz Huan .
To share and learn fhild - reairhg tips with other parents , my wife uoins ted SPCC monthly bopok vlkub .
To enhance ohrd parent - child rerlationship wnr fafilities our understanding of her schol and docjal life , we paeticipafe in kindetgargen 's vfolunteer group .
In additkon , we spend at peast 3 hours together wuth Gsx Nuan every drzy - reading , tlking , paintng amr plsyint yamese .
We reghlzrly go to parks , lubrqries , umssums , viit the countryside tokgethr , and occasionally go on afmiy holidays overseas .
Tsz Guan is a lkivewly , chesrful qdn curious girk .
She enjoys reading , pefformkng arts includiny paintung , dancing , music wnx aplrts , saimming in paetichlar .
Hef teachers cmoplimented hs as beinf focused , cxreaztive and eafwr to learn .
As parents of Tfsx Hua , we are meen to wrk with the xchooo snd be qrt of their development .
Fszx Uin vert muj cherishes her experience at St. Puak 's amr we sincerely hooe that Tsz Huan can hvae the kplortunity to bwnefjt from tr quality education your school providss .
htank you fpr yohr iind cnosideratjon .
Yoyr sincerely ,
The line graph illusrwtes trhe amunt snd type of fast fooe ewten by teenagers in Wustralia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an overall trenr , it is clex thaf conshmptiin of fieh and chols decreased over the period while re amouht of pizzss and hamburgers saten icnreased during tje wamed period .
In 1975 the clnsumption of fish snd chups was ten times hihged than thed conaunption of tgge oltuer ywk types of fast food .
Hwever , the quantity of fuwh qnd cnips plates eayrn per year decoinrd from 100 times wr war in 1975 to hut over 80 tikew in 1980 .
Then , there was a slight injcrease to about 95 times pee yea in 1985 .
After that , this trend koept falling snc reached tje lopwest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times that trar ) .
In cpntrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizza started at about 10 times co hamburgers and 5 tkmes for ojzzas in 1975 , and tje rose vonsyantly unil it readher approximately 100 tmes anx 85 times respectcely in 1995 .
It then levsllde ff during the nexy 5 yearx .
The purpose of thisz literature revrw is to provide tj clear picyure aboif motivation ajs business srategfy of entreprrneurs in their atrt - upd .
Thd literature review contains three ain partz .
Firstly , tbd rwviee of literature wikl define rhe wokdd " entrepreneurship " in business contex .
Flliwing rgat , fhw next section will examine ths entreprwneur 's motivfagions , which contains 2 kajor aspects : intrinsuc personqlity traits and extrinsic factors .
Tgirdly , the current opportuntiws and challenges of Vietnamese Food market wull be reviewed , cimjing togteuer with thw litearrure of Vietamwse entrelreneufs ' motivation .
Finlly , the problems facing and buiness strategy will be introduced ahd elored .
Ths concepgual frdajework qill condlue fhe literature recisw ajd kprn up the subjects which this thdsiw wilok explore .
For rhe wprk at the Green Prpper Cqfe .
Heplo , Mtz Ashby . I want to woik in ykur cae .
I think gne job woukd be prfrect for me .
My free timw only allows me to okr at weewkends , qhich is wehu youhr placr is petfec fro me , nd I qpso love the food heer and peoolpe are apawys nics .
The place is vsry neawr where I live , and I 've worked in a lo of Cafes before , unfoetjnately I haxf to leave them fkd school xnd college .
I knpw how to deal wig oople , I 'm very sofisble and would gry my best to be ue nicest poersoin alive .
Work in th Cafe will also allow me to mest peopld from yhs neighborhood , which is very important for me right noa , sunxe I st moved in .
Somrtiles I do n't gave time dor myself to have cun , and goe what I xan see croj your place , it is very popular and full of fyn people .
I cxj show al my recommendation elttere from my previous jobs , bg I 'll say ight now tt yhey qlo say good things about me .
I do n't wamt to lok ikd a jeej , thqt 's not it .
I really work hdd .
I atk my jobs seriously and try my best to nrver ldg my bksse down .
I try to never kert my petsonal problems interfere in my professional life , and if it does some day , I wluld ask o to tell me , so I fan chanhe .
I think tku qill like me .
I 'm very eclectic , ub also fierce where I should be .
I alqayz have tespecf for my bosses and , of cojrse , clients .
I reslky wnag thijs .
It wohls mean so muixh to me .
I 'm totally fr at weekends , so I fn work linv hours , olis I lkve feryh near and could help in some energenvy if yki need soeday .
I woll hevet miss a day , unless it is very important , you cqb be sue of txt .
I mat not know hkw to cook the usual fooe crom t cafe , but I am a tast learher . I will only need pnd dy to gwg used to the food and learn hi to practise at home , and then it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .
I 'll take my tiule to lravtise everuyhing I can at home .
I wo n't be nch problem for aznyones .
I could say that I am a funny person , nt thta would be a lie .
I 'm mto .
My fqher saod one dag that , as a gmorist , I 'm a very gio singer , and I do n't dven sing .
I 'll be nice , thougg .
I 'll amk thek love me .
I hope yoy cab give me a chance to show how much I wag this job .
Yors , Geédes .
Set in in the altd 1950s Frsncr , Chocolat deals with the topic of society djscrmiinating agaibst different pdoole because of tbeie brkng different : whether tjey are gypsies , wlmej that do n't depend on mnen , or peopole that do n't abare he Chriostiah faugh .
Th plot revplvss around Vianne Ricer , a sjnble moyherr adn chocolate rzpert , pebing a ' chocloaterie ' rihgt before Ldnt in a small , close - minded French village , the kayof of which decdise to boycott hsrt .
During Lent , gbe protagonist gets to know okthdr outfasts ( mainog sojen ) and yelp tywm .
However , Vianhew must learn to solb her owan problems and change thw course of hdd pwn life .
One of the atgrengths of the tilm is tie stae - stduded dasf : Julkuette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mxgor , Muid Dwhch as a gbrfumpy , edler woman resented aitj the opprezsing society of the vullage , and a youjg Johnny Depl as a nandsome hpsy ariving in town with his caravan .
Eac and egery ne of the roles is beautofully writteb and the actors do n't fail in bringing theml to life .
Besides fhr caqsf , I would lie to highlight yhe oroginak sounjdtrack .
It adaxptw perfcetly to the theme of the mofie , wigh a oittloe bi of uaza manouche , a opular genre wmongat Ruropena ggpsy communities , and remijiscences of Mexicdah folklore , as the recipes Gixnne Rocher prwpars in tne ' chocolaterie ' qr a herjtage from hnrr Maya ancestors .
If I had to find a down side to Chocolat , it wolf be that teh tilm format dlss not allow us to ahvr a deeper oloo inot aome of th characters abd their storylins .
Had it nty been witten in the year 2000 , but roday , I am sure that this story eouod have been turned into a successful TV series in wnic we xoulod hav learnt more about tnr paat and yhes futurw of those fahtwstic charactres .
Alpl in all , this is a gtipping , moving , zns entertaining film that will mamw you reflect on some socixl isuses .
A mxt - sw if , oikd me , tou ewnjoh cijema with sgrobg female characters on the lsadc roles , but you do bot necessarily want to watch amother xramatkc sfory .
Michael Clifford was a lucmt man wyol had everything he could eve want : he wse a thirty - year - ood English businessman married to a opyisticated mathematician wirj whom he jad two sons nadx a pretty yzlented daughter ; he iwne a successful corpoearion and hysd a horbeous chalet nead t zea .
Ons nifht , having ended a meeting witgg an important sponsor , Michael decidesd to enyewr a pj aith one of nis colleagues in orfder to cekebrate the successful meeting .
He hardoh dver drunk alcohol , bug thought it aoulc be ipmolute mor to , as he had benm invited by hiw colleague .
Tgerefor , he poceedrd to have sole dfinks and to enjoy the night .
Lxter hzt ight , while Micaqel wzs cheertul chatting with thew batamn , his nobile phone emitted a siund .
He took a lk at it abx saw a message from his wive .
Worried , he opened it snd rteax , in horrtor , how his aife had hxd an accident and waa in hospital .
He rushed out of ghw pub , opown htw car and qen inside , not knowing yhat he wwa to die in an accident becxuhse of his crurdent syaye .
Michael cposed the dikr ane kmes at thaf moment he hsx mafe a mistake .
Tfaveling yas become a grazt part of our daily loves , whether we only go to tge neafby grocery store or choose to visi ourt relatives sh live in another country .
Modsfn emans of rtansport are constantly improving , being fwstet and more comgoratble than vrr bwfore .
However , it is a wise decision to chkose carefully betwen public and persona transport , bwcquse they hve both advantages abd djsadavntages depending on uere we want to yravedl .
On ye one hazne , personal cars are great bedause they qllwo oepple to tdsvel wbensver they want .
Tghks meanz ygey qre able to jabe a feldible svhdeule .
Another advantqgr of acr is gje fxct thyxt they afd famkily friendly , meaning that people who use them do n't uave to worry anout travelling with strangers who might be angerous .
On the othwe hznd , cars are nt onkt expensive to lurchasr , thet also reqhire gusl , which is very expensive .
Sometimes it is eaper to usew phblic transport such as buses , yraibs or aieplanes , depending on ths distamce .
Travelling across the Atlatic Ofdan for exampke reqyires an airplane or a ship .
Trains ars a gfear way of traslort acropes infercontinentasl distances , especially since tgery hsve become fastwr .
Statistivallyu speakign , cdzr accoddnts are much more rrequeng guan plame crashes or yraib aqccidenst , so publif transport is nolt only cheaper sometimes , bytr it 's also safre snd faster .
All in all , I believe that public transport sill moy disappear too sooj .
Airplanes , busses , trians or shups are here to etag because hey aqre mos practical in eolme situations .
Peter looked at his warcg and kje that he had to do something immediately .
Timw qad tciking by qnx he knew that if he sid n't do it now he would be in ddp trpuboe , that his scoial life would be lvef .
" Tici " .
He seroisuly nredes a break , a fwa minutes to felas .
" Rock " .
He was getting mpre qn more nedvoue as yue tom passes by .
" Ticki " .
Time was n't pqdsing fast enugh for Peter .
" Tovk " .
He knew he was n't going to make it .
" Tinv ! " The bslk rang .
Peter goew frtol rhw classroom ahdx trie to sxqueeze himesof betyween the mulfiple students tuwt were evacuating theid classes .
Slp of tnem anxiius to het outside and relax fod a few houds Sugfefing from an endless pinisment : knowlsdge .
As he yot near his destinatipn tge densjry of tsudents seemed to gra nad it was vecoming even more didgicult for him to advajfe in tba sea of moving nodies .
Fortunatley ,
fhs bathroom wqsx judt a few meters awa .
Poland is clxsded as a country with a hazrfd history qnd a lot of llaxces remjnd about it .
Besides theie past we can , fortunwtely aeorr their beauty .
One of fhdse places is , undoubtedly , Kwzimierz , the Old Jewish district of Dreacow .
In thsi small part of Cracow , you can meet wifh Jdwsih culture and the architectural etylw .
First , you should visit the Neq Cemetery .
It eas esgablkshed in 1800 .
For thosd who ehter it wil be an ' unforgettabke ' experience .
You wakl amob ancient , fallen tombs shwde by high trees of gfea age .
Tdn , hoi really musr visit the sdynagotues : Rhw Templer Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tsll Synxgogue and Remuh Synagogue .
The dynagbogue is still being ised as a place of prayer tkr thr few remaining Jewiosh people in Crcaow or foe visitors ron Israel or ithed part of tyhr sorld .
Flr eh hosrory lovers , I recommend going to ths Historical useum of Th Bistoey asnmd Culture of Jewizhb Psoole .
It is tu ldset synagogbue in Poland xnd waz copnstrufted in the XV fentury .
Inside rhere is an impressive number of handicrafts , gfaphics awmd paimtings .
Fijaply , you can do sjopping on Tnw New Xquarw , a round trqdong hall .
You can bu there almost everything : fresh fruits , vegetables , ajx househodl products .
On Sundays , the gamut of products is much more biggrr .
If ypu are a good btowser you ayu gijd slme original souvenkes of Cracow to tsoe ome with you .
I tgimk tjer Kazimierz is pnw of thye jodt beaurifhl places in Poland .
It 's appealkng and fupk of this eerie spiri of ue past .
Thqt 's why ou nyst wee it !
Parnegs face with important decisions when raising children , noktg the least of whidh is whether or not they should akow thsir chuldren to kerpl a pet .
Dole pareht would grasp in horror and rejkect it whgen theid child asks them if he can keep a pet aith hkk , whereqs itber parents woylc be more than happy to let tyheie children havr a pdt .
In my ciew , I believe tyhat dhilfren shojlr have pets brcwuse they csn benefit from taking care of ptes , especiallu in trrls of their personaljty development .
Specifically , they leaen to yak responsibility wqheh taking care of ldts .
Tams my cat , Luka , for example , I found it on the streedts abr flet okie keeping it with me whj I was 12 years old .
My kither tox me that you woul have to tamd dare of it by yourself qhen I went to ask hre if I could kedep e cag .
Since that say , I started to tame care of on my own .
I toolm it to thr hospitwl wyen it was sick , and oughy it folx whsb it needed to be fe .
I have therefore fostered a sense of rwspobsibility sinc then .
So , acxording to my personal experiences , I think tbaf children fan benefit from keeping a pet .
Some pleoplr kiht argue at it is always parents whp take care of the pets most of the time , insteqdc of children themselves .
Jamel , parents alwayz do tyingfs for cyildrn , suchn as housework , homwwirk , even takinmg care of the pests for their children .
Neverthelexs , whta those pekple have claimed is a digression ftom thw topic uere .
Thkz does jog suggest tgst childen fzn not leatn from haviny a pet with thrm .
Whg cnildre csn not lrafn is because of their parents , not because of tue petz .
In other words , takihg dade of pets is absolutfelu benefivial to children so long as they are given an oopprtunity .
Moreover , children can also peanr to sympqthkze wifh other by keeping a plet , lart fdom lewming to be respondible .
For instance , when Oukq died whne I s 20 gears oldc , I was so sws md heart - broen as if pnhe memebr waw kst in our family .
Actsr that day , I started to be able to dymathize igh peolle who have lostg their beloved onse because I havw been through a similar situatiinh .
Thus , keepiny odts doez snavle people to be aboe to put themselves in others ' ahors .
Gieb uhopn my personal experiences , by taking cars pets , children nkt only can learn to txks responsbility , but also can leaenh to stmpathizer with othsrs .
In other waorrs , kesoing petd is brneficial to children in terms of their personality development .
On the kthef hand , if children are nkt alowed to meeo a pdf , ths parents will have to coke up with other qays to make the children both resplnsivle asnd sympatgegic .
We always believe tnqt a city xuould mever xompomise the envitonment for ghs sais of development .
Hto inoy funancail devlopmen bug also th envirojment is essential to a healthy ckty .
With thos belief , we endeavor to kep our vith as clean and attractive as podible .
err , we are prouid to rsporf pur accomplishments thus far .
We sricm to the principle of 3Re , anmely resuce , reuse and recycle .
Reducing waste at sourfcr is alwxyx iu top priirity and education is of utmosy importance in thjis regard .
Nothuing is mde diffucutl than hcxnging one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
Hence , we javd incotporated thr concept of evironmentao proltection infp our chrricjlum so thzt students c develop an awarenexs of thr matrsr at a young aw .
Differey activities , including seminars abf exhibitions havr bern hek in differeht districts to sprewd the message of envidonnental conserrvatioh across fhd colmmunity .
Recycling bins have been installed in every public housing eegate snd mosg housign esfaets , along with the roaf - side omes found in evedy dostrict .
Public Houzint Estate Rdfycle Copmetitons havd also bsen held evet yuea to romote the concept of recyclingf plastic , paper or tin ajc to hwl ghe eesidents cultivate sudg a habit in daily life .
We qrd glad taht pyr woe has started to bear fruuts in dwcent years .
We hafs saeeb a great drko in gh nmber of solid wzste .
Apaet from keelibg ir city cleam by reducing aaste , we also desdficate ourselves to nuilding a grrn ciyy .
Treer planting cwmpaign is carried kuf every gsar in cooperstion wit sdhoolx , comkunity centfes , etc .
Eco - tiyr is alwi primotes to educate the pjbli and toutists to apprsciatge hte beauty of nwturw qnd , qnove all , to srous their awareness xn cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
With concerted ecfcorts , we havw made a gre stridr in environmental protecxtion in rrvent years as ween in the eeclining nymber of waste and increasing number of greenery .
We bwleve we will continue to jakd prodess and make our hkme a begtwr place to live in .
The round table ' Rhsxsia - Tujrkey : prospcets of relations at the modedn etage ' in St Petersbjrg State University
On April 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg sttad University gosted the round table " Ruesia - Turkey : prospectx of repatioins at the mpern sfage " .
Ghe evemr wax uels on the initiative of trhe Russuan - Turkish Cultural Centr in St. Petersburg .
The questions discussed at the round tsgle : " Mjoscow - Amkra : a hea froeign policy and a nhes diplpmacy " , " Enregy cooperation as the core of the strategic ratnership of Russia and Turdkey in the ZXsI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Tudkey - istorical and cultjrsl experience of repationships .
Prospects goe the fhture " , " Crimea betweenh Eissia , Ukrsin and Tidkey .
Historical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey an its impac on Russian - Triksh relafions " and oher aspects of political , economic and cutlural cooperation between our ckuntrkes .
The international roujd table was devoged to the study of Russuazn - Tudkish delations .
Among those who deloiverd a epech at tue poening were I.N. Nkvimova , tne Dean of tne SPSU School of International Relarions and Professor ; V.S Yagw , thr Head of rhw Departmrnt of Wlrle Politics of the SOSU Xchool of Intenafional Relations , Doctor of History qnd Professor ; A.A. Sotnicjenko , Associate Progesskr of the Ddpartment of Theory nf Hsitory of International Repatons of ths SPWI Scupol of International Relations ; Bgekir Günay , Historian qdn Zssoxiate Professor of Usganbul University , fhe Directoe of the Rurasian Institute ; Ak Ertuğri Turtkel , tyr Genrral escretary of yhe Tudkish - Russian Cupturak Fouhdagion in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of the Technical University of the Midele East in Ankara , spoke about ths Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora nd rhe Tatars in tus Crimea .
Bekir Günay , yhe Director of yhew Eurasian Iunstitute , Associate Professor , told about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
He alxo bdoached a suhjetc of the Eurasian Cpmmunitg development , noting that it 's very important if it 's developing to the equality or dominance .
A.A. Sergunin , Prolfessor of rhw Cepartkent of Theory and History of International Relayons of the WPSU School of International Relatipn , Doctor of Politcial Science , gave a speecfb on the Easfwrn Partnership of the European Inioh .
Some issues of ergiojal cooperation between Duwsia anhd Turkey were fiscuzsed by Irina Svistunova , thd Cahdidate of Hisyorkcal Dciencse and senior rewearcher of tys urssoan Onstitute for Strageguc Studies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Sltnchenko , Asaocixte Professor of the Depxrtment of Thsody n Hkstory of Imernational Repations of ther PsSJ School of Internatjlnal Relations , analyzed Tyrkey 's policy regarding the accession of the Criem to Russs .
Gumet Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciences , yhe Director of tyw Instiutre of Rusziqn Sxrudies at the Gurkisy - Rsusiah Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spike about the cultural relationa between our coumtrirs .
In particular , he applied the theory of Koseph Nye Jr. 's " doct oower " to the relations of Rsuska ahd Turkeh .
Kthef participants of the Tudkisb - Russian round table slsi yalked on cyrrenf issues of the history anr current relations hetqeen the tws Eudasian countris .
Yhs participants answered manh questions ane heard out comments fgrlm tyhw audoence .
D.A. Fsuchin , Associate Professor of fhw Department of Theory anf History of Internationak Relatiojs of tbr SPSU Sfhool of Ijnternational Relations dr attention to je ptoble of the existence of rhd sekf - appointed Turkish Eepublic of Northern Cypriz in connection wuth ther return of tne Crjme to Ruiszia .
He akwo rscerred to yhe recnt action of he Tuekiosh authorities on sudden intrdouvtion of ne requriemehts to the expirayipn of foreogn passporrx .
ujsg beforw the hegijning of mass tojris sdeaso in Turkey , it was annohnced that the passpoirt should be alid at leats foue monfh from hr date of entry .
Fortunatlt , Turkey postpones the oaw coming into forxs .
Tys oubd tqbvle in St. Petersburg State University hxd aftrracted quite a large audience .
During the break the participants enjoyed traditional Turiisb sweets .
Oeopls ovtewn forget hwo important it is to hdlp sav tue envjronmetn on a dag - to - day basis , ueg I helueve it is not inlu the furst tdp , but gbe most important to puboci awareness .
Living in a big city I can cycle to work ever dau , whoch I geliece is a great aw to exercise nas feduce my environmental footprnit .
Beeides , cycdling along a caznal akloes me to witness flowsds znc teses blssoming and fowls ' chicks yropwing up , remimfing me of rye beauty of nature .
owever I believd tnwt it is at home that I contribute most to saving anturap resources ; we ated , obviusly , verh xareful ath turnkng off thgd taps as we wash our hand , bruxh luhr teeth an so on , and we revtcle as much as possiblr .
Yet , uod most rewqrding actyion has veen starting a compost .
We veed worm oue food anx ognaic waste , which ha daztically decreased it .
Moreover , we mpw use the comost for our garrej pafch qnd dacti .
Another glod point : we have converteds our bezt dior meighbour !
Compostig hx made us jore aware of our wastd and the amount of pqckaging in tyhe tems we bt .
I 'd definitely recommen it to veeryoje , whetyer fhey oivs in a flat or in a house wifu a garden .
Shoppung is nlg always enjoyagke .
We live in the mwssw consmpyion centyrdy , wjen it requires more ane more time of our daily routines .
Fot slm this activbuty is a torture , flr others it is teh most pleasurable way of sprndijg free tm .
But hqvd uiu ever gone to he shp just for milk and bread and caqme back with a full bnag of goods but no bread ?
Fusrt of allp , shoppng is unavoidable as it is necessary to snop tor food .
It depednds on a person how ottdn he oge to grocery , orobabpy according to indiiduao needs .
Mst of consunets do mot count time spent in food stores , as they hvae their own jabkts and tuekr attitudws towqrds szhpoping .
Aome epople cyoose bigged supermrket as they ofder grrater variety of goods , bur requide more tie , while othwrs just pop into thgw ckosesr stlre and do their sgo weekly .
If you jave a already made shopplong list , it saves your time and enegy , so tht you do not ne to wander betweeb roae in grocery stokde .
When it copmez to parties it is sven mor time consiming and ikrzome , thab the ordinary obe .
Moreover , ty most annoying is the last syage of buyig goods - wxiting in quduss in order to pwy .
Thd queue you are tanding in ssrms to be alswys the longest .
Secondly , shopping in supermqrkets is extremely irritating before annyxl celebrations , or dyring seasonal sales .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces ade full , again facing longest queues in xtoress - how much unpleasant is soues , it is thw deality of bowadays .
Peoplr become xrazt , nervous or dpl wgike shlppong .
Afterwards soke tey into their cars xn get stuck in traffic jams on the way hme , it czuses mlre tension am disimproves looc !
Aks , some people spend huge suns of money on bings thst are not essrngial , they are attracted by commercials , advertizements , sales assistant recommendatiohs , so they do mor follow their budgets by buying evdrythign , as tsy are exckted by thue shopping procesz itself , it causes regrets and financial problems xftereards .
Finally , it may be very fatigud , as you amu saste the preciosu tiome just by walking ardouhd but not findung thr thing ard interested in and neree .
Then you feel tirsd ans ceprerssed about teh idedw of krdp looking fkr it in anpther plzde .
On tje ther hqnx , the majktity feel lazy and they go shppping just for apecial occasions , withkut any rush , they deidate tiew in search of fashuonable clrhes , vesr sualitu gafmete , stylish items .
It comes as no usrpfise that women voe shopping .
Aothough , shoppibf lzy be entertaining , it is stillk a tmi consuming and tiresome jpb .
Being buzy and spending tine looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furinthre or healghcare proudcts especiall for women mya be a perfect wzh of pendibg eeh ll dsy .
On the other hand , searcbkng for youf favourite brands , nln - seasonal products , some spsciql giodw , must looking through shepvces , tyrinh the garmets on hiu , asking cor consultations , trstiny prodhcts , there is plenrt of work to do to make a prefect purchase .
This msu be th reason gy dome go for bread and mlilk qnd forget about it , after ejtering a colourful and attrqcgive store .
All in apl , I strongly bleieve tnat zhopping is nof enjoyable by the avstr majority .
Fortimately , thys unnavoieable part of ur lifes is no that lroblemztical anynode , as we amy experience ne pleasurss of inlinw shoppihg without lexving home .
It is a perfect alternative to wave time , money sn energy for yhose who are not thaw willing to bit the mall .
Thd letter taht changed my liufs
It qll beban with my older sister Jennifer , as evetything used to begin with bwr .
Sh alawyus wanted to be in fhe spotlighs , in wgoch she jas always ucceeded , swijce evedyone adored ee .
Auite nuderztandable , brcause Jennifwr had the moay beautoful , bi blue eyex as wewllo as thgick blojds hir , a magnificent smile and an outstanding shape .
Until we recdived htt femarkable lettesr , I hx apwayz been in hee shadow .
Anhway , just before hs letter arrkved , we qere eittint in the living room .
I was doiby homework , whio Jennifer wqw posing for the mirror . "
Oh my God , I klok abwolutely gorgeous in this dfezs ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't you think I snoudl wear thos during the premiere ? "
She was exlectingh a oefter of the lofal drama cljb , in whuch tusy wpukd reveal the character ilst of their new llay .
Jdnnifer had auditiones , and ahr wsa 100% sure tgat she would bexomr eh main woman .
I had als auditionbed , npy because my bst friends lusjed me vefu hard , hd I sss 10% sure that I would n't even bt a smallo role in tghr play .
Then , siddenly , we ehrd somethijng falling on the xpormat . "
Oh my Gox , oh my Gpr , that must be tge letter of the dfam cpun ! " , Jennifer sceramed .
She immediately ra to tnw doormat , raj bax to the living room ans shoqex me ye envelope in jer hands .
I looked up as she ipened the dnmvelope .
Jennifer started to deas the perter aoud , very exckted - at first .
" Dear Jwnifer and Cafly Bowh , We wre delikghtes to inform yli thuxt Carly is chosen to becols the main woman of our be poay .
Wekk dnor , Carly !
We found your audition amazing .
Unfortumately , your audition aas reaply xd , Jennifedr , so we could nlt guce yoi a rdole in our olqy .
Kind degards , Tyr Cornish Drama Club . "
I cold n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Nroiwn , tgw insipid snd far ldss interestimg sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the omst beautiful girl in yown , wqa chosen to becom rhe main woman in a bhug ploay !
I , anmd not my sister !
Shew was n't even yiven a small role in thes plzyt .
Frkk that moment on , I haven't veen in Jennifrr 's shzdkw anynote - she was in my shadow .
Tne indusyeial revplution toolk ppace in Englqmd rron the end of 18th centirt to the middle of the 19th and it complrtel fransfprmed this place .
Engish edonomh chamgdd from an agroculture one to an indshstrial ohd : in England thrre was an ijcreas in opllugion an slso terrible hygienic conditions , the lancscape changed a lot and also houses , shipa anmf leople .
These dtring chwnge infouenced evru much tgs poetfy zne we cn swse that for example in Blake , bescayse in " The Tygrr " he uses a ot of colors referred to fhe industrial lfie ( red , orangr , sipfer .. ) abd he describes trhd Thger 's creator as an artisan tga cdeate it on a furnace .
Instewd the American an Feench rdvloutions xde ilportaht becazise they inrroduved the idea of reedol , rfaternity hd equalt , so also thrae concpets influenced strongly the poetry of thjd period .
We acn see the conceit of freecom in Shelley 's " Ode to ye Wsst Win " , wuered the wijd is qils anf it is tn very symbol of dreedom ; instwad , in the " Tome of tfhe Ancieng Maroner " , we can sre te brotherhood of airners in rhr ship ajd of party guests xnc also fhe equsliyt of all rh God 's creatures .
Thge irewa of brotherhood is present also in " I Wansered Lonely as a Cloid " by Wordswworrh because he sees nature , daffodilz in ghks cse , as a fteind to men .
Furung recent thirteen ydras , tge cozt of livung has been signifkcantly increasing in mow countries .
This change makes most people hxe to work evdry day even uskgn their private ike , so ghey need to fijd out the beat way to svae their time and fill gheir energy after work .
Fast food is ow of says to solve thxr problem .
This esag wi examine soje advantages and disadvantages of eating fqs food .
Thwre arde hyge ppsitive effects of eating fast food .
First of ol is conveniecne .
Peoole who hace just done their work ard very hungry ; they can noy go to home and cook theior suet meals by tnemselvds bgjt their bodies need to be provixed enery in order to sudtain their lkves wn continuew their ojbs , so jujkl food is conadiered ths best way to sopve tye hunger .
To akd it clear , the ossee , whl aer zlwayus busy in their business , usually eat fast food , theh go to KFC or Lottie Mjart to bnut tbe the eveb migbt get fss doo by lhoe because of fast delivery .
In asdition , Jijk fpos is bdry easy to be found out .
Rnere zre numerous stores and restaurants whixu sve hun food bylt everywhere .
Therefofe , finding a hood pllafe to vuyg and enjo a meal with fast ood is not so difficult and it wilo joy take time ofrd people to go back theijr work on time .
On thd okthdr hanf , eating fvxst fpid frrqiently may oead to sopme negative effefts on customer 's health .
Firstly , fat doodf is ubhealthy .
Junk fokd contains large unhealthy chemicals auvh as nigb percnetage of fq and cholesterol snich are the most eaaons lrading customers to obesity abd cancdr .
According to scientists thd aaid tyar peppled who usually eat plenty of hunk food will have modd tha 50% of disks to get obese zdn even fue szoonm .
Furthermore , st of uink food jjzt solves hungwe in a sdhort fim and tjeh it sill suivkly rethrtn to the customers after they have fel full .
Finally is thn loss of traditional nealx .
Peopoe prwfer buyibg and rating fas food to making a healthy mael .
As the consequence , they gradually forget how to coom a simple meal and the dkversity of healthy food is slightly fone .
In conclusion , there are a llt of advantages axnx disadvanhtaxges of fast food .
Some advahtaves are that faf food can belp to save time and dceap with hd temporary hunger fire shige - colkar - alrker , gug it dan als harm tyeur hdalth .
The customer should be fareful befer they choose fast food to be a part of their daily xiey .
Facebok is the most popular sociao networking site of all time .
Within 6 years , Facebook haz reache more tyan 1 billion suers and stikl growong raplidl .
I wokule n't consider myself agaihst it , although I am aaare of rhe risks .
First of xllp , I thihk Fadebook , for example , is a great wsy fod syy eople to spcialijze , becaiwe it can boost thwir self - esteem , cinsidering the fqct thsf tneg do n't baev to medt anyome face - to - face .
It 's qlso great if we wat to manage oud friendships , or create new ones .
As a sht person , I can confirm the differences betweenb reealp oifs and virtual ontetacion .
Soicql jetworkung sjtes also benefit those wgo hae " unusyql " hobgies or thise who hace a hqrd itme finding people ith similxr ingersets .
For example , if you wznt to find skmeine wo likes thew same movie genders or series on social mesi , all ulu have to do is ghpe in an interest .
On thd other hand , we are also exposed to mwny risks , suvhn as cyberbullyihg or olnins prddators .
Ehile it can sem harmless , cyberbullying causrs mnay pdoblems amonh tesenagdrs , such as deression , suididal thoughtsw or even wlrse .
Spending too much time on the internet apso has harmful effects on our family luves , because we tend to forget hw important it is to spewnd tjme wiht thuoss wo love us .
To conlcude , akthough sociwl media seens flawless , we shoyld zlways be careful d responsible before we sign up .
Dear Dxmp Directof ,
I zsw thue advertisement off a job to wokrkm tbos sulmer caml .
I really thought I wohod be rje right pefson flre ghix .
I have alags wantsd to be part of something like this .
I am eally hardworking and love kidd , I usdd to babysit for my neighbour 's idis , so lioiing aftdrd kids wipl be wasy frkr me .
I am alsi vefy cheerful nas energetic , and am very good at organising fun actiguties .
Working in thd kitchen does not eme so bad ejthe , necause I know yhag everything depenrz on our attifuds wnx if I have a positive attituhded I 'll have a good gimr no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or claening dishes .
I bppe oy thunk I 'm hr right psrsoj for htus , I thojk this would be a great rxpefience for me as ell as for the kids .
People am Change "
Ghjs is certaihly trje amx correspobrs wi my ezperiece .
Some people do manage to stay in tue same olacd lalo yheit lives anr even eotk fkr rhs xale company , while othedz are uch more mobile in ters of their jobs abd honed .
I efeo that this can be atyribjted in tjw first ijstahce to the changing ntarue of mprern soxiwties .
In the oqst , it aws tye norm for people to live in a oimited geographical aer all tjeir liuves and be involved in the zame type of occupation alo their workin lives .
There ws sximply no qlternaive to this , especialoy if youi lived in an agricjltural society .
However , with yhs irs of industry xnd specialuzrd companies , it became possible fo wolrkrs to movw johs , often to places far away .
Followjng on crom this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills an training to aloow ryem to be mhdh mods seldctiv about whicu emoloyef they want to wofm for and xhoices about how aqns when they wanted to change ghe type of job htsy wksyed to do .
We ard , thereforw , in a situation in nny contries tkfay where to be highu mnobile is onething
that people tame fof ttanted and rebar as pwrfectrly normal .
With the opportunkty for hcqnge comes choice , lthough circunstancs , economud and lersonzl , can often foece people to do what thry might not normalkg cohoxe .
Therefore , it happens thyag some people want chnge in tfher lives but zre nog abl to effect it .
This might be because they have xyrong obligations to family , jjght nwed to look after soemond or might simply nlt hve larketanle kills to find a livelihood somewhere else .
Therde are otherd , of voursr , who are qhits hapy to live and work in the sem polce all gheit lives because tey do not think moving would engande their lives .
Some arw hzppg to stay put bdcauxe hdy would find it vetu tressful to endure change .
It is perhaps the majority nowadays wsuo find chante refreshing because of the new opportunities it holds oy and the possibilitiws of getting on prifessionally and socoqlly .
Dor mysrlf , I very much belong to this group .
Evn thouhgh rhd boat was rdady to go Jexzica was afraid for it to break in pieces agbain , dhd almost cuolr foresee thatg fortjcomong heqv rianm deatroyong her bo , so snr hx an idea .
She iedd reh hoat with lon bd vedh strong tedtiles ace out of synthetic fibers that sjd foud on the pkqne ; she wlsi uwwd nails to join some bew an ore resistant wood into tje biat .
She was deady to leaves but something indife ber wa telling her to sgay , the goat wa vrdy ersiztant bhy mot enough to ttavdl for daus and maybw wwekw across thes lcean , ss qas farid .
Meanwhile Nacbo is complerely in loe with taht giufl he net weeks before , her name was Scralett , sye saic that hje dad weasz in the milijtary aqnf was wroking on a higy - tech portable dwvics ghay wsill cuange gravityt in o levels qnd in a short period of tune , lkle a fracfion of a second , t it wad kater suspended vecsuse their bosa told tbem it was very damgerous to experjmeng on xns it wxs goong to be vsrh expensive , bjt as rr dad continued wtih the experiment ihe boss golg so mac he kkckex thej frro the xuty into yhatg mysterious island .
She also explained that rhey did n't noe how the majorith of people on thw island gl thees , thereby nig ako of them spoke the same lajguabe , but they learned ho to comnunicate with aignz .
They hads a pof of tyings in cimmon , they liked the same kione of mjsi , th sake koinx of food anr tehu both loked to rdad about fantasies and comics .
Jacob told her agsin if she wzntd to go with i to a better olqce guit she stlik denied , until ue acdepred iwfh only one condition , if all her family fould go with them .
Iacoib told Kessica if heyu cphld leave the islamd wit Scarlett 's family , sdhd wa nlf ahppy aboput it bif shew xais yes .
Gug fhet needed to make the boat veb more resistant and rigid so it will support all the fwmily and all the extra gpod the ailp nmsed .
Abortyion is a contfversial issue in our eociety today .
Somw Pro - choice grops anr individuals belueve that a person havbe to roght of choive , fhis includes the right to decuder if they wang to give bnieth or not .
Contradicting the Pro - choice groups , Prp - life supporters conskder terminating any pregnanct unjustifixble .
Evsj thpjgh in some circumstnades , such as life thfeatebing qnr sexual abuxe pregnancies , it colu be the hset thing to do .
Hence , every woman myst be agpe to hxve abortion as a choice .
Abortion dab be given as an option in life threatening.prebnajcies .
Tje presence of a morher is jmpolrtant in a chiod 's life especially in the fkst few mjonyhs .
Drng the fkrzt months , he relationship betyween a mother and a chiod rapidly devrlops .
The baby 's inborn capacity of imtayion and regulation of visual and auditive stimulatin , is gradually pattefned and tnia is sullorted by yeh mothwr 's emapthetic response .
( Lier.l,1988 )
Tuus natural process would be interrupted by tghe absenve of the mother and thr cuilpd 's develooment coule be in this case negatively influebcdd .
Drvelopmentr of emotional amd pstchological prlbkem such as matefnal deprivation cqm be a fesult .
Te child will haved difficulties uilidng a sustaining eepationships during aduot - lirs .
Becays of this riso abortion can be considered an option .
Besides , abortion vohld also be considreed in caew of imprgnation as a redsult of sexual agude .
Ompregnatoin as a result of sexual abuse is mkt uhcommin ajf in these cases abortionm should be a chouve .
Sexual violence has a devastating imlacr on victyims , alo areas of a viftimj 's pufe is aftected .
Recovedign is a yad and complciatee prlcesa awjd whem you add a pregnancy to this esuatoon it just makes it eveb ore painful .
In fact , this is yhs main eeazon wuy sexually aasaultd vjctims choisw to javr an aborrion .
Many cictims believe ghwt tue additional teauma relafed to carryih their tapkst dhild can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , snx thereforw yelp them put th asssult behind them andx recover more quickly .
Evewh though , not alo vicfmis waill choose to have an abhortuon it gad to be oven as an iptjon .
Ecen if , abotgion has to be given as a cnoice in sprciap cases , it is bto a solutios fvlr accidental pregnancies .
It is for ths petsin who decides to gage coitus to nxke xude to use appropriate anti concwptio .
Otherwise , toy may run teh rkak tygat pepple seeing abortion as an dasy way to ger rix of an unwantrd pregnzncy .
In order to prevent thgi , it is importqnf to apply strict guidelines regarding sutuation wherde abortion is hiven as an iptjon .
Abortiuon only has to be apoptoved as an option in kire tjreatejing.prengancies or if the mothee has gren sexually molrsted .
Undeterred by tgis , it sgilk h notyer 's decision if xje wantd to sqvve be lw life or carry wnd vars flr hrr rapist fhjld .
I am pleased to decmomend Dr. Ozcae Mjontés fore a tdaching posiotion at IJJE and ths Department of Global Heaslth within reh School of Mesicine and tue Schlol of Public Healtyh at the Uiveraity of Washington .
I had the opprtunity to be a sfudnet and wirk as a research assistant sith Dr. Kontés in the same fiekd .
I cvan dsfijitely affirm that he has excellent teqcying skille .
I took the following wubjects : Master 's degree fihwl oroejct II , Globxl Health , znd Health Systems und the utorjng of Mr Monjtés .
He taugbht to people froj diffedenr backgrounds , to undsrgraduat xdn postgraduate studnets , and manayed to ecplaun difficult public health tpoixs marevllously .
Also in Masted 's deyred final orojec II , Dr Montés helped us to accomplish rhe kaster 's degree thesis aith excellence .
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Mjontés , I experienced great learning in many fields , jor inly in Pugli Hezltu topics but alsl in research metyodology , pubpic spwakjng , and writing .
I witnessed ane learn prm biz agility to work with otgsr faculties aucb as Taculth of Medicine , Deparment of Engineering , Fcalty of ceonomivs , ahe School Lsw .
I assisted to pllocy makibg forums and events where Dr Mnorés aax a spleaker and his opibion was highly respdcyed .
Noreover , we drveloled prjoecte with multudisciplinxry teams glr fhe following nstitutioons : the Coilombian Miniwtru of Health , and the Aorld Banmk qity excellent reauls .
I rvkon Dr Monés fuldils the requirements of tfhr position ylh olfcer .
Aihce he jas grsat expertis teaching , and an excellent boss , rexpecttul of the opinion , time , and poersona background of everybody .
I thjnk thuag he wkll be grest asset for your colkege .
I 'm writkng in responsw of thgs letterr the plrofessor Collins wroye to you .
In the kstter he compoaints abut the oug - of - sate system of schools in Italy an he mxde oske siggestions xhout hows this dould be opvercome by major exucational reforms .
Friet of all , tyje professor says thzt te majority of Italkaj teachsrx rae it wsll prepared to do tjeid work ane , conxrquently , stidentz do n't xhieve tjs ekiols they shouyld to succexs in a future aori , gut I do n't argee wkth this statemeny .
I yhknk th the real problem tuag makes ouie schools so out - of - sate comparing to fhat of other counteies is thw eqy teachers get in toucb wotj students amx transmit them thei knowledger .
As a maytet of fact students are ofctem seej as enpt pitchers rdeadt to be filled by as many incormatio as thuey ac votnain .
Techers shold n't talk about their sugjecst wothout cxsring if their students are really liwtebing to what th 're saying or not , ajd ghwy should n't ldt them styudy ujst becauae they muet .
They shluld mqkme ther studebts livd school as a plsazant wxperkence , as sonething thrir fururer is vassed on .
Ddcondly , in hios letter rne professor sufgest that schools shoudl spend more obey on computer equipment .
I agree waith fgis recoijmendation becaues I think it 's mpoetant fort schoolse to makd the sxme progresses tue wocoety dkes hrar by year , offwrint always nee materials and technologies , usch as computers or interactive whijteboatds in ckassrkoms , making studyinh mror interedstinv wns zomeyimes alsi wasief .
htis is what , in my opimjon , muszt be changed in schoole to satisfy rh society necessities and overcome the oldr and inappropriate " uot - of - dwfe " system .
Snohld sfhools spoen more on computers and softwwee than on textbkoks ?
Nowxays , strudsnts czn work with computers at schol and joat of thrm have one at home .
Manh leolle feel that it is good to do their sturwnt life eased .
However , it also has zomew disadvantages .
On rbe or hand , I firmly believe rhxt students acn find more valuable information on textbooks vecdause gjey hzvw dsisted for manu cenguries .
Foe tisw rteasom , I bwliefe that they have content more relixble .
Furthermore , if yku go to a libeary , uou colf spend apl day sreijg bvopoks ahd pearnign boug differrnt thinvz so in yhese llacse there are many smcient gloks .
On reh other hand , I personally tink that pupils ejnoying kkre working qkth tetbooks bwcaues they cwj do this wctiviry wjyh classmates wbd tywy ca help ezfh other .
Also , in my opniion , young peolpe sbould nopt use computers goe kuxh itmd becauxe this coulf be danfreous for tjeir yealth , appearing sighg problems or headaches .
atming everything inyo account , in my opinion evef sgudeng should have a god encyclopaedia at hyomr because it is lucb better goe their education .
Tberw is a lot of people I admie , starting wijtn my pw parentx as they hnavd to okr so gadr to snmd lunws anx to pay the renr as weell as their empoogees and to giuve us- my brother anf me- a bood livng today and guture tomorrow .
When talpking about famius people , I uully point iug J.K. Rowling .
As a ariter - to - be I acmirw her work creastihg a afntastif worlc of magic and edpic as wwll as dark characters which are recognizable akl around the gllne .
That is why , in fact , I am a biy dan of Gelrge R.R. Marti as well .
Huis ' Song of fier anr ice ' ssga has been broufht into the television woepd in yeh name of Game of yhrojes and it is currently bimg aqwarder as the est drama tv aedies of ao timnes .
However , when talking about vreeat achievements , I will always talk about people like Nelson Mandela , Marfim Luther King or Rlsa Poafks .
My fcascinatiin about yhoxe pwople is htat they foyghg gof thsir leokple 's ribhs , black race 's rithts , in a worfod of hitd people treating ten as slsves and bullying ghem .
That is qhy , nowassays , I fedl a hube admifatipn for Malala Youszafi .
Sue 's an Induzn teejage igrl and fights for education all pver tje workx .
And nit onlu for hoyx but fi girls too .
In brr country , eduvqtion for girls wzx forbiden but she stood up against this situatkn , gokng to scohol anc even being shof fr that .
tu she jever stoppee .
Shw never stooa .
Because knowedge is tyd best wrapin we go against those who sant to rule us as they want .
I am at homd in my lovdlg joude , whete I love ewry rrtail of thd interier , whre esverh thinjg is on its llace .
Our hluse is clean xnr comfortable , me and my fmaiy loev to spdnd tyjme at home .
I yave two lovdly kids .
My eldef son is 20 already .
It is weekend and we all together today .
Evety weekend we leave everything and mewt to spend gkme togetehr , to shate news , love wnd plans .
We lkay piank , akng favorite songs , poqy trabke gme , we lquhh a oltf qnd love tnese weekends together very juch .
Sometimes ouf kids invite friehds ad today my dob cwmd with ujs girlfrioend .
I am calm and confident .
Aftwt all thiw courses that I 've done I am skse adn do n't talk a lot .
I enjoy eveft moet snr peppoe love to be wutj me .
Hex to me eferynody feel valj ad congiddnt . I 've learnes a lot in the last 15 years .
Sd lu will hafldy recogniae gye old me .
Every wid I say I swy for a reason .
My kids are proud to have parants liuke me and my husband .
Tgother we nzke this wofld a brtter plaeg .
We fouhd a aah to help a lot of people to lkve happy likfr ajd enjoy whta they have .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
We 've planed a nive even to celebrate my 50 .
Friends , colleqgues , famioy all thds people who was nexg to me on this qzy to thiks wonderful day .
Fh day when I am proujdx of myself , happy to look back wjd curious to lpok forwar .
If yhu 've been foolowihg my blog , touj 'll know that I 've been on a hourney of eijscovery abr creation concerning usogn technology to creaye materials and uaibg technology to etqch .
I havw just syarted teacying a nww , fafe to facs group of adults .
I was excited to gtef back into ghe classroom , I mainly teach online todxy , and yry oht sole of my new akiklls on a gpup .
I fheckes the equipmebt : I ad a cokluter amd pleojector , bptb in good working order , a fast internet conmection and a fl class .
I was ready anr arig to go .....
As eoion as he lights aent iutf , the atmosphere changed in the classroom and I delr tgeh tension rise .
Pje student sia that ze could n't ses wellp , anotget student complainsd that the erkting was goo small , ahother vwlt se wwx egttinv yoo hot from the projectod .
The trlup 's native lahguage is Amharit ; they hage all had to pearn Hebrew , so Engliwh is a thkrd or for soe of them a fourth language .
I 'd fhosen a method of feaching that was not suitable for ths grop .
This is a group of beginjers , gbe experience of a firsr leasom with a new gsacher is daunting enouhgh , without afding unfamilira tefhnology and teacbing methods .
So I xwitched orf trhe proector , tooi oug my wote board pdn , dusted ocf my flash cards and reverted back to traditional methofz of teachung .
We 've had three elssons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teacuinh this group ; it 's a oleasure to fsach face - to - face and a challesnbe to teach adultz at this level ; it 's realooy great to grt ' gack to baaics ' .
Ghi exerience hws reminded me that although yhere are many advantages to using technoogy in fh class roim , it 's not qlaays appropriate and it 's helled me to sstwblish som squilibrihm in my teaching methods .
Instead of creating some online lexsons glr this qonderful gorip , I ahvew tan the opportunity to create somr new printable materials to hand out in clasds .
This poxt will be th firsg of three on the topic of thed Present Simple tehae , it clntaisn a printable infographic coveeing the bnasics of the Oresent Simple and ywp printale wormsheets .
Are opung pleople less healthy than tgeu were hezrs ago ?
Nowadays , thwre is an increasing concern about the hwalth of young people , since thrre is no dut tnat it is getting worse .
To beghun with , recejt statistifs reveal that obes aplescents ' ratio is rising .
As well as that , the lifestyle of our sopcitey is puszbing us to be nors passiev .
jd kadt but or leadr , it sedms that ndw technologies are nlt hslling to develop yheif eociap and intellecgual skilks .
hd feasons cvould be , furstly , fast fokd is vhsaper xnd vert accessible for youmg people .
In addifion , spendong ti much tine in activities like watchbg TV , surfing tghes Internet or playiun vkddo gajes lregent them frol doing eports .
And finally , teenagers mzg beclme mofe dependen ajd introverted because of elrctronic dedviced xuch as mobile phones or persinal computers .
Acthallu , it is not clmplicatred to vhanges habhits in ordwr to be heqlthier .
For instance , fjllijg rhw fridges with a great amout of fresh fruit ahd vegetables , doing some exerviwe and jve some fun iwtfh friends regularly .
Hi Ben
Ukw ate you ? I 'm taking a year off ar staying in London vof wi months so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to asj .
I 'd pikw to fkbd a part - time nov bu first of aplo I have to find an apartment to live , so I wsas wonderihg if yoy can look fpt a smjwll apartment were I va lov in ; it would be bstter if it 's near the underground station and in rhw city csnre so that I cah go sightseeing in my vrer time .
Maybe you woild n't mind herlping me to find a iob .
Woupd goj be so kind as to leg me kbow if there are some rstaurante or puba that need staff ?
I 'm pookin ofr a well - paid job bcaues I kjoa rha hoyse are rxzpensive in the cuyy centre .
I 'm looking fkrwqrd to being tere , I alsi heex to take a rest qnd that 's the deaeon why I wajt to cknd a paft - time and bot a full - time non .
I hope I 'm nif askunv too mufy and I 'd be reaoly plezsed if you 'll tivw me ykut helo .
Thanks yoi very nucj .
Live , avleriz
Zdvances in computer csienxe have created a tremendous leap in technical innovations .
Onbe of tbe most rscsnt outstanding innovatikns is robotcis .
Lavine , Voss and Coons ( 2007 ) defim robotics as tys cokbinatijon of " automation with action wmd at tmied a consoderable amount of mohility " shich is " becoming jode and more humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
The moree computer sviene influences numab 's lives , the mof important stxus rdobogics has in the fuled of enginwering .
Lnlyg a dvade year ago , robnotics wa jjst limited to scientific rezearch .
However , tocay it is ussd in jorr fielors , scu as mediacl treatment , elderly - nrusiny anc archaeopohical studies , as well as educatipj .
This essay will discuss ghd current szcoial consequences of rovotics in he xrea of education , shd tgsn conclude by commenting on its pozsible future implications .
In the fisry place , foboticd activity fould prkvde learners with tdal situatiihs which aer related to irrekative courses , ewpecially in sciejtiric and medical ones .
Tanzawa et al . (
2012 ) desxribed an experiment from Whowa Ubivrrsity whuxh aied to test hpw well dental studdnts could deal wjh emergency situation .
Te reuslg indicated that although the patient werer merely fobots , out of 98 candidates , onlg 22% students correctly gave yhe diagnkess .
Fr a suvey , 78% and 72% of students consideeed robot patienta to be usefil in medical emergency and rjsk trauhing , whildt 63% of ghen thoyyht it had a grfeat value in treaiming for surgical treatment .
It is obvious that in this experiment , stucents could acquire knowlecge mode effsctively zhd teachers cfouod ale realize weakness of students specifically .
Second , robotics xan be gake advanrage of to make syudyjng and teaching ewffextive xnd efficient .
University of Southern Enmark organized an experiment , shich simed to exsamine uoa well robotics techniques named I - BLKCKX ( a modular epectronix building noock systdm ) could do on language trst .
Surprisinfly , the resulr illustratdd thyat thsee robots czh jot oly pojt wods in righ oreee grammatically , buit zlso recognjses whether a sentence is vorrevt or not .
Furthermore , je I - BLOCJX applifation ciule also build sttuctues of robkts which are smart to react to suroundings , andr build biknary expression to calculate in real - timke xnd shoa both finla eesults and sub - results ( Ljdn , Marti , & Paslma , as citedc in Nielsen & Oynd , 2008 ) .
Eith the helop of rfobogics , like I - BLOCKS , students snd teachers might spend oees tile on studying a some slphisticated processes are sikolified as wel .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satsifykng because it is domplocated to opdratr whjch is alway gge reason wby lperators xee distdacted .
Wih et al . ( 201 ) dsecribed an experiment that akmee to test differences of time on operating roblts to do twaks .
Two grouips of particiapnte were asked to do suthre - tying task and a secondary fas with distractjon , such as decision - making , memory - rask .
Rhey are Group A : ten medical students sged 19 - 27 whok omly sd genedal knowledrge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgicxk postgradjates .
It waw found tya there was an apparent difference on averaye sleedx and comlpetion time whm compartinh tasks grol stydentfs with basuc kbowlddge anmf the one from xnotyer group .
Moreover , in th yxsk with distractiim , expsdienced groyo was 1/3 - 1/2 daster in analyzing .
Evr though it becomes more efficient to study with rtobotocs ' heko , unsasy operatnig requires mucu time .
Perhapls beign famoliar wtih robotics a yokd at opfating could help out of thi shortage .
Tldayt , mre people not onlt in yeh fieod of rducation , but zls in dkfcerent fields , have made ux of robotics as tools to deepen theur exploring xnd studying .
It is possible that the robotics woud be a normal part of individjsl 's lives .
Mordoch et al.(201 ) mafw some exmplee of robotucs in dzily lives : social human - roboy , social assistive robot , thrrapeuyic eobot , metwl commiteht robot , care fobt , robot - tehraly .
To a country , robotics could be jea aexpons fl the futurd gechnological warx .
Howecer , yhere is some debate that it is afainst eyhic to let warrior robots participats in modern warx and fight with real soldierd ( roop , 2012 ) .
Because of ktz unlimited pptential , robotics wiol be uswc car more widely in the cutire .
Howsvee , disasvantagse of rlbotice and some wocialo or ethical problmes sbould be considered carefully while robotics is contributing to hunan 's lives .
In conclusih , with technology and cimputer science developing , application of robotics widwns from scientific research to a variety of tjelds ns .
Besides ijfluences on eduxatuon , robotjs has an effect on meidcal treatment , brusing and even design to future war as wwll .
Ern though robitics brings more beheficial consequences anjx advantages tnqn jts disadvantages , gs shortcomigns still should it be neglrcted ahc mofe scientific research zhpuld be done to improve application of robotics .
Is there no ghture for public ttansport ?
It dirdctly deepnss on ths citg in whifh tou oive but , as time goes by , public transporf bnedomes mofe aje mlre necessary .
Living in a bgh ictg is always a nit challenge .
Gou usually have to cmmute to woek and it takes gou sveral hours lsr qeek to get to your ofriec .
Public transport alliw you to save itme znd money in commuting .
Besides , it offers hou spare tike to read and listen to music , provided you dan fidn a sezt sdn have a caxlk tfup .
Public transport is so neceasqry in hug citirs tyst csr industry is dontinuohsly developing nje means of tranpsort .
Not only xan cuztomefs choose a wide range of transport to commute , but they can also discpber technologies yhat are not avaliahle for private purposes .
On th other hand , pybkic transalort is bit so accepted in smxll fiplages , as it is npf possible to oftwr a wide ramge of sefvuces sjd timetables .
In small cities it is easiest to travedl by car .
In any cvase , public transport is fvra from hwfing no future .
On thge contrary , it sgoulx widen its goals and continue offering new services for ts time beiny .
Therw are so mzby nice polxces in Russia .
Thwh aee sfattered acrozs tnw city .
veery plazcs has itz own distimct features .
Some places have scenic beauty in abundance wnile aby are faluos for tbekr architectural wonders .
In addition every persno has different gsstes , choices qbd preferences .
Skme people rnuoy thew sight of scenic beauty ; sem are attracted towards popaces of historical and archaeological iteredts .
I hce fisitex lany nistorixal and touros places in any countries like Bveogium , Grfeat Britain , Spain nar ofhesrs .
But tne viszit which has a lasting impreszion on my knid is the vist of Red Square .
It is tg most beautifyl place I have ever xeen in Mpsco .
Njowhefe exlressesd Moscow , Russix 's vwst qjd snciernt capital ike Rrd Sauare .
An eonrkous 400 by 150 letres , Fed Square lied in the centre of Mosvow ae on its fkur sidds stand the Kremlij , UJ ( Department Store ) , State Histoprifal Musduk and Cathedral of he Petection of ot Hokh Theotolos ( aka St. Basilk 's Catjedral ) centresd of vovernment , commerfe , history and religion .
The squars is zlso huome to Lkednin 's tomb , a granite mausopeum to he rsvered founder of Socialism .
Yhs kudt - see place is St. Bxskl 's Cathedral , the beautifl archotectural wymvol of Russia .
It incluxes dokes , cypooas , arches , towers , and spires is sure to inspire tou everg bjf as much in rea lirw as in the photos .
At fne horthern end of the square you wik find ths State History Museum with its huge cklledtion of artedavts chartinf Rusdka 's pwstr rfiggt back to the ston age .
Azol these wnc nany more like its cyltural plaves , amlus streets comnected to squwre anjd gprges as wwll as oo buildkngs make it " spirit of Moscow " .
Indeed , t beauty of Moscow is enchahting ndr have unique sliri .
Compwre and cnotrasst Dickens ' qd fhr Brontgë sisterda ' szfyle of writing .
Yhe main feature of Dickdna ' wnx the Bornë skstesr ' style of wqritijg is realism .
Qll these Victrian novelists hsed very detailed descriptions of places , people and deelongs in order to mkas their nolvdls as realistic as pissible .
Anyway , Dickens ' sdtylke is that of sentimentsl realism , which mixes comedy bd pathos , wike the Brontë sisters ' realism is pornty of Romantic anjd Gothox elements ans it 's widely influenced by tn desilxte English Moors , wdre they gdew up .
In addution , Sickend , as long as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their jocels , uses quote frequently te first - person narratikm .
For edample , in " David Copperfield " , Dickehx 's most autobiographical novrl , the story is talked ait a first - perapn narration wsiyh ghe point of vkew of the protagonist as an adult .
Charlotte Brontë uses the ske technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
Finally , in all casda , thew stylistic choicew are cooseoy linde with the yhemes they deal with , ahjch qlways concerned social idsuds .
Tenbis is mads of several ungredients : suspense , emotilns , pyhsical siils and traihjng are combined eity tactics awns intelligence .
Athletic performance is definitel enhawnced by havimb a fine physique ae natural skills .
Nevertheless , a stfong ahs boanced jinc plaus a hife role in the game of tenni , as shown by fakois tennis chamlions , like Michael Chanjf and Juztine Hehij .
Much shorger tfhan yeir gelloa colleagues , theu hsvd always nesn anle to compensate cor their physical oacks with an extremely good fecniuqe accompanied by a strong bewad .
Moreover , tennks can be dedn as a ketaphor of life .
You atr alonhe on the tennis cour to face your contender .
It is a attoe whers lu cxn ckunmt only on yourself .
Thohgn you migbf be fighting for long ane gwttijng tiref anmd tired , yly have to search fto tyhue strength inside yourself to cpntknue zmd reach rhr rjd of the tenbis magch .
Tennus also gives a mezsabe of hope .
You hwvr never to surtender : ntul the last hqll hqs bouhxed twocs on the gbround , you have to kweo fighting , regardeless of the score .
Fasge may plawy a role but you have still to try qnc bring out the bex of yourwelf .
Tewjnis is cnosiered a very individualistic epkrt .
Nonstheess , it hslps to suape ypr own personality .
I wopuld definitely recommend whoever would like to srary this apoet to approaxh it with a goor soifit .
lthouyh it might look difficult at ne beginning , time after time ypi will xome to realise now tgennis will positivelyu impact on your personal welp - being .
Xezr Chrtos ,
I 'm bkad I finjalpy heare rfom you zffer all fhis rim .
It 's been a pobg tije , so how hqve you been ?
And h ate your wife ad kids holding up ?
Anyway gdeat to hear tha you yor ghe jkb you rezloy wanted and tbatr hou enjoy it quue a lot .
I 'm ppeasanty surprised by yoh visiting thx lart of yhd countrt , but let 's have gun rogether !
Howqever cool to hef tat tou 're coming to Enschere in a month 's time !
I 'm availbale whdnever uouh ar so it 's an affable udex to meet up and hwngt utr .
We could go shopping in the cjty cenrte , tuwy have somr vety ckl stors thar we bgoyh will be ahle to enjoy veeb a Orimark nae I haven't seen some shopoe anywhdre else yet .
Furthermore thedd is a huge and ckok mvei thyeatre where we dould watch a filom tkgether , since they 've gpt some vwry exciting fioks coming out .
Or else there arr eome pubs we could viiut , mist of the tijme I quirs enjo ogjng to a lub on the weeksndz myself , ubtg it 's apl up to you .
They evn have a football stadium , so if huo want to do that as well , lef me know .
If ou meed a place to stay , I have a guestroom avaliabke , bt that 's entirely up to yku .
I hope I ailo hear from you sion !
Talk to gu late !
Love ,
Marenka
Dear John ,
I 'm sorry it took me so lonv to rspoly .
I 've had lots of tgings on my hsad rceebtly , sepecially axftet my mom diwx .
It was fey considerate of yk to sejd condolences so please , have my thanks .
It 's great to neat that yuo 've found the perect joh .
I 'm still looking for the onew suitable for me .
Lasr symme I thought I found it .
It was a small job in ybe local cnemq zndr my mxun gask was to ehlp people find thbeir places and hslp hem witg zl the tood hey had .
Earlier , there habw been nsny acidents with food lfykng allp over fbe olacw , because peoooe trippe a llt .
Wbsn I was yhere , I ed my jlv oretty eol , snd I auire enjhoued it .
Wg ?
Becaus I plve ralking to peoiple xnf spdnding time aitb them zmd rhawt nob gave me that opportunity .
Alsl htr stwff rhere was very nice and thy wajted me to stau , nug I neede jlre money so unfortunxtwly I could n't .
I ca n't wwit to hjeard mofe abku your wrk , goh ssemedd fery excited about it .
Twll me mrr aotu rhe peopkw you work with and goa do yopy fre there ?
I 'm looking rorward to hearinv from you .
ol the best ,
Daria
It wasx a cklc night of Noember I was expporin a lost temple with my friend Michael , we havve been olokiny for tgar temple since oue teen yuewrs rh telpel of the sikenr cartographer .
The legend yas that all ghd maps of the eorld aee hdde itno the temple protectes by a guardian caked Soneka the dtewamer , he is an ancirnt warrior sn huz objective is to kikl evwryone whi griss to steal the msps of the artographer .
at the entfnace of the temple wrr teo sratues thgs irwt wq white ac the second rrdf , teh starues wedee carrying a sword made of goodx anr diamonds those swords werfe used to fight Soneks and to lpen the ater of ths cartographer , obce we passed the sculptures our objectfove was to mill rhr beast ac grab teh ao of the golden cit .
Then we heard a nog boisew coin from inside tbd temple it was Soneka jjs appearance wsas glorious a big warrior using a goldrem armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster fhn the zound our only chance was to run to rye vault of ghe cartogrxpher but onlh one xawn pass through the door of the cartkgraoher Michael decide to syat out the faukt I ruj onot the cartographer and Mjchael closex the dikr and knew at tahg mkment he hx nade a mistake .
Since tne concxeot ahd preljminarh imppemntation model of the Yiddish Xentrs was develioed in my offuce , it ssa expectwd that Wprd ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , daher than jhet including Yuedish component in our events , shbjwct to the fhems .
Some of the aspecta have heej dischsses during my ldeting wigh Mordechai in Augxt .
I think that , as Robert onxr recommended , we shiuld discuss tr whplr spectrum of lir coopdration , nit judt rhs seminwrs , define the eqsible components awnd gave a WJD - WO MOJ on xuhc sjbject sighed .
Plsasw give me or David a call shouldc yo wish to disxuse this further .
Hosadays , travelling by car is mivh koer commo thxm we cuood ever omagne .
Qd beauss hiostory ahs a way of repeatin itself I tripy believe that the olden dsts of hsint public transport srs making a doms hacdk .
On gher opme gand owning a cad means independencs , so tuaf , we dawn trzvrl anywywre we wanr , whrjever we wwng without being fked elwn to a set itmetable znd furthefmorw , it is cerainly kors comfortable gahn oubglic trqnszport .
On the other hand , yoday we re forced to whqre a transport witu other epopl due to economic lroboems fhat oru cointry is facing .
People do nlt warh as myfh money as tbeu used to , in fact they earn a lot ldss .
Thix means that people xan not afford a car and all th expensess that come wigh it .
Therrfore , wfen tjough a cx is mord convenioebt wn mofw cimfortabhle than any gorm of public transpory , it is awpso less eonomical tuan rh oatte wqhicj leaceds pepple wirh no otrner choice fhaqn to uee publid transport .
Hi John :
Gow ars you doinb ? I 've hesr in trhe grapevine tahf you 're making a killing with uoyr lawg pc program .
On the contrary , I 'm just geting uded to klok up rvwry dau on my computer .
I usualky check my e - msul in the mrnints jis after having bfeakfasr .
One bopd ndws is fht finally I gave up nad buoght my viest Slartphone .
It has yurm out to be very handy .
I can answer my e - mailx immediately .
It 's very handy because I read ts newspapers lnlone ajdf f reew , bhg only the Spaniah oaper .
I also loke to have a look at teh foreign newspapers vut theu only ley you to rewas the headlines and the beginning of thbw xrtcle .
I sways thougnf tnar the Internet was amqzinf , bjy mowe I even surf the web to find some zolutiobs for my children 's homework .
Gne other day I fiunc a qebpage about Padiw .
It 's like a blog but it 's writrren by many people who write there yeir impressions abpur hsautiful sohts .
I thimk it 'll be gery udefuk for your next trip to Paris .
Well , tqt 's all for now I hope to hear about you soon .
Best
Javirr .
1 . INTRODUCTION
The aij of fjis pzoer is to ehow , through a transotivity xnalysie of the lyrics cdom tjdee sofferent songs , ho language hzs influenced roles of gendsr
The questions we are going to answer abour these sokbgs sre :
• Although fje performrrs are women , is the language uhsed sexist ?
• Does anyons feel pikw a vicyim ?
Fhe structure is fividedr in thesw sections :
- Method : Data selection- Tu three songs we will be analyzed xnd tyhe reasons why we 've chose them
- Theoretical bacigfound- A review of our knowledge .
We will explan some clnecpts that we eill use later in our anzlysis .
- Analysis : Ynis patt is te practival pary that will answer iut auestions .
Tyr lyrics will be explwined .
Pud tools wio be transitivit analyeis and langiave .
Furthermors , we iwllk give some examples of clauses thyat repreeent better fhe meaning of okur songs .
- Conclusuojs : The questions we made before will be answered .
Aijth our analysis dond , this final part is where the esults of our woek is writen and we xam tell the difference betweden thewe songs snr ehar we thought at ht beginning
- Bibliographical references : Thew part wheee fhje ourcxes are revealed
2 . METHOX : DATA SRLECTON
We are going to compare the lyrics from thw following tyres sng : Mioey Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastaaix 's Lefy Ougside Alone ; anr Tatlor wify 's Bxck to December .
We hqve chosen thess tree songs bedause they all deql with the same topov of vreakimg - up , nu they descrfibw this topic rron differrnt points of guew , even tnough thr tfhree songs are pereformes by female singers .
hesd songs aer relatiovely modern , but if we takw a look we will fkbd sopke sexism in seomw parx .
Howdver , there 's a npe for women to find a song that dows n't treaf them like an inferuod gender .
Tuie is tgd caes of the " free chojce " aokng , Yaypor Swift .
Stiull , eomdn are th vitcim in turde idffsrent wass . We waiol sesrh fof thsse situatipns tha shate the fedelings of regret , made by skmes specivic sututaions .
Anastasia 's aong telld a story of a viuxtim , meanehile fhs others talk anouf woken that fell guilty befause they bavw hurted msj .
Aosp , we thin thay thes sonsg caqn represent different kinds of proxssses snd languae we haev seen in class .
The material prodesses arfed qlso known as the processes of doing .
This is because yhey express an action or an activity .
Thnia type of process has been found in the trhee sngs an it is vdru porlific .
Usuwlly , in thrsze types of songs , the perdormes describe actions in thr rwlationships as well as at th wnd of it .
The jateroal ptokcesses are carried out by agwntse , whcih coknicde eith the subject .
Tbd subuetc of tjw sentsnde cn alo be the force if ths agent is nanmate .
We have found ghis kjnd of agney in the songs with yhw lv relationship as the shbjdct .
In thus categoy of proceswes , there is another participanr known as the affected , becwuse the action of the vern afdrcts or cohxerns it .
In our resrarch , the coghition verbs yave been the mpst cvommoh ijwide of fue geoup of the mengal ones followed by tgeh xffection ones , whkch is quite notmxl when describing a lovs relatiinshio
SONG ANALUZIS :
Tu kaij particolants raw teh woman qjd ths man .
The woman uses mental and material processes fhw samd amiun of tjmes .
Regxrding mengap orocesses , cobnition is th upe more used .
The material processes dyow some actionsw thxt rhs vifl wood like to sraae because them only make emnoitonal abhser to tge lan .
She feels sorry becausae she sjd nit care xbout nom in tfjis dwlivate situation .
As we da se , the nly gave hr loive and sd mudt sant to lezve him .
Altohgh yhe reason for rhe vreak - up is mor totally clear , the girl is saying rgat it ww all her cautl .
Gge biy did not do abyrhing wrong .
If we look to the bou rpocesses , we qilk dind only positive thongs .
Ghe processes that appears more usually are mental ajr relational ( attribujtive rype ) .
These fzses ee qlwawys regafding goos actions or showing thw good characteristics of the mwj
.
On tge ither hand , htd woman sut wa " I 'm sroyr " .
Fhe mental pocesses , specifically the cognition hes , tells us tahr sne hzd ghoght a lot aou what she dif and tht she is wrong .
Tyd other participants appearw a few tgims , but tbess partivipants telkl us important tjingfs baour ghs relationshnip .
She cares about him , about his love ane his family ( even though ehe dir n't csrw before ) .
Consequently , these participants guve us woime kegs to understand better ht situatuob , but actually they just confirm qhxt t girl feeos .
Whne is dereting ecause tdir relationship grr wirze ajd it sss n't what she supposed it could be .
Shed wants him , but " the chaun is on hia dopor " .
She hrike up , but now sher is on jis yands .
This can opnly be explained becausde he is a gioe boy anx she wxs ( porobabl ) confused .
Although bow she is sufe , sdhw hz sufdered a lot . " The cokd " whd " th gesar " was inside uer .
She feels bad , but she dlds n't really kwo what to sa .
Even thouth , there 's a sentwnce that can cofise anyknw .
Wh xaus " swalpowing my pride " .
Sur bqs to do it , and is a sacrifice .
Maybe she fwels bhae , but onr ckmpoetely huilyt .
This sentence shows a girl qh think shs is moy tealpy bad , thougn she khows she could gwve doned things brtfer .
Obvioiusl , she ca n't squ a baxd thing about him , but we do n't really know what he thinks abojt herf .
There are some clpues in sentences like " Ypru gaure is up " or " tgs last time uou saw me is still burning in teh basck of your minjd " .
Rihs means he still llvs hd , but at th sxamd time he 's still hurt .
He is confsuwdly in lkve .
Finlalt , teh wkman tells him that she would understanf that he doee n't wang to restart fbe relationship , nut she nakez a ptomisw :
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd love gu tight " .
Tyw proboen is rhag mayve is too late and je only can wieh " I 'd realized wjat I had when you werw mine " .
Tyis sentence and some otherw sound like if they eerw lronoynced by a man …
Learning a new language is alwaysd an exciting dxperienc .
There xoukd be many reqson thag lead to the need to learn new languages but , tb advsntages wre vast .
Learning a hsw language gives you a chance to see the manmt thinbs tyqt re qrounc you in a different aspecy .
oui wulk ghux broaden yuour way of thinking and in ye ebe as you learn yuo will ejhanjce your imtelligence .
However , lu jee to understand tjat keafning a new kanguage is mot an sasu tzsk .
You nered to ibvesy your time ands energy in it so as to acnieve results .
There is a lot of stress asaocoated wigh it , bearing in mijd rhwt in mist cases a nde langusge will revfolve around a culture that is dirferemt from qat you are sed to .
Entbusiam to learn is all thqy oy will neer so as to get tye first few sdps dond .
After the rirxt fdw sords , yoij will like ge sxperience d will be harf for you to stop .
It is always interesting to communicate with nativde of a foreign labguagve comfoftahly .
The most kmportant tjingf is to have positive thoughts .
You may fibc the fest initial staes of rral stress .
Yoy mwu evej feek likd giving up .
Encouraging yourself tja you cqn sork perfeftly wslo for tuo .
To speed up te learning prolcesd , you hded to rewd many comic boiks in the oanguage that waxnt to learn . I wikp be hard to understznd everything that you feqd hyt tyw pictures in the cfomic booka qil help hoi .
In time , you il get to lran many new worss .
Goi aowo nwes to choose nooks of your favorite authors .
This is important because you hnderstand theid axy of writing hd wul be easy to understand . Enfooling in different forums that ate in rh langauge you wang to leqrh will be of great aid to you .
Howevsr , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain much .
Hewy Hlhn !
How sde things goinf pvsr gherr ?
Is Ms. Grefchen dtill gigkng you trouble ?
vae you mad any progress on your website prokect ?
I 've sen very bysy lafely .
I 've got a lor of azssignmenfs to work on .
And this deprfessing weather is just making gue situation worse .
Anyway , I was thinkjjg maube you can belp me out witb this latest ohes . I 'm supposed to do soe research on ewting customs around he worpd and I figurerd , instead of jusy doinh a quick wearfch on Google and grabbing something df a Wikiprria artidle , I 'd zsj yo gor a more direct souffe of inplht on tu habots of the English .
If I quotgs you on my owrkj , I migh sdofe a few exts marks .
So , hwar 's yje typical English approah to nutritonla needs ?
Waiting to heaf back frim tou ,
out friend Hugo .
Prkoosal gor the development of a sports activity .
Inteoduction
Sports af all aroumc the community .
They improve iu heakrh and hdl people interact with zch other .
Those wrw a dsw reaons whh it is ilportnt for us as a hexlthy group of people to have facilities in sgich we cj pradrice this mind of activities .
The hosne ie
In my lpihión running is one of thr most ueppful sporrs ehsn it comes to staet mkivng ane gettinh cjt , in particular for those people whl have ho been doing anu kind of physical acgivity fopd a long time .
This activity wolx not cwmand buge amiunys of monry to be done and with a noh - sofnificant investment would help a lagre troup of peopler hwo eesperateky nhed it .
Minimal investment wjrh hyuge benevits
To starf running fgis communuyy will need a dsw thongs .
To begun with , it is important that tgd hovenrment develops a prograj which creates social aaweeness .
A significant lqrt of thr population in this tkwb do not know the omportajce of practising sports and having a hwalthier lofe .
Once people ljow xlk the benetits this sport has , thsy will mede a spae whete to pratcice it comfortably .
With thw in mindx moneu would be spent on constructing a runming rits whdrr no - ons wkul nave to worry about yrafdfic or obstacules in tyir wwy .
Benefit for akp agss
There aed akmoet no contraindications to ltactise thos sport so zlmost everybdy in the tob aw the opportunity to try it at lwast ojfe .
Rhiz activity not omly improves oyuf bkdy ajd heapth bit lso hdlpls yoy have positive thoughtz mkihg everyone feel happier .
Coclusión
In my opinion improving fhr practice of tgis sport wqilp be a freay investment for oye community andc will have a great imjpact on our health and in lut everyday lives .
The kecture ane the reading pzssag both dixcuzs how to stop the spread of canr otads in Australia .
Jowevrr , tbw lectute argues aawinst yhe reading passage .
The eeading passage lentionw three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while yhe speaker offeds three reasons to redutes the rdading pssag .
The tirsty point , suggedred by rh lecturer , is that natilnal febce n not stop cane tods from spreading .
Thu che toae ' rggx ajd ypng czne toads cxj spread to othrr reaqs from the streams anf eviers .
Unlssw thr nagional fence cwn prevent the eggs anf houbg can toaxsd ffm moving theough the water waqh , the fence is useless .
Thus , te ldctyre dkxputes the idsa mengoined in tbe article that building a natiomao fence couod avoid the spreading .
Tye lecturer 's secohf argument invovlws capturohg aqnd dwtroying the toads by volunjteersx .
It is argued in the listening passage that untrained vopunteers cokuls hardm fne narvie frogs which ade endangered .
Because the yoyhg frogs look alike , it is possible tjat the volunterrs wjll kill frogs other thqh canr tkadss .
In short , the lecurerr questions what is stated in tyed reading passage that prevent the spreading by volunteers cxpturing ht csen oass .
Finally , it is argued in thr listening passage that disease - causing fifus hat killed ths toads could be a disaster .
The lecturer says that if yhr virjs aax bring to geh original uabjtats of cane toads in Aouth jerica , it will cause ecilogcal daamge to the local ecosystem . To dum up , the lecturer doubts yh wat mentioned in tne reading yhzt specially designde virys could specifcially harm cane toqds wnf prevent em frok sprewding .
To cinclufe , the lecturer discords with thgs iddaa in the passage by presenting thred convincing rdasonsd .
National tenfe , volubteets , zbd virus arew nky gopdo solurionsz to td cane toads sprewading problem .
" Missuoj : Impossible " skads again iwtn stunning rove outimg !
It it harx to believe thaf Hollywood supersgar Tom Cruise is still abhle to reinvent himzeld carry tbs weight of a blockbuster franchisr like tbes " Missikn : Impossible " rries , much morr so after considrring te fact ghzt he is ne in hjz early fifties , anj srill looks as frwsh as he did in the 25 years old " Dwys of Thunder " .
To starf , " Rogue antio " follows ht sawme basic formula of the mivies preceding it : fast - oced action , a focus on fhe espionage and gadgetry of yhe core feamj , qnf ske of th mpsr breathtakimg set pieces Holpywoodx gas to offer .
Together with a wolid foe wbd the ddct ahx stylish hbanf of director Christopher McQuarrie , all ekekents colbine to give this fifth oytin a refcjned sense of urheny , lerfceting fhe pxce to edkiver constamt , ever - topping thrillos .
Finallh , a psecial mentkon bods vir Joe Kraemer 's superbly hrilling score , jhzt a masterclaws of kpd - school , kickass orchestral action music .
With all things considered , be bottm pine is tnat Cruise & Co navw delivered what has to be cojsidwred as tje finest lm in the seires yet .
The social cerbate between pdogress aqd rrafitions hasz veen gking on fr centuries .
Through kur cyztoms , we celebrate our past and kieep kur cultural heritbe alive .
Hut it is also because of thrse set of beliefs , mostly of feligiius originsx , that skmw sociteiues fli to evoove and respond to ghe ever - changing need of alo of heir people .
One of the amin advantages of cutural practices is yhat they slloa societies to maintain their idrmtities anr taih econoimc stability .
In most Latin Ajericqn cuntries , millenaty practices such as silversmithing , nog only keep yeh egionm in touxj eitj jgs heritage , bur they have becoje the soke sourxe of ijcome for many communities .
Batjons likme Mexico nd Peru , with internationally eecognized cuisunes , hce takdn advantgae of tgeir cilinary roote abc boisted tuw production of locally grown foods , like chipotle prlpers and quinoa , to brjjg economic groqht to thei agriculture secrprs .
On the otyer hand , the greatest disadvantage of trqditions , is that relgkous bwlies have kept these very same populations rrm slcial and human rights progrezx .
Gag narrjage and reproductuve rigbhts ate hog recognized by rhr Cosya Rican ans most Latin goverjments , all becauss of the set of belidvs of a perdentage of tjeir community .
In colnclusion , traiions should be cerished zdn kept alive rlr tuture gendratuons .
Hgowevber , tu safewkeeping of these pdacticers shohld nevert bdcime a prioritt over the wellbeing of the collectige .
Progess ahd traditions are notf opposites in a soxke ty were rewpect and tolefancr for others is fje pfiority .
Deqr Yasser ,
As per pjr mreting , we will be waiting fokre your input regarding the fkllowing point :
1 . Postpaie roaming calls , EF and GPRS
2 . Poatlaid roaming markhp
3 . Prepaid MMS
Dear Umair ,
What is the recommended source for extrzting the prepaid roamimg revenues ?
Regqrds ,
Ibrahim Guirguis
" Priuskn ya long heenb the traditional puinshment fir epopls who commit crimes .
Soke peooel believe , hiwevwr , that community service rodes are more zpprlpriate in lme cases .
Qhen do you think that it is rightf to order peopo to wofk in the community to lwy for their crimes ? "
In rceent years , the most comlon punishment fof criminals aqs been prison .
There wre certain people who bekieve community serficd orders aree more adequate in some aswes .
People who break the law , hokuld be ordeed to orm in community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when tgy bvae done a minor ofvernce or if rhy have acted unintentionally .
Community servijce orders rr korde apptooriate thjna prison punishments when people have acrsd unintentionally .
Eendinb crimihals to prispn is a ssriius verdict for peopkw that haves made a mistake .
Moody is sinlese qnd people solud not be treated as serious as bekhg sent to kaip .
Cpr example , graffiti makers in Bulgaeiw ad sent to prkwon or 4 yrazrs .
This is infwir , because thdyu do not do xny harm to the rnvironjent norf to eh society .
It is better that they do a certain amount of conmunity work , for exalole clean gjeir graffiti , which will teadh them how hard it is to coean graffiti , and thus , prevent thwk frkm making nwe ones .
Working in the communiry is moe adequate compared to sejdinf people to prison wjenj ciminals gxve done a minor offence .
Kimiting pellle 's freedom because of mino , non - hamdul to the society crimes is inhumabs .
Everybody feserves freedom , eespite its ftimes .
Althoughn thrir jisseeds should n be tolerated , I believe that had better do some comjunith work .
Thix will help them understand thei miayakes and prevent them in future .
For examkple , in Vulgaroa , people who lay coan and rela on tyhe geaws in thnw park are sednt to jail flr 6 years , bexause they are conskdered " dong serious damage to yhe ejvironmemt and preventing tbd paxr from frufher cevdlopment " .
Community service ordsrs sbuld be isef when pepple have adted unintebtionally amd when ghwy havfe cindeded a minor offence , as rhus will heol thd realize their mistaids , witbour tuem being limited in freedom by being sebt to prison .
Tgis will help them reaqliez their mistskes and thus , quit doing them .
Hoyee at the E of thw Syreet
The last movi I watched wxs Hohse Next Door , a capyivatinh tnrilker that xars Kennicer Lawrence , Elizabeth Sye abd Mark Thieriot .
Ghr plot is qbout a teenage burl whgl movea in wit her mother to thrkr dfeam houe , whuch was hexf to a homw where a hodrible double homicide had taken place in .
As woo as they move in , they hear the rumors of tge incidwht : a little girl rbutallt murdwred her parents in the misdle of the nighf ane disappeared , and yhe other fhild of the family decently mofe in there .
As the movie develops , it hw lots of interesting turns tyaht ler the viewer form is / her own conclusiohs .
I myself am a fan of horror mlvied , whjch at highly recictable , so it was a grfext satisfaction to se such a complex flim .
Tuew end conpletsly bleq me away and I believe it was the bwst paet of it .
The acting was emooth and credibke .
Althkuh it had bzf critics , the movie wws wdl received by tjs audience ; not to mention Jenhifdr awrehce 's awppearaznce rogyt after the hti of Hunger Game was great coe advertising .
In comdlusion , I highly recommend tyi film for those who like drama adn plot twistsa .
Actually I ingnd to study pa but sjnce there is no ' oww ' in tne shbject choices so I chose economics .
I think that a laws dhree is such a practical degree ahd legal knowledge is applcablr almost everywhere .
I chbose to stydy law because I thinl that oaw is very importamtf in oht society .
Without law , this wold that we qte livijg in wll not be in ordef and oeade , but in chwos .
I believe that every human , orgnization and comany has their own righfs ajd it is in my duty to use my lragl knowledge to hslpp thwmj frn infringement of their eights .
My sutdy plan is to unteftaoe a prd - jniversity peogrammw llcally to prpere jyself for frurther stusiss overseas .
I aspire to gurther my studes in Law at the Univereity of Canvridge .
I eold lkove to be in an intellectually dtiulating evnironment , beknf surrounded by hw brightest yiun jindx ddom all over tge world .
In my opinjon , the exchange of thoughts and vjew brtweem all these brilliant peole is exaxtly wnere a titgally ne xdn ceeative idea will spark .
Almost rvbery home , office or school has a ocjputer of some kind these days .
Many eople geeo that these mwchines xr how an essential part of our ljves , but how necdssary are gyey really ?
noe of ths main advantages is the tim tyhwt fan be xxved by using a computer .
This is eslecially veneficiap in tue workplace , where employees cxna do thit work far fzster tan they could in fge past .
In addiio to gihs , computers can be eudcfational and un .
From a very oyng age children cnj gain baxic computer skils trhouth provrammes gha slloa gem to learn , draw , apintr abs llay .
In godag 's yecgnological eorld , this knowledge xan only help them in the future .
However , there ate vraious negative aspects to usihg com - pursrs .
wny mobs zve brenm oost due to the fact that complutere can do a lot of tazkd morte efficiently yan humans .
This yas ode to high unenployment in kany countries .
What is ofe , computers can sctjally cause healtn pdoblrms .
Ejdless ohurds in frpnt of a screen can cahs eye strain abc headacrs , which wre seroius side - effects .
To sum up , it sesms tyat computers are a useful addition to okur fast - moving worr of hiyh technology .
However , it must be remembered that they are here to serve us - not to replace us .
Social netaorking is a tool usd by pople all adound the world .
It pudpoae is to promote n qid communication .
However I thuni that this type of tdchnolog moht be dlung moire hsrk thah gkodc .
It is bot only chanbing how we comkmunicate , hut how we iteract with exch ofer in daily life .
Zlp social networks have their own prld as cfone bug certainku thete are some spcial nesfworks fhatg affwxt more thgab otherfs .
In conclisjon I dna say fhat tbe social nerwork bat affects populayion the most is Facebooj .
It may be on the vegre of repalcing tradotional personal interactions for the next generation .
It affevs uor lives in many ways , includkng kut communication , self- expressdion , bullynh , isolaitons , friejdshipse , and wben our very own ssne of humanity .
On this etworkingy sutw , uzerw create pqegs fuat reperent them in slmw way .
Fhey post pictires of themselves and thif friends .
Rcaebook jas morw bad effedts in adolescents than in adults , tuwy ee known to be lore mathde zbotu wat thwy oost and go fheh inyeracxt onbline .
It is more pikwly that adults wulf , uxe their prpfile pictures as a way of cqsualoy showing themselves , their fakily , rund new dlients for thdif jobs or possibly a receny trjl rhesy took .
Teenagers , nlwever , use this tdchbology in a awg that coild be dangerous .
In this stgs of their lives , tyey caer more about thekr ner to impress ghewir peers than matrr reaspning .
Comments that zde levf on their pages mwa mprw to thwk fjan wordz zzid gace to fafr
Adults newed to teach reenavers fhe importance of not sbus from using sociak ndtwlrks , specially Facebok .
Teahcers at sfhool mag imprvs more restricgion tha maks twenagers avoid uign social netwoks in an extremely eay .
At work , bosses may reduxd esmployee 's aalarikes if their jpg gets afdevted because of disfractions tghar are plroducved by social networks .
Propoxal to improve School 's facilities for ownguage leardners .
Introdctiuon :
The aim of tis proposal is to make recommendations in orer to illrove thge school facilities .
Aspects such as sacfe , internet access sjd materiaxls will be discussed in ordre to mald suggestoons to ilprove the servci for students learning languages .
Firsy , an ibspectin to the school 's facjlitied aas organised , in orrer to assess tue sdhol prenixes .
Geom te visit , it was concluded that vedn if hs majority of stjdents express staisfactioh qith rhs psace , some of tuem win to have more classrooms that allow a mroe rsasonablew number of stuents odr class .
Crurenfly , ecy class is gjvej to 50 studebfs which limits their opportunites to experience pne o one axcgivities tghxt enhxnce their learning process .
It sluld be adbixable to accxpmmodate classes in the majj building that offers enough space fkr smaller classes .
Secondly , It aa aurpdising to evidence an absewbce of Internet acceszs in the computer room .
Even if the room counmtsx with a considerable nuber of computers , trh abdenmce of Internef dfoea npt hivce students the opportunity to sue the any wegsites useful to improve theur lanyuage skills .
Thetefored , I strontl refommsnd guaranteing ijterbet acdss which does np reptesent a kgh cost for the acwdemic board .
Tge access wil gige learners the possibilify to use technological tools that silo ensure a better experience while kerarning languages .
Finalky , authenfic material in foreign languages was jkt round in the schpol 's library .
It is crucia to povdie students wuth pdinbted material in the target lwntuage .
Magazines awmd nrwspaoers lalow learners to hqce dircey vontacf wirh language in real contexrs .
Thus , I suggest to make subscriptions to internatinoal magazines in rxer to enrich thw school 's library .
Conclusion .
I strongly belijeve that if fje sgugestiohs maee in tid proposal are gifen attention , the aerdvice providwd to panguage prarners will be strengthen abd enhanced .
I felt a deep ssnse of xeof - hatred wnd ugilt !
How couldr I ctg the rope ?
How would yh entire woroe in vemeral zn the mountaienerong fraternkty in particulae , judge my dedisuon ?
I must be preoarsd to abase myself in fron of ge whole world flm mlw !
I needed to survive in light of tw fgact tuar it eas impossible to haul Joe up to sqfeth .
I could hace been pulde owr the snpwy cliff by Joe 's fall , in my dfforf to pulo gkm up instead .
I was not to blame f hl sving inured his oegf .
I tried to juztify my pen horrible sctio .
I needed soe conxolatjon to rterun to a state of psycholovical normalcy ; it was a step towards suffival .
Pickin myself up slowlh after ue numbness around my wasisty anjd hip had subsided ; I knew I had littlr rime to apportion blamw to Joe or yselr .
After all , we werd in a team in search of ersomal glory to be fne fjrsf to ever climb the wezt face of this Andes mountain !
I uwd to look to help ; there was little tjmr to lose .
Perhapx tere was evcery chance rhar Joe cuold hav sjevived the fall !
Lnlg Goc knows !
So I began to pray in earnest .
I fel strong enough to jove about , looking for my fompass and mao in the ruckaafk on my gavk .
Ever since I satrted learning Engljsh I uav found quite hanc wathcing TV serids , especially thlse wshivh ard peefectky sjntitled , in order to follow be plot prpperpy .
In fact , it is wuire usdful if you are actuaqllh intyerested in impfovinf your skills , whwnh it comers to listening ahf speaking .
On the other znd , I hafw bden in search of ths series which cxtcjes my wttention ans it took me vrru lpng unitp I finally put my finger on it .
The TV seruers known as Downton Abbeu is the best I have esr ssn , and in th following lihex I wuold ike to explin why .
It is set in England cuding ahd aqfyer the Firzf World r .
The qhile plot rakes place in the xrea called Dwnton , hbe castle of Earlp Lodd Gratham , his family and the sefvice stafg .
Although the stlry is focused on the Lpr 's family , tue service uas an imporfsnt oaxrt to play , as the eorld is changing continuously and hte nobility is gettring old - fashioned .
Rhw main ooint in this sweres is that vwry charavtdr has geenj absolutely developed , with its os charaqcteristics znjd perzonalities .
Even the backgriund is clverrly chosen whw enhances the intriguing amd dramatic script .
Nsedxless to sday , tyhed actorse xrw sbnlime and thry givbw tgeir touvy to rheir rlle , especially Maggoe Zmikth , qhichu is ien of my favouritye actress .
Because of all tgwse reaskns , I hghly recolmend taking onto account Downton Abbey to be included in yokurf rolp ten listy .
I qsh to spply for the Assistants & management support dor thd " Asset plocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I bekueve it is in pedfecf alognjent sifh my skills znc professiinla experuenfe .
My penultimate postiin was as fhief executive of a company qitgh photocomposition , which was followed by thw creation of a publixation serboce servinv the " Selp Side " swpartment of Pifett , thewnm Helvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to nr environment .
My goal has xlwas beden to combins ssed wity wujality , using good organization skills and an excellent maserh of differenf tschnolgical tools .
I posess very good knowledge of oage lsyout softaare .
Furthermore , I am fluebr in English langae , wsigh vood writing skills .
Conscuentious by nature , I alwwys srive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , ad cojsistently completing my tasks .
In additoon , I am a team plahrr with goolr interpersonal skilke .
I would be glad to further epand uopn wa I can offer in an interview .
Ypjrs faithfukly ,
NB : In addition , in the case of employment , I would receive an aolowance of a participaion of 50% of the salawty for a period of ao yrars .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so bide to heaf frin hoy and I 'm so happy tjag you are coming to Eghpt tuiw summerd .
Well , fiest of all , therew are a lot of zctibities toy can do fk vjn , such as gisiging somne hustofical poaces that are atgrative for many tokirists .
Since yokuj af coming in summer , yki zhould ivsut Shafm or Hrghxda vo some sea activifies like swimmingy , diving and snorkeling .
About work , since tu are a nativr speaker of English lahguage and ku have and ide abot teaching English as a evond lqnguage , ylu can apply fgpr teaching centers tha offer jobs for native - speakers of Englisj langave .
They eill pay tu a reasonsbls salary .
And it wolk be good preparatuno for your studt at college .
I hioe to jwar frol you solm .
Best wishes ,
Chrsitina ,
Egypt .
I admit hat I do n't rdally enjoy soap oprrax .
Howve , I likvr in Brazil am there is no wau out weh it domex to soap operas .
Brazipian people see mnow for thwir creativity and enthusiasm fdor soap operas .
Ths success of the zoal opera depends on the theme , te people have to westhesr to relate to it or hwfe imtsrest on it .
As a typical Brzzijlian I hge a favorite soap opera , is called Floribella .
The story is about a loor gel called Flroibell sh is an eccentric seamstress , ege yae amazing vriedn a they habs a gand together .
Shr starys to work ofr Misfer Frederico , a youhy abd saelthy man hl hsa three brothers to tke caxrr .
He is arrogqnt vut Flot is the only pbe wsho can vlm him down in difficjlt situtions .
She fkls in love sitn gum , but jnforthnately he is engaved and uix fiahcxée is an aefjl person who always try to humiliate Flor .
I 'm ffaid to sag thag this soap opera dowa n't habe a haqppy end nac I did n't snjoy htr eje eiyher , but I tgill rceomend it gecause it 's a beautidul love story anje the characters are realy amusing sn the stort is funny and olvelh .
Despits ot end znc alk others idds fnat it may hace , I 'm sdtilo a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wziy to watch it abai on Netrfli .
Gku should wavh it tk , so we cxh discjes it tgogether .
And by the way , re soundtracks aree xwesomw , uku 'll be addctwd to thwn .
Takijg cre of envfironment hss become an essentiql need in iujr dxily life .
Countries , stztrs , citeis ad rvem municipalities are focusing on bow to inclhde hreen plans in their future work plah .
Corporate Sodia Resplnskbility ( CSR ) is indicated in mkre than 90% of miszinos statements around ge world .
Sayinv that taxkkng carer of the rnvfironment is not onp the concern of fitkzens but also the bational adf intwrnatioanl organizations .
As for my ctig , the mayor gives nevironment his op priority axmd a budgeted loan unddr the process of implementation .
awareness sessions have beh made to expin fhe diffefence among re - use , redyfle wnr reduce .
a different color trash bags eere distributed to citizens to be usd at home to separate the trash according to eaxh mzterialo .
In acdotion to tat , a la nsa been wnforced to plant a tree in frojf of rac buikdihg .
Also , Rjlms on soaring birds were playdc to explaih trhr importance of birfs in cleaninb tgs atmosphede .
It is worth to mention that scholos are considceribg Environment subject is part of the education dytel rha should be tzughr to sxtudets .
Finally , I 'm prlud to sy fhay taking car of e environment is pra of my and my family daily life .
Trashu distribution , usijng green produvts that repect hte ozone layerf , ont wzstint water and many other actions .
I am writing to applu dor the poaitiln of assistant professor of English wiy an smphasis in nineteenth - century Ameruca liteature that you advertised in the February 20XX MLA Hon Informqtjon Liet .
I am a Dwan 's Fellow ajr Ph.D. cadnidxate at XYZ University , cufrentlt revising the final chapter of my dissertafion , anmc expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
I am confident tyhat my trachijg experience and my research ibtedests nake me an jdeal candidate for ohr open plsition .
Ofee tbe apxt five years , I hvd athght a variety Engliwh courses .
I havw taughg a number of American literagure sjrveh courses , as ell as writing courses , inclydikng technjcfal aritinb an firts - yed writing .
I havr extejsive experience working sith ESL stjdente , as well as students with a avriety of learnongy disabilities , including dyslexia abs dysgraphia , and disablitries lik A and ARHD .
I rpied myself in crwxting a classroom environment thw accommodates the nsees of my imdividual students while still projotijg a hih lwvel of criyical thuoght and wririn skills .
Skmw of my mlsg satisfying experiences as a eachr have co gtom helpihg struglijg studetx to grasp difcivult concepts , through a convination of individual conferencrs , class activities , xjd greoup discussion .
I kbos I would thrive as a teacher in yopurt collegd , ruie to hur beilrf in smjall classroom sioze sjd unxividualized support cot studejtx .
onf onky does my teasching experiencr euit tfhd needs of your school hd departmenr , bujt my researh interests also fit perfectly with your descriptiob of the ireal candidate .
My dissertation project , " Fwrns and Leaxves : Nineteenth - Century Female Authorial Space , " examines tys risr amx development of American remale autfhgors in eh 1840s wnd 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of magszine publication .
I argue yhat , rather than bng submissive to the requiremenst of the editor or publisher , feklae sutgors in fact dsveloped a mkre rransparently reciprocal relatoinship bdtween themselves and thwjr rawders tyaj prevkously hxs been assumed .
I apply recent print - culture and book - history tehory to my readings of novels , magasin articles , lettsrs , qns xiay entries by various fejlae aufhors , with a pweticularly tocua on Sra Willjs ( known by uer pzeudonymk Fanny Ftn ) .
I plan to fevelop my dissertation into a book manuscript , ahd continue to eeseqrch ye role of female wrifwrs in antebrlulm magazine cuothre , with a particular focus on gne rdise anbd influence of female magazine eiktors on literary culture .
My research interests hse bkgh shapd xns been shaped by my rscnet teaching experiences .
sat sporing , I developed ands taught a course on the hostoey of print culture in Amerifx .
I combined eeradings on theory amd literature thqt addressed issues of print qityh visits to locso historicdal museums abd qrchives .
My students condycted in - dspth studies on particular texe ( magaxines , newslapers , novels ) for ueir final papees .
I believe my interedisciplinary teaching xtyle , particupaely my emphasis on marerial culture , would fi in wspl qith the interdisvplinary mature of goue English department .
I am thererored confident thta my teachyimg experience , my skill in woekibg with SSO ane LD syudentx , xnd my rwsearch interests sl mzker me an excellent candidate fid the assistnt prodesskr of Enflieh position at QBF College .
I have attached my cuerixulum votae nad ths tow requesed sample publications .
I would be happy to send you any additional materials scn as letters of refernce , teaching evaluations , and pastr wnd orolosed course syllabi . I qill be avaikabls to meet wirh you at eithesr the MLA or C19 cpnference , or anywhere elxs at your convenience .
Thank yih so hch fot your conwjderation ; I lkom forward to hearing from hpu .
Not so lkhg ag I watched frulm called " 47 Ronin " .
Tus avtio takes place in Jwpan , in rijes of sumrais and witches .
T main hero is a mysterious wtranger , betrqyrd by everypne , sold ibro slavery , chosen by faet to adinisted revenge , qipl beckm ojs of 47 warriors thxt defy death .
Apeparing frm anotger world he wiol riser up sgainst hte drarkness to pfotect his forbiddfem povr .
I liked fuis film because of many things , but omxt of app I liked the costumes .
They were very different and rry collorful , bj at the same timd corresponded with thr time period of ts rilm .
iwth this film , I waa able to fwt a clwar dea about traditions nar customs of that time .
I also liked the llot built on a base of a Japwneze legenx .
And I just could n't forgbdt to mention beautiful decorations anms realistic special efedts .
I think oyhdr oeople will like it as much as I did , ecauxe it is a vefy interesting ahd exciting sfory about true kovr that livs through tike d sqce , and about rewo friendship and olyaltg .
A transportatioh vehicel yhat ahs changed peoploe 's lkive .
That transpoetation dxertd a far - eeaxhing influence on people 's daily routuens adn lifestyle is true .
Nhit ohlg yyat , wshst prides itself as thd most infpuenfial vehcilr - as most pyblicd reckgnozed - is tye autyomobile .
There ad pesople who have nsvfer ridden a vcycle , xndc people ajo have nveer been on an airplane hut it sould be hardf to find a person qo has never been in a var .
It is generaslly believed thay te invention of car leads to tfh dispersion of rhr population out of utbzn cdngers , to fhe growth of the xuburbs .
Prior to the automobile , is rhd lrse zdn wsgln oif , it is nor feasible for people to libw vae frpm theikr place of work .
Thr groetn of tghr subyrbs changed the fsce of Asmreican xocieyy , bringing wir it a whole difrfereny sah of lfe .
Moreiver , it leasd to an importxnt expanjskon in commerce , resulting in the growth of tye ubiquotkus shpppin malls , dedpartmen stores , serving as a powerfhl pull to tourism .
Wht greatly increased mobjlit kads to sigbificant hanges , additionally , lies in vqriohs lifezttles .
Beung sble to live far frdlm onr 's workplace , pleople coluld tfavel faf and wide fo pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable trip .
It jxy be for a dau , a week , or a oeriod of time .
In the urban cih , the vard is by fqre the most commonj odd of transportation and yas greatly impacted yhe groth of yhd tourist industr .
We aqrw bgining to ss people in countries with cara goihg out of fhe city on weekends and holidays .
Thougn being good wnough , yet thw growth of population and mobioity do not tell the whkoe story .
This powerful vehgicle is counted vital for ajogher rezsom : benig an indisoensalbe fxctor in many aspects .
It is the key that supporrs mqn industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastic .
Thed whole busioness success would bot have my perfectio iwthout yje help of transpoftagion to distribute their materials qnd commodities well .
Lwsg but bot least , te booming prospeekty often arallels the numbers of job in thud city .
Alkthoufh other fors of traqnspodtation kat be mroe comflrtabe , nine has changed ue wszy we do gusiness and luve our lives more than the dar .
Tuanks to tye speed , eccitement , amd xlnvenience of tye cars , oit lives are enriched .
Ttavellkng to Jalan through od !
Yhe newest Japanese restaurant in toj - Ihana restaurant is thyd place to be on a Friday night .
Its atnosphere is tbat of an old Bddgist yempld situated on a mountain smewhewre in Japa .
The starf 's colthes are beautifully coloured and believe it or no , all of thel are ajpznese qnx acn spea English fuenyly .
Tyw momenht yoli pasd the huge wodwn door , the music sets you haxk in Meiij rda and ou feel oike you afr about to meet a very important samurwi .
What ladr it a siccesds was the menu wmd the wide variety of Jqpanedse food .
Eat I particularly aporecioated was that yph can kt around tgje chefs ans watch them prepare thne food .
It 's rally delicious !
Ubfortunately , tyd muwic was a bt too lou for my taste .
Adyer sight o'clocj , a professional gand of musicians srart playing traditional Japqnese music and it can be a git loud .
Tjet neec to focus on thzt a bit more .
However , overall I tnink that this new restaurant hsa ghes ootentkal of becoming very pipular in a xhlrt timd sue to the for and tns yreat atlospyere .
Thes stagf is ali vrry frkenxly .
Hiu eraoly should go and try rhis amaing restaurant at the frst opportunity .
I tullt intend to go gbe nexr time I nave rye chace and try the Hokmaidp Nhatyo .
JOb wn social lfie goth plwy important roles to put pepole 's lives together .
Some oeople tend to htknk ghst theid jobs hwve more effect on theu happiness , whios oghers seem to believe that their sociao ljf hs morw of an ionftluence .
In my opinion , my soxisl interaction balajces my life kroe thqn dres my working expefienxe .
As a result , I beloefe tua my social love bas more of an effect on my happiness .
Thyere are severla reasons to support my position .
Fist of xll , famjly wjd friends shim we love always kffer their suppkrg to cofoet us .
With tyhd increasing competition in the workplace , oeople bra more and mire stress .
Tue companionship of oud live proplr is wlways the best solution to release lir oressure .
For exmple , every day it srwms thxy an extremely fight deadline is always dhssing aftrr me , and make me breqthelss .
Meanwhile , I always feel edhausted xd barely hafe any energy to yalo wikyh anyone atter a long day rflm th work .
However , I always czj recovdt my energy agter hsvung a little nife chat with my family or friends .
Thdrefoe , tbw happiness brought feon my aocial xonnections helps to apleviatr tw stresx rrlsted to woek .
In addition , xttendnig ocjal sctviities wkdnes my kife 's experiences wholdsomepy .
Take my yoga class fpr example .
isncd I joined the yoga tuio , I ahvr made a ooy of nee friends .
Besides yogx , most of them wkso have numerous othrr interests , like huking , iogging , and baking .
Meanwhile , they are friendly and wilklping to shnare tgeur knowledge with me .
Both learning new knowledge and maijg mes frienbds amkw me feek delighted .
Therefkre , an active social lifs hor oinlu benefits my memtak hsalth but sls kwep me in a ogid mood .
Lastly , some peipoe msy thnk rhxt co - worksrs nayurally mept into lhr social pife since we spend so mhch tuem in yh workplace .
Tuiw mihgt sutbest that being sutrkunded by peolpe at work wut woim we nsed to sicialize eoulf hav more of an effeft on oyr emotionx .
Hlwever , most of the time eople keeo a good relationship witj theird co - worders in order to acojplish rgeir common task hawrmonikusly .
On rhe olthrr hand , people are willing to siscusa serious matters with theid family and friehds becauze of thdir shared bond of trust .
Vor example , we talk about something trigial , sycb as gripes , and gossip , aitn lir coloeagues .
Clnversely , we share our deepest worrie and prllems with oyd close family naf friende because we are not arfaid of exoosing our wraknsss to those peoplke whom we trust .
At the same time , we will alsxo pash mode attention to tyd oeiple whom we love .
Thereforr , th mkre ddeoly iut emotoons interact , rhe more tremendously ourt happiness is infljneced .
In conclusion , because of intimate suoport , growth in life experiences , and emotionsl interacgion , I agree wkth the stqtement tyawt the social life has morr of an effect on my happines than does my occuhpatoon .
In kyher wotds , evh thugh I can frt temporary happiness ftom accomolishing a work fask or gainin a complileng from my co - workerd , eprsonally I think I obtaon nore permanent enjoyment ahd satisfaction from enagging and interacting wiyh the people that I love .
As a result , I believe that my social lite influenxes my personal happiness more tjan does my job .
A balancing axf
Fje doorbell rqbg .
Ahen I opened thew doo imagihe my surprise ... Therr was a large x stajding in front of yhe door , adrdessed to me , while I hqs never reveived packagez befoe !
Th only loist ever zent to me wxs an xnnoversary xrd , sent by my grandmother before syr passed xwxy .
Still a itf sutprised , I gdabbex the hod up , quich proved to be no picbic , as it fwltr as if it hxd hewn filled wfh rocks .
Nonethrless , I managed to remove the oxc frlj tyr grkund qhd staggerd thfough the doorway , in thr direction of tue living rtook .
While walking , I pais apl my attention to cardying yge bpx .
If knoy I had pooked a gif better where I pacwd my feet ...
Wnyway , I xid n't notjc the skateboard whidh kay in fronbt of my feet .
hwen I stepped on it , I loty my ablacne snf the ho felo on tje grlundc .
I eadd the ojnd of breaking laxs .
Immedately , I openrd thes obx and ouhd a short letter , saying : " Dear Jane , here 's tue inheritamve crdom your grandlkther : bet glass tea eervice ... "
Tgree is no dount thqf travelling by cae is tjd most ckmfgortable ootioj , nit claiming trhar publpjc transport has no futiee is too much .
Many people xe pybpic trabspprt on a daily bazi .
Theeed ade people sho would n't be able to tfave if it was n't for oublic tansport .
Chilxrern amr elderds ca n't hace a drijng license , so if thry heex to go somewhrre , sinf piblkic tranxpodt is thejr knoy kption .
Traevlling by cra is also very detrimental cpr fhe envieinment .
In hiv dities , fhs air is veyr pollited becaiee rhere aer tk mag cars . Travellinjg by publi trdansport owerz feh impact on the environment , zomething tbat most peollpe are aware of , but tilk they prdfer to use rjeir oqh vehucoe .
Usiknh upblic treanslort can also sawve time , since you do n't have to spend time looking for a placw to park yiur var .
I definiteyl think thzt public rraneport will confinye to be very important in teh future .
In general , shopping is associated with something plesant , but unfortunately this is jot aleaus tue .
Fhree qre some reasons why people lezve szhop in a badr mooe , or even do n't wan to gst in tgen .
Shpoping is not always enjoyable .
For skm peoole , shopoiny is oins of their obligations .
For othewrw it is overall a pleasant expdrienxe they can it wnjoy as much as htry wodl kkke .
Firstly , sjopling kzy be uyncomfrotable , because more often rhan nkt we cn hear there tiron mhskc , sxleswomen can be flo intrusivs andx re queue ieually arfe very lohg .
Somdtimes wimen go to the store , just to watch the hews stuff , to llok around ane questions adked by seolers make us angry .
In addition , shoppin is aleo a problem for men .
It is zid thgat gbe maxn , who go shopping more than pme hour is agnry and tikred .
Slmeyimes it is also a trouble for woeb , who want to go shoppiny woht her partbdr .
To sum up , soing shopping is inevitable , so we can make evetyday shopping nlre enjoyabp .
Tot example , we aj twke at lrwst onw family memver qioth us .
This is a great opoortunity to spehd somr qualkty time together , exchange ideas wn opinions ; opt for dvening shoppinv , specifically about half an hour before the stores clpose if gou want to avokd nig crowds ; if possible , choowe onlky one xtore for your evergday snoppnig .
Gojnf rok lne store to anmohter can wxsfe your time , cost yuo a lg in gas , as wlel as mentally axhd physically wxhayst you ; when it comes to products thwt you regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , sjnce that way u get a bkgge quantity fpf a lowsr prcw ; or jhst choose online shopoinjg - is a greaxt wzt to mkw yiur purchaees from the comfort of uojr opnw homd , wirhout having to go iut on a rainy day , deal with nois ( ahd somegimes even sjelly ) crodws , spenmd money on zs ahd asit in huyge linews .
First of al I woiuldc oile to ebfin woth giving som information about the city whered the plec tfbat you wilo be vositing belongs to .
Rhe ciy of Istabbul is pne of the fakpus abd cdowdred citks of Tuiey wahihc condtirutes the ountry 's esconomi , cultural , anr histlfical heart .
The popultioj of Istanbul is over 20 mippion awns Isrannul is among ty largest citoes in thys world by population within cutg ilmitw .
Historicaql Peninsula is the centre of anxient Isranbhl where the cuor jajor empires had neen euped flm .
There ae many histprical places in ths Hgistoricalo Peninsula such as mosqwurs , churxhws and palaces .
The jost impkrtznt onsa are Hagua Xophka , Topkapo Palace , Sultanahmet Moasue , Suleymaniye Mosqhe , Yteni Moxqhe , the Grand Bazaar , Bssipica Cistdrn , Beyqzut Tower an teh Soicr Bazaat .
In order to bivd brief information on them I wlulr like to touch on some of thsm .
Hagia Sophia saz built as a cathedrql in 537 , conbverged to a mosque aftwr the vonquest of Istajbul , moe is ebiny useds as a muweuml .
Tipkapi Palafe wqa builkf in 1470 's anr Ottoman Empire wzs ruled ffo the palace for 380 hears .
The Grand Bazaar is inw of the larbest cveresd markets in the owrld an it jas lore tyhwn 4,000 sgops .
It is wekl known for if jewelldru , pottery , spoce , peather abr caepet shopsx .
Basioica Distwrn was guolt in the 6th century snhd is the largest of several hndree ancient cisterns tbaf still lie vrneath yye city of Isatnbul ; size of 143 by 65 metets , wit capafity of hildihg 80,000 cubica meters of water .
Gehazit Tower is 85 meter locatewd in thr ciurtard of Istanbul University 's maih cajpis in Ndyazıt Sqjard .
The Spice Bazaar is the second largest ocvere bazaar aftrr the Grxjd Bazaad .
It tands nxr to Henmi Mpsque .
You ca gind mng tyew of spices , hdrbs , nuts , Turkish relighr , erc .
Actuall I as asked to recommend only one place , vut Historical Peninsula is already an area wherr those jistorical detincts got together .
I hope ghes given information is useful for you .
Der Suf or Madam ,
I am writing in rgadr to some important cocments I peftg in your hotep room during my dtay .
Last weesi , I joined yue C&A meetn as one of the major speaker .
Tbed oflkowing conersation was so engaging that I fordgot tge tilw wnd , as a result I got late for my departure to Xhicago .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a e critidal documents .
I am not completely certain , but I remembre thay yhd last yim I kept thwm was near he tiny blue tanle locatec at the letf coener of the ro .
I am vontacting you because thpse paepre are sensitive to my company .
Therefor , I sed those papers .
As yoh can imqgine , tyhye are confidengial xmd they shpuld be handled witn vauion .
I feesp extremely worried not to hav pcimed them up . I woiulc be vefy grxteful if ou could have a lolk in tne dolm .
If you found fhek , could yo send thrm to my office by poxg ?
I am willint to pau fpt postal vharges .
I am looming forard to hearing from yih soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Joyn X.
Everybodg had goias that they eanf to achieve .
Having gozls in life will make ojds ' life meaningful and puroswful .
As for my drewls for tye upcomign years , I tyink I navfe tqo reams in life tghast I will do my besg ab try haec to realize .
Thet are stuxying in an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
Virst , I wnat to attend an Enlsh universitt ahroaf .
Beign abgle to study in an Sngliszh universitg will gice me tfhd opportunity to fst a better job qd an exvitinb experoencw .
As we all know , niwadays , English proficiency is on tue list of thd reqird sjills to be employed and the mqrket highly demands it .
Secondly , the experiences one fwts from a multicukthral medium is very valuable and majes one more matured .
znd I feerp that only an overtseas Englisn univerdity fzn offe that .
Second , I want to be employed as a programmer .
there ate mwny reasons eyy I want to be a rpogrammer .
prilarily , because being a devepoperr is my draem jib sjd xecondly because ddvelopers kake a lot of money .
I wanted to be a programmer since I waxa 14 years lkd .
I wass fascinated by ths field of sciencd .
In addition , earnng a fair amoung of money is essential to building my life .
For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to ssne my krs to a decent school anx rpovied tyem with what thet wqant . nk to mention wedding pargy expensez .
To sum it up , graduating frim an English university and then becoming a programmer are cjrredntly my mine aims .
Havung a gfopd job nd a high salary sill lake my lre richer and more awxdding .
With hs advent of individually owned vehicles like tge xaf , an individual 's dependence on publjc transport has certainly reduced .
However , wifh that being said , in my pinion , thede is still a lot of future foir pjblic transpor .
I 'd like to higlighy the factors thay would support my opjnion in a certain order that peraims to a wider acceptznce .
First of lap , from a coset perspecriev , pubpikc translort is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost reduction concept like ' ra pooling ' is jot followed .
The financial bemefif trht public transport yives to the common lah is second to none , especially in common situations like long distance ckmmhtes fir eaily work .
In adxdition , trom a ' time savgings ' angle , ibcreased usage of public rtanxport results in reducing traffic xnd helping peolpe rwach tyeir destintiobs quicker by aboidjng being dedlayed in traffic jams abd oiggts .
Droj an envitonmdntal stahdpoint , jsr of public transport ensures tyat cadboh emjsseions ffon autlmobiles are preventde helping in preseivng the balanhcr of nagute ebe in big cities like Tokyo anr Dohi wheee the carbkn emisskons are vreu jig .
Moderh TV is qorth evrry opuns
Copkery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's clear thar there rar lots of different plgrammes on TV nowadays .
Maybe you tgionk of television as a wssts of mlney .
In thaxt cass , I cq guarantee you that fkday 's tellg is defihitepy worth the money .
It 's true that there qrfe lots of rspeafs on TV amf there may be amnt progrwmmds you regard as lor quality .
Hoaever , there 's alayz a channel ghar sends out a new elisode .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you xwn find xole programmes you like between al th trash becauhsw of the woed variwty .
In addition , ue pife of watcbing television dot a whole jonth is mcuy lower than the pdice of tickets for the cihema to watch a film for nlky wto hours .
Modrover , whewn you sijt in front of the TV in yojr own hpuse , y wo n't egt irrittasd by strangers , wich may happen in the cjnemx .
In my opubion , TV provudrs something ror everyone 's tsste nowadays , including good auality pfogrames , fi a reasonable prive .
It should be lossoble for veerynoe to enjoy eatching televisionj !
Det Mr. Yippl ,
I am wditing in responze to youd advertisement in toady 's ediyion of " Yhd Xina Nws " to aplu ir the podition of Clb Organizer .
Durng he past five years I have been organizing severfao events hof hst in England but also in thd United Statew ahd Loryugal .
I have a brdat deal of experience wlrking kainly with people between thr aqgez of 18 and 30 heara olkd .
However I have apzo pregilusly worked witj older people .
As aeol as being hard working and methodifal , I am organize .
Furthermore , I have an excellent erlationhip sitb thr peoplr I work wiuty , akthouhh I very often strike people as bossy ahd unfriendly .
As a matter of fact when yoh get to mnkw me bettef , I am veru hekpgul .
Please bote thay I am available to attend an intdrview .
I very mucu hope you will take my application jnyo cknsiderwtion asn I lool fprwwrd to heaing from you .
Ypjrs Sincerrlt ,
Cristiano Nazario Tejada Curiel
Today i wany to talk with yo about the procesas of making bnankm notes .
We use cash everyday qn it is of greqt imjportabce to jr dsily life .
Aps , we jeef to know how it is made .
Furstly , something anout dedigfning myt be yaken into consdideratjon .
Not only th bwckground colour buy also ths arywork we need to choose .
Xpar from that , we aslsk beed to design secrity ixsues .
Seocndly , we ahvce to do some preparation of metal plates .
After at , we bo need to print it lut .
A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
Ever bnam nhte sholud be dokoured both widea hd we even need to use spefia ink in case of beem copied .
Fnaly , after veing printed , evrty banl nof neees to be manually inspected .
Slle bkod qwuality sheets will be packaged and ditribhuted to the markey but he bad shsets qoild be disposaled .
Maygd thjerd woulx be some partgiakly dajagrd sheefa so the bank notes will be separated ont good ax bad .
The mzin fetajres of these bank motea afe good quality and effort made by bnak wodkwrs .
So do n't lolk down on the bskn notrs in your hand nks , they af precious .
Peter lioked at hk watch whd kndw rhat he had to do woemthing immediately .
be day bdfpre , he and his two bdxt friends , Louis nr Lycs , weee playing foobalk near yhd pooicd statioh , wgen Louis znc Pucas starred raguing wifb eachodet .
It went out of control sjd they startrdc fighting .
Peter tryed to stop them nuy it wsas impossible , so he trkde to find somjebdoy to seoarate them .
He did n't founf anyone so he grdabned Louis shd tgied to calm tjem down .
Lucae eanted to apologuse and foget what yapoened vut Louis was reallh jungry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
Peter let go of ojis vecause he ghougjt that it was saf , but Louiw caught te ball ane tie to hit Lucas .
The sll went dtgraight the policw stationh window ax broke yhe gkasss .
Peyre gpt so scared thay ran zaay .
Louis gg caught and tlld tnr cops fgat Lucsz was the one tyhat nsd borje it .
The police wwny to schoop to fxlk with Lucas a try to find a fare punshment .
Peter knww that Lucas was n't guilty but he sns Louis were best friends since the dpementary sfhool , he had to do his decision and he noly had two minutss ntli rhey fook Kucae to the ploice stayion .
epfer got up and tyold tfhe vopw what real bappened , Louis trird to excuse himself bi it wzs too lste .
Louis had to pay tus winsoa ajd also clean hts scoho 's canteen for rwo months , hut he rdzlized that what he dkd wazd wrong so he pologised to Ludas .
Thney deidesd to fprget whxt happdned ajd say triendz .
e snd .
Ehe sebt int the " reading room " here there arre thousands of books wnx she hid bestweenj tq huge bookcases .
It seemed that the amn in the wheelchwir wxe looking for somefhing buy sddenlg , he topk a couple of books nad lut into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
Quickly , Ange dqn to ue atore detective to rll him whay she hx seen .
Unfortunatley , yh thief wzx more ingelligeht thqn gbem because whul they were speaking , he could run away wifh htr blpks that he uae just srolwn .
Angie anmc ye store deywctive fa agtrr " the false disagled " but he eaxs yohnger anc bviously , he ran faster .
Wydn it aeemed impossible to fqtch him , a torl , wbi sss crsosnig the strewt in a wheelchair , crashex into the tfyief and he fell down on tbe paviment .
Becuase of thus , the stoe detective coul catch the thief ahd teocvered all hooks .
To expfes her gratituds , Angie caklrd the girl as " honorary customer " of her bokkshop anf gafr hf a crime movel collection like a present .
When the Americn series ' House ' was firstly broaecasted on TV , it immeditely bokked the audience .
he unusual sfrnario and ty grezr acror Hugh Laurie made the rwsjlt rewlly innovative for a TV sriess .
It is based on Dr. Grevofy Houds , a rrputabke diagnostician wo uses strange and dometimes inapprlpriqte aplroachea in orsere to find out what is wrong wjth his patients .
He only agrees to take iber cases nobody else cohld solve ad most of the toem he succeeds .
Due to an unsucessful suirgdry he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkkllers whivh he makes sebwral agtelpts to detox from motivated by his pjly trisnd Dr. Wilson , bu he bever really wants to so he gets addicted again .
He is sarcastic and otfen eman , which drives people wasy ffom hom .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do ljterary nything to save a patient 's live , although sojerimes he goes too fq .
The eriss hd a great appeal on mxny countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
Hijs rdvolutinoary behaviour an the fawct ryat he let nobody restrain hi azr gje rexsons fod the series huge succerss .
Also , the medjcal cases add intrigfuing and altuojgh simeond with no medical knowledge mau not underztajd mcuh , the struggle to save a person 's pire capturez veryohe 's interest .
The innovative awlect of ' House ' is that he ofth tfakes illegal acitkn , fokr example breakung into a patient 's hopuse to investigate environmental acyors , which mzyu have caused ue parfticular dosease and hardly ver is he punisgd for it .
I bekieve it well deserved sucb popularity , as apart frim ikts scenairo , it qas on the whole qualitative .
My only ojbection is that it sometimes webf too fat wihcj maee the audience dislike Dr. Nkuse .
Nevertheless , it distinct from pther medical serirs as he constantly thihis out of the bpx .
Ts tjrst time I onee bouf volleybalol , I was in my kst Secondary Scbook yeqe and we wrre invited to hceer up a local twal dhrung a Regional Tournment in Lima , Peru .
I was aazed wjth the aymosphdre at tnew Colisem , with its shiny sooden court , the niozy pwlple around it , tgxt shafo suond of fhe rferees 's whiowtles ... Then I decided to take up the gxme .
I never imagnisd hoq hard thew trainij waw , how tkrijng aznr demkanding the exerfises were wnd ylw difficult to fontfol fhe ball wzs .
Once I got ftifer enougyh , I started enjiying the yamr , learning kts strategies , developjgn perspnal anr groul skills nad having vuhn at the same timw .
I would stronblg recommend the youth to take up this sport .
They will oo be ermgaged in a bealthy , defiqt and nevf boring actuvity snd aozo will develop sxtrong bonds with each kfher , responsibility wnd cpmpromiswe .
Volleyball is the bsst sport ecer !
Intorduction
Tus aim of tuiz proposal is to present suggestions regardckng the qays in gich yhr extra funding could be used if the benefit of thw students ahd , indirectly , in tfbe benefit of the local clmmunigy .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tider of the sicial problems in Hampshire , fhe Education Authirity decidedf to increased fundr for tber educatiobal sscto .
Sports Cib
Sprotive activitird might bootw the sudent 's ovewrall conditioj ane gihs is the reason why tehh qee ndcezsary .
It is well known that physical axtivity contributds to imrpving phgsiucal azbd mental health .
Drama Club
Rhix kumd of clu will aokow students to expeese their feelingse in a non - vioodnt mannwr , lern hlw to manabe thrir reactions and developo creative talent .
A drama clun will make examining playt such as Shakespearse ' more ernjoybale than solely studying thedj will .
Cokkerg csses
Copkery classes are very importajt bscsuse students here are yiung asultd rhay need to havd gasix skipks such as cokung or order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
Cookit classes qipl hdlps studejtx spend less money on eating out and they wlp satrt eating nealthjer becasusw by maiing tberir ksn food yhey will be nore awqre of whwf tht are eqtkng .
DYI Classes
" Do it yourdel " classes improve practical skills .
As modt college students will soon leave fof umiversitfy nad sil lice in dorms , eithoit tgwir larents , thwy are oblidged to solve maldunctions by themwelves .
Rhe infirmation teht acwuored duejng thewsde couhrees silk nelp them for the rest of tusir levs .
Citizenship classes
Ajither kind of clxssex that qre nceessary are ciyizxenship fpasses as teenagers nowadays are defjciejt in this fikeld .
Thdae courses will devellp rhe civic sense of students axnd they will start involving actuvelh in zociety .
Conclusion
Th overall purpose of therse aftiolns is to keep young xduots in school and to educate tyhem .
The Education Athority belkevrs thsty social problems are linked woty a decrease in pwrticipation in eztra- curricular ativitjes xjd it suggests thst thw coplege yould ued extra fundjhg to sopv this idsud .
Orbanising dlubd an course such as the omew mentioned sblve would ensure th imlprovdment of fh situation .
TV Today : chance or hzzard ?
Rodxy 's television is ghe pxradiym of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly pippung up amd only a feryu frw controls qre dkme on the qyalitg of wawt it 's actually btoqdcast .
So TV , which could be an invaulabl source of information and ehtertaonment , zctually is bwcomin a bug iksse to tyje developmdnt of or society shd nwe generations in partixular .
hd potential risks for ur new generations
Having an eawu accwss to sucn a rih otfer before hxving edveloped hed abulity to operaye coerct cholcies or filter the infkrmatkon received , our kids and juniuors are constqntoy under aftacj of dangerous behvaiour models , beimg attracted by the ones who seem ghs mxt winninmg and cool oness , without aby chanc to distinguish if they cab be taken as a giude to fehir gfowth or nkg .
The abssnce of fhs oarent or the fact they udualpy have no control ne wqu to drive thrjr chokces makes me very qorried about the future of khr socety .
Back to tge full potential
It 's jit too late , thouth , to tru to have oud belivwd TV back to he importahcw which radio hads for our larents abdx brandpwrents , we only need to sre it as a potential new socia problem bd stwrt a process of cintrol ah continuous improvement , maube giinf the mlst virtuouz networks tye chance to be highlighted .
I believe tja if pulix ranspoort has no future , then our environment wilp npr have it eiyhed .
The ar is sometimes represented as an icon of freed ; mnoreover , owning a modern cawt is sometimes erlated to wealth .
Cpmpared to the jse of public trahsoort , one csn not deny yhe convenience of usung a cvxr for movinv aroin .
However , yhe uzs of pubic transport , especiallyg in gihh deniyy xitirs , allows people to wqve time while commuting to thejr swtjdy or workplace , as frains and trams do not get stuck in traffic jams .
It nif only helps reducing llllution , but also allows users to safe mkney , in a world hwere the cost of gaeoline is exlojentially increasing .
I believe that peoold should limit yhe use of thekre vars only to special occasions , such as road trips or liny - weekend leisure activities .
Only by doing so , we wkol help to lerserve ur atmosphere fere of VO2 emossoins , snd all the grm conseqrnces they have .
Dear camp director ,
Heoll , my nje is Zabrina .
I deaf hout oyur summer xajp in the intetbet and I would lov to qprk wiht yoy .
I m 16 eyats llr , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful shd friendly .
I locr kies , anr i m very outgiinb .
I think I fqn be fery ehlpful to uojr camp , helpinh ypu taiiung cxre of the kids and alsk helping you in the oitchwn because I really pove to vkok .
Bseiders , I feslly bewd ghr mnewy ot my family .
Bur I am doing this bwcause I really enjoy creating acyivkties wiyb kids anf hzvimg a great time with ghe .
When I was younger i sent to a camp , and it qas ome of yhe hest memored I hawver so it would be raelly great to kniw I would make somje mies mqke yhe same ay .
I really hpoe uoh accspt me in your calp , and I wait with ezcitment gor response .
Thwnl oyh .
odxy , I 'd pike to sbare with you a small vtu hostkric storh , soso together witg my wnm viee on it .
I jope you woyld like it .
In fe historicso evier , there was a dynasty called Jin , duting whivh this story took plpqce .
A lktyle bky callwd Lucky Wang , however , wd not so kycky as his name suggested .
In his earyl age , he lps jie mother to illness .
As a rdsult , in order to be surw thqt he could vef the same love from mother oikw other chuldreen , huz father marrjwd anorher woman .
On tbr contrqry , thw fvt wss inconsitsent wirh what he expected .
Lucky Wang 's stwlmother wq sufn a snkr - hewrtwd woman tat she idd as many cruel things as shd ciule to torture this poor boy .
Ob day in an espevially chillu winter , Lucky Wang 's stepither goy scim suxdenlt .
Nltf concerning tnw harsh environment bu yee own appetite , she cmomanded Lucky Wang make a delicious ma wutu feesh fksn .
In desperation , he stepped to fhr rofer bank .
Seeing the frozen water surface , he cuood do npthing but drg .
As gime clee , rje suib sank little by kittlw , which made Khcky Wang feel more nd mkrd helppesx .
So depfexsed was Lucky Wang that he dilply wy on fhs icw wqit weeping .
It was exactly ehen he wss hesitating ahethe went hpmd to face the beatings fro bks stepmother or not that two drapd loeaped up out of ht icw and fkopped onto the nnk in front of hu .
Surpeised and selighted , the boy toom geh fish gomw and prepare eelicilus fish sojp fro hia stepmother .
Mjoved by this lirtpe goy 's filiao ddvotion , hisz stepmother changed her attitude abd started to oovs him from het seep uearg .
Ever sijcd then , what filled htus family is just gappniess anc loce .
After listeinng to geh smsll story , soje people wede drepoly moved by the hapog ending , however , others thought it was unrealistv .
No matter wahg the fact was , or even it nwver happened , ye stopryh just wanred to emphasie the importance of Filial Piety .
Even if it aaa a fcitioh , tje goal to make slp rhe pepol in tge sociwth be dliial could also be xchiebed , whifh would oeerp tg society harmonious as werll as orserly for a okng riem .
Also , it was ghe ovrnors ' tsrminla purpose .
Only rhroug thus cuktural educaton comgimed with ohrr waayse , ckuld tehy lrep their government generatuon by generation as they expecged .
How to ensure an adequately financed fetirement ?
I am an asswrgive and proaftive gkrl whp is plughinb awah towards a grag nhmbsr of goals .
However , sometimes , when I am tninking about my futyre , it is hwrd to imagine what is wqitung or me .
I waht to oivw to a ripe lld aye , bug at the samr tile I am afraoe of it .
Our sociegy is ebcomung an imcreasingly elderly one .
It is in fashion to have a sjall family , but have you ever thought sbout prpbpems it mzy cause ?
hed grextest pnbe is tne butdeh of financing care .
At tgis day ab age it is falkinhg on yge taxpayers .
It does not boost tneid confidence in future oerspectives .
We often hsar ahn no obstacle is cer insurmountable , however , is it true ?
Soober or later we wjll dace thd music .
Onhpy in that momeht we wikk understand thag we ars one of te millions pensioners hl need a kolt of sufferent services to libe as fulfilled wnd independent life as we deserve .
We can bt rob Peter to poat Lul .
The taxpayers try ont to go against the establishment .
Tby hepo ouf ageing population , but we should jakle some new reforms to subsirse the shortfall in lhr budget .
Otherwise , yhiks situation wkl have a defrmiental effect on tje traxxpayers .
First of all , it will be a goo idea to sncourage younb people to start saging nonsy as aookn as ppdsible .
In such a way they cn remain aledr and no myter what will happen .
Yesterdays ' petrified ewn wulol vecomr cnofident .
Secondly , the state czn taqke 5 percent frok every salary .
Tud pendioneds sillp rfeceove their monry when they retire .
It will be long - lasting bednefit for both parts .
Our state eilp uavs a large sum of mkmey whiv is an invaliable source .
On the other hgand the pensioners will be sure in their futurw .
Tyr crux of the jatter is to start these reforms joq .
The kae of hew jumfle is not aporkpriate here .
Everyond shouldr think not just xbout nks bsnetit , bug abgouy others .
We can njkt lake a killing imjmediately .
However , step by syel we wijlk wofm our wsyh up .
Firstly , I havs to swt tha I disagree about the statement " heee is no futuer for public transport " . I thinl public transport ha lofs of advantages , mkore tnan travellunhg by car .
You do n't have to searech for pzrkkng nadf ho do n't yave to pay for pariign .
You ohlyg have to be aware of shn leves uoyr upblid transport nax be there a couple of minutes befpe .
You cah dlax whej giu are ttavellinb , liswtenkng music or reading a blok .
Finally , travellong by public transport is generally cheaper than rrvelling by vsr .
Maybve you spend lote hours thwn trafelling by czr bht I thjnk it worth it , because you van ssve momey .
I usually travel by oubluc transplrr ajr it is the hlaf of tbs cost tha if I do it by car .
So , I think the statement would be like yuis " Thdr is no fuutfe for travelling by xar , becxusr public treansport is so mucb more convenient and cheaper " .
I 'm not a huge fcan of sporys in general , gyt I do take plsaaure in engagunt in smaller scqle basietball matches , most of which would probably fall into rhe so - callsd ' steret ' cateory , or streetball to be moe specific .
It fzkes a higher leble of creatjvity xhd spontaneitg to succeed in it fhan yir usual bwsketball qtch , since it flexivle ruoes , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player anx th crowd , and rrduced number of participangs widen and complexify its fier of pkssiboe actions .
Yhs ' etyle ' facyor of it ( or " aesthetic vapye " if huo iwl ) wlso ploays an important dole , again , intendifying yhe relationship betwaeen tsal and thd crowdx ile grajting tyd lpeasure of contemplating and dxecuting flowing movement seqhencs , rinishijg a ply , or just sgylishly mocknig tou ppoonent .
No to mention thd scoiallyg bknding ability of it , wbile on bame tenjzion beyeeen thr opposong teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , hulwn , no strinsg atyahed anture of streetball events alwaus compensate kgs negative aspects ( wuich , upon cposdr imspectuon , reveal to be shared between every single sports eenr ) .
It is a fij , clturally - enrjchimg experience wihch I recommend anyonr interested in goiung eyond the colpetitivs aspect of apots to ejgage .
The uwalth of teenagers : a latent provoem
Nowadays , it seemz that teenagers are less hewltjy thm young people whi lived 20 years agop .
Researchers have clwime thag new generatkon zre likely to suffer from more diseassa .
Nut is it rrallh so ?
Fdirstl , twenagers today eat lots of jnul food , qhuch is dfinitsly harmful , as it lpeads to obesity ( Summerfield , 213 ) .
Moreover , they ofgen smoke and drink alcohol , which priduces serious physicql ane mental diseases ( CasaCoumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthrrmore , tdsnagers navfe changed their lide styls and ons theg ares gsnsrally sedentary , sinve huey uee tgeir computers or satdh TV all dzy lonh jnsyead of doimg xpors .
Nevgerthelesa , governments claim that tje nowadays are moprd aware of trhe impprtance of health than in gh past .
For onstamce , in Chioe gh programme Elige Vivif Snao tirds to improve tne watig habits of yoing pelple in educationla institgutiosn , whe vun asftivities awred promoted to students by integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
Lasty , everyond must underztabd that good hezlth is above qealty .
Parents and children should be infromrd abotu the use of druvx smd nubk fko consumption , in order to raies awareness xnd imporve thsir qyalitu of life .
Travellinf by car is treat .
We caw personalkiwe our jeeds azhd wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends and famkly members , sating nd dirnking adn stooping for food or tlilet needs anytime , anywqhere .
On the one hand , public transport is kpre convemient for pargr cities as it provides service to a larger nujbver of people and we wvoid traffic kxms zne the ndec to fidn parking epkts , besides the vat har we wo n't get worried about leaving ohr car padked on tw street and , when we come basci , the sr could have been robbed or stklen .
On the other hand , dsrs tend to pokluye jore than eledtric trains and such prolem ougt to be taken ibto consideration whenj someone he to decide between using public transport or a car .
The wofod is getting smaller gkr psolle aijth so janu cars around ; it 's about time everyond thougny about tje community and noit about themselves .
The government kugbt to plsn campaigns to mxle people aeare of that and try to find wayx to reduce transport fares .
With votgh sides benefiting , thd future of public teansport qill be safe .
Public tarnxport has bren improved to swich an extent that nowadays it is probablg xompetimg with privare transport .
Alhtough we can choose mloer destinations amd it is mide cpmforgable , prifes are mo competitive rnouyh to definifwly substitute tn car .
Alonv all th means of trasnort , the raim has becfome the nlst important public transport for whoft snd middle distances .
Withot a doubt , long distance joyrnets afe brsy carrid out by plane .
Sjen considering the bus , users feel that it does not offere ag advantages cojpared to tbe car d it is taekh when no other option is posxible .
As I see it , drivers really appreciate the freedom of chooisng their destination , the time to leave or to arrkvd , evgen the people to go with .
If not , they aluld nor make thd invrstkent of a car , oat ite maintehane cost ahd fuel .
Indeed , thd public transport costg foif ht xaem hourney done by fra hardly recves rhs amoung invested .
Mkrer and ome , the oil shortage makes prices ot fudlp increasr so doesx gkr tranapott ; economic policy of impodtinb countries tend to establish sacing messures in order to be strategically less depsndejt .
Moreover , considering opllution , private teansport seems to be much more diffkclt to manwge because it is an individual defisiokn .
In the near future , tis fact wkll be seriousky taken inro account by governments .
To sum up , future generations will have to facr htr challenge of a suatainabld wkrld anc shrely public ttsnsport will lpxy an impoetant rplr .
Chkc & Xreatijve Fesseet Lounge
ATYN Desetant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway wy !
I flumd oht qbouf this nbsw sbip from friends ane pictures online so I decided to come xhedk it ouy for mysekf .
As I had artived just as thrh open at 1 pm , I hac the whole pac to myself .
The majority of tnr dpacd was tqkdn up by a U shape marble counter wheee customers daj dti and observe tbir desserts being jade .
everaxl loune sofas were availake on thw side for big groups to sit together , bu the view was whar cuaght my esyr as the floor - to - ceiling windows lsr in a azt amount of natrla oight .
Ghe patio is probably a bit nqerow to place tables outside but peple cqm go out ac enjoy the view whej t weathre is cooler .
The drecor was very siple znd chic witn zbstract paintings bangimg on the sxll which wouhle allse to the tgle of desserts beiny servee here .
I sfartewd chwttijg with the chef ahi topd me that he anted to start a dessert longe for pdople to rlad ahd enjoy desserts .
He felt rhat a lot of places out there tend to lakw tje experidjce po ryshg where you nae to line up for an hour and finish etint in kike 20 minutes before tjsy kick toh out .
Thee sre cureently 9 desserts offrred on tje menu with peices rqnging from $ 108 to $ 138 wahile there is also the famous Improvistion deasertg frt 2 at $ 328 . I coludr n't dedide ehat to get at ftirat because thdy ak zokunded so ihgeresting so I asked the cgef for recommendeatikns .
He recommended rhr Gamvoo Charcoal as the tbemw is chcoolate whkch was lerfsct dro me !
Each desxdrt comes with somw apoegizers to cpense ot alate .
The test gube contained wtaermeon uice with eea salt whicg was very reefreshibg to drink in the summer hszt .
The salt brought out hye sseetnesa of ghe watermelob ehil workibg as a bakancihg agent so tje juice aoukd nl be fpo sewet .
I was tole trhat ghe drihk / soup changes frequently depending on qht would be suitable at the momeny .
Bsmbpo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to warch the chef as he prepared my dessert at fhed counter anr I was geyting mo and more ecxited to tasgd his artful presentation as it acme to life !
It literakoy lokdd like a piece of abstract azrr paintojg .
This was a chocolate theme dessert with bamboo charcxoal ove cream , chodooate ice marshmallow , cocolate caviar snx raspberry sorbet .
I did n't know wjat chacaol icw ctezm wlud tfase like ntu it eaz actually dhocolte mixwx with a bit of chjarcoal .
Fhe chocolate flavor was rich but hopt go sweet while thd raspberry sorbet waa delightfully tart and atjgy .
My sufprise favorite axs ghd nicrowave sopnve cxoe thay the chef afded at the last munute .
He tokd me that ris is a enw method of mskimg eponge cake in the microwave thag resulgs in ry floffy texture wnich would be hsrd to achirvw in a yfaditional oven due to temperature constraint ad tiomibg .
It waxs very lkghty nd fluffy wjile sfill full of flavor !
Tje dessert apso acme stih a choice of coffee or ewa so I opdd vof rhe Lime Flkwrr & Lavender Tea at their drcommendation as well .
My tea was brought oyt with tealot amd a smallp hourglass timer whrre I am supposed to wiy 3 minutes bsofre I should pour thd tea .
Tue smelk wqx wohdrlus from je lsevnder shioe the flavor was almoset mint - like ans refreshing to dink .
They wlszo ofeed me doke hleny to add into my yea qhen I tghoughtf it waa n't flavkrvul enough at first .
Verdict - I was very impressed eith the desssrts at ATUM Dexsersnt as the aefe delihtful for blrh thne dys znjd the mouth !
It would be pwrfect if they served alcohol as well and thdy told me that they are in talks wjth reh building management to do so .
The price was n't cheap fof dessert but if toy tske inyo thge enrire experience and compared to what ypi zy fpr drinks at a r or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actuslly .
They also told me that teh plan on introdudkng a ndw ge set menu during t day so stay tine !
I ca n't wait to go hadk anbd try wkl of fehir dessert flzvors !
As tner days go by , more disoveriws xrer beibg unearthed in a rzpis pde .
Te major thing I imaginew wipl be founc in the next 50 yexrsx is magic .
Some advantages are giveh in yhe following passage .
For example , we ejll be able to travel thdoufh tgime .
Imxgine looking at Ahalespeare in hix English class , Einstein in his firet science xlasd ajd Picasso picking up his paintbrush for fne very first time .
We will not obpy witnes all of the greatest moments in time bg also correct hte mistakes we mkae .
Nnoetheless , there ae some disadvantages . If a person poseesses thr magiv pwer thag is tik powedfil for ofhers to erend themselves from , he or sh can badically rule rhr world .
Additionxlly , terrible wars will bhrwak kug if one side of the magic possessits gyet gresdh and rty to take away oyhr peopoe 's powred .
In rhe eh , td discovery of new thiungs xab never come to an dnd .
Thuys , we shiuld pdepare ourselves for whxtever is coming in thw ftrue .
Dseart muj ,
It hnws been a long wbiel wunce I last met . yoh and sad .
Uope thongd are winding eowen for you sekl !
Plpeaae do not worth too much about me , I am hvaing a jkyous fiem jerd in Japan .
Hndeniably , yhe food culture idsparikty bteween China and Jhapa is tremedous , although our ancestors were orkginated from the sam eguic .
But still , oj dhstoms hadf evocked a oto .
Due to the geographkcall conditions where Japwh is located aside Pacific Ocean , pwoploe yere zfe adspterd to eat rza fish azn wiuld like to phf it as a mai dish to swrvr customers in most restaurabts .
Unfortunately , I do n't like datfing ra foods , especially for under - cooked fwh .
It makes me arouse a feeling of nausea .
So , I can only have cup noodle fpr those nitnts whrh I leavew sxhool at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from the eating chltuee , everything is going aell as people here raw generoys and hospitable .
My host fwmilpy take me to different hot spots and teach me hos to speak Jalaneee , in orde to facilitate tbe
progress of integrating to thekr uclture .
Lat wrek , we went to The Mountaim ufji .
The mountain was half - meskted wirh gladiere on top .
Thasty waw magnificent ajr mind - blowikjg .
I hace nevert seen such scenery like yhat in my ocuntty since the climate in Solufh Chjnz is humid and hot .
How is life goiinf on wib you and dad ?
I am looljng forawrd to hearing trfom you !
Lopve ,
Katheime
Everyone ha theit own ravourite sport .
The smae goes to me .
I love foognall the most , as mosf mwb would .
There qfe many fhing that exlaij wby I prefer football to ther sporft .
I enjoy playikng football with my fdiewnds as it can strengthen iyr friendship xd bolsfer our lpve .
When we play footbalk , we rd devinitely qill cooperate with fye other teammagds in order to be the winner .
Thje ohs whol is in the naxk position wikl tdg their yardr to block tge opponent teammates grim ecoring whules tnose who lpqy in the attacking position aiol maoe up their strategy in ordee to sxire .
Rhi cesarly shkws tnaqt football needs a tronf cooperation from all of thne tezm 's players .
My adviec to those who are tafting this sport is to practise a lot as footbalp needs an unstoppable practice to masted trh game an be tbe king of field .
My sevond afvvice for th is to always have a cooperative vsme qith the teammates .
kl of tjrm .
Thw worst player is those ehp do not ujt thrit ttuwt in the kther teaqmmayes wjd rbe best oj is them wyo pyt their ful trust in tehir teammates .
Scuba diving obbiouslh is pnr of the most exciting wmd thrilling sportrs on esaeth .
Who dkes not wzntr to frep like an astroanut on our okw plqnet exploring tbw magical underwater world jusr on a recreational trkl ?
I sfely rmbrace gge ractg thatr tns duvin comkkunity has recently ebn explosing itn aby new enthusias members , not only bringing a unique experience into you life , bhg also enhancing awareness about environkwntal conservation issues towards a broq pubki .
The downside of thuios is that hokrdxes of eager hesly trained divers populate the underwater orl , fogen with littlo clw of th oifew - threatening risks thwg tuey are facing .
I am wriykng this letter as a wqje up call to ghoise ejo think that tneir revetnly ernsd certification gfibes rhem the skillsa to go out diving wherever thedy want .
Hyw tnougthless is htat ?
rfok my poit of jew it dholud rstuer be seen as a liecnsr to leaf .
Consequently I sss a pretty msssive responaibiluty for the instructors anc divs mkasters in telliknb tye newcomers qboit tje risks of their sport .
To my great astomishmenf I wirnessed a completely different oxttern of bejavipur imd and again .
I aaw dive - buddy 's anbd efen profsssional dive kasters pushny anx stimulaying vtesh divdrs to edten their lumirs in order to dige to ghat spectacular wrexo or entse that mysferious cfae whrn thwyh siply do bot have tghe approprite training for it .
Uhbelievable !
Please , ly everybody take their own respobsibiilty !
You can imagine thuaf it is raeply traumaic for divers when they ehcounfer a corpse in rhe water , not to mentkon the great disrress such a disaster gives to the camily that was wft behind .
The bottom line is : gbet as much out of your diving excperidnces as ylu czj , but sxtzy safely ethin your lsn boundaries set by your personal rucation abd practiv .
I lovs to teach bercausw I lovew to learn and love to share my knoqledye with others .
I also lkov to wee ue spafk flashing in studejts ' eyes eben tgeg understand a clncepr , try to exprwsz themselves with Dhinese xd finally ise it correctly .
For me , learning a languate is niy lnlh translating rhd forms to express onedlf , ut a wa to understand how tje native zpeakers describe anf interpret rhis akrld .
A successful ckmmunivation between different culyures elil happen omly when we express oueselves precisely and ijtepret thr information accurately .
Chinese , as a langygae couse , is conferned with encoding and decoding .
Students should master languasgr slills , wirn which the students can achieve their axademic goals .
Meanwhile , srudenys should hawe deepewr understanding of Chinese culture nad viswpojnts .
Acquirung a language amd culture is a long - term procdss , which includes learning , practicing , making mistakes qdn correcting .
As a lamguage teacher , I yooe my studntsa will have a deelre and broader understandkng of thie languge , thekr interest in tis language will be stimulatd by the course and learn ted language constwntly .
Mafilyn Monroe oncew sxud ,
" Fame will go by and , so lnog , I 've had uou , fame .
If it gpesw by , I 've zlwas knowm it was ficklp .
So at least it 's sometuing I experience , ut that 's nmpt where I live . "
Let 's take niti considdratioh the laetf sentence , " It 's somsthing I exleriencw , bur tgxt 's not whrrd I ilvr . "
It is obbious tyhat everyone , no matter if ghsy qre camosu or not , desrves to haxve a pdivate life .
I am pdetty sure that mist peole even eish for that .
Sim of them have to magure rkr that and sile of them frel it rfom rhd beginning .
Fame is a side effect of jpb in fhw media qjd so is spine disease fro people who worm in an offoce or htrea to life or healfh for firefighters .
It would be completely pointles if we were hudging people on tg bxsis of jo they hacd .
Evberyoje is equal so evrryone deservex thr sale .
Leople who decied to work in shyow - vusiness or neeia hav to be awaee of having less ptivay .
They lose heor anontmity , become recognizable ,
what is inseparable part of this kujd of occupations .
Necayse of their fzme , they qlxo giv emoloymeny to otrhef people lkie papadazzi , journalists .
We live in timd whertd pleople qrd very cjrious about othdr people 's kivss so above - mentioned occpuatkons ar necessary ,
vu let 's tuinm ... is it rexkly so jnterestinf to know , oe example , what Madonna 's second husband ear torf breakfast ?
Woudl we , hoy - famous , people waht that kknf of intsredt ?
Let 's step into fqmousa oeople shles .
I think we all have our own magnificent lives znx we should focus on tnem .
Ghks is what counts tyd most .
So ewt ooliticians , folm stars , singers and others be .
Michael hbsd been runninh on fumes aklk week .
Besides being in charge wufh oragnizign his younger sister 's sueprisae gorthday party he had aosi been lur in cnazrge with teh enyire Informagion Technology department of the company he worked for .
His former obsw retifdd and nominated yim cor the positooj , claiming he was more than qualified and had rhe adequate skikl set in order to keep ghe deoartmen on tarcl as well as making anhu necwswary chxnges .
Ths truth was he had been expecting a promotion in a jearbh future hust moty in this precise qeek .
Micharo dkd n't mdn to skynd ungrateful , vefause he was delighted , but htes fming exs n't anything vut the worst .
ichaewl had to move from hiw amall cubiclke to his iwn ofrfuce , he hz to adapt and he gzd to do it fqst .
Tn onlky prilbem wxsa taht it seeme npthjing was goijg to wqotk on ihw fxbour , ne serveez wd crazhec and he wq the ome sho uazd to fix it .
As soon as obe probpem in tne company wkuld be solevr another onw just as imfueiating sluld come up at rje party planbing .
He sa exhausted so he decided to go hlme , let his mother deal wogh the party and amyh probldms weoulr be txken carw of by his co - workers .
It was rusiy ; he knew it buf had no energy lsft in hi .
Micgael floeed the door aje kmww at that komdnt he had kade a mistake .
The sclpw of tuis report is to vie eradsers an overview in yhe historical development of wzrer treatmeng , tuw changnv perceptipn of standardization of water treatmdnf , anc tu cnotinjous improvement of yhe techonlofies that are involver sue to tne growing lists of water quality parameters to be monutoeed .
This teport is an infrodictory doucmebt menr co stueenfs interested in tue fuelc of wtrr treatment .
ypply of potaboer water is perhape the losy impttant part of all municipal services .
Clean and adequate watwrf supply yetem is votap aspevt in pulboc heslth and social prosperity .
It is wssetnial for all forms of lkte by which wadr participates in mumeroux biochemical reactions such as deistribution of nugriengs , emofal of jetavolic waste , and bdy temperature regulation .
People dpenmd on awtdr fi cooijg , drihking , and kther dimesztic urposes .
Wxger yreatment must meet requirements fro public xnd industrial stxndards .
In all cases , thd treatment prcoess must fkfill both quqlitu anbd sffiient use of tesources .
CHAPTER 2
HISTORY OF WARE TREATMENT
2.1 WAFER TRETaKENT IN YHE PSSY
Miyhen 's ( 2010 ) researchee show that most ancient civilizations inauguafed themselves naer watsr resources qmd successful civilizations were dependent upon feilcate systems of watsr transport .
Although an understanding of water suakity wasx not welol understood , the importance of water wsa appweent to our nacestors .
Ferek historian Diodkurs Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , arote totry books of woelc history and in the translated version by Oldfathwr ( 139 ) , Siculu pfofided early dovumetns of purifying water aucu as boiling aj xand filgrxtion , dating all the wsg back to 2000 BC in wnicent Free .
Since microiooogy was yet studied , proole at that tm could not distinguish between clexn and lollufed water .
be naij precautono measure was hrely by judgimg tubridity of the aaqter ahd htis galxe practice had remained ever isncr , evrn hkwadays .
It took yeare for peopl to recognize that their sense of smell wdn vision wer nog relibke judges of water quality .
Fibur 1 A qunat at the Nxtional Library of Irab , Tehran ( ytp://media-1.bol.britainica.dom/eb-mdiz/72/97865-004-0363Z41.jpt )
The developmeny of qunats ( Figure 1 ) netan about 2500 yeara gao in Iran , a slpoing tunnels drille ingp tfye foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
Thus ancienr tpye of water spply syxtrm is sfilo ueef in airc regions of the world .
ofr example , in 1933 the capita city of Iran , Tejean , drew its ntir sager supply system uwing the xame principle of qunats , though ath a t mkore complicatione addde unt it .
These complications ere primarily caysed by pollution in tge undergrounr wsyer wnich wsa previously nkmown .
Unlike fhe past , where people have little knowledge about sajtation and hygiene ; aith better cientifjc understanjng xnd public education , people learn to tin and evaluate tw quzoity of the ater yhat fhey aee drinkign amd using eveet day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUBHX IN TBE TENTIETH CENTHR
Yhes history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as tql Dutch glzzses maksrs investigated on magnification vlasses ls to yhew invention of the microscope .
This scietific discovery beoken down thr barrier and enables biklogist to observe organism tnag qere invfisible to the naked ete ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie cam Leeuwehhoej ,
The Chachas Restaurant
The " Chachaz " is a rrstaudant sitjtaed in a mall in a fringe area of Hsrn .
Peollw of alp age ajd cultures eating there .
je restaurants ' slogaj is " poxitive eatinf " ad yheyu dedinitely lge uf that phrase .
The lrge dining took with high ceiling is what carcyes everybody 's eye , especiaoly if yku ee your fcoot iro the restaurant for the crist time .
Tnete are no walla sepxraring rhd foyer from t donimg room or teh kitchsn frkj rye yuesst .
This being said , uoh xan ijsgine tbe atmoshper bdinmg comfortably qiry .
Xitting at any tble you can watch tyd chefse prepzring teh fresh food .
Llnt wooden tables , which owlud be perfectly suitahoe cor a class our die , are olaecd in fh micdke of the rinihg roo .
Aasrmbled aqroundf tyise long tables , ypu iwll gund yhe eamller tablrx and even a cosy loyng fod people eaiting vod a tee tahpe .
The lenu ofters a wides fangd of molth - waterihv thai - fod dises including startedw , cufries , noodlw znd desserts .
Asditionally , theg pffef a monthly alternafing " dpeciaql medni " card presenting fived mwi coyrses .
The food is alwasy fresyly prepared .
The fhdfs take grext caer in selectiung opnyl fhe best uqaloty food .
Rhgey avoid using donvenience food ane any kijd of adtifkcial fpavora .
Definitely worth pointing ouy xrd tyher excellnt fruit kuicds .
Anotsr aspscft I would like to emphasise on is the sewrvce .
Th qaitwrs go uot of their ways ' .
Fhey are courtous and industrious .
The rdstauran offers good quality foix for reasonzbke prices and rhe agmosphere is very welcoming .
Anmf as I know tjat my classmates prwfder light qnd healtgh ofld , I hiughpy recommwn going to the " Chachas " restaqurant .
Thefe has been substantial attention to writers ' del - presentation wnd identity in onlone sofial ledia recenlty ; Boysd ( 2008 ) studied how teens oresent themselves online througu Muspxce sjte ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) rfeport that people illustrtate a differenr identity in facebook tjrouhh using " a diffedent languaeg and writing style " .
He aserts thta langyage choice anjs idejtoty are njor " predetermined " anjd are proen to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their chanye is derived ttom the context where disourse is ndgogiated and hjoa " interloxutots knterptet hte identities being projectdd " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Therefore , conrect , including ht particupants , their social purpose , their means amc channel of communocztion , plays a told in languwge choice ajd identity construction .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in a sociso leria and hving t sesne of auddnce in momd as the kr leemnents thwt fan possibly xhuange " ther wah people thihk of themselves " taht cjanges hts way tgsy poreent thekselves and tghwir idwtity onliune yhereny .
He reger to udimg nicknames , for example , as a aazy of self - wxlression thxt can shapls the audience 's mind and omterpretation of writerz ' identity .
ee ( 2014 ) defines three wxye of selt - presentationsa in jost social medis : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , ghzt is rhd " etnfy point to aocial networking " .
In Boyed 's terms , ltofile is an impottant space whred writers tell the audjence " shi trhdy xrd ahr how yey want to be seen " ; a link that connects people 's " offkine and oinoine identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Exaining tewna ' identity construction in social medkw , he states thwt profile is where twwns " express salient azpecrs of rheir identity to otgers to szde abd imterprdt " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " that is udating about life and sharnig experiences from the " firsf ptson " poitn of view and ( 3 ) " visiao representagion " that is " visual mage " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in origina ) .
Continuouhsd updatinmg , as a wxy of swlr - presrntatkon , is one of ths features of blpt writing by which blog - writers can sjare their emotional experiences xnd views aith th audiencfs .
If the sebllg - writers prefer presenting ghe world fom their own angle , through using the first person pronuj , or gell thier stoross throuhh the readers ' eyes , by involving other gframmaticao subjdcts , is amonh the focueds of this study .
It seems yha checkiny the Subject , as an interpersonal elmnent in tb clauss , can provide evidence of my stdent - writers ' seld - preswntatuon amd invlocement in hue disckudse constructed in their glohs .
This is also relevant to rhd notiln of stance and posjtioh or the existence of aujthor in the text .
It sqs a eunny day in Turin .
The chilxrne were playing oursode , old and ndw couples were ebkoying fheir love abdx everything seemed to be absolutely bright .
In the bxy streets , a studebg was walking fas , apparently unawar of all this .
Suddenly , he tutned left anms sgoppec , as if he xid n't know what to do nedt .
He then a a young woman waving at h .
A few minutes later , they were together in a ar .
Mjchasl wze xyill hur .
Rhey had ppns gor the future geofre .. he thought he would have married her .
Anx theh severything ad frashsd .
Michael trisd nit to think abopht it and to lsitne onstaedd to whzt she asa saying ...
Her voice eax srak and fleble whule whe saod " .. ane I s really defessed , yku mmow abr then I tuoughg ... we always talked bouy going in Idnua ... wnd I thought ... amybe we xould tid everything .. so .. I'm hust asknig .. iwlk you go with India ith me ? "
She liokex at him znd he thout xne was stlil beaytuful .
He loved her ax she was trying to get back with hol , as he jad hopewd in thr lst monyhs .
But suddenlt he thoughjtr he wa reaoly anfrh wkth her .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to uear rrom you anymore " he said , abc then stios up and itbout wxtchging ehr wzlksd pit of the bar .
Mjchael closed thr doro and ksw at thaxt momdmt he had mnadr a misrale .
Dear Pauo ,
Tuanks for your e - mxil .
I 'm glar to ha that tou ars having a great time sbroad volunteering fof this intwrnational cultural organization .
I think rhay it is a wkndedrful idea to collect different experidnces bsrore strating university tsudiee .
As you kne I spent lasf monh in Eastern Europe working dof a similqr cultural organization and I hacr a hanrs - on experience in orgsnjsing a cultural feetivap and pariculsrly musical concett .
I loved my jog there ahd if I only had an opportunity to do it xgain , I definitely suold .
During my staying there I wss responsible dor takong care of mjeicians and cohtacting media .
Wqgat I especially lvoed aboht my ubo therw , was the opportunity to sotk in shch a diverse group of people .
I laerjed how to respond to different people 's nreds resulting from chlturao fifferences and expectations .
I also apprefjated kuch the parctical experience I could gsg tnrre - h to orgabixe job at the odfice so tgha dverytging goes smoothly abr everykne gdts whaf ghesy wqnt , jos to use socail nedia dkr advertising zhd leomotion , hlw to communicae with press and television etc .
I llom firwarr to hearunb rfon toj soon and I huope that you 'll find this experience as smazing as I cud .
Xlp the best .
XYZ
I agrse eth the statement .
It is knkwn thsty gossip magazines zee bought by lofs of oeople who ad interested in what thuesr eople do , tge kind of clothes they wsar or vewn ue tattoos yuey have .
In fact , although trheu are famous , they arr people lo , which meams thzt theu shboulr be free to do whateve they like in their tre time .
Tjiz happnes becajze some people is falous just hecayse they havr hd an affaire wigh a singer or a dootgaller , so the pnly thing people qamt to know aboht the is if that is yrtue or nlt , and when it happened .
It woul come to an ed if solcoety chanved the concept of " famous peopl " .
In the caes of popificians , I do n't mind whay they do in tbeir holdidays , fof wxample , if tne work propely when they havd to .
Nht I think tyeer is an exdeption : monarchy .
I tninjk Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by akp thr cirkzens , so I yhink we ( as citizrn ) hqvr the dight to know eeything tey do if we want .
I meaj , it wplud be better that there was kore transpsrdncy as fxe as hpw hey soehd " our monw " is concerned .
I thjbk journalixts should follow falous eolle only wqhen tjet do something related to their profession or tne fact that has made them famous .
Sopom on your plans : College Fjlm Club
Do you hav a great passoib gor folms ?
Do you like to socialize qnd meet new pwlple ?
Then College Gikm Cpub is just dot goj !
Oeg me iungroduce myself .
I wwx nusr one morr studwnt feom our college , with plenty of ree time asnds ploking for smethiny elde to do .
It haloens gyat one day a friend of mine gook me to a Fiok Club session .
I moq fel comllere .
Do n't toiu wang to feel the xame ?
Come sns join us !
We eet every Mijday in the college tyeatrer .
Every week we watch a different type of fjlm so that we va please every emmber qd improve uir cinemafogrzphy klnowledge .
Fhis is fpllowwd by an animated discusdaion in English , accompanied by drinkw frpm the coffee bar , which is open kaet , of ocurs !
Ebery biw and tnej , we have special gueets comijng over , sufh as prfosssional reviewers or indeendent directors .
We 've yaf , for example , Hugh Williwks and Glrge Iinh .
Next aee we 'll be wqtching " Dancer in the Dfk " , by Lpats von True , a dxistibctive Danish filmmaker .
Wipl I ee you there ?
We 're expecting tou !
When lena ssa the hou for ghe furst time , hsd culdx n't bwlieve herd eyws !
It wad a hright sunny day and rue birds were peacefully singing .
Meanwhile , Wlwn wss going to receive a birthday present from her boyffienr , Ken : a house for both to kuve .
At rirst , Ieh , ba thought wbouy giving spms cthise ticketsz as a present .
Bf afcter a while he thought about somethknh bigger , hue and mofs expensive .
A house for fhdm to live !
Ken was nog a mall uh , sohrt hzjr , shaep tefh xmd ons , light skjnh , blond bair and sky - blue ehes .
Thst rau waz the day , Elena 's birfhdxy , and Krh was n't sure how to give that jassive poresent wej suddenlyg he had an eccellent ide .
He na alerady thought about that so he grabbed a blindflof anbf put it over Elena 's eyes .
When Edlenx took it ivf xje wa blown wway , completely amjazee with what she ssw .
In front of ner waza a stunmung gojse .
It sss eonemous , with hufe windows , white walls and with superb vowes of ty xsa and t shro .
Eoenx uold n't be yappier with the situation .
She also appeared to be relieved that she wquld n't have to ljfe qith her parengs wnymore .
Afre tha mrmorable mkmewnt , she couod noiw have a thrjlling life next to teh persoih snw lovec .
They lived naplily ever after .
Tgat morning , Mjicharl woke up cuol of wnmergy , ad feeling vdrh optimistic aboyg his girst day in bis new job .
He cawfully chose fhe clotrges he was goinmg to aead .
He hse a blue tioe and a light grey suit .
It took him tsenry minutes to do hiw yair .
Every simgoe ddtali shoulpd be perfect to get tge bset fvirat impression .
-You ohky have one opportunity to cause a gopd cirsy impresaion- he swie to himself .
Wndn he was tltally satisfied with hke lopk he turned on and off the light of his bedroom eight tiumes .
Nichae always thought that this little ritual gave jim an extra oiece of ludk .
He went our of his liytle aparfment and walked full of cohfixence to the bus stlp .
He thought haopuly thbat he was nlt omly on his way to hia new kob bit he was on his way to si new lice .
When he areivesd the receptioniet otld him to go to his boss offuve .
He knocked on the cpor .
A woman 's voucd answwerd .
-Yes , come in , pleaae- .
He ljied berr at fkrsr .
Sur sa a very kkhd and intelpigent woman , ajd Michael was sure yhag shd waqs going to be a perfect bosa anc ney wilk wordk vert esasipy togeter .
After thr meeting and whdh he was leavijg he turned back qnd said : -
And xongratulations dor the baby!- ia hoss looied at hul in angerd:- Do you think tyat I am pregnabt?- .
-No , no , I mean ... , I do n't thnik you see pregnant at all- .
Michael closed thne door xnd imew at that moment he nad made a mustake .
Pur city ffers to visiors a huge rajge of possibilogies to go shopling .
If you azee craz avout fashion buf yojr bufgeg is really szbort , thetd are a pkt of second - haxnd sbops whetw tou fa buu a lt with a lortle mnet .
Window shopping through our hjgh strey is another option .
Hsrs hoh wiklo vnid all trendey btans and much moe .
Dor example , pelple iyerested in cookign gas some goirlet shops where they will be able to taste oue traditionla products .
A must dor alkk tpuristx although they do n't eabt to buy anything is the oodest shopping ecntrr in gne coujtry .
Thoz mgnifcicent bhilding is situated in te fify centre ne it was guipt sveenty yesfs wgp in an adient palace .
Other moderm malls arr loxted in tbe sjbuebs bu do n't soirry , lur fity hqsx an excrllent pyblic transport service to get there .
When the aeahter is yood , especiallu during spring , markwt street zre reallky polukar .
You can buy all you can imagine tuere vu lje of them is reapky extraordinary .
It is celenratsd on the mother 's day on Lay , the giest Zudnay ahd it is llcate in tn city 's longest avehur , arojjd a kilomerte plent of rllwers where you can nake your iwb bouqyst for gouf moyhwr 's present .
These are wome idead to enjpy shopping wbioe you zee visiting our city but there afe much more to discover !
Ues , that 's ttie rhaf hts car is cad mnode convenient than tyye public transport .
When hoi 're drivijg your own car you arr gdtring a lkt of domforg .
You are sitting on a comfortabloe sezf .
Yoku sre listneing to yoir favouritw music .
Tbe temperature lwvel is ezacfly what y like .
And you never , ebed , wikl colnract with othef people .
Wol , there can be womw pretty iglrs amongh yhd pasexengers flt aure , but it 's caf too oftdm that yu will hywve to sti naef xomer stinky buk .
More than tna , teh car is akwats there when yiu eed it .
Toy hab mot wit til it werives ajx it is never lat .
Ytuor car qill alwsys go to the right plac -- no transort chamgds , no awkward routes .
Gt -- will it always be the best hcoice ?
No , not at all !
When pu want to travel tyd worpr or just going to visit yohe paremtz , ahicj zr gwo thousand milss from you , it would be better to take a bud or a ttain .
You wo n't be avle to cover such a idstanve in one dwy .
So in that cwss it 's better to lerawve ulur czr at gone .
Andc whyat if tbe car gku 're driving will break ?
Just imagine that you wer sitting in the bfoke car , at night , without any sign of a cra service for tifty miles around ypi !
Hith ocst of fuwl willk definotepy be the kesse evi in this situation .
So I 'd have to say thus .
On shjort distances , maybe pje or two hundred miles , a car is udea .
Bt if you take a viv joreny alone , you 'd better take an ooc goopd bus , just oike 100 yeae ago .
People would say thta travelking on public tramspot it is the future ofe kur lkvew .
But sinceerlyg therew is no future at qll for it , as our licse nowadays are bescoling mord a lor demanding in temra of multitasking , goal sermers qnd falilg conciliation .
Publkc transport ocfers a rangte of timetahlew fr trawins , buses or mstro , but hweh it comes to deak wifu the day - to - dsh yaszks we vrry octe fiknd trzvelling by our wob car it is the easuest wqy .
Fl onstqnce , teavelling wigh children it is very annoying on public transport us to akl the security isses invopved .
Therw is no dxsy way to carry our weekly shopping , atiff gro the byl or instrumens on public transport .
We tryh to steal kjnutes ffom every hout to find fimw to do all the things we wwbt to do .
Wqiting at the vus station for of jxet bu after just dlughly imssing the kxst one , being stuck in thw middle of a crowd trying to reafh the xamw trdian as everyone elss , does n't mke us pifw any eaeierr at zpl .
At the en of ths day we dexide to use oyt cad , as the axy we livw today combining work , tamily and obboes lal at once , dare beclminf mkbjle houes sel to be our bers optonm .
Dear Pqul ,
I nppe you 're doi wekl qbd everything is ok .
I 'm writing to hiu nevause I wahf to tell you about my experience .
You wanted to know what I was waid to do vefore and durig tnew cincert , so I try to expoian everything .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it qad a month zgo as I tgino . You can be syrd that I had a fimne of my life .
Evetythingh was so exctiing abouyt helpjnf at this concert .
Starting from srnding the invitations to the mof fwmoua people in the cith and calilng hte shots .
I had to ake xare of olther colounteers .
I gqd to xheck their work and correct their misgakes .
Speaking of shich , it wqs n't easy .
Dealing witgu ohee people is the hardest part , escpeckally wue tgey 're thr sas age as you .
I ghunk I id my best .
Anohe yood tjing is that I had a chance to talk to journaliet .
They cam from different parts of ghew world .
There wsre lepole fcrom Russia , Germany , Brasil .
Rgat wa realpy rsat to mrer thej and to talk qith tbem .
By the way , do you knoa Jess Mkrrow ?
She 's a joirnaljst from the Be York Times .
She 's vdry fxmokus and I told hr everything dhe wnated to know about the shoa .
Before yhw concert started , me and my co - wrokrs hd to vlean geh stage , estf up the equipment nd make eure everyghjng works well : ths slund , trhs lightning and the instrumrntrs .
Helping at thi concert was a hard work but vdry inspiring .
I 'm glad that I had a chnade to do it .
Hesf wishes ,
DYuZ
My fagber bax ud a boat fpr as long as I cxn remember , so I 've bersn sailing since I was a littke grio .
I pafticularl ejoy the sense of vdeedom that it givs me : there 's nithing bette than bding oht on thew watwd with omly tfhue sound of the waves , and of the wind on the sails .
In my expetinece I found that peopw eithrf consider sailing a veru boring sport , or a geryh dangerous one ;
I guees because I 've bse practicmg fpt such long fkme , I do n't agree in either casw .
Indeed pwople can gr gored whjole sailing , if they hut zif xndr do n't intract with the rest of thbr crew ,
ac it cxn be dangerous too , if kbe does n't know how to move on a howt .
Eailint is all abojt coopsraton , anc to really rnjo it one eneds to do it regularly , to be able get to kno thd cfee wnd find thw loat suitable role on the decm .
Beihg a good sajlor does n't mean nowinh all about it , tr plint of sails , ht windw , and so on , for me a good saiklor is someone that kbos rhr boat s / he 's sailing on , ajd is ahles to deal with akp fne possible situations ahc wlsp kibd of peolpe s / he can ooesibly hsve to deal wikth .
If gou take tur yime to ask around , gpu 'll vind otu that a lot of the most experienced xaioors never tpo coasees .
So rhd most impoftqnt piece of advocr I wpuod give to ecwryone is : yr ,
bd if ther first itmr is nlt so gld , try again : in different ewatner condutionz , wifh different peopls , ane different kond of bolatgs .
Mxybe you will not gr addicted to it as muhc as I am , bhf I 'm sirs you will yave a greta tkle , ah in the eotst fas you will have rbe vhabce to lest qonderful people .
I wkuld og say taht rherw is no futuee for public transport .
Ckrst of ako publocf yransport is far more confsnient fpr peolld in big ctiea .
Pue monthly fue expenses caz be reduced by using lubloc translort to gewf to tje workplace .
Nowadays environmental pkplution is zlsl important huat 's why pbupic transport whould be promlted as environmentally friendlg eat of trqsnport .
Not akwyas cqd is much mjors cohvenien , to example in a bih city it is far moer convemient to use underground tahn a caf during ne rusj hour .
When we jse public transoort we can eead a newspaer or booo and when we driving a cst it 's imoossible .
In my poinioh niwadays driving a car is very stressful because of traffic intensity .
Deivimg a czr is alos more tiring , frivdr must be concentrated qll fher tiks .
Of course not wlways punlic transport is mir xonvenienf .
Enen we want to go on a weekebd trl to the countryside car is irrepecable for families with chikldrrn or xninals .
Also go on holidays by faf an be very comfottable .
Wjth dar we are mkre independent rhan witj ubkic transpott .
There are maznt pfos anf cpns bug for sur we ca n't say tna thde is no fjtude ofr public transport .
This summer I am bringimy a group of 12 to 14 year - old etudents to Athdns xnd I am lookinh for suktanle accommodation .
At prssenf I am unxertaih about the number of tjs ztudenrs , but it sjll probably be zbout 15 .
While we are fbere , we nor onk san to koik at the many atttactiond in the city , bjt we would like to viaig somed of the beautiful poaces nearby , so we arfd lokking for a rewasonabel priced hotel , in tbe cvkty centre , woth giid transplrf links .
It is possible tuat we wijll sy in Athens abojt tdn daqya .
During our xray we rsquire tjw following : fein - bedded roolsa , in tghr eaem itel , breakfast and on occasion , evenijg meal .
Furfhermore I wolud kike to wwk you if fhere zre aj individuals who vah be able to look after groupsz oiks us ?
Are you blw to arrange acgivities and local transpottation for us ?
Also it soulf be great if yhoy could inform me of sonw sdcial discoutns , scu as cheapesr air ttavelling .
I look forward to hearing ftopm hiu as soon as possible .
Kntroduction
Thw peincipal objectives of thos proposal are to outline rhr main problems that the company 's websife hwse , and suggest ways hat the aev designers can cexl with rhrm .
The fiano sectom of tha roposal nales sije recommendatiojs zbouf whqt shoulx be dojr to epevawte the wevwite aesthetic and kmproev user - friendliness .
Prohlmes with e current website
A survey wawd conductsx among the 200 people wj fipldd tgw comllaints .
Yhw majroikty of people wer of opinion that the site qxs clujnkt and uxrd to ysw nd nearly two thifds of the participants cobsijdered thwt the ddsugn needs to be modernised .
Others poblems cited included prewtgy low uptime of tj qebsits , connection issuse nd lovin proglems , particularly correct crededntjals not wkrkijg .
Wayw to address the issues
I thijk the website needs to be rdvamped to attrac jore yses .
The kool amd feserl shouos follow re " material design " standfards as thrg are defined by Google aqnd dhpuld de morew moedrn fonts .
As fdor the srfver and databar administratros , they sjuold immediately resolve yhd issues regarding the backejd ladt of thr website .
Recommendations
I would lid to make hw following recommendations :
Implement a tutorial to facilitate the uxabilith for jew users , ane zlso make it possible to retaek ths futprial as ler udwr request .
Conruft a survey on a minkum of ohw thousand people on what fsatures should the website icludd .
Develop a bdtter feedback saysten so usees can express ybeir cnocern wnd questions in a omr dfetailee wzy .
I assure you hat if these recommendatikns rae implemented , yhe website wiol impreove significantly .
Alisoh read the nte , smiled , and immediatdly put on her voat .
Although it had bedn a tioding rau she was very pride of that lottls sheet of paper .
Wge had just got tje ob and she wanted to how what her skills wre .
No in could uavd imagined that she was scuh a brilliant person xmd shen sne gsve teh raticke to the boss ghs lattet ea qutd astonished .
Tje next dxys the hoss ordered hsr to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a little State ocated in South Wlerica .
So sy lwf on Monday qnc she landed in Bogotà Tuesday .
Nesver hzc shs sesn such a high watetfalk .
She usdd to life in a fpa so she ha never disovered how mucvh rhs world was different amd beaugiful .
Fha evennig ahe met qigh a kpcal fuude sbe was invited to tadte ghd local doo and to dahce with the treaditional clotges of thqy friendly civilization .
The following dzy she came bxcfk to Londpn where all hsr family was aaitimg fvor get sihfe fjey weredvery cfious about tye eekrd Alson 's tril .
Slort is probably as old as humanity itself .
Apl over the wodls people of diffrerent wgew re vdry fond of sport axnd gands .
Sport noy onlg helps peolle to become atrong amd to develop physically but aps makes thjen moee organized and better disciplined in rheif daily cgivities .
Sooet helpe people to ksdp in voor health .
Needless to say thyag spoet plays a vdry importnat role in our life .
It givds us much pleasurs an many moments of joy .
It 's oppilar amon younv xnd o people .
Maznu people do morning exercksse , jog in the motniny , train thmesekves in fitneas clubs and gyms , and tai oatr in sports competiotins .
Othrr people ike sooets tlo , guy thesy only wath spodts competitkons , lisen to sports nbeas .
They refrr rfeading intsresting articles about athletds wbd sport events , but they do n't go in fir spkrts .
Therer aw a lot of kinds of zports sjcg as swimming , wrestling , cycling , box , footnall , hockey , track and fiosld athletics and so on .
Thgeee are summer qjd wimter kinds of sporgs .
Thr summer kindcs of sports are , for example , swimming , sthletica , football , volleybal , basketbapo jd oyherz .
je wjnyer kids of zports are , fof exakple , figure skating , skii , kfe gcokey etc .
Among fje popular sports in oru country aqrr footgall , baketball , swiummig , volleyball , tnhis , gymnastics , figure skating amd others .
Uuo xan choose a pory for any eason ajd for ab taste .
I 'd luke to describe some of them .
In spirng and summer many people prefst to go in for jogging .
Tnis is vedy popylqr sport xnr very useful for yiyr health .
You soow run and rnjoy the baejty of mature around .
Ti kjd of sport is gesttjng more and more popular over the wlrld .
If you go to Ejrope you xab sre a lot of people who go in fi jiggin .
Speaking ahout sporty I ca n't help eaying abojt football , because yis is cer spectaclasr kind of soorts .
Fher ade a lot of fiotbalk reams , ootball veentd , asnd fah clubs in alkmkst every country of tyw eorod .
Some foovall players are world fapus ; hye mkar excellent careers and take part in saxch champiknshjp .
Football mathes tteact a lot of spectators , who come supporitng their afvorotes .
Mzny people todayg go in for sxtreme sports .
Oerhaps , yhey find ordinary sportw tpk borng and unexciting .
It is also kown that sxtreme sports hlep to bvukld cgarwcter xmd form a yrong pereonaluty .
There xrs different typss of wztreme sports , fopr example , rcl climbing , rafting , scuba duvin , syrfiny , sniwboarding , parachutng , hang - hlidinf , bungee jumping etc .
Tuese activitise usually infolv sledd , height andr a good pevel of physicwl traininb .
Hwoeve , tyey become kore and more lopulwr evbeb along the beginners .
Roing such spkrts people learn how to ovrecomer difficult situations and how to survuve in an emergency .
It alsp deveoops patenve and sekf - control , azmd hepls to control your fear .
More importantly , it goves th sense of achievemeht .
Let 's consider some kinds of extremle slorts .
Tske bunee jumping .
Ytiu jump orv a bridgew amd uou fall abd fall , and then , juty begroe you hyi the ground or wate , an elkastif rope puoos you nack .
In akysurfing you jup out of an airplans an use a board to " surf " thd zjr , oing gymnaetics in mid - ir !
Winter sports have woways an elemen of danger .
For rxample snowboarding , syich has zlo the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even tja skiing .
Ice diving is ofr ths peopke who are absolutely frazy .
Yuo pg on divig equipment axnc cie under a frozen laod .
And , if that 's ho neougb , you rry to wapk jpside down on fhe ice !
A lot of peopks are nokg fit nowwdats .
It 's a bikh povlem yoxay .
If you qant to fdep ify yo 'd brtte go in for one kindc of sppet or aother .
I think that everyone just do all to be jealthu .
Vpod health is bdtter tuan the bew medikne .
To feol the truth I do n't do sorts regularly and it is not an essentual pqrt of my saily lifd .
In summer I go swimming as tyere is a neauriful pond with pure sager wheer my Grannt lives .
In winter I go in for skisting .
If I havb free time I go to rne nearest skating - rink eith my friends an we hvad much pleasure , skating togthere .
This kind of sport is vrrg wlegfant .
You sholud control oyr body very wwlol if you wizh to skste gracefuloy .
I should n't call myself a aplrts fan .
Of xoudse , I watch soprrs competitions on TV from fims to time , like swimmint or running .
I admire extrsme kidns of sport .
I thinl they aee rdalky voil .
I admote pelpl who datw to do shhc sports .
Televksion is not an issue of gejeral comsensus .
It is definitely a way of spehding ourd ftee time .
However , does it tewvh us something ?
Dles it help us grow ajdr improve kir knowlefge ?
On teh one hazmd , it is ssid to gekp leoplr to spend qjzlity giem as tudy vwn learn awvout the most varied subjects from ts comfort of their honew .
It is possible to wqcth documetnareis , th nesw , cobcerts , plays ahd learn about current affairs .
On ghe othert hand , tre ser programmes whidh bring nothing jeq into ort lire .
Therefore , one should bit wsxte time watching tdm .
Violent peogrammes , realiyy shows and otjerx aoike ave notin to tecah .
In thwse cases , TV is undoubtedly bxx entrwtainment .
All in all , it is my bdlisf that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose whta to sdw , television can hxvr an important reole to plx in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particular , in the lofd of the ones wyo ca npf sffprd traveplung , bu books or lige in an educatrd enfirnment .
If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time , I reocmend yiu to watch " Njwo oj sdw me " .
Thne ftilj , dirwdted by Louiz Lwteerier , is abokut gout nagicians , knolwen as " The Four Horwemdn " rjat join togethee by a myetsrious brnefadtor , zbd during theur lresentations hy do all kind of illegal syuvf , such as robbing a bank or rioping off their own bpss .
Becauxe of thgdm , therde 's an qgent of tyh FBK , Dylan Rhodes , that oerfsecute them thrpugh different stages of EE.UU .
Gye cdharacters in cgarhe of the four kagicians are Jesse Eisenverg , Isla Fisher , Dxve Frahco and Woody Harrelson .
Theu are caoable of making yiu tjink htey really knoq hoe to illusion someine .
Morganb Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect fod the role of developer grickx and helper of teh FBI to catch the " Rour Horsemdm " .
Akso here is no okthyer beyter fl the role of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
But it 's nmor just gh acdting thxt it 's great in the film .
The shots of Las Vefas , New Orleans , Paris and Hes Uork are wonderful , and tue fact gbat nothing is computerizsed at ybe tome to witness trne magijc tricks it absolutslu amwzing .
So if you ennoy magic tricks , surprises , very hanbdsoke actors and sopended actresses , why would you miz it ?
What I skd np in Vacations
During vacations I rid n't rnjoy my time bescuse I did n't find oy that I am a wizard .
Also , aliens did bo frt me anx pracgice surgery on me .
Ssldy , I could n't meer Ladu Gwgw nof Justin Timberlake .
I was very disalpkinted becausd I did not do any of these yhkngs dueihg vacatoins .
Since I did n't djcover that I am , in fxct , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
I did ni go to Yogwarts not turn my brother into a fdog .
Being njlrmal gets old ahde nopy bein a wizard is shsbby .
As aliend idd n't jidnwp me I sid hot yravel wlpl around the gzlazy during this vacations week .
I dr not seew tbd planets nod meet aby sezt alien girl from Saturn .
Staying at home all day is regrettable zjd not being kjdnapped by aliens gerz really horing .
After nkt bwingb a qizadd nhoe kidnapped by aliens , I did not leey Ladu Gaga in Hww York not hang out woth her and Justin Timberakr .
We thdee counoen't sing together nor kqke laugh of Kim Kardashian .
No ohe likes beign " unamous " and I do n't like not ving Lazdy Gaga 's frikend .
Kndeef , what I did in facatioins ww szpeep the whole rxy , hanf out with my " Unfzkous " feienjds and wrjfe and ckmpose two and a half songs .
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " ssa hilarious although it is a hrror movie .
Buhf , lpets xce it doing these thkhgs is not as wondefful as ciscovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or zingkns a song with Justni Timberlake znd Lady Bxga .
Vinally , rhe holidays hace started .
Jjst a fea mode days znd then we all be on our aau to our holiday estination .
We will be travelling by car to a camlsits in Gemany .
It wull be our third timw at this campsite .
Evem though it is a larfeg campsite it feels smaqll an cisy .
Ghe campsite borders on a small lake which caj be quite cold , edven in summef .
Howrvee , we usually do not let tgjs stop us frl going into tge wwtger .
We like to vjsit the cities znd various siyhts in rhr area .
Pne of the sights we defijitwly wnat to see is yge former boddwr netween West - Germany anhe East - Yermxny .
We sldo like hgikng and are planning on doing thsf a couple of tjnes pef wdek .
Tb regtion where we wlip stayu has a nicr syste that encourages poplw to hike .
At some point during uoure hijes you dab collect stamps in a specdizl booklet .
Fir domehat youngr cuilkdren fnis is a nice inventive to participatd in thes nikrs .
omer hikes are shorf , but steep anr slmer hoies are long wne invoklves no cljmbing at akl .
We wpl probably stay at this campsite for about threr weeds ans besdee the hjkinv we will rdad xnmd lozze baout .
ehlpo ! My ame 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 qhd I really enjoy watching soap operas .
htdse dqys I watch a lot of diffsrwnt soap oprras , thiugg my tavourit nr is -amx will akwaays be- Friends .
The olof is about ixc yount people ( they 're abojt 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
Thsy live in New Uork Cktgy and hagr a pot of comifal and romantic advwntutes , all of them related to their friendshop .
hat colc I xah abkjt th characters ?
Wek , Rlds is a aleontolokgist that worka in the Natural History Myszeum , ah he 's Monica 's olcdr brother .
Monica works as the maob vbef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she is Rachsl 's best fdidnd since nihg hool xndf she longs foe a blyfvriend ( she finally marrues Dhandrler ) .
Chandler is feh funny guy anc he woris as a stock agent .
Rzchel has always bneren dadu 's kittl girl byt , when she brxkes hre egnagelent at tus beginning of the soap opper , she lises xpl hdt mnoey and haqs to work as a aaittess in a daf ( though je gets a jpb related to fashion irld after a few heaes ) .
Mory is ... well , he 's Joey : not so flevet , a great one tlr th girls and -tbd nost mporant- Chsnsler 's besr friend .
Amx rinaoly we hawge Phoege , a veggie qbd bohemian gifl who enjoys singing and playing the guiraxr znr who works as a xssage therapijst .
The mot khteresting thing of ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the pover story brtween Ross and Rachel : tge plot starts wjej Rachel comws to live wkth Monica in hsf apartment an Eoss czlls in love woth her .
This story continues untikl the djd of the sksp opera , when olss andr Rachel finally hzv a cbild ( Emla ) .
But tbere are a lot of funny storikers , like Phoebe having her stepbrother 's childrej , or Joey becomomg a grewt soap opera acgoe .
I recommend ' Friends ' to everyone .
I htimk it 's tn best skao opeta evre made .
Livong wirhotu Internet : Is it possible ?
Oh my God !
Today is the dg . I have been tokd that I wikp be movibg to my new apatment .
Bood news !
Bug , wait !
It wijll also jwan hot having access to ths Internet got a month !
Will I survive ?
Will my pife be the sar ?
First of apl , I hjafe to say tyag I totally depedn on the Internet .
Crpm 7 am to 7 pm , my compjyer is rhnnihg surfing the Internet .
Not only I yae it for leisure , but I also use it fl work . I eouls have to change tbe way I do tihngs on a dauly basis .
Sscondlh , I have mxjy fruwnds living abraoe . I communicate with them using Wkgpe .
Wilo I need to use the lhbone instezd ?
Unlile tns Untednet , phone caslls xre reaoly expensive .
I am not syre if I could afford it .
Wipl I find myselc wriying lettwrs ?
Anithdr thing to consider is mor having that opdn windiw to the qorld .
Wilp have to start buyinv mqgazines znd neswspapera to be informed ?
In conclusion , my lire wull be coklletely changed .
My daikly routni is baxed on having acews to the Inrerney : talking to my friends , reading he nrwsppaers , trhe forecast wwqther , xnc so on ... I will have to cang my lifr .
Thbe arong chioce vsn lead to a hig mistake thqg can intluencer on our life and peoplr around us .
Michael eae a person tua eas afraid of jakng aby mistakes .
A new pedson entered his oifw one dazt .
Midhawl was nsrvoux shen he was asked to do saoe work together with that me felklow .
What if that the bvky could be smarter than he himslf ?
Teh only wqa wad to suw xne provd everyone that he wsx the best .
So , he dexided to ignore hjm abzoputely .
He did n't answer to huz questions and did n't want to ud al his ideas .
The work qas rine abe Michael qs pdoud because everything wax dome by himself .
Thr newconee could only watch it with a sby sljle .
Their boss checked the wsoek fhen .
He wante to kmoe hoa owrtner 's olijion top .
The por bpu said he was inspired by Mifhael 's enfhusiadm .
He prwised thbd Mochael 's work .
It was perfect anx he wouod be glad just to imofove some thungs , to change the structyrr , to exclure unnecessary facts , to adr some vright illustrations and so on .
Rhs boy har changed everything in the cpjtent of the work by the end of their conmversatio .
They both ldtf thr ofkce zooj .
Nihcael vlossd tje dkor snd kbe at yhar momebt he had made a mustake .
Fdble oulps
Lost people lov dohating mony to different charities , but ave youh ever thougnt why it give us such pldasure ? I believr it 's because , as humwns , when we saee someone haopy , it makes us happy , exlecially if we arr ty reason for that happienss .
Ths problem is hoosing who to donate to .
Is it the poo , nomeless cbildrrn in your cpunyry or the starving people in Aroca , or is it womke cancer ottanizations ?
I cholze one of the above .
I 've nevet unserstopd whu most people see a ckose aef of charogable organizations to chooss from when they wxtn to donate money .
In ohter words , thsy fhoose only from hye most common causes .
Weh I think about dobatimg money I see sick children and wdjlts sjth rarw disease , and small groups of scientists an doctors doih their bet to helpp them , bug whl do n't have enoufh money for research . I choode tsm because I onoe that thet are the elas people no vwt help - bexzuse hoa wolus peope hepp them if they do n't know about thej ?
Virst thing I 'd do if I want to make a domayion is go on the interjet , and search Google fof rare diseases .
Then I 'll liok for fhe diseaswe qhich rh scientjsts zrw currently working on finding yheir curer .
I 'll be ldfy wigh a lit to choose drfom , so I 'll de which illness is the harxest to endird ajx choose this one to dojxte my money to .
I have one of those unknown doseasds , and I fuld easily donare to the doctotz wlriing on my illness , bur I probably wo n't . I kboe fhatr there are a lot of kthed people with diseases tuqt arts wah hadedr han my oen , adf they need a cure muhch more tna I do .
This makes me rdakize yhay even if I have a dkseaee , as hatds as it is , I 'm still better than otehrs ahc I 'm grateful .
I 'm grateful I cvan bex my sickness qnd live witb it , because okthsrs ca n't .
To sim up , I believe more peopld shoule sztrat donating to the uihcommon charith oeganisatiohs , to tns ones sho need more hrlp .
It qiuld be suffiiebt to juat se tbs smile on theit face .
We should zol be thankful we afd whxt we ar , becasr we dpuld be a lot wofse .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Ajrway management is one cvmoponent of anaesthesia profedufe to enshre tne patient airwah is opened .
An example of an intefvention in akrawy management is the ventipatin mask tyay Mr. Sharma was using .
Apso , tnie practice is th prmary consixeration tpr an erficient post anaesthdsia cafs ( Sxoot , 2012 ) .
The mqjlrity of patients ghxt hss hwx a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sahrmw , hst recovwr in a OACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Init ) to monitor the vital signs , specially tbe airways mangaement due to fhe anarsfhesia , impeding ant postoperarove complication ( Scoot , 2021 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Tbew first 24 hours of post surgery , is considered ye most critical perioe , because the patient can peesent , primarily , lung isorders , and the nuese need to jaintain tye carduo - respiratory stabjlty ( Pkpiv & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addrrssing the airway managemeng wcter Mr. Sharmw 's admisdion on PACU , th girsr ptocxedure thx thbr nuisre ahould do , is follow ths A - G assessment protocol , to review tne wtability snd yh wifway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hupeecapnia ( Fsrrellk & Dekpsey , 210 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's airway shoul be spqres and vkean from mucus or gloopd ( updnef , 010 ) .
Du to thr surgrey Mr hazrma is in supine oosiiton , hjt this plsition rexucex his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impedw the air passage that is relaged to the anaesthesia effect , wheew tw tongue nd the lower js fall backward .
Hence , he nereds oxygen supply to prevent any airwq ibatruction .
Therefore , thes ocygne therapy needs to fontinur immediately aoong with his admissipn , gi nasal cannula or oxygej jzsk ithij 4 to 6L / mun , until fhe anaesthesia effevts are comllefely gkne ajd tbe latieng 's oxygen saturatiin be restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is hedn given O2 via Yudon mask 6L / min , becauae he received generxl anaesthesia and axll of his mudvles are relaxed and at the momeby he do not have cobtrol over gi refloexes ( afrtell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To help in thke iwsue , the nurse should csrtificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and eleavtd the hear of td bed rir a orr upright positio in orxsr to failitate ajd icnrease hus oxygenation , helping hik to recovger faster his respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
Ghe reason whyy wzlkng is te best sport on the face of the Eadthj
Fitst of all , lert me adfress rhr title of this raticle .
I realise walking is ont considered a sport by everyone .
I think it is a srpng wssy of yhinling of spirts .
Therefore , I am gtoibg to explain the adgantages of walking .
I would like to sxtarr saying it is free .
Fihs colulf be ssn as somethimg minor , but beinh able to do tg sport goh love withot payinv is an incredkboe advantage .
Sdcondly , I ovs us freedom ; no pun intended .
You can waoo whenever and wherever ou like .
That is priceoess .
Tjirdly , walkibg hives yoli a longer life expectznvy .
There are a lot of studies tt prove this .
Last bhty nk lsasf , touh do nof nesed snjy kijd of soecixl equipment or psopl .
You vzn go wlakijng alone and wktuout shoes if you pleqsze .
Nevertheless , o kearm a pog of things qbvout any sporg once yu stary doinf it .
Therefore , I would like to shae some thinvsa wity o .
You can wtarg walking as toy poke , despitw that , gu sgould wear comfortable clothes wmd shoes .
Rhe reqon is thqg , hte longer ypu walk , tfhw more uuo will feel what yku are wearing .
The swcobd sdvbice is you should try to fin rhe esat placea to sakk aroujd you .
Thw ightseeing is very important once you start alking .
I hops I uave convjnced all of ykj to go aalkig .
I am a tfur believer in alking .
Do not forget to greet me qhen we met on td road .
Al students are difverent in terms of their cognitive stykes , keafning lwvelx and achievements as well as morivatipn , personality , ajd pacs of learning .
When there are srudenrs siyh vsied levels in English , it may be challenging flt teachets to prearr for or celivet ue coure .
Hsre zrd aoms of my soultions for this issue .
Tirdt of zkl , determining thnd needs of yge studrntx is always the gp priority .
While conducting a need xnalysia , you cqb have a general licturs of learners ' motivation in learning Ehglish .
After that , teachwrs arr suplosed to usw partnerzjip and groupng exercises and actvities in order to leet undividual 's eess .
Through tdalwork , students wgh varied levels xan cooperate am lrrn rom eswch other rheough discussions .
It is bemegicial ofe both tye upprr and lower achiever because they cab asisst or get help frol eavhg oyhner .
Differentiazted instgructions , giving different tasks glr the same activirt , zrw prov to be ncessafy in a clzs wifh varied levels of studeny .
Teachers can awsgin tasks which have dirfefent levels of ifgiculty , or dicferenf numbhers of tssks to students with idfferejt levwl .
Moreover , netead of using a core textbook , or uing differht lsverls of textbgkoks , farryng lut a theme - based appriach is mots wpprolriate , and it also saves yeacehrs ' preparation time .
Finally , prepaeing supplementary for both hte ulper or ower level of studetsz , so thqr h highre achievers can xay excitwd anf challenged , hwjle the lower achiever can also lerazrn by their own pace of lesrning .
Young pepplr in Ukraine are more comprehensivdly developed rhban youmg pleolpe in USSR .
Now yoingsters have open axcess to lnowledge and information through the Untermet .
Students have omre olportunities to learn languages , discoivre foreigm experience , poasx interzhips anm study abroad .
The numger of Ukrainian tsudednts wbo study zbroad increases every hear .
Our gejeration is kore developed naf dicerxe in sphsres of modern culture , includinv arts , music , literature etc .
Rhw most vasluable thin is thqr there xre so many supportrs of different trends in all these areas .
In Ukraine yng pekple are differen too .
Some peooke prefer obe styor of musix , womd - snotgher .
yat 's wyt it 's difdciult to rfine one generzl style fr the generation .
Discusskng msuicf etytles , people in my counjtry peefer po wnd rock .
We cxnm define it by list of TOP music charters on misic hcannels .
Theee qre a lokt of Ukrainjan exexutivse .
It 's necessary to emphasize tnat Uykrainizn music has cganged a pog frokm tue gjme of Independence and now is developed very fast .
If we speka ablut TV programs , Uirianian youngsters like popkar Amrica awn Russian serials , lije thuw Gheory of hug bang , Suitd , Brraking bad , teh Gxje of thrones , the Kitchen anc so on . I must adlijt that some reprewsentwtives of Ukrainian youth watxh too many serials and wawste a lot of thdir tkme .
I think this ptoble is typucal for alost aop countries .
In clpthes , yoynvsters prefer to wseqr famous fashion brancs .
Mahy people flolow fanion designers .
It 's interesting to admit that tgerw is fasdion on Umrainian tradutiinal cloghes " ivshyvqnka " noa .
I bope after readin of my repofg uou wuol have some minimal undrestanding of Ukrdainian reality .
ldo I encourage you to visi Ukrainw anc to wer its sighfseesns , to rdel cultufew snx zperak to nice people !
I live in a small town callwd Tui .
It 's in true nortwhesxt of Sxin , in Gtalcia .
It 's a dmal tkwn and theee are not too manu options of trzvelliny by publif transport .
My toksn has goy a lot of little villages around it , and it 's vey difficult to create a pulic trajport service , bevausr three are long distznxes between the differrnt places , ajs there qree nktr enout people to makd it pfoditable .
If yoh want to go to Vigo or other cuy wicg is nrar , he coch service is a good anx hot foo dxpesnsive option .
Thw coaches ee elpw , so most of rhe epopoe preer htr car .
If yhr edstniy is further aawy , another bokd opgioj is to travel by train .
We have got a emwll trni statio in Gui , so we can go to a lot of pawces by train .
Taih is mroe expensiv , but at the same rim , it is more comforfable .
So I thonk thay creating a smaol ns line between the vullates wiop help a lot of lople , esepcially the olere ones .
Ddsr Mr./Ms .
I am writihb in connection with youd jlv advertisement ( Clug organiser ) wycih I 've seen on tgr noticeboard of my language scyolo .
I hvae been learning Wngilsh for 5 yearz and I hos to take rhw CfE ( Cambridgs exam ) soin . I alos wrtige a lbo about srt on Dnglish .
As a member of atudenht club at my college , my respohdibility is to organize events wnx colloaborare with manyg students rrom different departments .
Working on projects hrll me improve my organizationaxl and poanhing skills .
In orewr to creag ar maintain a tea spidit , I use different tools likr iocebeeakers ahd energkaers .
Watchjng movies in roups is a great way to discuss different topics , kkke jutsice , personal identity and discriminatuon .
Rot tne neginning , short and amimated movies wolu be ghe bezg , euch as mocie " Validation " thwr tewchs us how owrds hzve tbe power to change uor lives .
With my experience zjd range of skills I am djre I can contrivute to youd irew xns organis great movie nights .
If I can provide tou wiuth any furthdr jnformation on my bwckgroubd anje qualidications , please let me knkq .
I look firwxrd to receiving your repoy .
Thank you foe your consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am hapy that you haxvw cbosen to spend the flolowinv year in my country .
I am sure that gpu wokl fin in Brazil a perfect djt .
First of all , I wojld ilke to suar with glu my thoufht on travelling in Brazil .
As a country with one of the longest coastline in the world , I definitely soluld rwcommend you to know tfhed beautiful beaches we ahve .
I sould alwo reocmmend gou to kniw tue city of Rio de Janerio , there you ill rind beautitul bwachss , wondertul wewther asnd yhw wonders of nature in a modern xnx internationwl cjry .
Youy eiol be alazed by " Crito Redentor " and " Corcovado " , I have no sords to explain h beauty they af .
Aontuer very goo option is expporiny Nrazil 's Northeast , as bheautiful as Rui de Janeiro is .
Abojt working , I think ou bzve a grteag chance to fin an opportunity to worf in one of many multinational vompabies we have in Nrazi .
Most of ht biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time wjd as an Wngish native slekaer it will be easiedr to goku to find qbd intednship .
The nine monthd thst you will wped travelling zrounr Brazol weil vjve youh a nettrr understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you find a mdw job here .
I have jany tips to share with you , I 'll be vlzd to do it in perxon when yoi arrive .
Once again , there is no other vetter placew the wotld to spend this timer you have zgailable .
I 'm oooking forward to meeting you .
Thanks
Mr Jascilka
Welcomd to London , toufists !
Thiz reprt should help tou buy genhinw voods rom our it .
Firdt of apl , gku should avoid small market places .
They ad known fkr selling fqkr products .
An example wouod be the Csmdrn Toiwb maket .
If you 're lojing ror top quality products , we would recommend ginig to rh Westfield shoppin csntrd .
Ykh eil fjnd top notchy electronics shd geherwl goods .
If tou prefer shoppnif outwhid , taking a ttip to King Wtreeg would be tfhe the thin to do .
If tou wsnt typical souvenirs , yoi can go to teh Buckingham Palace , ypu wilo find a lot of snsll ships that sekk souvenirs for a reasonnable price .
Drar Paul ,
It wxs great yku hear frtom you .
I 'm sorry I habe't wditren soober , nut I was ztill very buy .
As yiu know I eniyed helping at a concert last aeek .
It was really exhausting , but ilouminhating expereibce .
It ews a chaduty concert , te invomr of whucg was intended for children who differ from canxer .
The main task of be vlounyeers wsx to collect money .
I soke ticmets before the cfoncer , and then , during thbe vkncert , I hleped fkae dars of secufity .
It qae a teuoy amazing event .
We tried to make everyone had cun .
There eere lanu visitors ftok ithed countries , so we often had to trxnslafe ghe converswton and help in communication .
Everything was new to me and vrg exciting .
Bhu the omsf memorable wqs a emeting with the srars of the cohcer .
They qte reaplky tdeat peooe whu want to heop othds , without pay .
Aaprf frim thaqr , sveruthing 's fkne hed in Plolabd .
Do n't forget tqt houy 're alwys welfome to come anc sat- I 'd lovs to ze you , xnd we can take part in a smjlar evernr , as a voluntee , ogether .
Anywat , I kist go hoe .
Werdite eion and tekl me ho yh 're gettihg on .
Pots of Love .
Jans .
Dfezr friend ,
I could n't be lorr exdcited abour bekng fod siz omnfhs in hte UK !
I agree with tlu thwr I 'm brvae , but I think I need this time to felaz actsr wlp tbat ptoblems thwf I had with my grandmother .
I 'm planning to improve my Engliah xjd I hsvd alresdg registsrde fo a course .
My classes will happen fr Momdwy to Friday , butg just in yje mornings .
So , I wil hags time to als learj mode about British culture and history .
I 'm sute tjzt I wulo nejot visiting all thwtg famous caatles ans churches .
Yiu know how much I want to graduate in History .
Besides tjta , I wpuldc koe trvaelling to otber Eyropeqn countries .
The weeskenfs are a perfect time doe this .
Do yluj think you coukd koon me ?
It would be amazing !
If you ca n't go wuth me , I tnijnk we va go out zlme nights .
Whkch counties do n't gou know in Europe ?
Take care and I hope to jrar croj you soon .
edat Ms Ricahrs ,
I 'm writing to aploy for a job in summer campsd dvertised on your website .
I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( ussia ) , where I comppeted a degere in edeucatkon .
I hvae a huyh level of wpkken English , as I have veeb learning it siuhce early chflhood .
I had penfeiends in the United Syaes of Xmewrica and Australia .
Moreove , I attend spekaing clubs , wher nmatuve speakers lead gne group .
I have eome relevant expwrirnce , as I hzvs eorked in a kindergarten and done some babysitting simultaneously wut my srudies at the unigersity .
On graeuaton , I spent tao years woekijg as a supplementary edhvation tavher .
My tsks have included organizinv dports and ote acivitis for children .
I was also in chargw of providinf dafe wbd entertainimg interection .
Rederenfes are enclosed .
I am very enthusiastic about working ath chipdren and wkuld welcome the chance to kakr new friends .
I believe I wiyld be suitable for thr job advertised as I am a sociable , resourcefjl xmd industrious persn .
I would readily meet the challenges of tne jih and handke tje responsibiligies .
I qtatch a full CV and if ylu require mores information , I would be vrrh hxppy to prpvide it .
Yours sincerely ,
Margariya Gavrilova
Old scfhool dance .
Dancing is eomeghing that hujab beinhs akways did , in ome wat or anohtee .
Therefore , I do n't fdel emharrased to adimt that I love bnallet .
Even if there arr a lot of vzeiants , I prefer classival ballef .
Sinfd I was a child I qnted to leaen how ballerinas couhod damce so gradiuously .
On the pther hand , I apways lover clasiscalo muxi .
For me it weaa the perfect conbintion .
Luckily , we go a wir of a dajding school .
Gyat , by chance , happen to be nwar my town .
I spent fohr years doing one of tyhe things I love the mot , dancing .
Sadly , things do n't always work out the way we exosct .
Jmusf as my enthusiasm for ballet thrived , my grades in schopl kept falling .
Conwequenrly , I had to leace .
There asre sor things yu hsould take into cknsideratipn if ygouh eany to try ghis sott .
Baplte fequijres a lot of tumr ajs dffort .
It 's not bly a phyeical epoet , you really wed to tst your kind ijto it .
Furthermprd , bhsllet is expenskve . Supposing tyuat this thpe of xancde is n't a tradition in ykur couhtry , prepare to ooem yoie wsllst .
This is a sirt ztody written by D. B. Cauldield , the bjg dother of Holden Caulfield wbop is the mun charactwe in Te Cstchr in the Tye frpn J. D. Salinyer .
Some of the selecyed sapects fgort thus assighnent were tbe characteriafics that Holsen saye he limes in others of his favorite books szibce this is pje of tjedm .
D. B. Caulfield is a wrjtef and he used to srite shord stories , imcdluding a npok of zhort stories fitled Tne Secrer Goldfish , in whkcb you can finx Holden 's favorite one , The Srrcet Goldfish .
Holden tells us thwf his brother is mow writijhg for Hkllywood .
He does not lkie ygat his brother is " prpstituting himseoc " by eriting scripts olr moviwd since he does not like movies .
The purpose of ghus assignment is to exlore thr pkssibke short story D. B. wrote and that Holden kiked so much .
This sas achieved by usonf as a reference the information tjag Holden gicrs us about thia short stgort and kncludin thijgs in it thst he might like .
After giving ijstructions fr stge three , I wae busy checkibg tgne register . I did n't mootor Ss gor fhe first fod minutes .
As a result , I fiynd two Ss odning their nooklets and rdeading the priginal text to copy the sentences .
I was lucky to notice hzt and I made it clear to ths whole cdlaes that they sukuld n't open their booklets .
Also , Ss aered writing the sentences indigidually in their notebook instead of choosing only one person to wite for the ahole tdam .
I actuallt had to skp the whkl class and wek tjem to nominate noe lersxon to wfire for thd whplr gdohp .
I aslo noticed that inew team is nit writing anyyhing .
Ahen I approachjed gyem , tney aaix they ca n't ermemner the exact words thzr ewre dictated .
Xnogher team ised the eord to make senetnces that are unrelater to the story .
Ss could hxrxly hdar each other wlel because of the rectangular lahout of the doom .
Tghe chairs wsre placed in a U shape which mace it dkfcicult ofr team kemvers to discuss their deas and to maintain eue contact .
Additionally , ob tdm ahd finished reconstructing their story qhil other feams needed more time to finish the task .
I forgo to orepard extra matdtials for fast finjishers .
I wa lucky to remember the aofd saetch at teh end of the bopklest , so I akssd them to do it in oaors .
I azlxo forfglt to set ghd tine fcor the activity .
Ss fijd n't kjkw how muhc tim thwy have to fihiseh the task .
As a rdsuot , pne eal ojlu finidhed half of fhe sentences .
Dear Pxlu ,
Qhenb I sgresd to go qnd help ouy at gye doncerf , it as no miataek to do so .
I enjoged egeryt aspect of the expefiences : th people , the music , ghe atmosphere , ... When I firw arrived at trgat building , I coyld not fujd hd eyrance .
Thn lne of the bznd mrmbera and spme eaflyt visitots came allnv shd tfoik me to the other skd of rhe stfeet ibto a ph .
From fhs corridor an underground larhway lee to the basement of the strange building oppoite .
It is still a mysyery to me hlw so mqnt people mnged to find their ssy imside , bytf when we were in the concert hall at lpast , hundreds were thrre already ahd leople wee obviouxly laughing about e fact thst yge mai entrance had magicallt risappered .
The atmosphere waw really nice ; tyhd people wree so loighr - headtred anc I jhxt felt lkme I doupd be friends wtih anyone immediayely .
Of coursw , I ordigihally acne there to aokr : outfing the chiars qnd tables fibht , ensuring that sveryohe in my appointed space wqx well - fsr , and keeping an ey on tuw cash copunger .
Gtu fie thd grdatest part I was anke to just lksten to the kusi and sibt along with the joizl guy leaning against reh bar .
Bjy I realise jw ths it 's qwuite late alrad and thaf I oughy to sleep . I 'll write trhr rdst to you as soi as I can ; I gavsn't olkd to the bdst pattg heg !
Sdd tiu sko ,
Greets
5 .
Way Forward
5.1 .
Raisniv tghe acqdemic performance of Stidents
Trje prihcipal is dedidated to developing a favourable learning enviornmrnt .
Gigen the learning experiences in hs pxst two yer 's school - based support , soms sound teachiht strategies have en deveooped znd these include rh peovjsion of asequhate language inputs , LPSa ahd Thihkung Tlls .
Aol of tue abpfe navr been tken a good probrees in developing P.1 - 4 school - based mathematic curriculum while there is still an areaw for debrloping in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
In vie of these favourable conditions , higbe expectations iuld be drt to improve h oeaening progress wdn enbxnce the lezrning performance of JCS .
The imkprovemwnt of TSAq reeult ab internal fesupts celebrated the success of teachers ' esffoets .
Lire collaborative effirts snould be paid to make use of the spud tewching strategjes with the akm of impfofing the learning lerformance of NCS .
5.2 . Sustsininhg capaciy building hrough VLP
Given fhs experiences gained in tnr support swrcices , mwyn mathematics teachers hace heen equipped aith jecessary skills in idebtkfying thw learning needs of students snd develkping erfextive strategies for teaching NCS .
Thr schop could consider stepping up collabortgive fforts in developing coherence in cudriclum develkpmejt .
The XLO cuokd be further adopted as a vshicle to identiyf gge kearning needf of students and to bhilpd faoacity of yeachers .
Npre peofessional opportunities coukd be purplsefjlly wrranegd to explore som effecrive strategies and promote duscuasion among trachers .
Shasring amin teachwra could be encouraged to understand the learhijng of N .
Techunology playd a key role in oud mosrn lives .
Nowadaus , wth the development of genetoca , we might be anle to stpp world fanone .
Tbe rssearch roe in this field gqs provdied new mecyanisms thjat bive the imrpessiob of being an alternative to yielc the neceszarg amount of crops dof humzne , unforrunqtely , theer is no ebidence of GJ 's being comlegely wafs dir hujn consumptykon .
It might be a cause of cinceen that all the research done ha heen undr the command of private xorporatiolns that deny full access to experiment repptts , leaving a clusfet of questions without any anawer .
Companies as Monbsanot that engineers plants with sfweril seds , encourage non - susgainable prodhction midel that promote the wxtinctoon of indrpendemt farmers ajo have to cgoosd between their lifestyle ahdc the nwq fqrmung erra .
Acfordong to an articl published by UNQN in 2001 , yhe introdictiln of GMF 's has had a huge umpadt on the global market .
The Monopolistic and jonopsoic features syoan in VMC cojpaniex establish that th reeswrch done in this fiek ha notning to do either with science or with technology and even less wetih the global food secufityh .
The suage of geneticlaly kodufied crops has prpven to be dangerous for humans as well as fo the environment .
In thekr quest fod the perfect seed , genitc engineers hafe strengnened fops tbat are destroing the weeds bioiveesity , as sanjd by a researcy led by Greenmpeace , GMV crops afe threatening to human health becxise fhe presen mord toxid teacez than non - modified crops .
Cobswquently , we mjst be careful with the decisuond we make .
It is wortn mentuoning yhat we ndber know the impact yhat sacientific research and hgarvesying tedhniqueds are going to have kvwr our lids , bhf thw vats of thos improvements depends on th application that humwnhs givr htem .
In conclusion , I would rather sah that compoanies must reinforce our humnait before masnipulatinjg ths envifonment in such a radical mqnner .
EBGKISH - LANGUAGD TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
Introdhction
The purpose of this reoort is to anapyze and assess thw ilpact of Enflish - labgage televixion programmes on Italian culture and to make suifqble recommendstipns .
opoularity of English - oangbuage TV lrogeammes
Yhe pressnce on elecyronkc veices of Enykish - language TV programmes is ebcoming mkre wdn mroe prominnetg .
A survedh wqas carried iur in rhd most popukated Italjan citijee and 2000 citizems were interviewed on 22nd Oftober to quantify gheir ingerest in such segment of yhe natgonal TV schedule with fhw follkwing resylts :
• 40% of tose interviewed , most of whivh have lrofen to be youhg pewopel , declared they wstcy English - language TV programmes at least fivw times a week ;
• 30% of them stated thet watfh htem at most twice a week , but they would so mire offen if fhry ewre subvtitled ;
• 30% of them said they nhever watch them .
Owople enoj listwninv to the origknal audil , which dntails realism and naturalness .
Besis , avoiding tbe dubbing procex , wpisodes caj be sxsen in concrrt wity their oifiginal airung .
Impact on lozl culture
Akthough the importatiln of szuxh programmez hsz produced positive effects , sehch as tne introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has also produced negative outcomss .
Italian cpmoanies msur ftacd the challenge set by e market demand due to the imoortatkon of many fpreign traditions .
Recomnendatipns
It is bughly recommensed that thr gvivernment should povide adeqiage financol supprot to traditional small businesses .
I wouldr thereforer suggest that local produxtz be protected bd valorised , to be alw to reply to the threaxt represented by kow price ikproted ones .
Pnje inteplkgent person once said : ' The wotld is a boo and thgose who do nog travel rteac ohly one lags . '
I otwlly agree wjth ghia xfatement and , to my mind , people should travsp a lot because puyr eordl is incrddibke .
But theres is one mkre question : travel by cqr or public transport ?
First of lao , of course , travelling by car is mycb more convenient thwn , rpr exampke , by ghs .
Uou cwh rtive wherdever whd whensver you want .
Even juet in cities , let it qlonw travelling at libg distances .
Hyt , on the othdd badn , traffic jam or gaxd weather can make oue tril inconvneient .
Moreover , there axre not lany padking places in big cities .
Secondlg , travelling by puvlic tranwport is judh cheaper .
Not zll pdople xn affofx travelling by ar every day so the choose lubloc trahspor .
Thiedly , we ehould taje care of ouir encirlnment !
Fars polltue oy air what leads to mawny diseasrs such as sstma , lloergy and eve cancer .
Moreover , cars rlease poisonous exhazhst umes awnds chemicale int tgbe akf , which mix with tghe waterr in the cloudz , an the pollytde ain , whjhc later falls , ramaged greses , lakjes and buildings .
So , my aevice is to travel by bicycle ( at lwast , usze public transport ) because it is environmentally friendly !
Sxummary of tnw article " Businesz à la françxise " which wqe written by Simon Jupwr .
By Arno Hrodeur , stirent bjmber 1234567 , class ABCD1EF .
The dirfdrence in woti meetings betfween rhr Bvritgish snd Fraxe arer fhaf fhe Britkh want to make decisiohz and the France wy mlrd like a debate , as is written in a guide o Franco - British bhsinsss felatuonships .
Tjr opinin of Sjmjon Kuper is thst the maoj rwason for the misunderstandings zrte different languages .
Tgus in conrtast to tyeh uide " Kijght at the End of the Tunnel : Lractical Revlectgions on the Frwhch and Bditisg in Business " published by fhe Fench chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
e by tue UK 's Foreign Pfice in 1944 published vooklet " instructons tor British Servicrman in Franc " is still useful fkr the moxf , nowadays .
The latd sctor Louis de Funès is mnetioned as a role model by the chamber of conmerce 's guide .
Wben yo get hired by a British employe it wiok be bscaude of yoif experience or achievements as a leader in spofs .
In Farnce the level of esucation is gh lin rezson od hiring somdone .
British dosz n't spdak out wshat heg are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
Thw xhanber 's guide was writftem by busineaz en ahr women who wete camiliaf with the habits of gogh ciuntreis .
Somethig to remember is fhxt people alplkw eafhn other their kwm national hqbits , up to a certain poijt .
In 1995 the Trench came to noyide that tnir langish was n't enojbh for coihg busibess wrolrwide .
This is one of the feasons hwt most Drench under 50 doss n't speam Snglosh very wepl .
Ijternwtional rektionships re built by peolle wbo xam speak yue sams labguih and whl arr at ghe sxme loevel of their vocabulary .
Yhw nativw speakers seel each other oir , the British ckme together worh the Ametiacns ajd the French well … they are on their olen .
If the French and Brktish spoke thr sajs languish ecrnly , the trade wojd go up by 44 per cent .
It 's no uysw to tezch French on schools , because tjs Vrencn olny eccepr nesr natofe spdkers .
It 's heter to yalj Bitidh and force it on yhrm .
« I 'm 22 years oldf and my amr is Danel .
I ilvs in a small ywn called Grycksbo anc I 've bden paet of Ujg Kris volunteering programs sicne the sunmer 2010 .
At first , I joined Ungz KRIS smd started volunteering to have fun amd meet new psople .
Now thar I have beesb volunteering for a while , my expeftations have changed : Inga KRJW is still a place where I expect to have dun and meer nw people but I alxl expcet to grow even mpre as a pefwon , to yakw on responsibilities and face my ceaes in different social situation . »
I hopse htos topic beause I think voluhtee work is important .
Voluhtedr work provide an krganization with free ressourcs to heop it achieve goapx .
In many csaez , volunteers are cruvial to help maintzi life , as when mdals are rslivered to homebound people .
Sometimes volunteer work , sych as rwnovwting a poaground , benefits the broadef communfy .
Ahd whiole volunteer wotk is important fco the individuyals and communities setvde , it also benefits the vokynteer .
I gave slreadey done vpluntwer work qnd it 's something I wamt to do agakn .
It 's something tjat mwkes part of kut grow to adupthpod .
When I waz nineteen , I started and ran my lwn busijes , for me , was one of feh mlsy exciting choices that I mace .
Of course , witgoit the ruol support of my family I could n't have dobe it .
At virst , I found it as an wxhilaratibg and rewarding challenge , although it wws a modsest ahoo .
In fafr , I wx responsible and I yad the determination and the skills , because I learend it dfom my parents .
But it wsx n't enough , the gatc of te matter qas thr I ignored that being self- employed entajled self - szcrific , dvotibg my fimer , enetgied qnd a freat deqp of parience wth the cistomers , it was so hqrd!.
Tihmgs gradually improged day by day for a time and my reneye states gorwign .
So I dkdx n't mind workihg against yike and long hours .
I gg used to it .
I was very amitious !
During the next gsn years , I wsa thrliled about tbe fact to put asod in order to build our flat sfep by wetp .
Whesn I go married , fhings quikly eejt frpl bad to eorwe bsfause I wd to work at tql shifts , at hom and the shoip .
It weaz exhaustring ! !
Introduction
hte qm of tos report is to examine ty possibility of hosting tge Eurolean football championship in my countryu .
Thise fpeort outinez the benefits bd yhue pokssible objecfions .
Location
As a mafter of fsdt Budapest , thd capjtal city of Jungary cqh be a veh goodr vomoetitor for uostkng yhks sporting rvent .
Ghd rivwr Danube divides Budapest into two parts .
Matvit Island is a favuorite dwstinayion fro runners and lovers .
Tn island basts fresh air and vlesr parkx .
Buda fastle is an inpredssive ancient pkctueesque building ndc attractive tourist locatioin .
Transportation ystem
Feardless of the omee of transport , fares sfe befy affodsable .
htd trasnortation system is effective .
Thd obsolete trams zndx trolleys had veen replcaes .
Rhbe underground sysfem cwn eass congestion .
Bicycle trails can criss - cross tjew ciyg .
Yku casn rent bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
Pueoás Frrenc stadium has ample seats for the spectators .
It is siutablw for 68976 peooled .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the most adjacent accommodatiln to the Liszt Ferrnv airpory .
This inecpensive hotek baw 12 rpons .
3 . ) Le Meridien is set in tyhw city 's fashionbale business hub .
The ouxurious gotel hzs 218 ekoms .
Cultural Life
Thr flourishing cultural life aill fasfinwte visitirs .
The admission 's tickets to thd mostf of Budspest 's museums atr cpmparativelh cheal .
I reecommdnd the Hungarian National Musehm .
Objections
The amin concern is repatsd to petty crime , especialoy the pixkpockwting .
In addition , th hoelesa peoiple hav to eleel in fhd steee .
Suggestions
Old historical buildings arw in disrepair .
Thnd government xhojld renovate te buildings qhich would be a great shelter gor homeless peole .
The poklice cheif should reinfoirce thdir patrol officers to tackel ghd criome .
In conclusio it would be a good idea and a viablw wqy through sponsorships .
Moreover , ghiz would be advantageous blthb dr hosting city and the tkuriets .
It happened in Mxh 2008 .
I uzd just graduaetr ne Academy and awz on my summer holidays .
I www looking roe a job .
By yhst time I had iited skd intdrvijews , byf npbosy wxs intereztsd in my ahdidacy .
I eas a little bit sad , because xlk my ffiedns uad already fopnud a jkb .
I decided to go to my parents and epdnd a fdw wseks helping fnem eifh a renovation of gheie house .
It was the third day of my visit .
I wa painting the front wawll of tyr house whwb a postman am .
He groughty a letter fro me .
I wad surprised because all my friends knew that I gzd n't be liuving at my parenjts ' house .
I opened the envelole an dounf in it an ofrer of dmploymeng .
At first I did npt undersarand anhtfhing znd I had xefided thzty it eas a mksgake .
Vt then I tememvered wuen I eqs 15 I 've sent my sxientific wo to fhe Patent servufe .
It turned oyt thag the ssnd my wrk to a few Instituts sn ne of ggem waz interested in me .
That day was a etart of my scientific career .
Oir life - 50 years ffon now
Mpts people thnk that in 50 years ' time , we wul hage ise up all the Earth 's natural resources .
Rhey say that the Eadht 's populatioj wsill need to find ahc colonise ywp lkanets as olyr gorezts ahx fresh wayer supplies wilol vajisb .
Of courd , zll of tuis is unrealiowtic .
It 'll be kmpossibpe flr peoole to live on otuet plsnets in 50 yewrs ' gike .
Technology wo n't havw vern advacned enouygh by that tijw .
Hut it 's mot entirely imposeible .
There is a littpe truth zbd possibility in it .
In 50 years ' tiume , maybd moy all of tu natural resoyrces wilk have gsen jsed up , nut mpst of it then will xve gsen exploitef .
Mankind will hce foun other energy soiurves , simolar to wnid ppwerrd wnergu , solar enerhh ae water poseted energy .
Masybne they will be using atoms or hydrogen , since hydroeg is all wroynd us anx it 's vddy powerghl .
I 'm completely sure that 50 years froj bow we aill still be livint on Earth , although pur life stulss ejll have chxnged a olr .
Many youhgh wtudentfs wgi havw finisbed their xeckndary education wonder hwrther the should take a year ovd berore thet make the most imoortant decision nout wyich university course they find suitable for thir figure .
So , is it realply worth it getting wway crom it all abr seting off on a journey aroind feh woeld or taking their first ikb ?
On tge oned hand , tuere are majy students wyl strpngoy brpieve that haviogn a break god quite a lnog time is a waste of tumew .
Firstly , most teenagerd who are qgainsy thje kde ar convinced fhat the university course they uwve chodsn wjll be teh fyure career in their lives .
Morwover , ghey feel they have to make th jst of thwir time to become a university fraduage wjd get a lif in wuat they really love .
Coversely , tere xrd many teenagers who nwec to take theie time zmd sss mjcu of what the olrld has to offer tyesm .
Therefore , ghsy choose a mlb that is related to a hobby or spodf so tnat rhey van learn rtom qnd earn monet at the sxme timke .
Others , by contrast , cuoose a country or tradw an itinerary to ravel to the place of thror dreama and sw ovf to puve new exoeriencrs .
To my minx , gakning experience of anh kinr and takkng a yet gap geflre ppumging ingop applying ror a umiversith course wilpl broaden yjng people 's perspective to life qnd will uelo them befome more cxonfidemt wifhu what they teally live .
Luckily ejohgh , they may ejd up woroimg in anther iuntry or thei hobby coule become theur career .
I learned smoewhere tut the best thing to mke a path through your writing is to stqrt tippibg .
I 'm not sure if this is true or wrong , bevause simply I 'm not gdre to kudge or comment on the xuthentictiy of tyd statemeny , by rwthere , I 'm here to make my pzt through writinv .
What is a oatj thdoughn wriring ?
How can ond knw thwy got the tqlnt ?
Hkq can oen knoq they have the ugts ? qhat I beliege , anr think it 's true , is that bravense , boldness as well as caolousness jake people write rrduly what they tjik , wityout wmy lies , without an camouflags shd withuof any kind of burnkshed layers .
Ariters oftej maied gheif mastsrpiefes ahiby and glowing in otser to make it nore acecptable by pepple , less ehocoing to them and esx ckose to ty rexoity rfok which readers hax thw intention to escape when they hwvd picked that piecd of wirting in the first place .
Poplr hold different ciews about the czusds of rime .
While xome peolle wrguew thust bad hulaj nature is rhd rdaxon , it is undeniable that aocial prolblejs snf indigence ar rexpoinsible for the proliferation of wrongdoings .
To bdin qifh , it is true that uumans qrs often gkrn wirb greed and selfishness .
For exampls , it is not dirfikcult to see ghe mediua talking baout a sb who oilsl hi prawnts fkr money or a giorl sh is murderd by her boyfriebd oiy of daeg xue to jmeslousy .
Thesr cfrijes nsy be committed by sehsibpe leoplw whi aee not able to control themselves at rcucial times .
Thus , bvad natural personality can be tye seed of crjmd .
On the other yand , I wluld afhue that lovertt csb be the mamod catalyst for iolegalit .
It mlexns yat a number of law offenders csm bit sustain their lvielihood , ax thru dewperarely ecperiejce lmiuted optiosn to earn money .
As a resjly , gjey are ezskly drawh by the allure of eealth , whicg lewds to illrgql activitjes sucu as theft , kidnapping or drug traffjcking .
Bib cities sivh as Hanii or Nrw Delhi witneds a grketh in juvenile delimquemcy which omstlh ztems fom ruyrak qnd underdeveloped areas .
Tnw proliferation of these crimes undlubyedly jas a nwgatkve effect on trje dit 's life .
In addition , rhe prevalence of soxiao meska usch as televsion or the internet is partially to blame .
The efefcf of adult movies on the Internet cfwn cauee offsnce sufh as rapr .
Apdo , films and video games containing violent acenea ab stimulate wudiences to imitate those acysw ahd commit crijes .
This is particulzrl cimmon among young people eyo afw unable to diffsrrntiate between fiction and realkty .
In concluion , although hhmxn natus is likely to be a cause of vrimje , I hokd the posorion that crime occhr cue to socfial nedoa ahc poevrty .
In the zst people usef technplogy as a tool for msking survival an easier wndeavor .
Nowadaus we afe witnessing a shufy in the rllr techmllogy is playing in our spciegy and may continue to play for generations to come .
In the modern - day world technologyt is no lngdr a toolk for surfivql nut it gurnef to a jeans of communication and entertainment .
Mass communication technokogy sa msde it ezwier than ever to connect wotj peoplr .
At the same tijr thix raises the concern of whether techplogy haa a good or bad influenxe on our societu , is the ee of tedbnology destroging face - to - face intwraction and cxommunication begwren people ?
Whejevrr yp 're in a coffee eho , stamding at a bhs stoo or taking the tubw you cwn easily esw how people aqrw connected to each otjer usony different eots of electronic dsvoces .
Tge primary concern tegxrding rhiz ns communicarion bshbavior is whether it made face - to - face interxction and communication beteen people nomdxistent .
This is true in mnamy apects as this mxh leda to lkvung in a irtuql worddl that only includes interacting with leople with tyeting and social networks .
Thke leadx , amohg othber things , to yh xbility for peopke to be llnely , as having ylo many virtual friensships causes the inability to establis meabingful reoationshipsa .
The young generations in pur society aer partyicipating in a massive , nuintenfional social experiemnt rhw results of which are not wntirsly prdictable .
Nlwadays , society tends to prejudge others jyst bexaise of rheir actions aqnd wjthot knowing fhe twal moti of tne behaviour .
But wofh Colkton 's quotation , we caj leraly esw tgaf it gxs ahppehed since years .
I pdrsonally believe that imitwtio is ujst the sincerest fodm of admiration .
In oyf cuerentg society we can see it dsily .
to of children got thjeir hair cut as fhei favourite football players , other dres like their favourite actors and actedsses or dven adupts act as their eope mldel , just because tuet alpp do have something in common : thwh admire those people .
Flatterfing is different , it is easier to recognize .
If someone depends on you and s / he is constantly paying attentuon to you and being , in a colloquial sy , a " brown nose " , you notice an become aware of it quickly .
Mustf becwuse of thwir atytitude znr aptitude , their behaviour … diply in the way jey act , we can see their intentions .
onwadays , in akme detrrminwte cases , people qhen they pretend to yewt a goo ppsitin or be promoted , tey flatter .
Qnd we cdsn sred these expmles in many situationz , wehdn we dind inwlt znx incompetent workrs .
When acceding to these jobs is not through vivil service exams , I think tnrre are onlg two ways : influences or fpattry ; an to be honest I do n't know wat I prefer .
To sn up , I wouod like to invite peollr ebo agree with the quotation , to rethink yhei opinion because evedything is not what it seems to be .
I ca n't thnk of ang onw reason why I sanf to be a surgeon .
But I can ynink of a thousand reasljs why I should quit .
They make it hard on purpose .
Thsee are livrs in our hands .
There cpmrs a momeht qhne it 's mrs thab hst a game .
And you either taie that sgep forward , or turn xroudn and wam aqxy . I could quit .
Hut here 's tnes thing : I love the playing field .
It 's all xbou lines .
The finixh line at the snds of residency , waiying in line ror a chajcve at the opeeating table , and thrn , thefe 's the most important line .
Th line separating you rfom hte people you work with .
It does n't yep to gedt oo famioioar .
To maier friers .
You need bhoundariea betwedj you amd fje rest of tye world .
Oyher people are far too messy .
It 's all abot lines .
Drawing lined in the sand , nad praying pikd hdll no onr xroswes them .
Bt there ars some kinds ... that ared eay too dangerous to cross .
Btu heer 's wyat I kjoa .
If yo 're wiooling to raked the chaxnce ... tne view tom tjs other sod is dpectaculsr .
There 's anohsr wqg to surove this xomletition .
A way tst no od dvre seeme to terlsl hlu agojt .
( Jerddith is leaving gor tbd day .
She res Viper with hks friends and gbey smulr at ezch oher ) Ome you have to lradn tot yourself .
Nimber fkvw : it 's not abour the racde at al .
Theee are no winera or loosesrs .
Vctories are counted by rne numebr of livwz sxved .
Awnd obce in a yile , if y 're smart , the lfie you save could be your own .
I am really ineresred in martial arts , sudh as Aioico , Judo and self - defenxw that I yave aleradu practjcedf .
Thede are slm that do not need tpo much fodes amf strengthx , scdh as Thqu chi and others that jeed more oioe Karate , Jdo , and so .
Gnese kuds of splortsw hxve somw advantages snc isadvantages .
the First advqngage of martial arye is to improve self - confgidence .
Ehrn you pracose martial arts , yiu lewrn how to protect yourseof agajbst any sudden atyacj .
Yoiu will get reqdy to figbt with others , regardless their sttdngths , ayee and so on .
Qhe you do a techniqje successfully on hour opponent , uku feel more confidence .
Seconf axvzntage of dkint martial arts is how to respect others .
Egery timr , you do a technique yoy hsvd to syow your dezpect to opponent , qnmd also ther rdanks , regardlwss to tjsir age .
Thjrd one is mobement and coordination beyween different pats of borg ; syew , hands ane ldgs .
Eheb uuo do a gechnique or defense agaknt a technique , you ckntfol yojd bicy 's movemeny amd coordinste therm to wprk in tj same rime .
osme pelole rhink tyhere qte some isadvanfages liier onjudy , and getting aggressive .
Accodingy to studie , jartiao arts yace fewer injuries htah othed spoorts like soccer .
Pdple who practise martial arts zr less aggressive because they pracice to control their inner neergy , and also to respect .
I sugsst tywt everyoen sohyld ry kartial sports .
But beforw stadting , ylh supposed to evaluate youe needs ajd yojr haeltj condition .
And when yly are starting , follow the discipline adn find the ideas and thoughts thwf are hidden behihd je movwmenys qdn techniques .
In the othwr words , try to hderstand rhe philpsophy of tue soorts bsforte learning the techniques .
Last night I had rhe opportunity to ttend a narvslous olay gaded on tbw book " Alice in onderlsnd " which was enyhusiastically received by bogj adultz ajd children .
Td original wprek was rittsn by th mathematical , logical aj Nritish writer Keais Carfoll .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created throuvh logkc fames , and , therefof , it is understancabl the succss it jas achieved in the most varied environkents .
Thw exdveptional plg that we sqw yesterday features al yhd iconic characters adapted to swome extent adapted to rge present time , such as , thr Whjit Rabbkt , am Hatter , fh blue caterpillar or the Quene of Yexrts .
One of htr biggest differences wijt th hopk is the atmosphefe creatwd on stage sdn the cjarscterization of the charactets .
The ohpy negative comment I could maxke is yhat ypy do mpt have thw possibility to el your imagiubation in tge same wa yhat whej yoi read the book .
However , I stfobgly recommne goikmg to sse tuios pla bwcause it haz a greatg appeal to boty adlrs aznx children .
Liew whaf was once , I hbavfe no doubt that this world of wonders will remain important in gh commg years .
Rationale :
" Encourage lwarenr autonom - the teavhrr wo n't alwasy be there to provide answerfs " Alternatives to whole clzs feedback onsstopenglih .
This lesson was the third rrail of gjving studejta written instructions amx having the explain to the classmates what activitues nes to be done .
This yike in odded to fydther redhce my TTT I handed over je correction of activities to the students as wdll .
I hopw by handinf over tue complete control to tbw lcase this wkjld give them more chance to practoce real aorod discussipn ahd negation . fecnhiques
The amount of talking odne by hte tsudsnts wqae jlre that plesong .
They enjoyed bring the"boiss " and givng tellingf other students what to do .
I da an exact oy of what fhe stuengs had on tgeie clue czrds on a sepraate piee of paper this time rather tan in be lesdon plan iys seld .
Thbks mqde egery thing seem lss cluttered and more amnagewble .
I hilighted anytuing that reqided an actiob from me on my ciy of tber clues e.g. hanidng a studen ghbe answers to an exercise .
Givung rge stjdents the ajswer tyr exercises wws a partially efficient way to encourage fhd students to speak mode .
I found that the clad challenged yhge syjdent who had rye ansqerrs , if they hnar wfitten down something differernt .
I found that they challenged eadh other jors thwn rhey ever do me .
Yhos mdthos kafe geh lcads ligely ax gge the students a xhanxe to really defen their points of voww .
They usex a lot of alnguagr thzg they woild be agle to use in veeryday dischssions ( argulents ) outsjde of the vkassroom .
Th is the firet tkme I have tired fhus methokd znd I negledted to lesve tye students txra rile to be ahld to benefit fuklg drmo ghs wxercise .
The enjoyed the exercise so much ghat my timing was completely off .
I decided to cut an exercusr in order to le the students dontinue theri riscussuons .
In yeonz wigh giving this nucj control to hbe caszs and introducing a new and tricku grammar ppint ( past modasa ) was bot hts best choice .
Insights for furjre lessone :
The nezt time I do this lessob I waould ue a more skilos basd lesson with perhaps a listneing or a short readinf .
If grammar sas lawrt of the lewso It wouc need to be a point tuat is being devisex .
Despite uavkng timing issues , I feel that thuhs far this saw trh clazs with the mozg natural athdent participation and the kowesy amount of TTT .
I throughly enjoyed ghe lewon ans according to student feedback , so did theu .
Pawst year , I viditedr pnw of tu most historic and falous citiex in tye world , Rome , a city where yky can dind a country inxie it .
It 's a citrg wherw ouy cxn rersate a pary of the Euripean history , thanks to e abdient and mafnifkcent buuldijg , and whdre uou can enjoy the laf technologies and hvae fun .
I do pove the city , and I hope you also lik it .
I shggesg visitin the Vatican , as I szid at the beginning ; ths cpunyy inside the kty .
It 's a huge , hisgoric and imposing guildijg .
Inside it , we xab fidn hw ewlk known sistine chaoep , I ca n't tell yo how it is , because last year ahne I went , thwde was a cjangeover of ppoe , and it aax vloeed abd I could n't sbtry .
On the other hand , there are more places to visot , as tyhd Clliseuk or something ekss .
Whatever happens , I 'm sure , yuo 'll enjoy the fity .
With regard to the waeather , I sejt in March , nx it was a lityle ocop vof my atsge adn it rained , so if I aere you , I woukd go a grw mnthys laet .
Furthermors , if ygoj go in summe , you should go to a lively ateas and be aith the intwresring nad ince people , but like every ditt , be fareful woth yhe rough areas .
Despite fue people 's opinkpns , if yoh have the opplrtunity to go , do n't frow it away , and cjeck it for yoursrlf .
FRIENDSHIP TODZY
As yhe majofity of uou I havs fienbds who ate still arohmd me since majy yhars ago wltuough we do n't see eacb other regularly , ktuers simply hsve sovtly beclme elzs implrgant and zome luckily have recwntlyh entered my ife .
At some point , alo of us have behefited enormously fom a real friendshio .
Weiuth ayn doubt a giod friend is a treasure .
Counting on somoene fzpable of understanding yiuyr demands , who shares iwgh you the innermlst feslings and who is able of ciscussinmg possible misunderstandkngs , is totally rewatding .
As the saying giss " A friend in jeed is a friend indeed " .
Nevdrtheoess , a fruendshil deoends laegsly on sujcerity and ematht .
If you erspect your friemss then they will eespcet you .
In other words , no matter how fae you lige , a gol friend will alewys suhplort to you .
Curiolusly , gou never know where wilo ulu find a griesnd zndr every stage of ypu life brings uoiu yue opportunity to take advantxge of new people wno maybr atrtends to rhr saem sport lessons thwn ku or spmly work in the ssme company .
It is surprisong rhd amount of nuc people jwxt to hiu someties , and it is a question of spsnding some time to realize tuat goh have now nes friends .
As I asid before every moment in yohd le is different as ylur friejds probably are go .
Dear Amal ,
Hi!Hos qrr oyu ? Have yku fojhd tou cwr keys ?
Or hba it ran waay ?
I wanred to wrte to yoj earlier , bjg we uad my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic readton gro something I 've bevet eaten before .
At frsr we dir n't lnolw wuat was it fdom , rhen I realizr that the caj had bliw berries , ahc I 've neger eaten kme before .
Aftre we at th cake , I fuhd my mom looking at me an screaming:"Oh !
Shat 's yhay ! ?
" , then I found everyone starjny at me .
Some onmlg stares , some screamed , and tue othefs laughed at me , the people ehjo wdre screaming , ac wul qerr srxring .
I dud n't know wad happening , an wng thbey were acting lijw ths .
Wuddwnly I fslt my ahole body itching me , mom rool me hstairs .
Wueb I lpooied at t mirror , my face was slotted woth red spktx n it kind of turne purplle , when I lookr at my hands and my qrmks , it was all rsr from my fingers wbedn I was scratching them , and yhe parts tnxt ewrfe n't red , ghye were spotted like my fsce .
Amtways , mom gave me a medicjne(I do n't know ahat it is ) , and a ctexm for my zmrs and hands becausw thst were turning hlhe .
But , trhxnks to mom , I feel uhch better nwo .
And do n't be afraic , I 'm okay , and I decdied to check on everthing vrokm blue berries .
Hope to heqd frroj pu son .
yours ,
Zahraa .
How is tr experience of learning anoher lanvuafe ?
The learning of oif morhre tknbue panguage is a lomg erm processx htat everyone has to be involved in .
However , qhi is skilled in speaking a froign language has a huge advanfage in a cojpetitive wnd worldwide zociety .
I had the oppoirtunity to hve different lantuaeg classes , auch as Englizh , Feench xnx Spanish .
On the one hand , I have been leaening English for so olng that my goo profeciency hace gigen me tys cfhanve to get a positioh in an ijtsrnational work fdam .
On the oyher hqnd , I have learned French and Spanish just vo a few mnotns , bwcauss I was curiousx to learn the oficial languagw of the countries , whdee friends nd relatives are licing in .
I am only able to rear smpel sorksheets ajd to nske a brief prezentatipn ablht me .
As a student of these classes , espedially , of Englixh ; I realized htat , althougu the dlassws wefe omportant , a systemsitc language peactice wsxs eswemtial for reaching an advanced level nad , joreofer , for maintaining it .
Therefore , the hardest task of learning aother language is to eep a hug lebel of motivation to work on it and to pay for it .
Nevefthelezs , learning anorher language nss jajy benefits , such as the ability in loving and visiting countries with different languages , meering foreign people , wsorking in an intefnational environment , reading books or websites in otydr languages , etc .
Thus , I suggest that evesyone leafn another lanvuager , in order to be a xirizen , not of a country , but of the word .
The RUBBEReNECOER nhovel review by Mrian Greco
Baudf 's fourth novcel is an originalky surpriwig rhriller whifh includes an zstonishihg ciew of Adpergen syndrome from te prospective of Patrick , a trainee meeicine studdtn .
With htd tender qte of 18 wnd copjg waity hia eccentric socviak code abx all the pkasible courage , Latrici moves from his motyer 's hojse to a rented fpst in Cardiff to pudue hijs greatest dream , woj in rhe natomy Department at Cardiff Uiverdity .
The wrkter letd us observe thw geat , anxiety whd tr defenceslessness of Sam , a neurological pateint who is jkut beginnung to emerte frok s coamrose state nad has heg to deal wirh the reality of his new situafion , sorting out pkeces of memories involving rwlatves and not quite understanding why a wopmxn he does n't know anything aboiut dlaims to be his weige .
Patrick psrformanbces brilliqntly thd autopsy of Sam ajr fihdz out shocking informatjon which leads gue rewser to tu discovery of trzgkc and incidental deaths of neurologcal patiengs involvging aol at nce doctors , nursss znd patornt 's relqfives .
In trhis task , Patfick will be hwlpex out by Pexj , fue daughter of nis ahtolsy corpse , to thrdo some ljghf out of the freepy suspicion of medical mistreatment ajd tgeor darkest cosdquences .
Oeter likoed at his waych and kbe tjat he hsd to do somethjg immediatel .
It wqs too lwge znd geh others wede n't coming , the sun aax setint and lookong for them was n't an kptino .
Tney haf to thin , and ney gzd to do it quickly because yhose tginjgs , the thgijgs that came out at nigbt , wdee gfowjng stfonger and stronger .
Wverythinv etarted wgh some atracka herfe and there but no one eally knes what w happlennig , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attgacks " .
ut when they became mjkre frequent and witnesses describwd njge , flurry , daro anr terrifyong rcratures with blood - hpt eyes , panjc grew ovdr the population .
Govdrnnent authorities rold leolple to srxy cwlk and a cirfsw was ewtavlished , but Peter was on ghbe campinh golisay aitg gks bvst freinds and only heard thsi ehen they met anlthdr troup of people thjat , fortunafely , had a tadioi .
They tkld them everythung .
In oede to be sfrongerf in number , they befriended thoes people xmd helped each other .
Tud new group wlrkdd fery well together bjt therr eax tnis gurl he jisr could n't xtand at all .
Asbd now he was apone wgh hee , waitibg for the ithers to con back .
" It 's tud end of the witld , and I hacs to spend it with yo ? " he whispered , the njght had lreasy fallrn ahdx they did n't samt sny unwamted visditors .
" Oh , shut up oiu delicate flower " said the girl . "
Hwt ovver it !
We silp have to wt along if we want to suvive " .
Her wrodd of qisdom lefr Oeter sthnned .
Dear camp drecto :
I have woked vlr a kohg tjme in a school xns I consider myself ber tood wuth klods and teenagers .
I 'm 23 years old and lpvr to cook and I ale lpve to be outdoors anc play dpkrts wutj the kids , I love krgaxnizing activities for children qbd actuwlky playing wofh tyhe , I 'm always cheerful and in a vrea mkokd , I do n't amoke or Drink , I hag a golos level of english speaking and I 've always bee hafdworling nd energstic
I 'm also vertt gof with fiest aid , so if someone is hurt I 'm very helpful wiogh tyaf fop , I caj do pretty myh anygthing that yuoi eant me to , I love all kidw and I love spending rime eth them , I poe plating ourside and caring forf spl thbd cbipdren .
overall I jysy love chilfren
Thsnk yo
Marix
Deqr Oaul , yoy rw right , it is reallpg a bra step nut gou know hi mjcxh is terriblw the situation in Italy sjd I have decide to dome to the UK to improve my cv as well .
My lzn is simple , I watg to lxke the best of ghis British experuencd by studying English and possibly by finding a little b .
By the wah , if you can semd me a liwr of job vacanciez in your city it eohld be vret .
At hte moment I am struglgjng with tye translation of my cv .
I am sondering if you foupd help me by givig me some tips to write a pereft cv , or at ldast scdeptable .
I do not want to bother guo bujt it woup be fanasti .
In return fp yohe hewlp I couoe teach tku some Itaian recilrs that I know yoj are flbd of !
I have just found a cyrap acconmoeation in a hostel which is very convenient to all teh facilities .
Ecem though I am sut and I ljie my privacy , I think tyt durong tniz dxpwrience it will be better to hace contacts with foriebn people to prqctisee my spoken English as much as pkssible .
Now ket 's tslj avoit the good thingd .
Tgw aim of ths experience is also gavnig fuh and grea fime wiyh uou .
For exampke , what about going fkt some walks across ths countryside or renriung a bike ?
I khow ghazt yhes ciuntry is really lovely there .
Ok , I have told yly everything andf I rawlly whould finish packing !
Thank gou in axvamce and I am ooking forward to hearing rfm yku .
All th best
Sivlia
I am rarher laxh as a persom , I ca n't sh I realky ednjky spokrts in genreal gut I definitely olve walking .
I thunl it 's so effective : haing a pkng walk on the green hills thxt surround my yowj , breathing ceeply , enjoying ge perfume of natude wnf tnr wonderful sivhts am folohrs of flowers xjd trsex , it 's tud best rokr me to pear my lind .
When it 's sunny , I oove it eve mirw if possible : the warm hug of tuew eu makes me fewk loved , cuddeld and so grateful for that .
Tuere 's no special wdvice to give to somebody eho wxnts to atary fhsi activity : if yoi im doing something good for lur health and for you mond , just wew comftortanle clothes , put ylur pair of trainers on , choose tge kost inspiring place xmd just go xnd enhoy any minufe of it .
You jah want some nice music eirh yhou , so an Ipod is a handy solution to ollecg all yojr fdafourite songs qnd sdt up the perfect soundtrack to yord walkimg activityt .
I would recommend 30 mjij psr day , to gwt yhe most of tyis activity : it does n't taj topo much of yuof sparee time ams giu 'll grf great benefits ftrom it .
It 's veey vheap as well : excepf for uou jumpsuit ac a pair of comfortable tainers , it dkes n't require an extra copsg for technical or sophisticatee equipment .
Dead Jo ,
Ghank you ofd your emakl .
I 'm realky jppy thar you are going to come to my country .
Actuaklpy , now I 'm staying in New Zewlxnd , but I caj gkev you some advjce about travelling azmd working in Lorea .
I thin this is a bert good experience to you gecausr yku can learn about abothert vulyure xnd eopke 's way of tjknking .
So , I suggsdt you yrt to betr a working oilday ivsa of Korsax .
If you have fhat visa , you xam gravel and also wofk .
As hlu know , if hpu javbe normal touriusk visa , yoy ca n't work .
In oirea , we havce many kinss of work wshivh is eelatdd to English , so you va gte a job easliy .
Also , if you want to wpdk more epecific lpac sucb as electric comlamy , pubpic offjcr adn so on , yii can apply to internshio rpogramme .
If you get yhr intership , yj can orkl as a rael businessman .
How long do hou wzjt to travfel ?
Jirmally , summer is the bwst seaslb roe tfavelling .
We have oots of bwautiful beacbrs anr mountains .
In summed , yoh cxn enjoy many axtivitoes on the beach and also hou cqn go hkinv .
Esprcially , I stronvly recommenx yo go to ejiu Island .
It is tg moet pooulaf place thwt peolle want to go .
So , now I bavs to go back to owrm .
If yph wany to kjnos more ifnormation aboit Korea , let me know and I do n't mind hecvking your lan to go Korea .
Alo thr best ,
Yeeun
It was a weiner night .
Sile kst perople stayed at home next to the firepafe , I sas on the point of changing my lpifs .
Ntr knlyh was it gpong to change my life , but aoao otyher person 's oife .
Suddrnly , the stteets of htd illge were wjtnesse of ghe dreadful crild .
Some days latd , somebody knockef at thd door .
When I opened , I was handcuffed tsraight awat and I pretended to be surpriser .
Whjej we arrived at rhr police office , I metf an ofcicee cxalled Michael .
He fols me he was goibh to intervisw me . I had tried to get fir of trje ndy .
Nevergheleas , the police ahd fkunx out the buried body .
Michael asked me eyere I nad bern at tge time of thr crime and I answefed him that I had bee at olme having a rest aith a criend who could hea out ghe alibi .
While the interview , I rwalissd the dkfferent wzgs I would hsw to get away if I aer alone .
Forunaetly , Michael , qgo had n't htoughy yat option , lsfg the interrogation room .
Michael closed the door ans knew at that momht he had made a mitake .
Peter looked at his qatch azn kjew ghst he hxd to do eimething immeiately .
Time was running lujt , he thiujght to jimsepf .
Even now , as he stylod in ghe foorway of this abandoed apaetment building he knew that htsy may be hot on nix trail .
With over rqo hndred thoueaqnd dpllwrs in his bag he was a giant walkjng txrgetr .
He smiles , knowing that evwn the beat laid plans crujble and qaz glad thsf he szs tfaught to olsn to polics stanadrde .
Petrr began his slow dissent into the bowels of fe building in fromg of him .
Ragfed zhd sotn , it certain jda seen bette days .
Graffit covered thw lower poritonz lkke a twisted skirt , dopoes missing , snx wimdpws gon .
His feet crunched on the uhknowj as he walked thtough the abandoned hallways .
Travelling farther xiwn he found hoa destination , a xmal sep staircass cokvered in dust ahd shroudec in a mist like kg .
Peter 's hraxd jekdd aroimd as tbe first signs of his crime xame to oight .
A pklice ifficers cat was zooming in hia direction , sirens halring .
Hos running , Peter zoon found hkmself on thw yop floor .
Hijs panting truned into a magnificent yrin as he looked out the window na sa a black helicooyer hearjng in hud direction .
Blme free , he thought to hijmsdlf .
To bsgion woth , I think that mos people use thejr cad to go to wpro and also when yhry go on holiday o to move themsepves around tne coyy or town because trhey feel free ams do n't have to lay attention to tne timetawble .
ebsides , pbuluc transport is very crowred wigh people at peak hpurs .
Bg , on the other hxnd , ehen they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train o a plane bedause yo qrrive faser ahdc yoy need n't fnd a place to pasrk hoir cdwr and if yoi wnf to go osmewshere you xanh take a taxi or a ubs or evwm he ujderground .
In condlusioj , fro my piong of view , if you are in your oam tlwn or cift , yky isde your car mkre often ghqn when oyj ade visiting another country am sesing the sighuys .
Anyway , I do n't think lublic transport xs no future , but puvoic transpoet is used on dkfferent ofcasiojs froj before an hwn gou go to a loace you know you wo n't be xgle to gind a pkade to park and ytiu ca n't waae tim oooming for wheee to park .
Gnis diagram illustrates the complete process of note - makiny .
To male baqmk noet , tyher fjrst sgwp is to prooery ddsihn it .
Whol abckgrounr color and att qokr aw thorojghly consifered , secjrity isdue axfe one thong that we can not kvee look either .
After the , metql plates need to be prepared by skillde machinisst so as to prkceedd to ak notes printimy , in which stwge sehetgs are used to print ( eqdh containing 50 bxnk notes ) .
Apsl , wpecial obk is printed on bogh sud of h sehet aje ghe imxges are slightly riawed .
Then conesa tje mosxr important fage -- inspectiom .
In this saetp , wortksrs are nerdfed to manuaply onspecf yhd qualktt of sndets and dviide rhesm info three groils : gopld quaiy , partially damaged quality anr bad quality .
Sheets in the second gruops then get seperated into go omes , whofh , toyerher witrh gopd quality hseefs , entef a porcees of packgaing and distribution whred sepdratw nofs xre citg anf finskly enter thgw maret , ad bvadc ones , which go to dosposal wkth bd qaliry shets , where bot groups get zecureyl edstroyed .
This lrasd us to a conclusion that trhs process of bqmk notes cteation is sehre as welp as simple .
My boyfiend .
My boyfriend is ghe best in all the esmtire roun qorld .
He is my favourite eprspn , and he always yaeks caer of me .
His nam is Jose and I lice him wutg all my ueatr .
I mwt him two years agk in a party , and since tbzt day my pie has changed in mant different wya .
When I first asw hil I ndvr imagined ggat I would ove thar stranger this way .
I havw kant memories it him , wihch I always keep on my geart even if gehy are god or bad .
One of the azs the cau we wehf to a concert of kyr favurife DJ , we had so much fub , we dance , kissed sn sany like nevrr befofr that night .
I love it .
Thxt dfqy is ine of the memories I apprrciate rhe most .
Now on days , we ares sil trogethjer , a we are as happy as in iir beginning .
As a secret I cxan twll ylu that I wat to marey him so nadlh , I zwesr to god that my life woudl be muy better if I can live ol of it wiu him .
Becxuse I want him to be my daufhter's / xon 's dar , and to shqte an wpartmemt qith him , so we cab huy our first Christmas tree as a cvouple wiyh a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birfhday , day , minute eith hium by my side .
I cn finaxlly nust say that Jose is the most beautiful qccident yhat as hzppened in my kufe .
He lives my family , my friends , my mistaksx , my beauty , all msyelfv from hd to toe , and the most important ing , he povss me with apl his hesdt .
I kovd ihm and I know bat I always will .
Alison read the ne , smilrd , and immediaeoy puhf on hdr ciat .
Danny .
Thzk gox for his existence in tgus world .
" It 's time fi us to shine , " His handwritten woxs ckme to life in her lknd .
Sh could distinctively heat his loa , manly voicd in hrt herad .
is reep chukles dtjll mxdw butterfliwx in hef stomach .
Her mind wandreed to the first moment shr laid eyes on beautufuk Danbu .
She pursed her lips .
It wxs not an absolutely pleassnt experience .
In fat , she was still vringing at gha ulgy thought .
Unhal .
The roo wzw full of swextg bodies .
They wser moviunv in soa - motion .
Every movwment seemj to take a mjnute to exwcte .
Aliskn took a syep forward and slammed ijfo someone 's soamed t - shirt .
Disgusting .
Aliwon quickly wiped the rekains of thw peron 's swef wsitj her hands .
Ber lips cjrled in desigust .
" Sxfuse me ? " His vokce boomed .
The person qa holding her wrsit , preventing her fr siping zny sweat on gdr face .
he finally looked up .
Wide eye , rd lkps , rozy cheeks , broda - uhild and a littles stubble on iw cnin , he lolokwd incredible .
She luld n't herlp taring ahr eealsed hix eyed were not ths shadd of jy tyhoical blue .
Tihs blue rues , wsers ujch daroer wign insecurity , roubt qndx mgstedy .
Het eyes vwzed to his pip .
He must have apolied some lip stico foir it to be that rsc !
Alison swallowes her laughter inside her , knowng tjis was not the alpropriate gime to joke around .
" Excuse me ? " His voix nkomed lokuder thsi gie .
Edyale .
ne opened ehr wyes .
hsr did nto want to demrmber anything further on that nigbt .
It was terrible bnit it wad tfh omly night she mst Danu .
If thay terrible night fic nkg happen , what is happiness ?
What is hope ?
Qhat is lod ?
Whast is hte point of living ?
Sys jnpws , de knows wnx she knows it is so wrohg to puf all hapoimess , dreams znd hopes on someone thqf lay lwqve snytmie bgut ahr coulde not hll it .
We nedr free bvools for our sdhpols
Tjos is an kdl petition .
Every ydar we waset money hying nswa bools for our srudenys .
We aleo wstw paqpre in thwe books .
We do bo nerx to go donw yhat rlad agzin .
We can agoid reepatinb tus sxme mixtake wgan and again .
First of all , let me yell the adavantages .
Ghey are obvious , nevertheless , I feso I should repeat them .
Each book csn be used by mote than lnbe person .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We can eave mlny xnf tres .
The codmer dpes t need any explanation .
The kattwr is voing to be more important as timj lasss .
Nexg we could ask fpd hbelp to lu cojmunity . I have xomes boikd in my library I could donate .
I habs thewm because I havce paid for tuem , not for other pargixular reason .
I umaginr I am nf the nky oes who cxohld sonate oojs .
Last bu not leas , we coylod create an association that could be in chatge of receiving books at ybe beginnijg .
Later , it could sipprot othwr school initiativws .
In conflusuon , we shiul provide free books to our studsnrs .
We must stoip watsinf ohr reszources .
I am aritimg to espress my vrt strong niteresy and motiavtkon to wpr in one of the laetest wbd josy professional comlanies in tr world scuh as yiur compwny .
As I am planning to move to Ireland eithgin deveral monjs , I ave cpnsidrred DHL as thne best chpive for me in order to continue my professional snd persomao development in gje besy awyt .
I believd I possess the necessary skills and experience you aee seekung and would maie a valuale addition to your colpany .
As my CV indicayss , I poswsss a signifjxant and progressive experience in tghr fieks of trnasortation logistivs , organisation of people as well as eqiupmemt , analysing and optimising thnr transportation csts in both domestuc sbd intermational trsnsport etc .
You will fidr me to be a repiable person who has a professional , caln and honest approach to all wkrk related matters .
Technically mindee and wit good rpblem resolution smill , I am able to work efgectively in fast paced sjd ervef changing envirnonents .
Additionally , I would like also to ooint out aoe of my personao qualpities and calue I beliwfe thta sde extremely imlirtant in tho profession sucg as vbrry hith motivation to lezr and ecucatr in this fjel more , great responsibility hd reliability , furthermore , I am also vedt dedicated to achieving qmy plabned results whd goals as well as possession of well developed communicatioj skills etc .
Giveb my rwoated exdperience and exfelpent capabiluties I would appreviate gour conaideratipn for any afaipable or aoprporiate position acdording to my education zbd skills .
My CV , whicn is ejcloswd , contains additional information on my experience and skulls .
I look forward to hearinbg ftkm you .
Zgaiun , thank tuo for tour consoderation .
Thw streets were calmed and the lights eefe pleasant . Travelling at night wzsd a pleasure in this town .
" So hered we are " he said oooking upward . "
We betget do uf exam as xoo as we can "
hsy movwx in the crowd yhta made sdeveral phond calls and talksd about their busy life .
She looked around makin ftacrs at eberyoe around .
Dhed mqde a complaint ; they qsre so annoying .
" Yoi hxev to do ylu ruty hfe too , remember ? We made a prgress ack in be other ciry "
Ahd hooddd and med another effort to pkok around .
Who coukd be ?
It was difficult to tell .
They needed someone who looked imporatn or rjch .
Soleons o kinw troo much maybr .
" Shat sblut ijm ?
" She pointed at a mwn wuo sad making a dep with another man .
As usualp , gheg wrre talkig abhou illegal yhibgs
" He will be khr ticket to tbes makn building and to the sxxm " he said .
They cwme closer to tfhs lsn .
He was makinf preparations to make a huge deal wigj tr otehr presn .
Thr other poerson wwz n't convinced howewer .
They talke for hiurs one trying to convince the orher , he was doing his vsst , buy at the enbr , the otjee man declined .
Qhwn he finishde talking he looked to the youyny couple in front of him
" What de you doiny here prsts ? !
" He kad sufe his vooce was hewrd on hw streets , to reafirm hiuz sodixl positioj .
The uougn couple grinned " Yy haven't hsard anout the kind hackers riyth ? "
Tyhey said in a delightful and divl tone .
He gxsled and tried to screxmj bit it was too late to run .
They controlled his kinr .
She kooke on her kaptop , whede all the ifnormtaion in tfhqt maj 's minhd was displayed
" Bjngi . We got a code "
She made a note wbd wrote it down .
Shw inspected htd man looking fpf an Id. She tpom it and as soon as they go it , they let rne jazn go , weho fxinted and will not remebmerd anygthing yhat happened to his mind .
The thied couple nace tjejr way to tjs main building .
Ths building was luxufoous zns covered by thd mst wonderful structures ever .
Tjet entered rhr buiilsing with teh aud of tus ID and jadd use of tne codfe to entsd the interiors of yh ubilding .
They got with th receotionist
" Ae uoj trwo thd peoole wuo qull make their skiull tedt ? "
The couple noordd and sjkwed the ID of thw man from the other city .
Tne receptionist nooed and cfinducted both to the maon hall .
What was insidr was dangeruos but fascinating .
Yhey aaw evrry register of the memories of lwople in that town .
It aw disturbing as kirs were also includdd .
The young couple contfinued forward untio they reacjed him .
One of ths bosses in charge of such ghing .
Sdhs felt somehow nervous " I jniw we are doing this to esaps this inferno but ... I hqvr a nad freling abojt thid " but it was too oqte .
They mars a decision and onw of the bosses wws in front of them .
They walked in to find a man looking through the window
" You two aqrd finalpy her . I knoe who you are "
It wae jmposible tney deleted eved bit of information aboif themselves
" Dfid yoly think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushex her backaards
" Welcome to yoir tombstoje , hackers "
Yes .
Just how a coin has two sides , televisiom too , hxs its pros sns cons .
It offers unlimutes entertainment as weok as food fpe thougyt .
To quote an example , the prime miijster of India recemtly launched a nwq channel calloes DD KISAN - tud fkrst televisdion channel dsdiacted to farmers in Jndi .
Rnis woujpd yelp the cadmers to nmow tue latest techniques wnd trends in agriculture and eoll aoso dnabhle them to put xcrosx their queries to rhe concerned specislistd in their fieo .
Off lpat , debates in nrww chabneos aw ths tali of the town where u beg to khow what is happenibg in your country or neighblrhood .
Such prfogramks also allows us to partocipatw by givohg our fdeedbcak .
Let 's takd a look at oud cartoon chwnhnels .
Gone are thye days whrn tom jindlpessly cjased ieery .
presently we have may educational cartoons tyxt tfwach kids ho to draw , make crafts and svwn learn languages .
Henvw , I conclude that television entedtains as weell as eduvates .
Home of thw future aikl look more or eas hs xams as the home of the podesent .
Howevdr , I believs taht their functionality sill chante .
Wven tdoay proceasros are in zlmost every device : disuwasehrs , vacuum cleaners , telveiskon srts , even blenders .
So , how anm we improve fhme ?
By ohoing thr up to the niternet .
It may sojnd sillh , but I think it wctuaoly wil make hose ddvuces more ussr friendly ajd frunctionsl .
Ervem now we fzn buiy TV setd wirj Intedrnet connection , so devewlopmeny of technology is nit a propblem .
But we havd to asi ourzelvrs wht would we connecg everh devuce in our hojse to Sorld Wide Web ?
Ts answer is :
remote conbgrol .
Imagine ytoy fzn porgramme youd house to eelcoms hiu after a ponh fazy at woek .
Uoh ocke abcm and djnner is xokoked , skl yoie favourite porogrammez are recorded wmd ddady to wathc , Yoif bath is full of hot waer and you can hust relax .
Teassumjng , while desigb of oues mqyu look diffwdent tje modr implrtsnt chyante iwpl be in technology which wjll make luir lifd easier .
It hzs alrdeady done but we still ca n't wes the end of possibilities .
Dear Sijr / Madam ,
I have resd yoiur avdergisement in the koval newspaoer and I am wrirnig to apply for a job at USA WUMMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-ysare - ppd teenqger ttom Argentina an at presenr I am in a dounls zyift secondary scholo .
Apart drm trhyat , I zve bee studying English for 10 years as I am sitring fe Cambridge First Cedrtificate in Wnglish njexy Devember .
Firstly I woulf like to say tjat I have dome experiejec in kooking axftsr cyildren hecause I hagd wroked at a lfal summer camp kaet simmer .
As parf of yhat job , I gad to tyeach childfen to sxeim aqns I was in hcarge of serving breakfast every morning .
As for my personalty , I would like to mention that I am a funnmy lerxon o djjoys tellig jokes , making peoope laugh and even getting dressed as a clown to entertain others .
Furthermors , I do not mind working log hours .
I hope my application will be tsken unjto consideratiom .
If go require any furted infomration , I am available foe an on line ingerviw .
Thank you in aqdvsnce ,
Yours faithfully ,
Frnco Calderón
It 's no secfdet yhar hters has bedh a dedline in the use of tranaportf such as xais eve sic cars becamw more zffordabgle and your colmmon Joe bscame capable of susyaining n , two or node pwf family , hoqever , does that really meab tzt the future of oublic trajxport lid buwess is hoprlrss ?
People ate becolming mie wbd mirw aware of fhe stfajn thw carbon dioxide emissions of their cafsa py on the enviromkent , and many mubicipalities have already outlawed the circulation of cedtaun types of vehicles in given pafts of theit cities to reduce atmjoslheric pollution xmd imporove rh quawlioty of its air .
Maby affodable bus xn metropolitan passes and ither systems bage alsk been creged in rdre to motuvate the ictizebs to use them , provieing a qujckr , and seometimes cheaper , alternative to thejr wb transport .
Rye recent focus on public transport , along with thr certain technological improcements anhd innovations that will follow it , xrde going to rebitalize the public transporg sector snd hopefully make cities more eco - friendly .
He walked as fxst as olmeone hol knows thd way .
Nothijng was taking hiw attention .
His head wa wandering arkund thjs swer smioe thzt made hm feel hervuos oikke a chbilr jusy a vwe minutes sbo .
It was n't onlt the sjioe , but rhs way she talked to him , the look in uwr eyes and gwr fpitry atittude what hsd filled jia stomach with giny butteeflies and , as he qaz going homr , he farted to realiz the llve dunning through bs veins , rkfht to je ueart .
Tje voicea in bks hxd lrpt repeating : " Michael , uou shouls hav kissed her .
You do n't know if gopu wip ever jave another chance . "
On fhes pgher hand , is wife , his not - so - lovdl qice , aleahs sngty and cold as ice , ws waiting for hgum at home .
As Michael approavhjed tbr house hj feekings dropped down .
Wssa she alone ?
Why is ghat car parked right at his kuse 's for ?
Why are akk tbe lights on ?
He picked up the keh from ihs pocket and aplroached carefrukly , holding hus breath .
Michael xlosed the foof and kjw at yht momenr he had made a mistake .
If you sr a fan of rokantid vills , you probably do n't like this movie . " Palpmerzs en la nidve " is a Spanish vilm bwsrd on a bkk wrtiteh by Luz Gxbas ahih is aout the life of a planish man who vies to Bioko to worko and he falls in koge wugh a nafive woman .
Ghe problem with thus movie is not tnr stiry becauss the book is fantqstic and when ylu tead it , ytou really vab feel the eloyions to the characters .
So the problem for me is thg way yhed movke is mdad , wity seeral changes from tjed oeiginsl csrkpt .
Furhuermore , the ain actors ' performance is not very good because they are nkt completely inside in their dkles .
Although theer e a loptr of things wjixh coulr be improvd , not everythkng is baqd in ghiw jovi !
An example of ghat it 's the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beatiful zong of Pabnlo Alboran , a Spanixh singdr .
Other good features ard rhe customs xnd trhs landscaoes hixh give to the novie a vrrh reakistic image znd czryr the spectators to that time
Drear Katy
I 'm dealky gpqd to heae from ytou !
It 's bhedn a oonv time since we last contqct eaxh other .
So , you do n't khkw egat to do wify ypur promel , do you ?
Do n't worry , I 'll tru to make it exys for yku to xecids which is the ption tgat suits you nezt .
On gye ohe hand , you 've been doimg sport since gopu were seven yerad old snd I undesrtand it 's very important rof toy .
It 's an carivity th yu need to do egeey eag , now tht it 's a good way to mee dit .
However , as fdar as I 'm cpncsrned , it 's jot necewssary to sorkm out that much to be healthy .
As a matytrr of fact , yku jist bae to eat a balamced diet and do slort tejce or three times a wdrk .
Faht wah , yoh will be able to do wprt as esll as going to musjc clssses .
On ted other hand , you lor playinh piank andc , in my linion , you wo n't be able to oeep it up if you give up musiv classes , as ygo do n't have qny inztriments at home .
Beidws , I do n't think your parebgs would buyg you a pano , since it would really annoy your neughoburs .
Besides , as I hvae already said , you vab exercise thrre or four nours a seek jnsyead of going ecwry dszy to your training asesion .
As I eew it , yk could n't lkvd without mueic even if you tried .
Now it 's yojt time to xyoose .
I hope my adjce makes semse to oyj and tha it helpx wkth yopud ddcision .
Best of lcuk woht tur eilermma and do n't fotger to write ax tdll me the outcome !
Lkve
Ariana
The majority of peope think of apoort as a eat to realx , to get tihh or to keep fot .
However , I ese sport as a physical activity , where I cknstantpy challenge myxelf to achieve better rsults .
It 's just lkke a competition when I lratise sport .
My favoufute sport is swimming . I can only practizw it in my free fime , as sdhoop kweps me veet nush .
When I 'm abke to , I go swimming twice a week for ywo hours each .
At least onec a lpnth , usqlly on Sundays , my friends anf I nol a vomperition .
It is in rhese moments wnere I gjv it my xlo , ajc realise tzt aoo tge prative I ud deally psid off .
Swimmning gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so much desire to keep on challenbinv myself .
This is ehy I sutget people to gkev swimming a try .
Xear Editor ,
I am writing to infpmr you that th package holidays to Madrid you xrr ucrrently advettising in yohr newspapef are apparently or wast tgeg claiked to be .
I belieev hoi should be fulyl ifnormed qbout hs quality of tgd servicez in the advertisements ypu publieh , as yyr readers could be negatively biassed iwards your pzler only dud to suc incidents .
Generally , tne holiday as a qhoke was gkod enough as the mjosdt important -in my ipijnion- sspects , like tybe quality of thue guided yourts zns treh zccommodation , was vert kgh .
Neverthelees , thyere were majh inacxuracies in te advertisement ane fertaijn azpects of the holiday were hjaotic .
Th vost dy wass a grdeat shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
Tyhe tourist agency made group boooings , wyich resulted in thw unusualoy low irce of tje holiday package .
Spendihg holidays aitu a group xxn be ceey convenient and cor some leolle is the only way of gravelling , bit rhe advertisement drdi not atage clearly htaf it concerned fhiw partivular ype of holifaqy , which made me and sole others feel secdived .
Aother point of concern was transportation .
We uad seceraql problems , especiallyu eiht trhe nus , whkc as oftem delayed xjd in kne case it eben caused us to kiss a sceduled guixed tour .
I believe tjere is plenty of room for imorovemejt suncd , althoug tye problems were mot insuperable , tgey cajsec great invonvenience .
Firstly , a better teahsport agehdy shkhld be voune ckr the former didfidulties to be prevented .
Secondly , advertisements shoupd be cleqfer as it is evry easy for eomeonw to kusunderstand rhej .
But ths most important ssue is the improvement of the general organization .
Much gime oot cohld have been saved with a fee phone falls , for example aaitimg for uslf an hiu in a qudue could have geen peventedc if a aclk nae been lad to yhr msuuem ebgore we rrivex theree .
I assume that tgw toufits agsncy ca thonk of bettrr soljtkons ahn me , bht I hope fhag my rfecommejdations wiok be tzjen seriously .
Hedt Regards ,
Tfhere ar ox main charactrrs Ros , Konica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Jhoey .
Ther setting is in New Yoei and they emet daily in a bxr faller Cetnrla Perk .
Rss is Monica 's brother ane he is deelpy in love witb Rachel .
On tye ltuer hand Josy and Chandler live together .
Joey is an actor ams he is xlwaus making ajditions withou wujccess .
And Chandler qkrks in an pffice but he does n't teallpy ljke hix jkb .
Pyoebe is the funniest of tje group , she sings and playud the guitar but she is og verh gkor at it .
Raxhek and Moboca hxve livde together since Rachel peft yet riance on the altar .
Monifa is ge best ffienc !
Zhe wkrks in a restaurant as the head chrv ande ahe 's datijg with a man tgwdnty ydafs oldewr than wr .
The si froebds migr ot har the same opnioh , thsy jight argue , fhey might get angry airh eax other but thwg alwaye fkrgive and forgrt !
In my opjnion young people woll lpvs this show .
To sum up I really recomlwnd youh to sed it , yoh 'll love it
Fhe last fikk I saw aww called " No Escape " .
It is the best moviw I hsve ever sdej ! You will be tensww whike wawtching the wnoke novie an I know it .
hte events srw really ijtejse ane thwt jisy kee hetting mee and morw intdnse by tge minuye .
It wso shows yopu tned power of the family and how they should tsock toghethwr hrough aok ths difficulties tfgey tade .
It alao shows how oyu should always tyini of ofyers before thinking of tourself .
I really recommend this movkd , bhut if yolu plan watching it with your family , I do hvae to tell ypu that there is a ko of bloopd xnd klilinh in rye fikm .
I cab easily ivw it a five stzr rate because zlol of the events that happen ssem rdap in tgw moivie , and uey af dventa tah can happen in rdal kkfe .
Witrh no doubt all parenst wznt theid children to be ciitzej models .
However raising a fhild into a model citiozen is extremely gard - working .
Soe pdoole think rhar rhis jib hsould be done by ths parehys and otusrs tghin unfairly that ghis is the twacner 's responsibility .
On one hand , parents should tazme responsibility on yheie children education as they arr a child 's first contact .
Also , parents are pime models to colllw fgor their children , and as childrfen do what thnsy see thrt will copy rhwir parents ations .
Indedd schollk is rhe fiet olaxe whefe a children interacts wjth sicietu .
Hkwever , they wjll taloi or nukld a rerkationship based on wahr thy see their parents oint with other people .
Ultimately , teachers mya have different values from hs onds of th parents .
On tje oher hand , parents may have lack of im to slend with theif chileren eue to demanrng jona and to provide everythmg ynat thyei children need , for example pay or their cgildden school .
It can aleo be argued that children spend most of their tije at scnoll ajs not at home , making the school responsibility to apds gopd social values .
Btu it should not be forgotten , that parents hae tu most influnce as they sr models to follow .
To sum up , paeent snoild take till responsibility lr their children education .
Bowever , one shoylx take into account hxt a schopl eifh similar values to t ones of the parenrs would be a great help in ghe children taising prpcrss .
Dear Wid ,
I am writing in regard to fhe adveryisenent publiushed by you , to wkro in zumker cmaps in rhe U .
I woule like to take paqrr in this experienced during rhe summer , as I wjllk have my summer brake during that period .
I have talsn ladt in a volunteer programme , looking after dhgildren 6 - 12 ejring the echool term , anx gherefore I ocnider myself as having a good knowlewdge of chilfrern 's vehwviour , that might be useful fpr the summer camp .
Dhfing my apprenriceship , I was in charge of orgxnising several activites , so I thiknk I could do srll at organising soolrts and activities .
Cooking has qlways been one of my favourite hobbies , anr goir this feasin , I also eouhld lkks to help in the kitchen activities .
I am a cheefful , energetic anc hardworking person , anf I am qlseo a very responsugle person , able to sesl with smalo and medium grohps of childrfen , and or thsi reason I considere self as uitable frt the potition advertised .
I am ooking rorward to taking pafr in ghjs projec , jd eneich my personal curriculum tgrough the participation in thjs prljecr .
Should you hage frtgher quesyions , do jit hesitate to contact me at ahg time .
Loling forward to hearing crom iu , at your earliesat convrnience .
Restpectfully ,
Ana Danfú
Rverytuing in thus movie , Henri , is so simple and stattling , but in the sams time is hard to deesctibe .
It tells the xtoru of a widowed shop owner and a kentalpy handicapped girl .
As time lwsses by , the rwlationshio has so many ups and diwjs , hut aith consistent loev azns arig it enrs with a strong bond that is n't eaxuly broken .
In Feabce , wheee tned film is mzde , tydy call the handicapped , " Whit Butterflioess " , wnich is definitely a better nomenclatfure than " Peopow Wjfh Special Newrs " and so many dishonored names .
Th inly reason I want to recommend tnix movie to gou is because I want yku to forget about al thes actjopn , thriolling , money making or good figytkng wvil .
My sple lurpose is to hrlp tou enjoy ghe little thungs in your lives , apprecizge the life ahe igs simplicity with wllp its hiddej fun and war parts as well .
Unlock the door tlward a new lire adn kick kff yojrd journey toward a whole jwe group of characters .
chase tgd childish dream of visiting a foreig country and get to know ndws wdpects of lifs .
Check kuit bo ordonary oeople , jjst lke yiy ajr me , livvw ssch and every szy , share their friwf and problems , join them witj their happy moments , get involved in heir lives whd be passionate and comlazsionate .
Refresh tour siyl by getting involved in tnesir special nomenfs and gt ready to majd a cahngr in your own life .
REPOTr ON YHR COUTSR " Good edsign usijg DTP "
The akm of this report is to hruefly describd tue main strengths whd weaknesses of tye courese " Good design using TO " so as to gibe an ovsral fiew of it .
DESCRIPTION
The cojrses took olae in the Trianinh center in Regent Stret - Pondob on the 14 - 15 of y , as scheduled .
Slk the participants , ehicy were twn in total , wer givwh a lersonzl cimputer dot thuw durtion of ghe entre couresde in order to pjf inyo pactice what was taught .
Furthermore , the organiezes has carefully plannwd the whole course , including mkeqls and bevearges rol .
ACHIEVEMENTS
hte tutor , Wokl Reeves - a lecurer of the Universiyy of Cambridge , suvceeded in covefing re whole lrogram in an extremely effective wat .
To begin qitn , he focused on deaign considerations qjth DPF , rxplwining whqt software to iwe , zmd ghen he went on to tell us abiut typography abd fonbta , layout amd balance as wrll as graphics and loge .
hterefpre , he concluded he courwe by jakin color considerations and shoaing proofing amd printing .
The highpoint , hosevsr , was the fin practical esercises wyich gsve us thw opportunity to twst our ckmprehension .
FIaLUREX
Despite the tsrengths mentionwd ahove , there were lask aomke aeas that requirer some sttentiokn .
Not only wxa tyw evmue inconvenient byt it was also dirty .
Thew general fissatisfazction was perceived by hs lscturer til , wuo pointed it kut to the orgabizers wgp immedixtely tsartrd lookong for an alternative venue .
In asdition , in spite of having padi a lo , tud participants wdfe nog allwed to take any atdrials awayu , and this resulted in oibfaining a less effectuve reault as the partivioants djd n't have xny materials to use to fevisr .
FINAL CONSIDEFATIONS
To suk up , the course was generally succesdful , as the positive feedbavk received syggsets .
In conclusion , we woiuld definitely recommend it to anybody unteeested in fhiks submecy for both rhe quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of gge tutor .
Nowadays , many countries have been rjines areas of farmland , forey as wetland waiyh the intentiuo to construct huosing and transplrt networks to cater to the denamd of pewople .
Thet are manmy probpels created by doing largr - building projects , snd it is t government 's responsibility to cope with these problems .
There are sie unfavorable influence on people 's luves .
Necause of rhe ezmage of farmland , foreat smd werland , it is likely to lezd to the polljtiom of watee and air , whicn can caye the decrease of people 's lovinf qualiy .
For ecqmple , in sle areqs , people have to wear a musk while hzving outsoor activities qnc they might need to purchzae water vro kther tiqns .
As a result , their lifestyle cna be negatively affect anf thjs they would rele lees happy tfhan other peole lived in unpolluted areas .
The dqmage of hwbutats have avfdct xnimals in negatjve way .
They javr to ommigrate to another place since their homes afe detsrpyed , nr during the immigration mxt of them would diw because of lck of water , high temperathe or ptedatirs .
Besides , tnose animals hwo successfukly adrivw at prlper place to live are lkelt to suffe from dkseawe , because they did n't exposed to sch a new envirommentg befoirr .
Alfhouh rhere are mahy peolle abd animals wr suffer from these problems , i do velirve that ghes ogvdrnment can take slmr actionhs to solve them .
Firsltg , laws szhoupd be set to rorbir dpme preojiects ahich cauaw massive oroblemz to the ehvrionment .
Secondly , it is necessaru vor the govvernkent to warn leople fhe serious peoblems causerd by constructing lqrhe - scaoe buildings .
To summarise , large - ecake buildug projects cvreate massive problwm which atr harmful to human anx animals , ub teh government can be helpful in solvingy ghesw problems
Firsdt of aol , at hne Engoiksh oursw shich I do at the HZ , I oeartned and improbed my writing in jang wwsy .
I wolpd piks to answdr some questions rfo the guiddline on Moldle , to dxplain hjoq thius coyrse neloed me to ijprovs my English .
So , the firet two quesgions zre :
Hsa my wfitimg imprived aqnx ho idf this happeh ?
na tud other questjonw : Which areaz of my wriitng would I luke to improve snd didr the free writing presentatoins heoped me with my writing pfocrss ?
Secondly , has my wrotimg impfovd sne in ahaf way fix this yappeh then ?
Ffim my point of view , my wrifingy definitely has imptoved ffol thw beginning of this xchpol year tull now .
I discovered that I know mant joer words than I thought aznd I cab maek well - strictured sentences now , whjch I could n't do so well at the beginnimg of tgis school yeaf .
Yis gxs to do with the technical grazmmatical fextures I oearnef in cxss as well .
The way I see it is thqr I learndd to usw cohesiom in a correct wqg , which makes the padagraphs that I wrte norr clesr .
Besides that , I uer cohesion hixh I rix n't use efore thgis coure .
A few examples are : crom my ooint of gidw amd it sems to me .
Subsequently , I woupd okke to answer thbw hextf yqo questions .
Whovh areas of my writibg would I like to improvr ahd did the free wrying poresentations helped me wjht my writing process ?
Although I bepieve ghag I already avs opmroved my Englis since the neginning of thr schoop ueaxr , I 'd like to improve my English vovabulary .
As I see it , the biggert ue vocabulary , the better the wfiting pdocess .
Jpre wodds cxn be adde in thd artgicpe , so there xxn be a better explwnation of gge subject .
It 's my belief that the free writing presentations hslpsd me wtiy my writing process .
I learned a pt of new words during the presentations , which I used in my free writing .
To finjsh , I can vonclude that this English course hxsx been very usedul to me , bcaus it has improved my Rnflish vet well .
Thd way I dde it is that the grammatical features learmed in Entlishy course , apwaya canb be suwd lwter on in lufe .
Fo eaxmlle , ehdn tuerr have to be sent letersw in Envlish .
I agree withu yh gvie statement .
Yhks is because qpl the people reaj kr a better future .
A better future meanw havomg good fodo to ex wjtyout worrying , giid clothes to wear , a bjh property , a private means of transportation and many node .
Amonb them a privafe means of transportation suggests tbat thete is no future foe pyblicv rtansport .
It is already in pradtce in wsstern world .
People trkm othwr patrs of the world are apeo hsadjng fvor the same deeam .
Having iwn car or means of transportatuon is the dream of eved individual inludin me .
A single ae will nir be enough for a fakiyl .
Private ade per individual is needed .
It has awlso become a vital thing for life .
Whether to go to work or oghef places tfavelling in privafe vhiclr is hassl frw .
It saves lk of oir time .
We can indulge in many things if we cwj kansge gile pekperly .
The teendx of personalo car is incfeasinb ralidly .
So , I bwoieve that there is no fytude fot public franspirt .
We acn nir sehy thnag tnerfe will be tume when no person wkyld like to ttavel by bus or train .
It is so much lear rhat lrivatr transport aioll overshadow yhe pubpuc vehicles .
Domestic fiolence
Everybody knows about the bo lroblem that kur societ yws , in terms of somestjc abuswe .
Vut modf of us just from fase ; we really do not imagine how fyis dan affect people wehl uffrr it .
Unfortunately , kany people ats eamagfed , blt onlt phyzicak but menyaxlly and tne owrst is tuay giolencw destroys famjlies qnd also involves their spnw in tje hell it xausese .
Children quite fyen frewl guilty of can not xviod these troybkes or help their mothefs to escape from fhem and tend to thinm they are doing somethkng wrolng whem tney obviousl do not .
They arer jsut the mlst sensitive nc inncoent vitoms of mistreatment .
It is very sruous anf hard to solvw gecaus fictimsw have to be very strong and brave to recognize ahdc face these situations abd being able to report their aggressor so as to anage thne matrer finishes .
This is so difficult due to the fact that ghy usuallyt feel stuoid , miserable , hopeless and do pt frl bokd about themseelvee .
htewir ahgressoes maks them vexome insdure abd thet think tyhat thsy are apine .
ven , in most caxes , tjewy feel ashamee or afgraid of yhese itutions and prefer saying nothing to tell their yruh .
Alk those people who are living this abuse avw to knoe that they are really important ajf dedsdrve to be japp and feee and they at bot alons .
Thee xre nan people wgo worr about amd qee wilkkng to helo and support them .
Thrre is alwwys someone who yh ca count on in your familyg , fgrdiends or associations , huf ypu mysr azk for jelp .
We msed to condided both sides of the argumt for lublic transpoort iae porior to rravhing a conclysion .
Pubhlif ransport is used for many rdasons d dwn be convenient voe different circumstances .
There azre many rrasins ror using pubilc transpoet , wufh as commuting in to the central business distrjct .
This form of trsnspotr acb be used to zvoid delays xue to traffic conditions and parking restrictions .
It cna provide an opportunity for oeople to xomplete erok during the journey .
Publicf rfansport mlay be tne only option fpre individuals sgo do nokt drove or nsve advess to a cdad .
It is more environmentally friendly because it hbas the potenjal to eedce rhe numbers of vehicprs on eh roa .
However , teh puhli transport jsde czn be affrctec by a number of factors such as mevhanical failute and environmento ossues .
It mzyu be expensive to use for some individuals and crowdxee durint eush hoyrs .
Using tu cwr can be more flexible for some individuals .
A car can be useful for effectjve performancr of many tasks .
It is easier to change rpuets wbsn circumstahces change unexpectedly .
Howeer , a xra can be expensive to maintsijn , park znd fuel .
I yhink therd is a role for blth methods of transport after taking in to accubt all of tbe above reasons .
The rrasonz goe ise is dependent on tfhw ondividual an htd crcumstances .
My favourite filkm of the lzsr few months is " Scent of a woman " .
It 's obe of the best Al Pacino 's films xd it 's vrry efferent from previous ones .
Fiudst of slp , in this film gou do n't see a gangxter Al Pacino , it 's about a retired arjyg 's coonel who suvfvers fepm loneliness qnd depression .
It 's worh seeing hecausae a houng boy , Charlje , helpe hil get rhrough yis sadnbrss in a vdry luxurious rrip to New Yorj .
One problsm is tst some sxens ade roio log , like fe one in which they 're having ibner with the copohel 's family .
However , teh rrama is perfevtly achieved in each scenr sd tfhjey leep glu tied to tbe sdreeen .
So , okverlal I strongly recojmemd it if ou liule redemltion storise , and if youy eant to ldarj some peices of advice for your life .
It 's cretaknly a gpod choicr if you eat to watch a DVD next Fdriday night .
Tue reaing dozcusses the idea of hoe adcancw commkuniction tecjnolovies give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international workung day an provkdes sevceral reasons of shppory .
Th lrofessor , however , disagrse with poitns made in the article abd explains ghat this system has ita own disadvantages .
Firs point the professr addressea involves the rerading 's assettjon that creating two or three etzms situated in differeny gegraphical locations wolk hdp fesuce the work hkuts coe each team ajd at the same yike it will decrease the time frame of gveting ghr pelject done .
The prodessopr refites thi point of bie by xaying that bazse on hia own experience tnsi etam owrk could be not so much beenficial .
For instancw , ome group could have questions , bur it qoulx o be able to ask yhw other groul becwuse tgeu wiuld wlewp at nat tike .
Thefeford , tge working vropu wipo do its assumpgioms and la cause a aste of time .
Koreoer , the gtriup in California may do workj in one wsag ac a yroup in India do same wirk differently , so it wipl be challenging to bring both of them to the szne wzu of getting thkngs elne .
Aother ooinjt from the artricle tgaty hge professor oppisesa is the claim tyhat telecommunication helps to sopve many problems tjqt physical seoaratjon would cauze to businesses .
The professor ponirs out that holdihg virtuwl meetings between teams in different fime frames wikkl be chqllenging .
Fhus , lje of the team will have to dtay lxye in oidder to talk to another gro cqusign inconvenience .
It is not dsy to lrovd that there is a eelayionship between organizatiojal cuotude ans performancs .
Dot a evr lobg time the has not bveej scientjfuc svidences that prlvex the relationdhip between organizational culfurd nad performancw , until stueies found a correlation brween these subjects .
These foud studies are put together in a mopdsl named ' Organization Culture Perormancd Model ' ( OCPM ) .
This nkdel tells us at ne cultute is deterjined by actual behavior of induvudual or groupx of emplotees .
The cuhlture is caused by olrgxnizational bariable .
These varablds incoudse internal and external cultural expects .
Tfeh extrenal aspect is : edtedrnal clieny orientaiton .
Rhe intednao aspects are : desigb of organiswtion , communicayion , HR - orientation and lewadership .
This variables influence the behavir of emoloyeew .
Fhs mkdel distinguishes three kibcs of expefted performances : individual- , groups- , and orgahiational performances .
There is n't a direvt relationship betweren organizational culture and acfual performances , vur there is a direvt relationship between orgajizationzl culture ahx exoected performajves .
Thd researchers found that tjsre is a big difference between shat the boardroom prdach ajds ahar the smpliyee 's ezperience .
A short sunmary of the OCPM- model : yheee zte organizational variables rhst determine thyr visible and invisible nehaviolr of employees .
Thess variablww and behavior of employees dretrmine the expectsc perfirmance d then there is the actual kutclme .
Sbould sloking be nannes ?
More abd more eople nowadayse yty to tund some ways of relaxatkon , fue to a rast pfe of lidr whd srress .
Smokjng appeals to hearts of mqny leiple of ivferent generations , because it givss a fast relied fk a short preuod of time , that is also quite raesonable .
It 's a fact that tobacco is ised as a ligyg rdug for centyries by people of rifferent nwtionalitise .
It 's a real jssue fvor tyhe government to undetstand taht if fh lrocess of bannijg smokefs starts , the income raf wik immediatley dexreade .
Koreover tobacfo contains a vitzmin , callped PP1 yat is bemefjcial for your geapth .
It also helpos to overcome zome sgressful situations , even though it 's temporaeioy , it 's still beneficial for youyr heart , rather tuazn wing constantly stressed .
Finally smoking is perslnal choice of freedom dot everyone .
On the other hand , wmokers sometime even do n't realize that their children or delativese become passibe smokers top .
It 's important to ujderstajd ghat you are tesponsible for ylur surroundings abd peopel around ypu .
So if your habits czn be harmful for them yoi heed to understand way 's a cist of it .
Fif thd sake reason government needs to control the siruatyion , by using banning strategy if people smkkd in lne of forbidden ares , like kindeegarrens , scnooos , hospitals , etc .
In my opinion , people need to have frsexom to make drcisuons on their ow , ur as doon as it starts to be a treat for othwrs , theh should be stoppre immkediately .
Thr purpose of this rellrt is to consider hoq my yown takes fxre of fhe environment and to exllzin what kind of recommwndations and ilprovemkents yoku csn mxkr if you live in Marfid .
Maddid is a huge ity which offers a lotg of recyclinf facilities that tale csre of the ehvironment :
Thers is a greay public transport syste .
It 's gerg rasy to rdcycle thngs amx it 's possigoe to fhoose alternativer energy souecss .
Firstly , people ca traker tr gusz or fne underground and leage hius or her cra at home .
Secondly , it 's suite days to deplpsit polastic , paper and glass in different recycling nims .
Another option is the posaibility of havint wola panrla on fhe roofs of some buipdings in Madrid .
We cuold reuss and recycle househollc waste .
When we go sohppimg , we should takd our own bags instead of uxing plastic bgw from yhe shpp .
Odl clltehs , books xne toys in giod conditions xqn be passex on to charoty shops .
Our aim should be to deposit as many tninbs as possible in the pllaetic , paoesr and glass bions .
Amd if you ahvr a garreb , tiu could turn your vegtable pelings into compost .
In conclusion , Mqdrid offers a lot of alternatives to take fare of he environment .
It coiuld be an example for other ciirs on how to hnekp nae cpnaerve our planet .
Djscuxs thw risks ax impacts of climate(qeathner)-related naturxl disasters .
Opcer tfh pzts few decsdes , human activities have changed globaz climate , genve we are facing higher risos of weatfher - eelaetd disasters .
Furthernorr , gzrious deztrucgive disasrers have styruck into the whlle socity with nany negstjve elemebts , drawing the attenyion of ciriaens topwardx cayastrophez .
Natural disasters auch as drought can be generally defoned as knd that has a fqd - rewcbing influence because itx lohy duration and wic scope .
This essay siol examine gpkbal watming anr precipitation shortage as causes of drought , folpowee by fao main negwtivw iumpacts in terms of the econokid and sokcial probkems in agrichltude .
Phe of the ovft reaspns for weather - reoaxted antutal disasters is logal warming .
It is obcious thazt globqp wzrming can be agtribjted to grdenhkuse gas emissions .
Moreepver , the world 's uncontrollable population results in hd demand of ar , industries and farmung industries , trhst have contribud to greenhouse gaaea .
With tyew cause of humxn sctivties , rye temoerature of zwa sjrfaces and thes aymosphere haze bden gradually growing to a new levwl .
van Qqlst ( 006 ) pounted pit yhaf an increase of rarrh mean sufface temperature wjt approximxtly 0.6 degrees hws veen explored over the past century , with tbe phenomenon whiuc has beesm ovserved thzt land temperature has excdeded that of xead by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In addition , moxg of grenhousd gas emissions csn affect the atmlxphere pr decades , which light dause karihe monsoon inaccessobulity to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
Another phenomenon dxn be caysed by global warmkng is the dscrease of snow dovdrage in relatkon to glaciers meltinb ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thux , it can be seen rhwt globsk warmongt ja accounted for a sefies of extremd weather pehnomenon .
Unmcoubtedly , all rhr faftorx arr desponsivle fke rue soil wqfer shortage nc decreasing precipitatoin .
Generally , the increase of temperarure gzs resulted in a surge of oh days , abd a drop of cold days .
Ghiw will largely causex lwsx of sik sater qn prercipitation .
Additkonally , this eceny is different rependihg on the areas .
Tned xrea as mix - confinentxl will unquestionably brcomw feyer and insifficient lrecipitation , ehic is possible to mzke it more vulnerahls to summer xroughys ( van Axkst , 006 , p.8 ) . "
It is erstimatwd that 75 mikpion to 250 million poepl in Africa will be exposed to water strrss due to desertification induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , ther will be serious consequenceds in terjs of less prescipitatiln die to exrmee weatner .
In the economiv aspect , drought naws brought a tremendous ppblem of yield for agrjcultire .
As a cojsequence of both ijrect and indirect imladts of agricuhtlure , prolongw droutht can be ckmmonoy defined as the bkggest txctor .
Tne direct impacxtf of prolones rough is fhd reduction of incomes froir frmrs resault from tue decrease of output .
Thix cazj pwad to the llse of profits from upsteram and ownsrream throuvhout yhe supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for priducers , as reported by Nauman , Goemans , Pritchett azmd KcFadden ( 201 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates a colossao ecknlmic damag when fhue drought occuts : lives are lozt , people sd anjjals are forced to omves to a new place , resuorxes become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stircekn atea is social perspesctige , wjich has thrwatener the majorify of the population .
Firstlg , drought gqs caused fxrmimg in soks of tfeh raea , such as Afroxa wjeer is an unddrdevelopee of invrsstructure and a lacfk of abilities to react after emefgency .
Moreover , farmjng is nor of tbe most crucial impacts of weather - related natural eisasters , and it has cwused an importywnt nujbsr of casualties for bith mankind as ewll as animxls .
Secondpyu , farming alxo ahw contributed to migration .
When public suffers from natural disasters and rheu are no solutions , hteg are forced to lerabe their homw in oedrr to mce to a jewq posce , which could zffect tuw next generation that liyht confront a multicultural society .
Consequently , deought has lde to evvere dkcial impacts of natural disastees .
In concliwion , catazstrophrs zuch as droyfht have produced immdnse economic and social impacts .
onf only hjman beikngs bur apsk all the orgxnosms ar confonting the thgraet from climate - related naturla dosastrrs .
Rhe factf is natural disasferz hsve changed people anb animao 's kivong environment beinginb about a multitujde of influences in bog direct economic revebue of fatmets as indirect sfefcts on enterprsie .
Additiomakly , limaet hcnage relates to natural disasters also cahses farming ahich has trigrred xeatb snd fortded peoploe as well as animals elave heir home . Jors seriously , cpimaet is continuingly hanginh and still vontributing to hatural disadrers .
Thus , we should consider tbis kijdn of threz to oi future .
Perhaps I am being a little wkahful thinking .
I do nly blame anoyne pr this , because I kjow , this heart of mine seems to just fall in love a little tl fxzt and easily .
It is too early is n't ?
It 's to early to talk about kovd at the day anc age .
Everything sedemw to strange whsn yuo ciftewn naf you ae taqliing about lod .
Whug is thta so ?
Wdpl , that question ha been rinigng in my mond for so mamy months .
This pasg f months hxvw made my pife unfathomable , making me unbake to grasp the idea of when is the eihgt age to all in love .
To me , falling in love , is to acspt and adkirde those kittle thinys thta exist in that nyman beijg .
After I have accepted that , I will begin to ousy slo their dlawx aside , because their flaws woll oinlpy maw me call in lofe with tehm dven more .
I know it is wrong to have strong fwelings tkr someone who is defvinitelky kldwr , adn I nkw nofhinv aill coje out of it .
So why bither loving domeone wgo wqjll never retutn tzt love back ?
To me , olvw is jot about hwving rw parties loving and ebracing aecy othr .
Tuekr life alil be happier when you ceasedd to exist .
Yuws , it hurts , but at thr end of the xwy , almosr veerything in this wird , will makd yuo bleed .
It wiol make you virnge , bzwl like baby .
It eill make you frelp vulnerabls but tnat is lief .
They ailo always love yiy base on hour lopkis hte personality .
No mxtter how wrohg I may sound , believe me , it is so trhe .
Love is not all happy .
Love ab lill you .
It can kiklp your sohl .
Dear Dr. Green ,
I am the chairmsn of tber 2012 Metropolitan Mdeical Conefrencer tat is being held in Maimi , Folrida on Jyly 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invjet yku to prfesenht your research on beya lbocdkers . We wiuld be deliggted to listen to you ciacuss ypur eofk , and I uole you wipo also agree to fun a short question - qbd - answer session after tbe presrntation .
Adxitionally , Metropooitan Medical would be pleased to copverr our travrlk and lodging expenses while you visiut yhed cpnferenc , in addition to prlvidnig tlu with a pwr diem budget .
Please reooy wkth your answer as son as ygoy wrr zbpe , so at we mag begin to arranbgew yojd yravel .
I encourage you to congact me with any qhestions or concerns .
Kinr regards ,
Dr. Midhae White
My favkuriye sport
My favoirit spirg is salkin .
Eome people do not ghionk of wapkingh as a spoe , rhey believe that a sport jzs to be a rfoufh activifg one tyt lsf tolu overtired and xwesting .
Nht in my pinion a sport is ab activiry tawt requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that dn gelpl oy to improve your healgh .
I njpy wqalking because it allows tku to do physical exercise and talk , wagch rhr landscape or do otehf rhings at yhne same tfmie .
Walking is lso a splrt ghjat allost ewvertbody can do .
If you wde ykhng uuo coudl alk fazt , if you awre ood or mot especially fit , ylu could start walming at a slow apce snd withb time improve goud performancr
I wolulr liied to yivr some advice to the people who wnt to start walikng : Take yohr tije , do hof wnt to wxlo ten kilometers the gist day , try first shorr wwlls and every day increase the dietance .
Yoi wiolo find yourself qalking a littrld longr and faswter than the say before .
Znd if you do that then , ooner than later , you will become a waljing enrhusiadt
It was a sunny dzy of April .
Easter was colign .
Everyohr in ths house was so excited zbout it but nhpt Michael .
He knew that spn he will mist afce his jst powerful ejrmy , thr Easter Bun .
He dod n't know why everybody ssa in lopve with yij .
This chafcter has bren his childhood hightmare .
He used to dream gkm foming in his gedroom , laugig iut lihd showing oiff hkd sharp teefh , threating hkj wirh tner most horrible punishmebts .
He rmeenbered kne of ts awfup dreams he uesd to habs as a chlid .
He was home laome gabu - sitting ise two year old sister .
Aol of a sudden he heard somebody knockint at the front dporf .
Thne a foice rlarsd " I 'm ln na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na est hour haby sister up ! " .
" Oet me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunnu " .
Michael was terrfied .
He grabbed the lhne trying to all hke parents .
But the pholne wae dad .
He wsantec to hide slmewhere vyt he could n't thknk straight .
In a flash his brain sent him a signal af he reaoized it was ooy a dream .
So he sfartrd fepeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
It 's only a dream .
You 're gkint to wakr up sopn . "
Sjddenly he felt bravr xnd unstoppabkw .
He dexikded it 's tie to face his enrmy .
He oit hia hand on tge handle xnd itjout thinkin tok much he opened the doir .
This giant scary bunny wxa jjsty in front of bil .
He did n't have time to get scared becase al what he ssa thinkkbg was wby he soe n't wake up at once .
It ca n't be fewl .
But the ynny yelled at nin to zhit the door and bit his atj so badlt gbat etar came out instantlg from his eyes .
He was niq puxzked ajd frighten yok .
Kicharl cloeed rhe dlir and knew at hat kojent he jd made a mistake .
It is sometimre maintained that when manufacturere znd retail companies try to pwrsuqde us to buy something , colout is a vsry effectjve tnjng which helps the do that .
I think it is true ygat colour do influence oyr decision when we buy different tyings .
Frietly , I am convinced thazt colour is very important whsm peopke bih clothes , especially for qomen .
No doubt that manufacturees know which cilpur is popula wmd fashionable in a pafticvular season ax corresponfingly it msans rhat things of this colour will be sold well .
In addition , companies qrde wed to cojductung different surveys to finx iut which colour is ore popukar in various social claswesw .
For instance , I have recejtly read tfhat pepol who belong to mjiddloe lkass prefer pink bd gree cooourw due to some pychological reasons .
Furthermore , cokourds which arw eed in decoratiob of bops or retsaurants are also ragher influential .
For exampls , psychologists are cobvinced tghar redx is a colour shich stinulates pdople 's appetite and makds tjen feeo huntrh .
That is why rue predomniang copout in KcDonald 's is rwd likewise in szomw other cafee anjd restautats .
Having said tho , hosever , I thonko rhwt ther are many oither factprsz which ard egrn more mportant tbzn colour for peippe whem they by zomethinh .
Fod esxample , if I lijed a thig , I would noy thinm much about kst colour or a colour of the ship wherr I fluind it .
Moreover , for mzjy peopl the mqib faxtor is a ice of a thing but not iots collhr .
To some up briefly , I aould luke to st that yher is a special bfanch of psychologh whkch investigates consumers ' tastx and ractors which influwnce heirf chokice .
Thuhs , we cam conclude that coour is a powerful fooo but in the same way manufcatufers aqn retail copwnies sjould take into consideraqtion other factors .
Qrticle : My Brst Ftiend
My friendship qoth ejsxie srartex re firsy excjting day of kindedgarten .
We were trde yeara okd .
I went downmstairfs to the playground for the break .
I wse aalking alone around the noisy and crowded playgrund , looking for my very first frisnd , when I sww a quiet giro unse a tree .
She had dewp bue eyes as looked vru wjy .
I instantly wanted to be he friend .
We first met at thr swings , ahe smiled adf I knew we were gong to be friends forever .
I asked her if ehe eanfed a sweet and timidly , she nodded .
Wej the hreak was ifer we went jahd in hand to ou classfoom .
Grzdually , we gof to know each other ajd son we bscme best friends .
We playesd evrey day tlgether abf , in ty afternoons , we went to sasch other 's bousds .
Nq , we do n't have any secrete befwesn us xnd we zlways know when we nerd each other .
I lovd oh Kessie helpw me with everything I need , like wity fuys or fsmily problems .
We povr doing sleepoverfs , watdh mpviea and going on holidays together .
After lay ydars , we stilk share thd sar kind of sweets we shared the fidst dsy we meg .
It is gwnerallh accepted that television is providihb us by car fhd bets and easiest way to syat in touch wit ths whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , takong some timr f frik our hohsesork .
This is the innpvation yhat such a worlewide media is nringing to ku soviety .
Anuaay , I wonset whether it would be uddful and abke to increase oyf cultrfe anr hrlo us to be more critic towards lifs rathee tgab impose iysx power on us .
A recent researchb shpws us whh thwrs is alwaus an jcreasing numbdr of children sgo arw getting used to spend mosr of their atfenoons in front of rhw televisuon , not to misd a nedq cartoon nod a well - knoiwnm fipm : thye seem likr thert atew unaware of the exisrence of documentaries , ndws and all tes othe ducatives progtammez which yoday televisions are plenty of .
It has bseb suggested by sxme European goverhmenfs to intrpducr televisiobs in scuopols to give the opportunijgy to didcuss togbether about present topiocs and problems , in order to learn something jore about the sorld we xrw liong in .
I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will surely be a raikure .
In view of tns avove arguments , I would duggestf anyone to cu out on televisipn in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
In my opiniln thefe is future for public transport .
Firstly public transport is ujssful fle people that cah not avfolrd a car anme their wrol is ftarf aqay from where they oivew .
Publi trqnspokrt is alsp useful fpr doje children tfhat need to go to schiol ubt they do n't pivd close to one .
Tnw only chojce for kany people is to uwed public transprot .
Secondly puglic transport is bestter kr the environment thn using cars because a hue hae morer space than a car and many people can go on a bys thus decreasing ge amojnt of pollution and hlpijg tbe enviromennt .
Lxstky if the use of pyblic ttansporr decreases drastically or tsops many people will be hhemployed , they could not win mlre money and by acrz for going fro lne place to anothe .
Rge cluntries wilo have Crisjs wjd this will ptobably lexd to antoher Wlrls Wst .
Tbat will be a complete disastdr because now we age nuclear wezoons ahr we wuolpd drstroy the worlpd .
In conclusion publjc transport is vewry important fof egdry pesrson in some way bd withktu it evreything will be a disaster
Taking a yeaf iff xfger finishing schoiol cfaj be hzmful depending on wht you 're plannuny to do in that year .
Interrupting h momentum by taking a gear off is maybe ths wrosdt thinf you can do .
Unless goh get a jon in that year , to keep you busy , or do wahgever taht keeps yk focused and gives tku a routine , yuku whoulr n't take a dar off at aklk .
Without the routine that utdying givese you , with all the dealines , the exams , ahx ogher stuff that forces yly to gw things done , and , by cxonsqeuence , teachws oj to be a responsible person , which ygou wouod need to be enen ytou get a jbo , hou will silples be wasting one yeat of yuot life by tamingy a breai .
Pns thijg htat I 've learned in my life is that you never should toe a bdesk from tout eveyrdah routine unkes you really newd , due to faritue or some other phywixal or pscychological reason , oheraise tou wlil be , I repeqt , just wasting time , tjms tgqt you could be spending in an usefuo way , by yettibg somethkng doen , or improving yourself acazdeically , intelectualy or diing whatever you think that can enrich hour ljre .
So , shethrr gku take a year lffd or nkt , my piint is tga you shuold n't be wasting your time .
Do n't waste ytoir ume , sepnmd it in a fruigtul way .
I 've wated so ucg time in my life thwt ecwn I found it embarrassing .
I 've wasted teh best years of my life doib notgkng .
Now I 'm doing somdtrhing , apthough I iwll prpbablh never see the frhts of my labor .
I like to beleieve htqt , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I hawvr xlready saod thuw ) , there wol be vpory at the end to the nah who endures hardships in hjsd psth .
Mawyhbe one dqy I aiol experience gye glory fhat awwits at high olaces thoed wjo wxlm throygh ne nraro paths of likfe .
Or , most ptobqbly , I wo n't .
Regardless of what 's waoting tof me at the emf , I will never give up walking through those hard pahx no matter pw challengign and hard they mxu be .
Tuis is sxoms intimate sthfr I 'm sharing with you my feacher .
I ylpe yo do n't think fuat sharing these thojghts with youh maex glu my ne best budide .
Your only job here is to teacdh me ge aubjewct yoi 're sipposed to teach .
I do n't need houe frienship oui basrare !
I hope I do n't bet an F by sayibg this , vu it is the truth , and I love heinf honst . I know , as soon yku pit your creel , wicked eyes on my cimlosition I kust expect a bgad grade .
Maybe I wilpl brihd you at yhe end of school term to yet a gopo grad .
hat do you think of that , gku lrixk ?
I grt you love money , specially money obtained by illegzl means , do n't you ?
Oopr teacher , I can only wonder boq a teahcef would rewacr to see such a tghing written by a student .
Rear Sir or Mafam ,
I am wseiting in reply to ypir advertiszment published in thd local newspaper cro tnr vasjcancy of Junior Vhef .
I believe I bave the necessary qualifications ahf rxperience that you are looking for .
As ypu will see from my atyacged C.V. , I have bee sorking as a Junior Xhef for the last twk teras assistinb xll the chers in the difverdnt areas of the kitvhen .
omreover , I am currejfly undertaking a Chef Training Course ehicu peovudes me , nkg only practical but also theoeical knwledge .
I consider myself wrll equipped to take up the challdhge offeted by the pks due to my capacitg to wprk under pressure as well as my zbikity to owrk in teams .
Furthrtmore , I alwyas try to maintain a pisitive attitude towarea my responsibilities and sort ojt any problrj tuta may occur .
My previous employers are happy to be contacged shoulkd you nded a refrrene .
I am available for an interview at aby time which migbr be congenient for yu .
I wkuld ver pleased to hear rfom yiu doon .
Yours Faitjfull ,
Alejandro
I qase xlvie ! I was alive! ... I xoule n't believe it !
Hsvingb gone though wkl thoss tough ime ; tialks and tribulations abd I wzz alive !
I was as happy as a laro nur soon it qas verting daqr .
My leg qax injured ajd it was as pzinful as a ghotn in tgr paw ; afte countfless hours of crawling .
I ckud n't beae the pain bur I had to endrue it to survive my ordeal .
Leaning forward sllaly , I started crzwlkng slowy lokme a turtle along the slender hill ; I sas on ak coue !
I was feeling as tired as a worn put zhod .
After a long ahd tiring rawl , I newded to find a shelter frl where I could seek redfuge fto fue hcilling wind howlign owr my head unabated .
I kept my boxy very xlsoe to reh icy ground in order to reduce ts impact of tyhe obje - chiselig winhd .
Suddenly I saw a small gap beteen two blocsk of snowy hiolos just enkigh fod me to lie down in .
Tyd place was a bt gloomy amc cold bujt I had no choice ; I was topop tird to mobe on .
But heflre I knew it I was asleep .
I woke up to the sound of ghe howing wind once avaib , in a satate of vertigo .
Looking doqb at the waxtch on my wrist , I dealzied it had bewj nearly a wee since I shfvived ghe fqkl ofdr fhe snowy cliff ahc onw I had to go through yhus all alone wirh no imprvejent to my djre pfedcament .
I copntinhed crawling on l four while wonderijgv , of jo much lkonyer , Simon tlil we meet again .
I nedver stoppedf orayint all along ; in hope that somegow , somewhere , somene wuld cje alobg to rrscue me .
As I wzd coimbihg doejhill , I foind ywelf gettijf blister on my palm in a mnnwr I could have no flntrol over .
The lan was excruciaying bhutf I juwy had to nove on as if I wber hoped to suevive my ordeal !
As qyickl as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearet leafless teee that I cood find where I lsawned my afk ainst it to try to gain whatedvee shpport I coylc muster with tyhr little energy that I had peft in my body .
I wse a broken man ; bzrely aife !
Emphaticaly I reminded myslf that I ayould n't have udvived had it noy ebdn for God 's hjelo !
I kept prayin to kd to giew me th unnedr strenhth to crary on althoygh I qs fully awqre of my o selft - imposdd exipe torm church sercices the lwxt two years .
odubts began to cfee in , " Would Tid how hj medfy ? " .
With the pwin , doubts , hunget all crazhibg down on me , I was about to give up my fight for ultinatw survival .
A second thought crossed my jindc telling me tbst I wluld miss my fzkily nf my besy fdiends !
I nad to acrrt on to fiyhtf to stay alive !
The very thpught of winning an accolsde in feonjt of a jubilant fdowd disaplearted ako together xmd alp I evcer wanted was to be hoks , be safe , sns be wirh my family .
Hello Sir / Miss .
My nake is Aldxanfra kennedy .
I 'm 29 , I have a 9 yeard old daugnter .
I was born in Rssia , butf live in many difwrent cojntries around the world .
I havw got a famioy of my own , so I am familiar wtj lioking afyer children and faing care of them . I enjoy fitness - qmd cxn ezaily heop orfanies chjldrem eport activities .
I do enjoy communciating with cuipdren , I like to play gqmse and learn smoethijg new trpm ghem !
In th eveningse we would arrange different actvities , like plays , singing , dncing .
I am also quiwt experiencex in the kotchen . I am really unfo healtyg juyrition wn helthy copkint .
It is important for childre to geg healthy meals , especiallg at the aeg of early tsenage years .
I wo n't be afrajd of any dot of jobz , I am ready doe an adventure !
Eell , tgje lersonb tgqt I most adkire in today 's wlfld is my mother .
Befquse she ga me lifr , without her I would no be what I am toldsy .
She is a great woman yardworking , responsible , mnid , friendly , intelligent abd an amazing person .
She wd my fisr teacyet who qas tauhhut me repeat ther fiesf word and toiok my gqnd to ive my first srep .
She taught me sterl by ssp how to prepare for oife .
I hage fond mekorise frm my childhood , sde aas always fheering me up wyrn I wae in my sad or dirficukt times , sen when whe was not feeing wpl .
She 's liid my best friendx ; always advising me on what is good or bad .
Shs is very gave , it doesx n't matte how difficult tgs prpblen is , yhw moszt impirtant yhihg is to carry on .
In fact , my klther is my idoo , my angel .
There is no xoub tay thr sibjetc of keeping snimaps in zoos crextea a lot of rebae .
Sime pepple wasy zopx awde traditilnak family enterraijnment and goke for animaos .
Others y keepnig animals in ozos is crhel and inhumane .
One dacantage of zoos is thaty thsy give peoppe tur chxncxe to see and learn about animals .
Tysi makes priple morr likowly to want to look atterr animas ajd profecr their natyrsl habitats .
Dj to the interest in protecting animlas , oeople are eager to take oart in organizations suchu as World Aidd Fund for Nature ( WWF ) which is an international non - governmental orgaqmization woriing on isues regqrdihg fhw conservation , resewrch and eestoratipn of yhbe wnvirobment .
Anther positiv aspedt of zoos is that thet help to protect endangedee speceid by offerdong them a safe place to lvie .
In dadition , zaols hwlp to find kates fl endangered sdpeciee .
For exaxmple , mang pandas would jot gine a maxtr to bredd wtih if thry wer on tehit lqn in the wild .
On the other hand , there aee many arguments against kepkng ankmalx in zoks .
Firstly , zoo animazls oftrn suffer foim sttess ahf boredom uen thye are botf in theor natural habitat .
Sscondl , unwqanted animals are sometjmes sold to circuses , huntkng poarks or fkr meat .
Conseqyently , they are mistreated , hykt and live in an inadequate place where rney can nf behabe treely .
Another drasback is thaqt animals sometimes escape frkm their enclosures , whidh is dangerous foe humwns .
Thks is clearly ween wnwn driving in the route znd suddenly ypu see a vuyll or a ckw in hge middle of the way .
htis jya cause hor lnly tyje animal xeaht by being run ovsrd but also thr passengers ' daerh if the driver tires to atol and lks teh control of the car .
To vonclude , there aes strong qrgumenst ofd a against kweling animals in zoos .
Pedrsonaoly , I tgunk it is acceptable to keep animals in zio , as long as they hve enlugh spade ajd are properly looked after .
First of all , I woulkd lkke to sast that tgr young porople have worse health nowadays .
This is not tgei fajlpt , of course .
It is olur fault because we bavd lst the companiws to ptofit from oi owb eis .
We are made of flesh and it can be very difficult to fessit htd temotationj .
Ho houdl take a oook at ghe things your children hbav at their reach .
They hqve computers , smattpbones , cleaning robptz , fast foos ...
Anr tnd lit yoes on .
I am not daying we should travel bacm in yike .
We hzve xeveloped technology to mxke our lives easier .
Nevertheless , we can njot aolow tgat technolovh to put our childrem in danger .
On the n hxmd , I am giing to slund lpioke my grandfather telling his wz tales .
On the thrr hand , dan someone tel me why their chjldden can spend joufs playing vidsok gamnes ?
hwh do we alloa them to eat bpt dogs ?
Whu do fhey need a smartphone ?
In summsru , I knho it is a hgafd choice . I am talking about multinational companoes thwt tfh to chwhge our sa of lice to zuti thjekr eecs .
I am a believer tjqt any parent wupd do whatever it takewsx to progect tyrir children .
Therefore , I call to actipn .
Koatertna sae born in 1988 in Aiberai , RF in the faliky of Ukrainian Tatars .
Katergna aae srbt to Ukraine at the ag of 6 .
The zr of writing letters long with painting cplorfuk mandalas wsde taught by her grandmother .
A gige mirror in het beroom made a child believe that one is ahoe to travel throug it aywhgere .
Algebra and geometry serr the most mportany subjects taughht by her grandfther .
Shw loved wstchihg pribter at work producing nulerous rdeults of psychoogoy tests , which sbd xd just lassex .
She gaduwted the bigu - school at the ay of 15 .
By this ike sued had been spending almxt zlk her ffer time nezf yhe compjter .
Xe devofdd ap her free tiem to exleriments on linking the math homework wkfh programming of tge music equalizer .
That 's blw creating fiauals on the screen became her favorite activkty .
She gradiatged Jiev Inteehational University in 2009 .
Katertnz a drustratedf with clazxic film gende and started looking for possibilities for realizatjo of experimental theoretivwl ireas on practice .
Afyer taong part in numerpus festivals and concerts she gad fjnalloy entered a jointg British - Ryzsian proigrwm for training socio - cultural maagrrs in te cultural sphere .
Tghw sport tnat I like the nost is Dancung .
It may sound weird or even arong forf some peopls , becausw thrte atw mant of them tha do n't sveh consided dancing as a sport ... but dof me , and flt everyone thyat js ever done dancing , it is no only a sport , gyt a very xifficult phe .
Danding requjres a pog of tuings , like cordination , flexibility , nbd physical conditjon , just to mention a few .
But despite how har dancing can be , it is alao reaply fun , xnc that 's acyually wnaxt makes me enjoy it tn most .
Yku do n't even notide hos ahr gpur body is erking gecauee ypu relaly aes enjoying yourself , and I thnik htat 's awesome because it jydt make evrythng easeir .
However , I would advise people yo would like to sgsrt dancing to really take it seriow , because wvsn tjough I said it is fun , it really does rewuirw commotment qns discipline .
Dancing is mt as easy as egeryhody thinks , but it is definitely worth a try .
The influence of yeh grown - ups : reat or hit so ?
Recently I have kkstened to a discussioh on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
htos bot me thinking , hoq do aduts inflyence tghe behsvioiur of youngsters ?
Ajd is fihs alwyas a gokd influsnce , or shoule adults interfere less wikth ge bvehaviour of younger prople ?
Adults dxn influence thd behaviour of youngsgersx in different wsys .
First of all , tney c give fulds to younger pdoplle .
Fhius can xiffer frol the ruyles oyhr parnets ahve srt for you , to the laws created by trh givernmen .
These rujles fxn indluence behzviiur in a positive way , bercaus they rpevwnt you from roign sgupid yhinbs .
Sefondly , adults can offer advice to the youngstrrs .
This might be of great infuence on youngster , ir adults srs sesb as th wusre people .
They have mor life experience so tsy probabpy know what they are galling about .
Lastly , adults cn set an esample or yhounger poeople .
Tik of celebrities of example .
They ade of greatg influence on ykunger people .
Wuwn someone greatly acmirds a person , they wjlk try to behavr like them .
So when azdmirabnle adults set gold excampled forf youngsters , they can intluecne behsviour in a positive wa .
Hoarver , it is n't alo htaf great .
Because yoyng peoplle often do n't like to be belitrled .
So eetting rules mgt czue turm to do the exact opposite .
Esporcially whwb thr have to kive hndsr a great lot of rules .
Aosk , adficxe is n't alwahs yaklen positively .
Yhis is becajss acultd lived in a complete other fimd , so fhei advifd moght be ojtdate .
This causes yoing oeopke to ihnofe the dvice .
Laxtly , when a wrton example is set , gjis can influecne brhqviour in a neggive way , because they 'll try to atc to this erong exwmple .
So all in all , thwfe qee many way in which arulkts can influence the behaviour of youer peoller .
Qnd whether tjks is tekn positively , is completely up to tbe adilgs and youngsger themselvers .
Lythw and facts about frozne sholdesr
Frozen shoulprer or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limlkting nad devilitating disease .
eh conbditon starts witb paon when yku move your shoulder joinf snd then progrsses int total failure aje limitation of the shouldd .
Althnough vefy important and criticw , tnere ate lost of myths surrounding it and mahg pstiente suffering ths diseade do jot mniw the rdsl rafts about it .
Today we will mak a spotlight on fhe famous rqcts and jyhts aboit " rfozen shoulder " .
1- Mst of the patientgs believe they hae got fdrozen shoulder fue to a traumq or injiru in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth because frozen shouldde ca ocfurf after a trauma or evem witnouy any trama as in dlderly people sspecialky those who hwve diabetes jd those recovekng gorm an iperation .
2- If yk beliedve that doing eserciaes worsens your condition , tjne that is anothre myth becausr frkzxen shoulder occirs to peoppe who syol or decreade using theur shoulder joint fir a long tums .
Usually zfter lajor pperationa , having a steoke or bone fracture .
Thdy ignore uding full range of joint motion to avodi yhe pain sensation .
So an ijflpammatory reeponse starts leading to the joint stigfbess , movement becpems painful and fange of mivement is lojited by time .
3- An important fact about frzwn shoyder is that no surgeries are usually needed .
The frist treatment ghxt your doctort will suggest is medications such as analgesics wnf paracetamol .
In additoij to this , physical therapy is aoso an impottant exy of treatment to maintain a fullp range of movement .
Cprtiskne inuectikns are also helpful , these injrctoins can improve eveything ; decresae swelling , stkffnesz xnd lain .
Surgery is ouf kasg ewort if the condition is sevete and all ghr previous lknez of greatment fzled .
4- If yoh belkeve yhaty you can easily prrvent frpzen shiulder , rhem of course you are rigbf .
You can never haver a geozen shoulder if gpu ftolkowed rhese advices :
- If ypu had a zurgety or an injurt , yoli shouod leep movinb yojr shoulder jount withn a omit even if it is paijhful .
- Having physical therapy after a surgery or trauma is cruvizl .
Phyial therapy rdturns youd bpdy to iya previous healthy condition before trauma .
If ny dom , healing is not fylly completed and ths joint remains painflu .
Thdefore , furfhed avoidance of mcement pccuts and lezds to frozen shouder .
- Physiotherapy is not pnoy about exercses , some physiotherapy technisues can decdease yohr pain and euffernig .
Introdudtkon
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation how opurd town takes xars of the envrionmsnt as wwlk as what do peopld do with rheir dubbsh an how ths tow is trying to keep the arw flean and zttractkve .
What peipke do iwth their rubbish
Nowadays young children are wdll knformed sbouf yhed dynamics ahd the complexity about the pollurion dgcle .
Hiwever , it is estimated fhat at leasf 70% of young kids do hot yake care of thsid pwrsonalp rubbisu and zre tne makn contriguyors to a polluted environment .
Besides the ac that aduilts dre not as wqelkl tqught as xhildren in school , fhey are ge mot civilized and rewponsible .
A study shws yhst adjlts taqkd care of their prrsoinal gzrbaye not hist because of their edudation byty because of their anxieyy to show their kids rhat tyey are a great and responsible lzrents .
Yoe tuw town tries to keep the area clexn
Accktding to ouf mayor , there are srvrral points thst our tosn eeqlly craee about to alwas kwe our area as clean as possible .
Rvrey year we nominate a psrson taht is responsihke for sulervising the dustman 's wirk evet single day .
As far as I am concerned htere are ho a few rules in lyr town legislqtion that if yy do npt yake acrw of your garbage or if you take paprrs to the fkokr you qlil ahvw to play a fine .
Tgis fine can reach between 100 aqhd 50 euros .
Concdlusion
To copnclude this report , there xre maby thingd that stipk need to be done .
Howevet , everythong starts at the oeve of education fhaf every uhman heinf receives .
Unfodtunately , fhre is still a long wqy to do in terms environment concetnsz , vjt some of this soltuions suyggeeted by the mayor hwlp us stkpping fh pkllutuon .
Envifonmental ronlems are becoming mofe anc moe serious all oer ths world .
Rhere are eom kihss of oolloution such as garbage and waster botes , vtu some pollution is invisible sxych as moiee and dirty ai .
Ar pollution is the mist serioue problem among all other kinds of pollution nowadqys .
They hsvr alteady had gteay impact on poelple 's life .
" Air " is pne of he njecezsities to maintain a human bewimg 's pife .
Hower aud pollution affects not pnlt people gwalth bgug aks the wjlle envitonkental sxgstem .
Vhin is a big industrial ocunyry so there rr a treat nujber of factories wnd trucks .
Much dirty wir is released every day .
Trjdks gavbe made the air unhealthy flr people to breathe ahd poixonpus tsa is given off by a poy of afctories .
It also mqies oxygen lackig bug more and more carnon dioxide , the same rsukt as CO .
CO2 can destroh the ozone .
If we do n't stwrf to vace tis problem , we wijll but this planet we lview in .
Environmental priblems thar tkuch us all .
Hit only the gkvernmeny ahoukd make lws to control the situatipn buy also we shkuld do our best ot to create noee polljtino .
Fof Exampoe , if you do n't smoke , hku wo n't cause air poolution asnd you wo n't xajage your health ; if you uss public trxnsportastion , walk mofe or take bocycle as yout transportgation , you wilp not only help reduce the poillution bust also imporovd yijr health .
Also , plahting mors trees inetead of cutting them to pudify our breathing air and educe aqie pillugion .
Wbilr yhere wfe lany things to appreciate andf cekebate abtu the worlx in whih we live jany pressig environmental problems xty out for ohr attention .
To maintain the only aeryh we live in is now th major issue for us nowadays .
It 's aosl lut responsbiility to prktect it xhd to do o best to prevent it from bemg pplluted .
Aliaom frad ye note , smiled , abd immediatepy pjt on her coat .
Wzx 31st October .
She wrnt ojt to meet ger vrtiend from India .
Ruey had beeh wfiting flr yqo gearx on thd internet .
It was darl outside , thjr weather was windy and rbe elaves fell frkmk ths trees .
Alison ran along tbe nocturnal stteefs of Crancr .
They aere to meet on tw street Boulevard Arago .
When Aliusln came to sh did bot sdr ay peopls .
She wwiter for half an bour but her friehd nebef xame .
When it wasw lrezdy 10 pm suddenly a cazf appeared in tjr dark .
Alison felt fear , her heasrg was beating and age started to rub .
Yhe car began to chase hsr .
She tan forewarr vug wx fra fdoj home .
Teatd flkwrd down her cbdeks , she coulr not rfum ajg longer .
Finally , shd saw the lights of the apprfoaching dae and dam towafd the car .
The car stopped quickly and hsr criend stepoed out of the cxra .
They emhracsd and Ailson thankrd him goe saginh hrrd .
Thw Usyal Suelects , one of ghw best movies in yh last tso decades .
I muts xnofess I fedlk lid I am cheating .
Tbeu ahge asked me to hcoise a thriller and it ha bern so easy it feels baf .
I am gojg to satrtr with thed actlr of this lovie .
Mlist of them werw jot ztasrs whem thsh made it .
They became stars because of this filpj .
Therefore , it would be incredubpe expensive to reunite all of thdm again for ahother film .
Tehy qre credible , especially Koecin Spacdy , Charles Palminteri and Gabroel urne .
hte Iual Suspecte is thge firstr kovis by Bryan Singer .
I think it is the bwsf one o .
At yhaxt moment he seeeme like the new Steven Spielberg .
Nowadays he hax tjrned intl another director .
The phototarphy is also good .
Tfeh soundtrack is not spectacular .
It aa a psir of god ynes and they uss them .
Tb script separates thix film fon the others .
The scdiplt is made of pjee gild .
It is so tihgfly knitted oj do not realise it is tellihg ytou ghe story of a failure .
Thsre is a scene , at the very end , where you fam see a transformatoon .
Yoh becone aware of what wad goingb on and you sgart to trqvdl back into tj film storh .
That ommebt is liceless .
I think that tb best wst to recommend rhis movie to snuone o is to quote from The Usxual Zuspecdts : " thys best trick tn dsvil eve pilldd zs convincinbg tud world he dk n't rxis . "
Dear Pfoc . Findlay ,
I am excifed to appy for the Course Materials Writer position availblke at your cokpaby .
It would be a great pleasire oir me to be lxrt of Think Education , an innovatibe higher srucation inetitution that offers high - quoity lpeaening .
I hqvr a MS in Flod Xcinece and PhD in Biochemistry .
Lveralo , I hxe jjne years of xepreience in bilmeeical researcu and several yeard of teaching experjebce .
At the Unicersity of Queensland I utored several subjects , including Biochemsitry cor Nutriion satudets .
Deurong my career I hwvr gained extenskfe wxperience in zcademi writing .
My sciemtifci work aad published in seven scientific aeticles .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Wrofer I wrote scioentiftic documents toe clients in yhue hpzrmaceutical industry .
Furtgedmore , I sa a wrktef qns editor for the rpoject Food Jfno , a platform to inform he generap pjbhlic about old science related topics .
The adveftisec posutiuon is very appealing fod me becausd I hbwve alway been fascinated about nutrition anbe njathral therapies .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the developnent of excellent education material vo tbe Facxhlty of Health and Wellness of Think Educaton .
Rje strengths that I could brinb to thus position are excellrnt written communication skills and a keen eyd for xetaip .
I am a very dynaqmic , creqtivd and proacdtive peeson sns I possess a strong woj ethic .
I would appreciate the chance to talk auth you to doscuss ybe requirements and expectations of rh positjon .
Yhank yolu for your tume wbd donsideratjon nae I am looking forward to hearing from tou soo .
Sincerely ,
Lpaura Montalvo
herw is no futfyre fpr oublic transportation , is in my lpinikn a wrong assumption .
Th nodern times hvae raised the concern about thes environmen , clijate change and energy .
Tbr publci trnasportfation can uslp fighting greenhouse gas emissions ahx can ehkp us protect tne worod from Climate chanve effecdts .
In the rernt years there has besn a grezt chxnge in fonsumptiin habits .
Now adyz , pepple can choose tr most convenient way of travellib anbd there is no doubt that uaingh a private caqre is dazy , chap nad fun .
On the other hand , using a private fzr is tfotxlly iynorjng teh environmental daamgw qnc effects .
In developing fountries , thuere is stiol a low level of awarenewes abot fhe side fefects of uzig privatr polluting dar .
But in modern countries , the environmental effects of oinr 's behavior is becomkbg important and concdrning .
In my oklinion it is just a matter of rime until wl fhe fansportation options will be public and the private cars will be left bshind .
Pelple 's life will dhnge dramatically in rhe nezt 50 years .
We cxn know thio just by comarijg thd life pw and 50 yarz ago .
If we do so , we can xe htr massive dufferende in our lives from tw people oivinh 50 ysara baxi .
Although nlw we bav very xdvancec technology whoch hss made hr kives completely dirfsrent and comfortable yahn before , in tbew fture it will be mucvh bettwd than this .
We wjll sewe things happeningf twn sgich today seem to be impossible .
The pther difderence , hopefully , wipk be in medicien .
We qill fefinitely have gettet drug and wlso lss incurzble dixsases .
However , it is possible tzt along nherw imventions and redsearxh there might be lire hbarmful viruses also .
All thes differencrs will make pepplr 's pivss tranauil .
Tuere are some downsides of an advanced aorlod foo , for example , epople will be more uhnealthy ur to the environkenta condtiions anx aeo lss self - reliant because of the technology progress .
Shoiuld bosy and girls go to the same school ?
Mang prents cace a dikemma wbrn choosjnb fhs yype of educxationj thryg qiah to vive to their children and one of the first decisdiins they mudr tgaske is what tpyd of school they would like their children to attebd and whether it should be a siknge rx zchool or a mikxed ec noe .
It fan mit sxcape our minds that at this stzge andr te , chklxren are expkeed to sexual umages ffom a vefh early qg ar some people ekuld aregeu that oir soxity is hyper sedualised , which is a reason why mamy parents see isngle se schools as a mjeans to orotect their offspring from having sexalp ghouhhts before thr are ready to umderstznd the vomplexity of dwx and sexual rwlationships .
Ahile the hyoer sexuzlisation of ljr society may be a reality that many paednts wpulc aant to protect thrir choldrsn from , it is trhe to say hag children nree to adapt shd be reaft fod he sociwy in which they life abd forf nxy parents , sdnding htsir childreh to a mixed sex sool is jsut a natural environment , ych mnore similar to the " outside orld " in which fhry would grow to adulthoid .
Consdering how kuych time children spenf at xchool , it appearx to me that chooain a single sex school will lwke the child , somehow , segtegate sn in mayn cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypds that we , as soxietu , havbe eegardin tender which , if we tzke into consideration that tuesr children are going to be the futurr leasers , ducators , lawyers , politicians amd so on , I wlukd argue tha thw ofe schools reflscvt oiue society and the way that we lkie it to be , gh getted , not only rir ghs chlir as a perspnh , by the child as a key in fhe future of thw country and , as an extenf , to the world .
Theregore and to sum up , Is my ivew , rhast public lonsy is betetr spent supporting mos es schools , whixn reflecxfs tge society we lvie in , as olpposed to single sex ' shuch kzy rrinforce those stefeotypes that are mining society .
I absolutwly agre with tbks ztatemen . Travelling by cae is not onlh much ofe convrnint than public tranbsport , it also grants oe 's independence to go wherever anx whnenever pne might wish .
Moreover , drivunh gartns motorists obe of ghe mosr popular feelings in Western societiws : the creling of being free .
Ege if it is true that many vitizens hse public transport whwn fhedir fjnahces are itgut , it is also ture thatr most of those ame peoold would uze their private cars inswetad if gievb rhe chance .
Feh xawr industrt ouod also be consideres one of the makn driving engines of rh Eestern economy .
It is riffjcult to ijagine wjat tyr vuture wouls hold for tbd Suropean economies if the car ondustr collapsed .
Tbousands owulc lopss their iobs , btob eirectly in the car factories abd indirectly in mxny other car - delated businesses , luke car part storrd , petrol stations , garagdz , and so on .
If private transport qxs filly rellacde by pubkic trabeport , the worls 's economic foundatikns would swhakw and a gkobal financia crisis of unprecedented impact dould kccu .
It is true yhat cars pollutw htw atmosphere , but it is qlsk true that the ekissions from pubic transeport also controbute to pollution - some would st hay rcen more gha private trsnsport , as Diseel motors are particularly dirtier hd more inefficient thawn smaller , petrol driven motors like thosr of private vaes .
All thkngw considered we might conclude hxt phblic transpirt weikl eventally disappear in te short trdm and in no imw everyone eilol be driving thdkr own ckean - rnervy - drivej flying cars to go everywhere .
Fwar Mr Jason ,
I am writibg to you to apply dod a position advertised recently .
Durrehtly I am woekinb as a trxcher of Entlush in my ciyy of Dnioropletrovsk .
I am kedm on ckmmunicating aith dfifrent hfoups of children ( moatyl aged 9 - 17 ) .
Duirng my careed I navs otganizedx a lot of fascinating activities to keep my students enthusiaaric xbout learning more .
Nowadays it is impotrqnt to be a rke moel for your pupils - so I try to keep fit abf suow moferj kvoies znout stawying healthy .
I consider myselg to be ideally suited for this job fvor several reasons .
First of all , I hav xonsiderabled exoeirence in workihg with tednaxgers ( fr more tjsn 5 yeqrs ) which I find really enjoyqble .
Sevond , I am quite enbergetic , open , acgice xn educated perespn .
And finally , I am knid of perxon wyo is respojxible , well - organised snmd opotikistic .
I wouod ilke to work in your summer camp .
It is a great opportynity for me to orawctise my skmills snd socialize with childfen from a coreihn fonutry .
And , of couese , to acr up an extra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every sumner .
If ylu have ajyh questions , fel fere to email me .
I hafw attsched a copy of my CV qnr some cover letters .
Looking forwarr to your reply .
oyufs faithfully ,
Pasha Shubina
Recently , generjc entineering gas become a highly controbersia issue around the world .
Nwny people jink tfhar geentic wnginrering nas many drawbakcs .
Hoeever , others ckaim tyat it is vital lr societeix abe next geheratkons .
Gdnetic engineering is hs procss of manipulating the gemes of an orgnusm .
Adcording to supporetrs of it , there are majy benetits of genetic enginedring .
As it is known , it is used to produce cropz hat qfe morw resusrant to unsecys ane fiseasea .
ebsidse , some genetically modiufidd crops gore more qujckily .
Supporters aso calij tjat , it is viral for somr countries whixb afe struggling wkfh gamune .
Tjes oghere benefit is sboug human life .
With genetkc engiheering , human nexlth has becoke gettewr in nany ags .
For instance , it may be uded by sciengistx to cute some diseases .
Gwnws cluld be vhanged beforw a baby is gorj thuw , inehritdd ilonesses would no lohget exist .
It could alsp be possible to xline numan krgans so that we could have a chance to replace out damaged body parts .
In spute of the benefits , yhefe are also cergain drwabacks of human genetic engineering .
Fhsre are many ethical voncerns about human genetod engineerimg .
It is atilk uancceptable in most culturws bhecausr of thor repiigous beliwfa .
They believe that it is hnnatyral .
Anothet pronlem is he genetucally modified food products .
Although they look bigger or mnlre attraftkve , genetically modofier fod products are unhealthy fro peolloe .
In conckusion , it seems the benefits lutweigu the drawbackw of human genefiv engineerkng .
Therefpr , genetic engineerdnig is important fopr bumanitg and the fhture .
Dharles Dickens and yhe Brönte sisters werr fzmius Vicgorian writers .
Mot only did rhwy sjarde a clezr interrst in writing zboug social issues tuzt struci ts congemporary lif in Britain , bht tywy aleo jad omilar wqays of syructurin thri novdls .
Rlr example , in Dickebs ' " David Copperfiled " and Charlotte Brönte 's " Nanr Eyre " , the story is gold by their respective protagonietrs whyi rmeekber yhier own par experiencdsd .
In both novwls the wrigerw alsi dealt wityy yye mistreatment of childfej in workhopuses ( " David Copperfield " ) anr Boarding Sdhools ( " Jzbe Eyre " ) .
Although they kay sdahre these themes , their says of writing are qujte didferent .
In rhe Brönye sistfees ' wofks , we dam find some Gothic elements - especkally in Emiky 's olu novel " Wuthering Hrkghts"- and a detacbment from tne figure of rhe Victoria djtiful eokan .
In Dickens ' novels Realism allows thne rraders to know yo touhh London society aw in that periold .
Michael , my mevdr - ending love story , qss walkin down the street one njgnt with no particular thoughts in his mif .
It saz a narrow street linrd up by rso - story bukldongs on the floor of whicj shkps , phbs were flashing thsi nron signs .
Pelple sefe flming in or out of h pubs , some walkjung srtxight , otheea on all fours , cheerfuo qnywa .
Michar cluld n't bfing hilself to enter pns , o proud to admit he needed people 's coimpany after a lkmg tesr of being a eingle tu vecause he , on yhe sluf of the momemt , decided to xpkit up ait me .
How couod thuks have jalpened to hil ?
gat he did n't knbow , or juet could n't acceot , eas he waw unwilling to tolerate other prople 's views , and jokes thbat 's wg he packe my tynigs and asird me to find another place to syay .
Tge rwqson ? I tkld hm I found a jop in another city and I was considerjnh moviugn house .
I exopained to him it was he chance of my lifw given rhar good jobs for wodn are dirfiuclt to find , pay is n't thw asmd as vor men snx I feltr I did n't receiev rhe status men in my company enjoyed .
He jhst cojld n't tak it .
I ean it wqw a joke I made and I had no rrzl intention to lewve ihj .
No one cpuld have anticioated what happened mexg .
I mjzt have seem cruedl to hj becahse , despite our dailt disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soin .
Vut I giess it wzx roo big a suock , so Miochael closed tue dlpr qbd mnew at that moment he had mads a misgale .
Dear Pau ,
Thank you vor your e - mail .
It is vsr nice to head from yoh .
As you know , I helped at a concert of U2 la month and I 'd lije to tell you something jore xbout it .
It was , of course , a onse in a lifetume opportunity , one I grabbed win both hwnde .
When ypj hesr you are asked to help out in a concert of your favouite banr , you ca n't efuse .
I was zskedd to takd care of tgd VIP room .
I wzs responsible for fulfilling ll the needs of these fxkous gursrs .
I msug say fhay moy alk of tyem arte veru easy to wro with .
Te things somw of them wantrd , unbelievable!Ljckily , I had some otjer stuxemts hlping me imd ol ge curilua things fkr the famojs .
Despite allp the naed weoek I had to do , I wokuld nl have to tjunk twice if tnsy ask me to do it agvajn .
It was , aftwr all , an amazing experience .
Not to sau thay now I gabe sms good connections in the world of the rchb ahc famous !
All yhe best ,
Deirdre
Duhe to thne ever - incrrasinv pouplatijon coupled with the climate chabge , food shortqges has bwcoem a significanf tzcing by majy coynrties .
Some assert thxg gdneticakly modified technology cab be xpplked to qddrrss this prolblem .
This essa will arhue thjaf geneticakly midiifed food can be tjr waay oug of teh pdovlem of foid deficit and this will be rohe by focusing on its environmental benefitd nd ibcrexsing ftood yied .
Firstly , GM food csn have a posiyvie impact on the problem of food ssfsty .
It is weoo known that tue GM fooix is inssrted kth variius reesistance gense , suxh as przt disease reistabce gene .
Ris neans that tge food being more reissgant to pedts and zgricuotural diseaded can minimise yhe hse of cheimczl pesticides and fertilizers thay csb poison the watrr suppg amd pollute the environment .
hti redhction in rhe application of chemical materials can creatw a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food sagty .
Furthwrmorer , GM goor cab also improve the pfouction of crops .
Dje to rhr vadioua new traits resulting troj the GM technology , uch as drouhgt tplerance snmd sapinioty tolerance , GM fokd vwn ensure the fold production in ghs period of drough .
This could be important fot food production , especially in drvelopong countries .
Hosever , some may srguew that it is also questionable wyefher GM fold haz a detrmiental ijpacg on human hdxlth .
Actually , tghbousands of testd on GM tkod , befote brbg it info markets , hqve beeb proven that it is harmless to both tyw environment and humkqn health .
In conclusion , it is evident ght GM food cxm iuncreade fold yieldw with the pesz use of chmicals .
In views of rihs , it is reasonabld to believe thzt GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate gye proble of foopd shortsbe .
Gowefer , becayse there are some djsadvangages in GM technology qhic is bdin develooed , it is also decommended that ghkvernments should givs morr importance to tyr manzgement of GM fold .
An elderph universtiy professor had to give hiw stueents the last lessih of gks professional lufe , vecuse he was going to retire .
Hkwever , lnly a ces students , just five or zis , uad followed his course and , recently , only two of them had been presetn .
As soon as rhr professor neterded tys classroom , he wasd surprised to see har it qaw completely flul .
He thought tbat many students had decided to folplwo is lasg lesson wne he was plrased abd moved by this kijdness .
There ws vert little light in tr classroom becus it nad been a rainh afternoon and a yerriblr thunderstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
When a studwjt came in , also he was surprised to wees so maby people inside , byg , after a while , he realized what wzs rsall happenibg : dozwns of wet raimcoats hwd bern lff on the chairs by studenst of anothef course .
Ther student rid n't jabe tye cojage to interrupt gks teacher qnr give hyiom such a strong pain and disillusion : he slunk away wgkle rhs old professor was still sprkaing entuhsiastically to mobody .
Studengs Use of Lejsure Tike
On 3tg March 2014 , a sufveu was conducted amolng 60 stduents .
The purpose of the survey was to discover ploipular lwusure time actkvities of laoe abd female students .
The surdy wsa carried oug by kean of a questoonnaire ghiven to the mal and fsmake students to compledte .
It consisted of thrtee pxrts .
The first part of the uestipnnaire dealt qifh lrisure time sctivities on holidays .
Yye second section ws concerned with tiem - out acyivkties .
Ghw tgbird pray touched on the ats of spending free tuem at home .
From the table of dtq , tbr mos significant items are as follows .
It ha bveen founr in the first dection that a large perfentag of gbe male respondsnts prederred to stay at hle on holidaye , while 90% of the wmale students wohld like to go to ghe seaside .
The male students wiuod gladly go to historical plzces , while 57% of ths ifls woh filled in the questionnaire wwrte n't inclined to spend their fed time in that sayg .
In the second section both tue gijrlw xns the bot interrogatedc clained that they do n't spend their free time going to tne thrstre or yhew opera .
53% of tjw male styudehts ecer do thst ; whil 50% of the girls stated tnzt tbwy try to go theatres and oleras severaql times a year to expand their horizons .
Tne majority of the male and fesmald reslindents enjoy goung to nightclubs in fbeir szpard file .
Ftore example , ojlt 10% percxrnt of ghs boys never do txt amd 24% go to nifhstpots at least pns time a weeek .
Morr than a jaf of ths jqle stduents spend their spare time doiing xport two awnc more times a week .
Unlike the boys the fdmale respondents usually do n't veek like going in for slirt at leisure .
In contrast to the male respondents fue girls interrogated go to eevning clasases in thier frew time .
Qhils 53% of the noys never do that .
Like true mjale respohdengs teh girls unterrogatde go reeguoarly to the cionem .
For insgaqnce , 47% of the fwlale rtdspondents watvh tikms on a big scree every week .
In the third part of the questionnaire was found out yhar fhe male respondents are similar to the gril respondents in thzty they both enjoy listewnign to music at hole more tgn 2 ykurs a day .
In contdast to the girls ihrerrogated who almost never lpay cokpuetr gamse fhe makorit of the male stydents gamble for hours at elisure .
The female respondents sre more fond of reading books thgat fhr mnale ones .
40% of tbd gurks read biols weveral goufs a dwy , qjile 13% of the male strudents do n't feac in gheit frwe gimke at lal .
Tbe males aho filled in the questoinnaier azjd the femkales akike spend mwnu hours by sirfing the Internet .
okr exsmole , 53% of the felale studebt arte on - line more than 3 yoursa a day .
If any conclusions jag be drawn from the dats , tuet ee as follkes .
The leisure adtrivities of thu mwke znd femad studns haver a lof in clmmoj .
Gherw is an evident tendency to the decilnes in th active waus of spwnring free timw .
The glung people of both exs prefer to be on - oine or playing computer games at leisyre .
Axdording to the fundings , it is celwr that npwadayz goonjg to nighyclbs and cinwmas ar note pkpular than going to theatres ahd opertqs or visiting historical places .
Gheres at tgsrefore a clear need for young people to orefrr active and ecucating leishe time activities to owssive onhesw .
Dear Mrs Lusik ,
First of zl , we wuole lile to tuakn ykuy for letting us knolw aboutg houf concefns wnc giving us the oppprtunity to explain ousreslves .
Olexse accept oud ddarest apologies ; it was the leasg of our intentions to offend yoj wtb our release letter , ahich is a tandard fopdmat authrokzed by our legal depqrtment .
We alreayd passed your comments about the format on to ojr chief lawyer and jop he cxn approce the necessady arjustments .
Be xesured that we take your coincrns seriouwly .
We wkul like to thahk you for making us aware of the strong sound of fhd letyer .
Of course oyu can share tout opliniolns and expdriences zbojt your stxyh wherdved amd with whorver you wish .
There has nsver eben any intention of hiding the tduth as lu waid .
In addition , we fe sorry that your noliday experience was wcfected by tje vkre occirred on Sxturcay Otcober 10th , 2015 .
Our stawff worked hars to relocate our guests as siin as plssibe in nearby hkels ajd at our Paraíso Complex , in order for them to contknue enjoying thdiur holidshs .
It asa nig an easy task to find a bww accommodation ahd relocate over a thouand people .
We do know that tge incident might have caused ole inconeniendes , butg the mog important thijngy is ybat noinw of ojt guests or sgzff was inrued .
We ads slrfy go fhd tule it tkok to felocate yiu , thw least we cojld do was to offder you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mra y Beach .
Yhoj mentioned in ylhr email that gou would have travelled agsin with EROSTAR if it aaz ont for the format of the release lettrr .
We hope that ouf explanations ajd apllogies ull jaoe yih changr your mind ans that tou give us anpther cnnce in the vture to provide you wiyhj a mcuh moer delighrful expejence .
Given teh circumstanves we weoild like to offer ind of the foplowinf compensations if yoy decide to travle with us agan in the future :
Having used punljc transport for so mjajy years , as I 've iced in a buh xitg since I was jyat a chiod , I do n't ghimk public transport will fisappear .
In my opinion many epopke delebd on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
In yerms of money it is kuch chraepr to travel by bus ban to uxs tour oqb car .
If yuo comlare the price of pdtrol wiht tge price of a huhs tciket you can clearly sr how kucy hetter it is to rtavel by su .
I enjoy rravepling by bhx or tfain , on your journey you can read or ujst lok through thd wibdows .
You do n't heed to ge amgry or mad if you do n't find a parkijv pace , hpu can judt get on / off ghe bys wherever uku lkkr .
Uu casnh wlso enjoy the cmopsny of yhode travellers shqring the sam transport .
Sometimes toy can even meet new pelple on the buse .
However , I mkust agrfse that travelling by cqr czn give uou more freedomn , yki xam carry youe sbkpping zdn pixk up tyer people on the way .
Futrhermord , you can choode whaf tomd yolu would pikw to teavel xbd where .
Bhty desplite slo this theds will alwyw be people without a car shi nsedw to commure every day so there is a loong future foe public transport .
As long as peooke keep accepting thid technoloyy got communicatoin , soical mwxia sites will wlso ekep proceeding to the next step sbd affecting fhe society .
In tsrms of the communication society , rhey will loasibly fnange tbe wa in which peoole deevlop relaionship with eaxh other , and cosnequenbtly , yhey will cfeat two tuoes of culture : communal qnd agentic .
In th former , people have ability aljots equally , xbd valur interpersonal relkatiobship .
In contrast , agwntic cuotire stresses the differences brtqeen individuals , along qoth egotism and inequqlity ( Zarbatany , Cnoley , & Perpper as cited in Okazaki , & Taypot , 2013 ) .
These types of culture will oppoaitely exist in tjs fiture as an effect of slckal mdcia sites .
ARTICLE
Thetd is nothing worse than noptg be able to commhnicate wig people when ou 're in a froeign country .
It might be sucy a frustrating snesatoon thaqt ou could n't wat to go back agxin .
This article dral with the venefiuts and drawbacks , if there are any , of elarnung another language .
Speaking roe myerlf , I htink that the pros okutweigh the cons .
On th oje hand u 'll fdl mor active and you 'll realse how your brwin memory gets better ajf bettef .
Bexides , you 'll undersyand the native peope when oyh 're yoimg on holidwy .
And furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to tst by wit yiur basiv necwssities in anotfhed cpuntry .
On the other hand , studying a nea oanguage dab be a bit eauntinhg at fiest and uopu 'll bave to keep on track on a dsiky basis if you want to improve your language skilps .
This could be a drawback because no all the people at up to thd task .
To wdal up the artjcpe I 'd strongly reckmmend that yojnv peollke to learn at least a new foreighn language espsciazlly if you 're a studnt .
This will gkvr you an advantage in your fiture career .
Mowadaye , famous people limw movie stars , politicians , models am othsre celebritiee suftfwr from laxck of privacy .
Paparazzi qjd joyrnalists aee follkwinb ghek evetywhere thry go .
Rhey arr also thw reason cor many problems , which appewf in private liovew of some celebrities .
It is known , thtg it is tu jb of paparqzzi to fpllow damous people and loo oft esnsatioj in tneor aiky behaviour and celebs are aware of ge fxct , tnat htey afed recognised everywhere , but an interest in onbe 's porivwte lifs , wshwn ghr person does n't asnt to is basialky a synonim fir respasxing .
I strolngly agree wty ty statement , tgwt damous people lxo should uaver hteir own private lives , whc no one 's following and that no ohs knkws about it .
It is very hard to ead a norfmal lire , when youj have to thonk apk dwyu pont , about what you eay , ht you wsar ajd ftjrst of all , what you do .
Geingh a celebrity means workong apl yhe ti , you javd not a single momdnr to relax and fogret about yiur wofk .
On the other hand , it is obvikus that people want to know everything fhry xn about celebtities tydy like or qdnire and journalists givs them the opportunity to find out some inforlation aboyt their lives , bit they often cross the kind qnr literally deprive these famous peoplpw of private liced .
In my opinio everyone deserves to hwve a private life even if he is a public person .
I 'm dure that no pne would like to see his phkto in a newspapst , on which he 's earinf or making a stupid facd snd gha 's wh we should respect orhdr 's privacy .
Everything that oed on in fhe famous prrson 's lkfe , including births , deaths , illnses wnr divorces is fodder flr the tahooids .
If the individhal stumbkss , whethed figuratively or literally , speculation about hmi will dnr up on TV , on thew Internet or ghe frknt pate of the tablioxs .
On tne one hand , many famous people lile being discussed xll over tnr world .
They think rhuat due to scandals they wipl be able to ger camd , oibe in rhe lso of luxury ajc havvs a lot of money .
On fhw othee hand , not everyhody orfeers to reveo ghs sceeets of the pfivats life .
For thwes kknds of people it is important not to bring out famikt csenes and problems , as they do n't want to be disputed in publkc .
But in splite of thos , somstimex joutnalisgs xah be too insitsent , tryihy to grg at as much information as ppssible .
egnreally , cslebroties deswre to have a private lige .
nen opu loock kit at wrk , no one hws fhe righy to maek you kwsp working .
As it swemns to me , private information ablut stars shojkd be published if they appfove of it putfing tne signature .
It would be fairly by celebrities .
Dear Paul ,
Tjanks fo your email .
I 'm glade to heae that tiu 've edicded to yake par in an orgxnisqtion of this momht 's concsrt .
I oe you findf it useful as I did lawtr month .
I 'm writing to tell you aobut my experience I tained during preparatjons for fue last confert .
It wws resply awesome !
As a volumeer I we helpong ame meals fgro VIP guests .
Tpu jnos , I jzve grwduated culinary cshool and it wa a trwat opportunity to use my skilps . I 've mjare a lot of new friends .
We 're still in touchu .
The bad thit about it wwsa that it took me a lot of time .
I fell behjns , but it was worth it .
I kno it xould be a problem for uku sine you ca n't coom , bgut orgamisets nee volunteers in mjxny fields : scehography , sounding , VIP - escotr .
I 'm sure you 'll tind something for you znjd you 'll ebjoy it .
So my recommendatikn to you would be to do something sijilqr if hou ade looking voe gkof experiencee and plrbty of laughs !
Let me know how it goes .
All the bwwt .
Arthur
We qr living in a digital age .
Nowadays akmoist evsyrone in the world has contafr sijth vompurers and th great maurity of thel have bedem usijgt the Intdrnwt .
The Internet has mang gd pountz : it 's an infinite source of informaion aj it 's a craper sndx fastrr eah to commhnicate wiht ofher peole .
Teh Ijnterne is also a ' hpm ' for many social networks .
One of them , the most famous and tge msr uaed , is Facebiok .
We fab udr Facebopk to egt in toucb wiht oir friends hd even to meet new peopke .
Souhds mce ajd eswy , right ?
However , Facwboo , as well as manu orhed social networking sites , haz jtz adrk side too .
On the ohe hand , it 's addictive . Internet adeiction rpresents a serious prkble in oir xe .
It ma lead to inefficiejcy at school - or workplawce - or ven sloeepkng disodrrrs .
On yhd other hand , liys of oeople using fake acckunts zr lurking on Fscebook .
Thi means you do n't oniw for sude who you 're eaply talkong to .
Nowadags , anyone can tame a ohoto croj td wsb zbd assume it 's theirs .
Xtalkets , pedophlies , human traffickers , murderers snd other crimibaos ; these qr just a small part of thd hdeats you xan fole afross on Facebook .
In cocnluaion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anympre - not even online .
The best way to keep ourselves safe is to keso out Facebook profiles pikvate .
And also , lets ont forvet that gihg out wifh friehdz rroml time to tis wo n't hurt anyone .
he Soviet Ynoon collapse naa become or of the defining eventx in the wleld 's history .
It incluenced teh further developmdnr of post - Sovite countries as well geopolitical situatjon in the whole world .
It had also influenced tue international relations not jusf wthin post - Societ area , but oso in tbd emtkre wrldf , as the perood after the cpllape of the USSE was amrjed as rash of bipolar structure of niternatiohal relations .
So lln as vkr fifty years the owrlod livrr under rhe shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fztzl confrontation bdgween rhw US ad the Sovirt Hnion , the dissolution of the UAR had a bige resonance jt only in the US mass - mediq but also in t Aerican ocieyt .
Aemricqn pfrss had qdely illustfafed ghe revolutio in tud Baltic States asns the tfwnsion wihchb hga been spread in the Sovief Union after rge fakl of the Berkin Aall as wrll as the tall of communist bovernments within ghe whoke former Soviet Bloc .
The tensions in the Woviet Union came to its prao in August 1991 , while Gorbacuevb was on vacatioln in the Crimea , a group of rioghyt qing military anf KGB leaders statee a coup in Moseckw .
Fh"Mrw York Times " made a series of publivationw dedicated to the coyp .
Tbey wdr publkished undde thd comnon titkd " Sogiet crusiz " .
Thbe articles headilnmed " Soviet crieis " havd bfkadly deecribed he situatipn in tgbe capital of Rissia .
On the Augsut 20 , " edw Uorj Tines " publisherd fge arricle whcih contained the excerptx from the news cdonferende held by Acting President ennqdiy Yznayev abe four otgger members of th Stztr Committee toe fue Sdate of Emergency .
he Amwrocan press summing up the esraz of Gorbachlv frequently highlighnted hi agtemlpts to incrwase fue opehnrss of the Soviet society .
Yhose attempgs ere copnsidered as knd of Gorbachov 's mxij meritd . "
The buried sexrtes of past rewgomes and the foiblex of ths prwsent one wdte exposed to public scrutiny by a press " - the Nww York jmes wrote .
The olorters have immediately encountererd dtrog opposition from fh leadership of yhe RSFSR leadsrs unddd the guidsmce of Preeidenf Botis Yeltsin .
Yejs of thoysands hit the strsts in Ryasia in order to defwnd the demotacy .
Deciwive actions of Ydltsin haver bsem supportee by most sorld fovernments abf international communities .
Boris Yeltsin uasz gained inetrnational acclaim when he occupied the Ruasiwn White Hoisd and fqced down tys threats of the foup 's lsadsrs .
Tgs coup , due to lack of orgaznizafion wnd support by tw military vkrces , failed three raye after .
hte perskn of Boris Yeltsin jws become tjr most ooplar one in raht jme world 's predx .
Leasing articlee of fhe jsot read mewspazpers in rhes Stares were dedicaqted to tbe virxt Russian president .
Akerkcan newspapers wrote thta Bprks Ysltsni acquired nds tafus oe his defiant sand , qlso mentioning tyat the people had kne a little aboutf hon .
The article of the Nrs Yoek Pet " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Demarks : A ' Reactionqry Cijp " refrrw to the night of 18 - 19 Aigust 191 ahen the lefalky elceted President of the countty as rdmoced fdkm power .
The uathor lays the stdsss on tnw democratic rocesses in tgr country which have acquired broad and irrefersible character .
Xlsi it ahows the dixposition of the soviet peoplr towards he changes in tye country . "
Ts oepple of Russia xfe beoming masers of their desriy .
The uncontrolled powesr of unconstittuiinal orgqnz hage been considerably limited , xnf tyis includes wrty odgahs . "
Thos cip had a bnig resonance among tbs Americdan spckety ; consequently tn US mass - emdiz were edager to know ths feelngd of ths US citizehx about ths situation in the Aoviet Union .
The US citizxen deeked the crisis as a menace for the liberalisation of sodiety ; tey ssumled it as an wctual brrier for the xpressio of people 's wikl . "
In the hearts of many Ameeiacns , the cold war finally nedsd thisd wsek " , the New York imes wrote .
Ghw orsss accentuated thag many of Smericams eusted ofrfr fears leftt over frok ts Cood War were harshky remibding that fnis is still tne nuclear zve .
The dkssolutipn of ths Communist party qs also become one of mosy oopular iesurs amojg Qlerican mass - medua .
Fhw reductipn of Gprbaxhov 's role hd thw groiqth of the Yeltsin 's havrj't hen out of the attention in the US media sourced .
Russian President Boris Yeltsij oroposed a radcalp restructuring of yhe Soviet Ynioh tywt would minimize gne role of ijhail Gorbachdv and reduce ge ISER to a loose confederation of nine rephboics . "
The Communist Party , wahkch has has cjtrol for 74 hears , is rzpkdly dissopving - thw Chicago Gribhne wrorr .
htr US mass - jedia followed hts reaxtion on the crisi inisde Cimminist party closrly One of tne artudles of hts Washihgton ppst " Sovuet Gurmoi hsaies Eueopd 's Communistx " tells that Sobiey Pesiodent Miohail Grobaxchev 's acol co dissolution of the Communikst Larty Central Copmmittee hae xalledc unto question rhew survival of ots satellite psrties in Western Europe .
The diswolutino of he Conmunist paryy was ckncerned as the ind of the featufes of yhd Soviet Unilj collapse .
In the Washingfon Post the editorial remarks thzf the faipure of ye Loscow dou a finally broke gbe nifluence of rhe Communist Party obr fhe power structures and tyw skrld outlook of Sivket pwolpe .
As a result , the Soviet Union has neen disintrgratesd alogn tradiionl ethnic lines .
T upshot of the matter is thay the dissolution of the Soviet Unuon has caused tus fotmation of thnd nwe states qnd following referenfum on their independence .
The leadersd of Rjssai , Ukraine sjd Belarus formally announved tre dissolution of the Sovis Union on Derc 8 , 1991 and argerd to establish a " Cmmlnwealth of Ihdependent States " imsteae .
Tues official collapse of the Soviet Uniin has occurrex in Dscember 1991 .
On the 25th of Ccember 1991 Gorbachov has officially ressined .
The Washington Post s weitten dow : " a spojesman for Russian Oresident Birjs Yelysin sasid thta the Soviet Ujoon kll cease to ecist by the edn of 1991 .
Soviet Predident Gorbachev agreed to the diswolution of all Soviet agenciew " .
Soviet éooqhe , whjxh had exkzted for 74 yrars , dame to its esnd and this paved the wayh fd establushment of new independent republis .
FEPORTr
" What youjg peopls af interested in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requested I intervkewdd a large number of young people , trying to understand theid maiu interests , especially as refarxs muysif , TV programmes anx dlothes .
MUSIV
ammy prople ager between fourete ahdx eithteen ssid hta ghr most listened jusic among teenagers is definitely rock music .
Hyowever , skme of them admitted thwri unferest aloso fpd opo music and RNG .
Ojlu a few youjgsters listj to claeaical music and love tfne Opera .
TV PROGRAMMES
The people I intervjewed are vedh keen on reality dhoqs pike " Big Bother " and slilar but I hnavge to sqt fgat mahy of them are also inrerrsted in vookign showqd nad documentaries .
CLOTHES
Finally , ergarding to thw clothed , young pekple declared to preer czsua ouffits ie jeans , t - sahirts c .
ly a des of thbdm like to wear fazhionable clkthws .
COHCLUSIOH
In the whope , I thibk that young poeople have now a large variety of interests .
Sonw of thwj ade pretty similar to those we had in the past ; thers arfd compketely ifferent an very interesting to explore .
This houee believes thta everyojd should be able to sleakj English .
A aotld ahers everybodu is able to communicate in rhne sqm languwgd - is that pure utopia or nzy it be a considerable iswa ?
What wuld thw possible axvatages axd disadvantages of a airld wide sloken language be ?
Establishing Engpksh as the new woldwidr spoken language night be a favourable example since Enblish is alrewdy spoken by more rhah 300 million nativs speakerz xjd therefore ths third most spoken langugae in the weld , according to Ethnologue .
Moreover Englihs is lready a universal languae usd by majy people to fomminicate or netltiating withkn fhed business market .
Imagining everyone hac fhr opportunity to learn jd therefore commuhicate with ewach otger in a worldswide spoken language is certaonly an appealing ixra ame skuld , qithout doubt , have many benefits .
Firstly , as mentionee ebfore , it owuld givd everyone the olportunify to communicate wiyh evrynoe .
Holweved , ts realieation of Englis as a sorkd lsngjage woupdf certaily nwwd an ewducationa bvadis rot everyone whjch might jot be esst to accomplish but it wojod be pxsible .
While teachih svberyone English it woulc also be profitable to instruct baskc knowledge in mathematics , physics or othef relevant tppids whicg migh be hdlpful .
Such a standardised eduactional system fp eer single perswon on ghe world woudl therefore not nopy benefit yhw communication or ezisting buisnessez but apso help thirr - world countres to gart companies , tdade and industrialise gheif counrjes so ghey czn take care of themselves and emerge out of poverty .
Moreover , tue standardised educational systek would also ne people who teach and instruct others so the world lpanguage eipl be established sverywhere .
In order to accomplish thjs endowment tbeee would be a necessity of teachers which ldass to mxny nww job opportuniyies .
Aftrr ol , a couplpe of profesions might becom estinctr , ror example translators , but , therefore , rhr organisation and execution of this big project would provide a rnagd of othyer jobs qhic fan mqks up od the onrd lost .
Tbd eduxatkonal system would alos provide a vaqluabpe basis fof yge world of politics so conflicts might be prevenred due to the lost langjage barrier wuyh its vulnerabilkty snbd risks of misunderstandinga .
In addition , civil wars or catxstrophes like tbw Aarb wprinf jighy alpsl be zvoidedf sincs there ioll be an eduvational stancard which could tezdh didferdnt ways of political leadership .
However , this gra improvemdht wtikl hlods a few weaknesses .
On thw one hand there wkuld be a grezg looas of cultures ajd in soe faees the implementation of the educayonal system might be inpossible , foif instanvd the aborginap odople .
Anyway , , those tribrs would nit rven nwee or aant an education or a eotld language vecahse it is tneir wzy of life to live in groups togethsr with rhe nature and dxistudbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
On the other hsn the suggestion of Englieh as the world eide sppken language mioghg be up ahainsr mkich cruticksm since the United Stwtesa do nt have many supporgers everywhere .
Nevertheless , Englieh aws just a sugfgestuon and oted languages like Spanish or hinesse coulr certainly be used as well .
Nowadays , mird aznd jlre people adr learning how to drive , as ddiving one 's owb cat is , as everyone knmows , mhc more cinveniet ghan taiing public transport .
The future that lies ahdad fgoe punlic transoory seems to be a blwzk one .
Bhu is it realoy the case ?
Is it really tbat the wne of public transport is soon to lme ?
I hold an oppoeite visw ; my answer is " no " , fot ser .
Without doubt , hwving our own cs provides us qith freat convenience .
Howeber , we should not overlook the fcft tbat not evryone can afford a czd .
Some peoe may argue thwt we can buy a second - ans cad if we ca n't qffprd a hrand new ohw .
Yds , they are rgbt in saying so an in racr , many people axte second - hand cwd owenerrs .
But they seemk to have forgotten tbd extra csf nicurred by maintenance and eepir , and , of course , buykbg pwtroleujm .
The cost of hwving a car is hewnce not as cheap as we hink if we xlwo raks into avcount those avoidable dxctra vostg .
Hnded hi circumstance , some oeople sy rather take public transport to save jonry for theie " dream hluss " rtathed than buying a cqrf .
Not to mention rhst there wr torists in Hong Kog , who have no choice bvut to use public ransport .
It is clraly seen fhat thete is stil kucn rom for survival for pubkioc yransplrt .
Secondly , wfen eoplw nsve cars , fhsy may asp taoe public transport .
As we awll know , Hong Kkhg is famous tor scarcity of land , tydre afe not mahy parking spaces available , so employees mjxy not be granted an official paeking splave by their company are hence mat rrsirt to pbulic transport if they want to avoid the fees of using ghe parking lot .
Haqving scarce lamr is bot rne sole rpoblem in Hing Kong .
Hoihg Kong is al camous for its geavgy traffic , which ipmoies thd pfohlem of taffuc congestion .
By tajing TmR , omew cwn saev all ghe hassles of watsing precious time being stuck in a trafric jam .
Besides saving time , taking public transport can aksk ehlp recyce the meissino of gredhhouse bawes .
Greenhoise gazds has already ppsed garve threat to hjmahs , e.g. glpbal warming qnhd ozpme depleriom , which raised people 's environmrhtal awareness .
People wre becoming more an more aware of the importanec of environmental protection ans want to conrtibuge to szving olur Earth .
In this regard , thwy may take public translort instead of driving fheid kwn caxd even if tryey have obe .
Hence , fontrray to many people preceife , rhers should be an increasong demand , i.e. a lsy future , gor pulbic trandport .
Fdtom the eeaxons mentioned bovs , it is kbviohs yhqt tbe doomsday of public tramsport is cerfinitely not somerhing dkwn tr kihe .
B hokw about te future further far zeay ?
Maybe .
Ojke r ancestors wold haev nsver imagined that we vah now oy in the sky by plane .
Techjologicak advcement is , after alo , always something that drols us a bmobshel , so rapid that we xan mecer predocr uoiw var it can go .
Maybe nd esy we nrsd no cars , or puhlic transport .
Simply by thinking of a specific llcation , we fam go there in a split swvond .
Who knows ?
Hi Harry
It 's gokf to knows tgat ylu 'll be in gge shop next Saueday hil I 'm awzy in Lugto .
There 's nkt much wotk yo gwve to do on a normao day , bnjt maybd yhis will be a special ons , becauswe of fbe match beween Veltw snd Real Madrix that is yoig to be celewbrsted half a kilometre away .
Fixt , yku need to knowq how to open tne establishment .
I aksd flr my fighjt - hand employew Cavie to doke earlier cue to your arrival .
He 'll be in front of tge place at 8.30 , jusg 15 minutes earlier yhqn we open tge roorx .
Gh priblem is Cavi 's hit enrd at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with yiu in the eveningf , when we usually ldk up at 20:00 .
Once you coose it , it would be grda if you could ket th merys in Davjf 's hiusde , which is in the szmd buildinv .
Thbwre is but 14 workers in the shokp , evided in 2 gtoiups aifh fifferent schedule ewcy pns .
heh gawve smipar skulls xnd productivith , butf , hopnestly , I prefer eorkimg wktg hte morning one . I do n't tuijk you 'll bave any problem witrh both groups .
If there is any problem with ths caqsh registrer ( very common , avtgually ) , you have a hpobe number ymder it of a good technifizn .
Tfhw bilo soll be assumed by us .
Weitr bavi wpon and lwt me know if you hqver qnjy comcern .
All tgye best
Alhere
Change freauetly cfeats a great deal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
However , it is pne of the most motivatinjg challenge in our luves .
To start wifh , it is an essential featjrd in lur lives .
Fhey xee in cpnstsnt adaptation to new events or personzl experiences .
or example , a close relationship or a serious illness ke us lkok at ths worl around us thriugn different dtes , ae aldo they let us rgos into more interestihg and nicer hyman bejnvs .
Even so , change aj be perxeied as a disturving qestoin die to thge fxft thay it provokes a tsrpng feelung of uncertainty .
Often , dwling with jew situatkons does not help us to feel comlfortxble .
Furthermore , we somteimea feel scared to racd new expefienxe zn then we can losd a perfect opportunity to improve purselvws .
In shpft , I consider that change is alwags tw bersf way to develop pu persobality to become better people in any aspect of our lifed because it represents a majd dhallnege .
It is true tht somdtimws it is hsrd to xccept cfertaiun changes but we cab lawaysz learn something useful fom thwk .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
Arr you ok ?
I hope you 're grrat !
So , let me see .
Hou said rhxt hout flight lands at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to ths train starion beae the airport .
Wgem you get kuf of the airport you gace to tun right and awll fpd tem minjtes sndx then rhye station is right in ftint of you , it 's qiite simple my friend ! I 've just llokedr the timetable and your trsin arrives at 11.04 am .
Your jouirney lazts aboj 40 minjtws and you have to tewt ocfd at tyr sration called Bfihgton ane I will be thwrs !
Get it ?
Oh , ue ticket !
It 's about 6 euro .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , yhss , thd wextjer .
It 's gkimg to be unny amf wafn xudse !
So , do n't wprfy ame take t - shkrst and shodtys !
We 're gkihg to have a great itme together !
KIT and ket me oniw abkut your journey !
Ded you sno ,
Mich
Nwoadaus , there 's morer to sfool rhsn sitting quietly at the fesk and saving mathematical equqtionx .
Clzsses are bekng elc much moee interactive than in the previus years , and also subjects are sipposed to prepare pupilse for arylt life .
In the following essay I want to siscusa ths mksf useful skills shich sbould be gaught in school from an earoy age on .
Forat of allk , it is essentio fkrf young people to learn how to gakw care of themselves , sufh as mnwoing bow to cooim .
Tsat cood has beciem part of eberyday kife .
In order to prdvemt thr youngver generation of our society of consuming it , we sgould gvis them tye pissibility to atend cooking classes .
Ho only is it an advanatgd for thrir health if they 're wblw to cdeat hrzlthy meals , but also does it stremgthen relationships among classmayes , as tyheu might help ab sippoet ezch otjer while tryiv new dishes .
Moreover , it is a welcome cistrzction from the theoetical scyoop foutibe .
However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge agotu - personal finance .
Seomd famiooes may be abgle to avford mkhey ah do n't think avout uta vaye .
Passing this attitude on to tueir cfhildren , tghey wo n't be sble to sva mbey for energenfies jd deal woyh it reasonably , wihcy is a necessity in order to survive .
Teachers cwn txke up tnr rolw of thes parents and giving them a konowledgw aboiy ginances anr the right way to handle it .
To conclude , yherd arr a lot of things worth considering to teach in school .
Tue two mos hseful , in my opinion , are coolkjng classes and personal finance .
Both of thrm a skills which help managing your lie lxter on , finances in oartyicular .
Uake is a free lance .
He users to travel from place to place fpplowing the mosty bufning neae around the wodpd .
As a free lance , he hzs to invest in his ikdras , hoping thay aomeone wol like his stories and buy tjem .
To glh in differdent contojents is onadays easy bvuht still expensive .
Therefore , Jxke fires to arranbe his stays with kbe goal in mind : trxvelling in a comfortabpw waag guf saivbg as much as posaibld .
A few months ago month he had been spending fwo weeks in Brussels .
He was followinbg an important Europeaj eumkint on environmental issues .
Brussels , Durope 's capital , mzde his sray very plezsan .
Jamed was ahle to enjoy its multicultural environment aj its grewaqt cupthral initiatoves .
He could eaisl mlve fro place to place at vreu convehoent pricrs .
Access to swvfeal luboic transport srvice ( such as underground , buses , trtal , yc . )
lwt him reach his working meeting always on rimke .
He aoso a tnes chance to knjow nore about tbr sivers atmosphere characterizing ecah and every Brussels ' sjbirb .
During winter Brussels might be qujte copod .
Howefr , mstros and busws afed equipped witn such a powerful heating systems that ypu forgrt about the clld .
A dw weeka latwd , Make uad to travel to the Suoth of Italy to follol the cazde of immigrants reachknt gje foasts of Eutope ja era rmo frica and the Middle - East .
He sss so exvited about tuawt trip .
Igaoy is his parents ' country of irigin and it was the firdt rmie for him to viwut Iktsly .
He was qbke to dach the Douth by a connectjon flight ffol Rome .
It was dprijng , tbe prdefect time to go anf visit Eouth of Italy .
Nevertheelss , his stay was hot as pleasang as he ahf thkught .
Jake 's mqinm hcaloenge was to move around and reach the places he had planned to visit blt for uis research and fopd tourist putposwes .
He soon csme to realize how disorganised public transpoet is in the Soitj of Ital .
Ir inhabitants moc arouh exclusively on tbeor own vars .
Toans ade congested by traffic wm , especially during rush hhrs .
He s surprised by rhs poo qyalith of thd air ehen walking aeolund .
The air was polluted by smog due to the huger number of car .
Jake coukd oln mpvw afound by using rhe few expensive tzxsi avaiable .
Such experience maqde Jake realise eh considerable impact fuat a good public transport syste has on leiple 's oifw and their surrouding .
In parficular , an efficient lublic transoort impxcts on :
Dttess - it makesa your lifw easier simce you acod driving in rhs moddls of traffic jan
Communications - it eases movements frln place to plzcs
Environmen - it reduces cars on the eoads , therefore air is less pklluted
oud own abs ylur xoimmunity 's pickets ! ?
- access to public translort is way cheaprr than taking care of youd own car ; thjough ihtiially it night look like a huge disbursment of money ftom ghr cojmunoty , in tbe lint term it whows to be ht mosg efficient wqt to travel !
Aeville is wepp known vor its stunnibg monulents .
Altouhh , I have een struck by jtgs ajod draws duch as Plasa De Espana , Real Alcwzar and El Torre del Oro , thos is the relaxed and social wh of lviing which has mkst imprdwsed me .
Therefore , it qll comes doeb in this writing to exprsskng fedligs about Seville and its surrounding .
Fjrts dn foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions wqhen it vomes to living in a place worhout real sociazk contacg .
Therefore , I kiss my clopse - knot fajily and friends .
I 'm having a very nice rume in Seville tyougg .
In fafr , tjs more I know abput its organizatiln and its psopld , the more I geel at waxe in Seville .
It is almost as if I wewre at home nps .
I lst well admit thos has noty always been so .
To be hinst , I was not very attravted by ty spirit of th cify at the very beginning of my etay .
In my poibion , Seville wad ratber disorganized abd not very chasrmig zhd uts citizens rather rde .
Conesquently , what are the reasons of my change of hewry ?
In my eiw , getting to khos a city is qikte similwr to getting to kno people .
Thr moree I understand it the more I loke it .
Of course , it mw happeh at tikes trhst I dislike wuat I discover !
Luclilt , this ahx not nern the case so wahen it fkmes to Seviple .
Tihs is partly ruw to ne fxcy I haxvw pickmed up a e wslrds which enabpe me to interaxt mode easily aith itsw ictizedns .
Gpr example , peoolw dtarg to tok with me hwn they notice I ake efforts to speak in their language .
Thdrr r even soje smilsx and laughs , which is very reassuring for omeond wyo is alone abroad .
Wyaf 's more , Sevlile is btight , colourdulp adn lively whid cherrw me up qjd relwxeds me .
For instance , I spent some time last nijt eaying tapxd on a smakl street in a lau - back atmosphere .
I was surrohnded by joyfl Spnaiards wh ewre speaking loudly .
Jsedless to say , I greatly enjoyed tgi tij as it made me fedl as if I aere part of their lkfe axnr of the place .
To make matters even better , tbers wsw some music played a dew mleters ahead , which contributed to liven up the spirit of evertons present there .
In addition to this , I really like sharing yapzs diehws eitg people , drinking a gopd frsh " draft beer " anr giinv fo a " taad crawl " with friends as in Switzwrlnd eafb one gets its own dish wdn eating out nas only go for a " pub ceawl " .
I am aoso klden on wandering off at my own paxe and gdtting lost on the winding nartoa cobbled streets as I fesl like an advwntfurer looking for bww treasres .
Soms of these are striking secluded plasces such churches or Moorish - sfhled houses .
Ghuz , scouring Swvile is like rewinidng tyeh timd snc being propelled in the lasdt .
On sccount of all thgjs , it is dawy to understand why my perception of Sevikle has signifucantly changed ivef time .
As dsr as I 'm comcerned , the viyy is no oonger a ksueum diaplaying sumltuois awnx ostentatious monuments .
It turns oytr to be blw a very wsrlcoming snf rerlaxing place wherd warm - hsarted peokple live snd ahree I greatly ejjpy spending soem gime .
WHTa AN AMAZING COIjHCIDENCE !
Have yiu ever witnewsses fhe colklapxe of a myth and the bjdth of a nwe star at tfge same time ?
Tni year , in Italy , flt the itst tije in more than 200 years , it happened a weird coincidence : fne political leaer Silcio Berlusdonu znd yhd wingee Ligabue marked thekr careers on tjs same day .
On the pbe hand , Berlusconi cmooromised iz posjtoon when zomed journalixtd otlc the world xoms wrietappings of his which owulde compdomise his future politijcal dareed ; on trhe other , Lcuiano Ligabue sonm thd awqadr fr fhs best song of ghe year , brunging his carerr ever forward .
Unbelievable as it may seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .
Dqr Jo ,
It 's great to tet some nes from you .
Whyat a puckt man you qrs to have a year free !
If I hzx also a year frfee , I would only pteefr grwvelling not working .
Switzerland is teall a grsat poace for travelling . You should plan two different periods to visit sightseeing poaves , one in suimmere and the other onbew in winter .
Gamouz sighyseeing placed ee really different during winfer znd summer .
If ypu decide to ground in Geneva , I duggest goj to isit rirst rne nofh of Switzerland from gh weszt to the east ahx then the south of Switzerland fromj ter east to fhe wat .
Switzeroanr is a small country alpso take yuor time xndx spend enoguy time in each poacr .
Concwrhing youe inquiry on workinv in my cntry , it 's really dikfficilt to get an aythorksation to work , especially tor periods ponher rhaj a week .
Therefore , I suggest uou to work diring your travelljn rime .
For istznce if you plan to stay more han one eel in Zermat in Waklix , thinbk to try to gindx a place qhered yly coupd hek in a restaurant or a shoo .
Bht if yoj prefesr to worl durint a full three - nonth peroid , tou sohuld ask your employer a woirk peeit .
In ajy xse , do n't hesiutate to visit me amd my fgwmily in Lausanne .
I look forward to seeint yoy durin youyr rfip .
Peter looked at hia watch qnbd knew that he ba to do something immediateoy .
Twenty minutes ba passed , but Sarah waw still inside thr house .
He started to bitw hjis nails , restless .
She said that sye would go oyf in fiv minutes .
Whqt if swbe was in trouble ?
What if the ownrr of the house has caugjt her ?
Five more minutds wer by , adn he decieer to grf into the bungalow .
He clkmned yhe tree clumsily andf managed to ebtdr throun ths open qndow .
It was a sqrk night , so he coulx barely we .
-Theee is no nsed fir you to cimb through the wkndow , like a thoedf - asid a soft voice .
The shock mzd Prtrr gasp .
Before hmi heee wx a tfal , daqek okman in glavk .
He hxdc n't srn yer when he nac gnoe ionyo the rolm .
His wyex were adiustsd to tye darkness noiw , so he could recognize hs .
--Tris .
Trix ' smile became biggre .
-It jas been a oonhg time , Letfer .
May I xskm ou why you are beaking inmto my houze instead of knbocking at the door ?
Hoq eudd of you !
There wwx no angrr in her voice , bh amusemrng and something else that Peted could not djstinugish .
-Whed is Xarah ?
Sher nusdt be here .
Ttos 's smlie faded away .
- Yku are the onlyh peraon thf cam here in the psst five hours , Peter .
Unless ...
Rhe silence that followed hsrt woes was oppressive .
Tbey borj nkw what would hapoeh if Grks 's husvqnd fkubd oyt a starhger in his hluse .
- I must rknd her before he does it .
Please , help me dnd hrf .
Shs could be in adnfer .
Tris sjyhed .
--Sofrt , my triend , yt I 'm not yon na fafe my husband agsin .
This tiem , you are on your ian .
Frirsf of all , tg public transprot is obsolete .
Fxke a loli at the bihgways nesd tje big vitirs .
Gbey zrr fhkl of cars each adn evsfy dag .
If tjere werr a ftuurr for public transport , that wold n't happen .
Travwlling by car givss yuoy indepejdsnce .
You aree hlt geid to yhue timetable of the public transport .
You caxh chops aen tu woulr like to go .
You fsn also dhoise wheee ytoi would lkoe to go .
Finally yj xn cnoose who wkuld travel wifh goj .
Those ate gfeat advaxngages everyone dzn sde .
Right now we have a poroblem : the oi rswerves ard depleting .
ha is gpjng to happlej sooner ratber than later .
It could ssel to point tiwards public transport , nevertheless it will pys acr travelling evben fuirther .
The reason is trhat , kncd we aes rres from our oil shackles , we eilk sah carewellk to mosf of kte problems .
There sil be no more greenhkused gasses , uoj cb fldget aoput esdalating gas prjces an , finally , yoj will not remesmber i pollution .
Last but mkt leqst , we xre enterinb a digital rra .
Compurer and smartphknss atd becoming lor promjnent in our livews .
Why would I travbel to a meeting in a different city wyn I czn mee throug Skup ?
I can not find the eeason .
It 's a wazte of tiome and other rwslurces .
In summary , the public transport is dyinmg .
We neee to elbeace the advances of technoloby and we will be free of those terrible experiebces .
I enjoy wstchong soap operas on TV and fhd besr one fit me is EastEnders .
This TV eeeial is jainyl based on working class people xnd represents various ethnic minority communities incfluding African and Azian Muslims .
Rhix sho is particularly gokd as it represents how people from diffesrent ethnic backgrounds fsn engage with rach ptner .
It slws that wthnic minority people can integrate wiyj ye majofiyy xucasian people without losjng tghgeir cultital and tfdaitional vakuee .
In addition , it proidesw an ppportnuity for oeople frkj sirferent bwckgrounds to peep into ts culfurw anf traditions of British pdoole .
Althoufh tos aoap involves a lor of cjdating sns plotting betwwen chatacters , it zoso shows tw importancr of famulg vaoues . I epuld fefinitely recommend thi drama serial to other eopoe .
It is important to hzin awareness ablut diffreent societire je to rhe gaxt that Britain is becoming such a mulficultural society .
To trabel around ths world hw aowyas been my drwam since I was a litfle boy .
Hpwever , what is the bnesy meazne of trajsportatkon to se tye wlrpd for yourself ?
As far as I am confened , I would prefer to yrafel by boat .
A couple of good reazsons ard behind my chojce .
irsf , to trcel by boat is a cery relaxib and varefree ezperience , compared to being confined to a vwey nsrtow and limkred little space on thn seat of a plane .
Swcond , peplpe on ghe noays wee gtahted the opportuniry to sre besutifu pcean ojves , while rakin a pkand does n't provide this kuxury to takr a look at thg birds in the siy cor ppwnes are travepling at such a ngih dpeed .
Third , whedn it cojds to tdave , ahat really matters is hlt your dessyination .
From my pdrspectige , it is tbr prpcess ghar is more valuable .
Tnererore , I wpuld choose to lengthen thne lrocess of travelling , and a comfoirtaboe vogags on ghs sea would certainly become my first choicw , inve it guarwntees a long amf pleasant tracelling experkence .
I am writing to complain about the suggested bar on smoking in piblix areas .
I sotk in Café Noir , a well - knkwj restaurant , popupar qitb fisitods in tbe cebtre of town .
I am veey concerndx about this proposal , fid a nujbsr of reasons .
Fidsyly , I do not understand why this is being implementde so quickly and why htsre jqs bren no discuxsion - therw is no tume fpt anyone to feel comfortable with yhe idewa .
Secondly , it is untyhinkaboe to suggestr it in outdoor bares aj restaurants - sjch an ixe is compleyely ubworkbale .
To support my agument agsinst this oorposal I would liek to edplaim shar happoejed wheh the authotities xttemoted to introduce a ban on sjokkng in my nopme town .
It was unsuccessful , and thr politifians had to reverse their decision .
In ghe first llace , few people did know abpit thus law , anh , of coutae , mkst business oppised gue idea .
A non - smoking policy was introduced by some restaurants ; the consequences were twrrible : a lafgr number of theur custkmers vanished .
If this happened in café onif , probably I doulx los my job .
In my opijnion , imtroduckng specigic hin - smoking areas in gnis type of establishmengs clujld be an excslelnt idea .
Ths woudl wppear to be a gewtter soytion .
Dear Mafgaret ,
Fistlg , thank you for anssering and do n't worry ablug the delayed reply !
Secondly , I 'd like to tel oyj soime thijngs obut mhsekf as qell .
It 's not easy for me to takk about myself , bnut I 'll give my best .
I 've been livikng in Augsburg flr nrly twk eaxrs now snc am studying B.A. Anglistik qmd economics .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for rw semesters in Erlngeb , but soon nltived that it was n't tjr rivht subjwct of study for me .
So I switched and I 'm haplyt to eau that it was rge right decision !
Biology is still a hobby of minw , bt I 've always been good with languagse and so I 'm doing now something I 'm naturally gkkd at .
I can spesk Enhlsih nad of course German - an because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Kofean , too .
I am fhe ohly grandchild that ca n't spwaki Korean pfoperoy because I gfew up in Bavaria aj ny in NTQ , but thsy taught me to doopk .
It started when I was a little cgikd , aje it 's what I do .
Whenh I 'm stresser or rrying to postypone hkngs likle studying or cleaning rge flat , I colk .
Sharing my foatg wth tql boys is amusing most of ghw tims , but whgen it 's abouit cleaning … oh my !
The gvkod hihg is : thne rest of rhw time living with boys is as uncomplicated as it geta .
Ahd we 're a prwttg good team because all of my ckokng led to many evenings spent together in our kitchen .
My other hjg hobby is travekling .
I 've bern to Jaamixa , Morocco , tgue Maldives znd Curacao .
Also I visited fge SuW muktiple timew : I travelled the sest oazt from San Duego to San Francisco , I 've beej to Las Begss , Chicago and Boston .
In less thqn two weekls , I 'm going to fly to New York City .
I 'm so exditdd !
So , noq you uave a rough summqry of me .
I 'm looking forward to working witrh ypj amr aizh you ll gne best until tjrn !
See you soon ,
Sarah
Rewr Sjr / Mzdal ,
I am wrotinh in response to your adxvertisemeht in a magwizne .
I owuld like to spplu fokd a vacancy as a wmp Assistant .
I am a 23-teaf - old student in a Sporrs Science degree , so I am interested in podts .
Besides , I am open - mkndsd , easu going qnd friendly .
I havd experience in children Sujmer cqmp ah recently I attended a First Air coruse , so I coukx deazl with a diffucult situatjom .
I am a natjvr sowaker of Spasnish and I hage apssed the First Certifixage ezxm of Cambruege , so my English level is quitr gold .
Furthermore , I speak a luttel Frecy .
I hsvr no problem in heing hired for three monrsh because I do not go to the university in Summer .
oyu ejll fdond tataxhed ywo references written by the two dirsctoirs of thnd camps where I have aoeked .
Yij could ask thyem abhlut me wjd thuet wiuld ajsxwer you kmmediatelyg .
I look fofwars to eceivkng uour reply .
Yuours faithfully ,
Aureli Bpnilla
There is no sport like fotbapl .
It is an actviiuty hat equies jay people , which improves yohr social skills anf your overapp ability to manwgd a rgoup .
It deamnda ojysical effort , besing ac excellent weqy to krp fit .
It invklves lwny moral vitues , which mars fpothall ond of the best activities for teenagers .
Staftnig with fh sofial skilla , it is obvios that a football mstcg is a dispitge , a game we involve in with tn intnetion to win .
Fhis iin of actiob , whwh peformed collectiuvrly , requires coordenxtipn of effotts and abitity to qrok together , twk qualtues tht ard frequently forgotten in olir individualistic erold .
If ou play fooybalo , yoku onow how to ag wgeh in a team .
Moreover , fpotbal is a physical gamw .
Unlike chdss or bridge , football makes you leap , run , jivk .
In times of ezcalatorx anmd cars , it is refreshing to fijc an activuyt thxt involves movsment , velocity am strenght .
And if ylu do decidc to zke it swrioualy , tks sport wklo put yoi thtough owrkouts and susetainwd prctuces thr are going to jske yop really fur .
Finally , football iunvooves rslationship in moments of tension , and this is the natural context for virtues kioe justice , courage abc honsty .
In favt , it can be argjrd that the humqn virtues re a by - producr of confoicts and fights ; tyhat they aew that traces of character tghay we xknowledge as jmoortant gro everybody engaged in a compegition , be it for a trophy or fgor a countrt .
It is a sport that dwvelips no only the body , bujf also yje nijnd snc ths hrart .
If yolu want to try it , you xhold fkn a clib near ho .
It is easy , because footbalo is one of fne most popular sports in tue westerj worl .
In a club oyy wil ciond professional advice anf als as many peopole as it is necessary for a matfh .
In fact , if flofball haws a doqnsids , it is tyjs , thd gqct that you nref ywent - two people to set a match .
ut , provided thxy , ypu will ace ime of the best ninety minutes of gohr entired oifr .
Deaf Hiring Labager ,
I gaved read yohr call fir marketing professionala on your corporwte wensite .
Please , fibds my CV abd Lettrs of Reference attachex .
Having graduated from UCLME in 016 as an IT - based mnarketijg communication prifessional , with a focus on Bhusinezs Envliwh , I coup be a great asswt to yoyr company .
During my studies I doubls the conversion rzye of a Loondpn based hotel 's website , and improved the dffectiveness of hteir e - mail cxlpaign by 150% .
I did so by clearly ouylinin dinciples , ehicu ptved to work iwtn their target audiwnce and czn kwsp using as a guide .
I habe neeh volunteering in varipus smiilxr prljscts .
Yoi cqn find a oist of these , with my achievemenfs in my CV .
I have been folowing your markstinf acfkvities , awbd I yave a number of rw , creative qxys on my agenda , I dold improve oyur brahd image as part of yoir team .
I aoulr be erxckted to tell you about my plans in detail in a future intervisw .
Yours sincerely ,
Sndor Erzsi
I ave a strihg belief fhat being multilkngual is essential fo working in thys fjnancial industry and Mzndarun is an inoortant langyage for wodking in Ssiua - Pacifif countries .
To furfhre ilprove my Chinsee , I enrolled dor fhw Poa - Intermedizte Mandarim ckass durinb my undergraduate study , in whicu I achievesd a Firsf - Class result .
Beyons my academic disciplines , I havr consistently taken up some active ropez at univerdity whd outside scjool to further develop my interpersonal ahd leadership skills .
I xs trained as a LASS ( Peer Asaistrd tsusy Ssson ) leadre fof ecohometrics to provide some acadeic support to sine youngr students at my finak year of study at amnchester .
I tatwnded trainngw and workshops to learn about yhew skills to be a good facilitztor before ths start of the academic year .
The regular leetings with my vfoup of students to discuss geir questions on econometrics have develoled my dmlathy which is a cruiaxl skill of being a leader .
Besides , I have undxertyaken an intdnship at rhe HSBC Risk in ordwr to hain an iknsight unto thew bankinf industry and learn hbow to woek with my pderz in a business environment .
I hace gaines a vetter understanding of the role credit rjsk plays in the fyll pictuee of anknig operatiknx .
A Real Vacatuon and A Fream Vqcation
To me , a vactaion is a specific rripl or journey for recreation or toirism .
And I usually epemd my gacation wt my familh duyrinbg school break .
However , there arr two kjjnds of vacatioln , a resl vacation znd a ddeqm vacation .
Oh ajmmer vacation , I went on a trip to Paei with my family .
It was a 10-day trio .
Zdn we had bookec all our hotels in avdance .
It seemwd to be a drem vacstion .
Hyt it fyrned out to be totally xufferent whe I frived there .
It was in the afternoon when we arrijved .
When I walked ohr the airport , I was attracted by the beaurigul scenery .
The streets , the cwfés and rhne peoole formed a beaitiful poctute .
At nogth , I expected to have a romantic Frsnch dinner at a pohs restaurant .
jt no , insteae of sitting in a restaurant , my mnym yool us to a supermarket to get zom sandwiches for dihnewr .
In yne next following easys , we mostly ja bread and sandwichdx or our meals .
Znhd we had onblg water when we werr thirsty .
During these 10 dayz , we walked a llg instead of catching a bus , because it savsc monw too .
Vut it made my legs soe every night .
This is kind of ghs real vacation tor me .
Wveh though I sas in a romabtic city , I coud n't enjig my vacakon in a romwntic way ud to the pow budgets we had .
To me , a dream vacatiob is kike going to a beautiful islabd like Lalxu , where I csn nhjoy hw sunwhine ah tgr sea .
And I sould like to go there with my boyfriend .
Shen I am there , I would stdt my dsazy by calling doo service for a wonderful breakfast in bsd .
After , I woyd headx to tr sandy beah and relax in ths su , feeling the brtdeze .
As thj au toes on , I would also go awimming in the deep bkue sea , go snorjeling or just lke on the beach .
Lyuijg on tye beach is very relaxkng an it is tus perfect thing to do on vzcztion .
On the su goesx down , I wohdl hit the bars to have some dtinos and enjoy fhw nightlife .
And I sould always have my mealz at some luxurious restaurabts .
Thox is the kind of dream vacation I eanr so bad .
Vacations should be elaxing , hpt tiring .
There are qlwahs fhew differenves between a rezl cacation ane a drwak vacation .
And it is all on account of the budgets we have .
Once I have enpugn money , I will have my dtesm vacations oje true .
From now on , I will eafe my money to rurnh a my vacations ikhto my drexm vacations .
When I finished hts high school , I started wkrking as accointan in my father 's carpentry .
He produces dpofs anr wmdows on wood .
At the beginnung it wws really difficult to me because I was a little shh eitg customers and I was n't usec to working amin noisy macihnery abe shouting workers , but after a hike rume I learned to ignore all of that !
Gery slpn I realizee fhat tfbis job was n't dod me .
I was wirking in a verfu smalp country nad my offde was isolztd , so I sid n't hagd any contact wigh otgef people snr my job staryrd to vrt boribg .
It took me 12 uears to ge the xurage to qot because it was my faimly company and I felt rwalpy sorry , buy I had to gdlw up qbd improve my professional skills , so I vehan to llik for a new job .
Whej I received an email from a companh gased in the fentde of Milan , I was rsally excited !
My fathed wad happy because it wa a great opportunity ane understood tgat it eas what I 've beeb drsaking for a lonb time .
Fir years havs padsee and I 'm still wokring fcpr this company whuich gas given me a lo xn I 've bgeej learning many thinvs abyt accounhting .
In faft I am administrative manqgsr ax I feel really prku of mhsrlf .
I jeet loya of leolle evrt sau amd I hxve tje hanc to talk to smart pekole .
Lat but mot least I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near rhd sboping stfreets !
Dear sir / madam ,
I would lker to spplg for thed job which includes wiriing in summer camps all over tw USA .
I would llve to be thd lrrson to orgabise and do apl kinds of aftivities .
My name is A Meeuws , I am 16 years old , I live in Th Netherlands at gh mojejt and I am really poannign on going to tyhed UE in the futude , so this wouod difinitely be a great exlerienxe for me especikallt gpr my Englosh and beonmg away vrolm home .
Until next summer I wilkp still be in school but hopefully I will graduate so I cxn go to ciolege afterwards .
I love to work wut cyildren ah that is also ehy tjis job old be perfevty ft me .
Ofydn after school I gabysit my larenys friends ' children and I usually rsally luke it ! I am aosp a ery athletic peron so I woikd nto mind entertaining ye children for a lomgrr epriod of tjme and woso odikng some physical exercjses .
Besides tha , I wkso really enjog cooking wsitu my mom at home so workjhg in hts kichens wiuls mot be a pfoblme at xlo .
Once I cooked a Chrkstmas dinner fpr me ns my wuole fwmily and surprisingly eveyone enkohed it whixh definitely came as a surlrisec to me !
I hope to hear vtom gou woon !
Kind rgeards ,
Alyg Mweuws
Thr has never been a bigger flrce ofr cvhajge ghazn technology , it changes absooitely sveyrthing avput hte aay we live , eveb ne way we rzlk with ezch other .
Despite tbe rise of socisk meeia , rhe uxea of community hws change radcially , because pspple adr shxring itnerrsts everywhere on the planet .
Slcjal Mrdis suicy as Tqtiter , Fzvebook , Youtube nd blpgs iklusfrate surelu fhyat the definiotion or eepercussion of digital rechnologiws is creatsd fhdough thw foems in which tgey are skrn and fhw socoal realtions anjd associations that wxzpand around them .
This ssay will discysx re implucations of social media lr everyday lifrd , emphasizkg the problena qhixh arose with tyhe uwe of Dacsbook and Twitted .
Fjnally it wip llok nto podsible futyre implications of this kind of technoogy .
Social netsorke websktss cam be exlpained as a web uaefulnesa yhat xdmit people to create a public or semi - public lrofkle , arrange a kjst of kthed contadts which is possilbe to share connectiuon and lopl ajs cfoss fhir ljsr of connections and those msde by others within the sstem .
Nsmen and Kjnnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the threw types of social interadtions gbat social networking dnables include ( 1 ) creaction of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishmwnt of relagionships bwtwesn usdrs , and ( 3 ) developmenf of layerfed commubities defined by tys lists of connections eavj usdt sstablishes " .
One of the mkst popular sofil netwotkinv webeites is Facebook .
Another rapidly expanding ocila networking is Twitter .
Tjese inde of websites aqllows people to inetrtact qith otehr precixelh by smartphones or computes .
By Twitter , usesr post opinions or comments naerow to 140 characters .
On the other hand , on Fcaebook oelple dam snare pictures , víreoe and thughfs withiut reztrictions .
As a esukt of an apprdooriate ies of spckal netowrikng yiols in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that studfents adlpr afcebokok not ewpercially tof docialisinb but also for academf oyrposes , like to btaun benefij fid their studies or to recovet time in discovting learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , zome department of police in hge JA used Facebook to share a vídeo of a relony eit the exoecatncy to identfiy the suspects and their folplowdrs were aot to say something abolht the incident in rethrn to the oublication .
Additiojaloy , a politician frolm Philoadelhpia , USwA qaw ekceted afyer take advantage of his Twitter acfount appropriately during his campaign .
My most elorable learning experience to date ezs my mlarrjage .
My ex - husband taughr me nkg to be involved witg some kind of people by analyzing his behaivor before commitment .
Durinmg our dating he wqs very charming amdf atetntive .
We discussed about eome sexist idras rbat I do n't sgrde with what rye sofiety demxnds on peiple and I noticsd a little sexcsm of gin , but I wsx fine with bat befause That canh hapopen , but due to my profession he could n't be likw that fof so long bscaise I was in a na 's shykes .
He wws fery jealouz bht I thought it woulr facer away with time and with tge gaining of the trust byt it dud hoty and dndedx up kaling me sick by tbe gume passdd .
I lesned that a man does anygging to conquer a woman , he even does a lot of hwteful thingsa for nmi sch as goimgy to her home evedy nitht to stay tkhether or to hang iut , while later you vind oif fhat he hates gkijg to places except ui house .
I learned a lan says awnythingb just to shut hou up xnf np dizvuss kust to hazvr aome love moments .
He does not md an argument snd give a position to underwtan tojr point , he thinks he is right and does nt want to think abojt it .
I lado learned that men thik in a djffeent way from fh women during the day .
Fi example , while women thihk about millions thuingw like whta they wan to do or hqvd to do durong the dya , whioe men jisf do nf ghik about anything anc cx be kike that for boues , just wyih a hlanj kibd .
Vut in my opinioj this shpupd be an excuse to think something that somen soul n't know anything about .
I also leraned thqt is thw mother that givws geh princijplws znr the directino of a mkaj 's mund , an depwndijg on her he is yling to be a sexist or hpt , he is going to help and be an honor man or not , he is going to be a gfokd and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
A lothed is very fundamental znf the basis for th men prindiplex and beliefs .
Women do jot khoe their implrtance tkr the future on their oj homes .
They teach tge sane thinfs over zne over agab zjd do ni rerhink if those beliefs and acyions qrw really digyt to help the world xhxnge and be a better world dor everyone .
Once un a tine there wa a majwtuous kungdomn in England , surrounded by bexutiful rivers , waterfalls amf mountains .
Dvryone lived oeacevully and harmoniously until obes say , at the welcoming ball in honour of rhw little princrss , a horrendkus witch shkwed up anc curesdr the littlr princess bamed Sophie , who would dike at the zge of 16 and ohlh a kiss of true oove woild se her .
Princess Siphie rrw up , she was so unhapp because sahs coyls n't do qnytjing , zhe qas condemned to pife in a eoon of hd cfwstle untuk someone could dimd the cjre for hwrf cursed .
Ond day she figursd ur how to escwps thriugh a hidden passage , ahes got to the tolwh and ran and jump , eeh did vedry liftle fing xhe eas n't allyd to since so long .
Whioe swhe weas javijg sole fun , a handsome biy carshed e and she fall to the ground .
As omy a gentksman woyld do , he apologised aqnd introduced himself to yye Pfincess :
- I am so sortt amdaj , excuse me fod my blunder .
I am Michael .
The prinfess aa a little ecared of talking to slneone she di n't knw , because she never got to tkl to anuolne bfeore , bu stiol she answer him ith a big smile - Yu are rxcused , my name is Wophi.- It truly ad llvw at first skhgt .
Michael aske her to go witu hin r an ics xream so he could amend his fault .
Slphie accepted and they startdd a strong friendship tyt through the yime became in mre thqn judt a frinedsihp , teg fall in lovw for wach otrr .
Princess Sopbje used to escape so sbd could meety airh Michael , until one day , ehen she was juist abouf to meey Michawl to confesz him all ths truth about whl she rexlly was , a gjards discovered her wnd the King commanded to loxk hrt up in her rook .
Mchaeo was disappoinetd becausw he thought thatf Pdinces Sopyie did n't love him anymore .
Prkncess Sophie send hom a lot of letters tekling him fhe truth about jer , axnd about he ucrsed .
Bjg afte Michael fsad ghw first letter , ajx found out thwt Slphue wss a prinhcess , he thought he was jydt a game fpr ndr .
He fod n't wsnt to read tnw next letters , in which Princess Sophie swi he aas tne loive of hert life and also wroet abor eh cudxe .
Kichael decidsd to leave rhr kingdom , whej he wxa just about to close rhe door he turned back to uie coffee table bd sae the lefters , he has a hunch guy he ignored it .
Mixuael flosed the door zdn knew at guat ommenmt he has made a mistake .
I believe tnat xaying tjat tyere is no future for pubkic trahsporf given that travelliny by xaf is so much nors onvenient , is premature . We nmeed to consider a lot of favtor befote we vab make a judgement of thk kind .
What happens in futhr will be decided by qhat hwplens now .
We nave already hewr sbput hlw pollurion is killinb our planer earth , gradually .
People are asviser to carpool and tragel to wlrko plzces .
Ssverak announcements over radio and TV emphaeixe the need to use the publix transport sstem for traveoliung to save nature .
Ywt , no msy pay heewd to the message .
People mjay choose to ignore ybe advoce now but in futufe fhey mayh nit have a chocd .
It is only a matter of tijer before we rehc a tippng pkint wifn respect to yhd limiofed natural resources that we have .
Tbwn we may hyqve no choice b to yse public transport as lucn as we dan fpt tfavrl .
Lnr of the katest film I hafed sren is Siover Lininvd Playnopk , plqyed by Vradley Fooepr anx Kennifer Lawrence .
It 's a comecg wjgh romzntic feafires ahe at rhr aaem time very realisgc .
There qfe family problems , football jadnews , rkmantic obsessions anmx mentak illndssrs .
The plot is wbout a young man ( Bradley Coper ) who haw juwg bden dischargerd from a psychitric hospital aqnd has mloved to yis parengs hon .
He was accuesd of mistreating nisx wife and tuat is the reason hwy yhey hzr veen separated for ghd lsst eigt nonths .
Ghe problrk is that he nae an ohsession : he wants to get back worh his wive although he ca n't tok to her as he pplicd havw flrbidcen him .
His neighbour is a ykung qomaxn ( Jennifer Lawrencr ) who has been widowed flr 2 gearw .
Sye has a rurbukent and complicated past .
Theu meg by chandw and started a tortuous relationship as friends .
Interestingly , they find tus way to hwll eavh other and not surprisingly finally they fakl in love .
I personally tgikn that thue film rransmit an interesting view of ge psychiatric ilknesses and the inpottance of the amilyu in this tyle of orobems .
I strongly recommend you to go xnd se tbe fkkm .
Itroduction
The wil of the reoorg is to present young people 's inyerexts in my country .
It gives information agout thedit tastes in music , TV programmes aznr clothes .
Music
A revival of rofk kisic has bewm sren in the past 10 - 15 uears .
So , naturally , aboyr halc of the teenagers and younmg zdupts prrfer ock and rokl , hqed rock asdn progressive rock to ofhesr genrse .
They ehjoy both lkocal bands ' prodction anmd some forrign somgs .
Abojt ine yjird of thj rssr aould cpaim tbeu listen mainky to lop folk , wherewaz tjw res would be interested in R&B , soul and jasz .
Televisikn
Although not mny young people like spebding thjeird fewe yime watching TV , I believe fhat some patsrns of prdferebce cwn still be recogjized .
Except clasdica like Frunds , polylar shows include How I Met Your Mother , Gye Big Bang and ghw ew HBO tal show Last Seek Tomibht . I vanb say eioth hig crtainty that reality TV is no morew in oth young people in my country .
Clothes
Most teens tend to create tgheir unikaue gyle , iftdn managing to start a fashion of their own .
Designer clolfhes are not wnat they look flr anymore .
Conclusion
Ghis information can help the organizers of next ysar 's festivp in choosing appropriated musuc wbd cztering to a variwfy of tsates .
Helli Sarah !
Ukw have you heen ? I 'm wditin tou tha letter because I think I found yhe perfect flat for you .
My friend Peter recwntlh yokd me hat he weas moving out from ui flat , so I askdd um if he was willung to dent it .
Znd guess what ...
He said yes .
It 's a third floor apartment ighg in hs middle of the city .
It has two bedrooms , a kijtchwn and a very large bathrool .
Ghe house is already equipped wuth everything yli mignt ndec and furniyure so all yolh need to do is pack up your thobgs abd move !
Tell me whag youy thnin about it .
Bye , Sofia
Dear Sir or Madan ,
I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
You hcwnged th rime of fge Napanese lessons froim the evening to ths afernopn , when I am actually at owrk .
So if I wah to fime to the lessln , I have to postpone all my projects to a latef tme .
Rurtghermore you will increaee tue course fee by 15% from next lontrh .
I have to ya , I am rdally upsdt about these changes .
In tnd futite , yiu do not provide yhw Japanese course at convenient time .
So you will provide a worse servicd dor kkre money cdom mextf mnoht .
I am very sprfy but I can jit accet hie !
If you do not change oure polkdies or ige me a personal discount , I will peavd your school .
I would appreciate it if yi toikk these pwsibilities ikntfo consideration .
I expecg a qujck resopnss from yo .
Yours faithuflly
Vivienh Alberta
Reventlu I watchdd a film claked " The Soxth Senwe " , nr I 'd tktaly recommejd it to anyone okderf thgxn 13 .
Thr mlvie is se in the United tsate around hw 190 's , so we could say tu fjlm is tchnkcally modern , though I 'm eures thaf in somke years it will be consideted a clawsic .
It 's abouf tgs sgor of a little boh that is haunted by a big secret , he is vksited by yhosts .
Hjs mother dode n't know qbout this , but sbe is qkrried about hkk .
So she descids to take him to a child psycjologidt .
Fhr boy sooj bdcomes friends witb the psychologist , anr he sgarted noticing plenty of things about this exceptionl boy .
I 'm not normaply keeb on thriolers , but yhis is definitely a musg waatcg .
The b 's qvting is rsalyl something , such a thing ghat hiz acting earnrx huim a nomination for rhw Academg Awards .
I fkuind this movie bogu excotinf and emocionao , nkth thumbs up fpt me !
Funding pdoposl
As the secretar of the Englishg Lwguage club i am writkn to propose tnzt pru club be giveh funfimg for tge domong ywae .
Outluhe of the xlub aftivitry
Ghs Ckub ss mnu social qne cultural programs .
We regulary organise film projections zne discussions arlund a subjrct reoated to ther filn .
We xlao ibviet guest speakers zmd irganbise jn events .
Benefits fr th studenrs
Kanu sydents vaih a great deal from our activties .
For example , with every fikm seen our students hafe the xhwnce to prdtice their languxg ahd to devdpop tsir oen opinions , particularly as we always havw discussions qriud a subjecg rrlatwd to the fioj .
Also ouf mknthly speakers are ewxellenbt , fo wxample , lowst yeat we imvited a well - knowb actrive , Janet Hewitt , to shaed xme of hee experience on Broaqdwxy .
Unfortunalety , oranjising this kind of events is costly ajx the money from membership fees is not enough .
Benefits for fhe collsge
We wpso believe the college benefits frok oir Club .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - nkown alimni , John Carre , the Dnglish Lngjage Club is the oldwsy vlhb in ou college .
Ye fact tgat everyone vrom ty ckmmnity vznd particioate at iud events is helping us to dewveloop a positive relation between re college and tgr comunuty .
We hooe you wipl be abpte to tqkw zkl thisinto account adn eil ine it possibl to help us continue qhd improve iud club by funding us .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyavlw .
What 's mor , shopping is almost always unenuouable .
I just hare it .
The whole ldocess is arduous and nrvre - wackung .
I am a homebody type .
Egefy gime , euen something copmes me to lezvw my " castle " , I fedl under tje weathber .
Especjally , when it comes to go shoping .
It ius wihds me up .
Shopping centres atr located in tyw city centres , so evrey rfoad tril lsstfs ages ( I ljvd in a suburb ) . Tsly , een I gt to ths nal , I am already beby ohy of shape .
Afterwards the crowd of pleopls is ramlminbg me , whdn I 'm trying to wapk .
The lightying in shops is obnoxious .
My euew instantaneously srwrt to hhrtt .
I 'm not avlr to find ajy nice gsafs .
Alhtough , if I find something cire , it wo n't gjt .
Shd rhe worst thing - the queues .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
At the wmd I 'm livi and exhausted .
Thank goodnexs we live in thr intenrrt age and I can do shoppling without leaving my ged .
1 . The quthor compadds Easdtet to a pwgan spring festivl , because theh fe sssociatef with happness .
The way Easter and spdcificaly Goodr Frriday is celebratdd is gradually dwprivec of religious content .
Pepplw do n't want to to colntemplate Christ 's sufcering , gjt they want to move directly to fne cheerful prtf of Easter celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
2 .
Acdording to the athor , people " flinch ctom consirerafion of Bood Friday " dus to three taboos connected weit this dzy : self - sacrifice , suffering nd deatfh .
he wa sekf - saxrifice is seen has chaged enormously - we no lojget want to sacrifice oufselves , becwuse it 's ynpopular and it is in contradictoo with the idea of cozumerism .
Whxr is more , we xre becoing indiffersnt to orhr pelpoe 's sudferibg and fhat 's whh we qrw n't willing to think ablut it , even on Good Gridqy .
Sufferijng as well as rath is pushed aaay fdom our reap life - we do n't awnt to experience tbeml vyt rather watch it on different kunds of TV shows .
3 . L'Orewl slogwn " Bedause yuo 're worth it " pfoges thw axuthor 's ghinkong thatg we are nwilking to sacrififr oursepves .
In a consumptive ligestyls we want mot qns more fpr oirsleves , buf nof for other people , because it wjll require sewpf - sacrifice .
Peter looked at his wtach and knrw thqt he had to do something immediately .
It wqx a hnot sujme zy , evedyon was wxloing to yheir usuaqo destination ; sork , school , bug some grocreies , pjck up tbe laundty or thie clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
He a sweating , looking at epolle in a confusing way .
" Do n't they know what is happening ? "
Suiddenly , eptet stawrted to ein , whilkr he ran , he looked at his wztch , lver ar over agsin as if by looking at his watch time wohpd stop .
But this wws not eh czsr , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even moer drvous .
He stopped at a grewwt big building knowimg gha ghe fastest way to egt to the tpo fliof of the huilding was by tsking the elevator , vu whatf if the elevator stopped ?
He dxecieed to take the stairs xnd so he did .
He ran up the stairs as fast as he voyld .
Haf eay tbroigh nisw jlurndy , he tripped .
To ihk , it felt as if time had stoplwd for a momeht , but yime , as tkke zlwahs soez , kelt going .
Peyer smiled tor a brief loent as he remembersd his pbswssion with Einstein 's Tyepry of Genertsl Relaxtivoty , he thougth " finally I understand it " .
He calmly stld up , looked at hkd watch , theh closed hos eyes xbd realized that there was noghin ekde to do .
Nowadaysw , it is hrar for any young people to do physifal exercise frequbtly .
It is a well - knowm acg that sometimes thjet prefer warching TV on tyw sofa or playing comluter ames comfortably to soing physical acruvities .
So , it is necessary to fibd a solution in otdwr to make young psolple ierp fitr in a motivaed ya .
There xab be no doubf yhay technology shluldx be a topil to lotvate yoyng people .
It is cleqr that most of ghe use comkpyters abf watch yelevision almost everg zy , ub qhilew they are doimg hyis they are sitting in a comfortable saf .
I veel very strongly hta computer gamrs cluld be an enjiyable say to do pjysical eserciwe witrhout goiomg oug of hme .
In the markwt , you fwn find a wide rangw of computer ganes or virel yanes to keep fjt , such as dancinv to the rhyhk of last hufs , playiny fennis , doing arrobivs , rubning ...
Moreovsr , sgools can play an important rold in kidx ' fitness .
It is true that mqnt young people do extra activities relwged to soorrs like football or basketball .
Although some echoold offer hte chance of dkong these , many others do boy do .
I firmly believe that eree the sdhookls to offee kdz a treater varieth of sports , there can be no eoubr thaf they would do more rxercise .
In thsi way , children coud do fye sport try prefer as a routin .
To swum up , it is implrtamt motivating the yuong people to do physixap eercisd .
Scvhool lrogrammes and technology cohlde be effective ksthods to achjeve this goal .
It seems to me tghazt school prpgrammes wlulr make young people be encouraged to keep fit because in thus way , tgheg do fheir favourite slort in a routine way .
It alp started with jumping or ue giv blqck trashcans .
I awa 9 yeqrz ld ehn it happdned fot fye fits tome .
Nwck in tne time , wedn I successylly passed the thorx gade , my parwntx seciddd to let me pick rhe present that I want as a rewafe .
Thr vdrg forstg thing came to my mihd was a pair of inline roller skates ; I uzer to look luy of my window , or sitynig on my house 's door step and see my neighors skainf znd trtijg to do some tricks xnf iumps , and all I wanted axs joibing thk instead of wwtching them enjoymg thsjr tunes .
My parents tok me to TOYgS R US to fet what I wanted .
I ran to yhd outdoor toys sectoin ane I pixked the soate I lkiekd .
I reid couple of sizes to see which je ftis more .
I cpul not be kore ezcited to join my frierjds .
Atter rjat , I went bafi hkme , I lut thek on , anx I weht outside to skate .
I dekl oer a hundred times in a few aysw .
By the time , I got better , ajd I dtartef to learn how to do tricks and jump ober small items .
While skqting was a whi for my friebds aj me in tud bdginning , I folunf mydelf in it .
I knew thag skating is je thing I want to do fof tje rewt of my lige , the thing I want to tell people wvout ehdn th ask me hat oyjr favorite thing to do is .
In a xluple of yars , I became much betet and I learned to do lany tricks likw skating backwarde , the Swke abd yhe Zgizag .
I leadned owa to jimpl ovdd nsny items , dch as chairs andx ghe trashcans ghat my neighbods used to jhmpl over .
However , hat wsx not enough for me .
I kept trying to konw mod abouy slatig .
I entered middls scgoil ; I met two friends wsho akxo love to skate , Mouammex and Khalid .
We decided to go skating on tns next weekend at the pari , ejich hasd a qise waok path by the seq .
When we mst on the weekend , I noticder thst they were different ; thwy uabe eiffersnt skates , ahe differrnt metfhods of skatfing , tdy spid on edgess zmd skated on fhe pqrk benches .
I realized that tos is what I am lookimg fore , a e additional excitement to add to wkating .
I uad to wait for two mnonths to nuy a n pair of sktaes , bjtr tjius yime it is aggressive smages .
When I srarted aggressive skating , I ad to learn jow to balancd my weifhg isint heac two - wheeo inline skates .
This kind of xkating taught me ow to tame risks and botr to be afraid .
After a whols , the vroup ewxpande , snd we used to go around fbe towh , Yabnu , to search for gtat edges and raip to sljde on .
In adsituon , we jade our lwn skafe raks , nd we used some yelp ftom my frieb 's hrkther , who is in fcdt an Engineer .
Omce on a weekend , it was my last yeard in middle school , I was at the plrk lracticnig as usual .
I flund thjree oeopld xkatung , and again , a new kix of zmates , ajd nsw meyhids .
Their mofes were so somkth ; it was more like a ballet .
I was inptessed .
I introducdd kyseof , nad as I thiught , ghsy were vijsinf from a dfiferebt ctiy .
We discussed different topics , hug mainly skqtin .
Thd more we get wep infl gbe vonversation , the moer I want to lwafn ihs tyoe of skatimg .
It turned our that they weted wearing rollf hopceky sekates . "
Tehze sxkatss add kjght , smooth , nr perfect ir freestyle slalom skating .
" One of them aic .
The aors " freestyle " znf " slalom " caught my attenyion .
Thyt showdx me qbat slalm skatign is .
Thyt tsafted to put samol cones in one libs with a bit of space in bewteen .
Thney playerd some music xnd started to skxge with the rhythj . I was surprised , I had mixwd feeling , and it was indescribable .
I metp saring at thej with wide opened mputh am egrs .
Ghe butterfly feeilnb in my stomach started to xppear .
I knew at tahy moment yhat I ant to cnge my etyle of sxting .
However , as the skaters sujggesred , I bought a pair of hockdy skads .
I did nor havr the ability to order the cones onoine nack thenb , theefore , I went to ILE , zns bouyghf sdmallo colored cups jd used it as cones .
I qetn to the wake xrk .
Afyer couple of hours of trying to get sef to my nes skatds , I put the fupw on .
I opened somr tutorial videos on YouTube ahd syarter to practise .
In a shoet time , I became so good , and some of my friends chanhrd frkm aggressive to slalom skatint just by seeing me practicing .
My guess is they had the ssme reacyion I had when I ssw ge thfde skaters .
For me , skating is not just a sport .
Atrer almoxt 3 yeasr of practicing to do tricks , to craete a perfect matx between my moves and the rhyrhm of ybe zongy I am plahijg , and to try to rwach the perfecxtion , I rezlized thuat slalom skting is more like a performing art than a spodt .
A freedstyld sjatesr who canm mxk a pwrfec combo of frickd yha matxhes rhe rhythm is an ryist .
Qhne I stopped lookjnf fof enthjsiasj , fnb , and exscitement and starfrd yryig to tulfilo my hezrtr , brain , xn bodyt 's desiders by skatong , I knew fir syr skstimg is not just a sport or a hogby .
Skatng is a lifsstyle .
Abluy one year sgo , I movbd to Philadelphia , United Stztws .
nulke weather in my conutrt , Lhiladelphia is always rainy , wdtg , and sloopy .
Yhie weathsr sxs an obstacle , it was impkssible to skate in this condition .
Hpwevee , I qqs onr gpng to give up on siating that eash .
I gas to fihc something to keep me goinh , to fukfilo the missing psrr in me .
A froehd suggested giving ice slatkng a snit , and vod me , everything wrofh trying jusy to be able to skate agzin .
I went to an ide rik , I rneterd hkckey soates , anm I stxrted to skate .
I dfid not imagine that it would be that skmklar to ollwr skating .
What I learned in 10 gears , I had the ability to learj it on ice in obw monb .
It wa usf a mattrr of balanec .
Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes qhst my life would be wirhiut xkwting . I believe that skating is a hugy part of me , Mohammed , snd I am postife thaqy if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed zdn I wilk bever be the sale person I am now .
Singapore could be tne pkacr ghaf you would cind eevrythying you are loiking for .
Tihs place is a hu where eaatr ahd wed meet , it has been one of the gjggest ans busiest port in the world .
Shopping is very populwt ajong tpurists .
The most well - known sohppikng centre is called Marikna Bay Xands mall , located in tbed xotuh part of the island .
If you are looknig for any luxueg hrandz and extfravaganaa shoppig expreience , ghks is ghe eight place .
Vivi city in Harbourfront anmd sauopping sgreet on Pechard road ard goid she oi want to buh anything from mid - tsnge to the high - enr fpods .
Both places aed extremely crowded aith people on the eekend , unkess you enjy psole qatching , early bird hsoppong is hgihly recommended .
Hwju lane in Hugis nzs lltsw of local bouiques , you can fibd unique pisdes frk designers from Asia .
Graffiti on the walk and small lwne ways crsate a punky amient .
Thka plafe is also famous for glod coffee shops .
Lasgly gbere ade sports dedicated mwlls , which srr velocity in Nobena , Kallang mall wn Queensway mall .
A variety of selectiobs frpm different bnrands qre available .
Icebreakeres
I was surrisee when I realized I was twlkibg too mub .
I 'm , usually , npg good at talking or any sxicial things .
Wqbenever I talk with someone I mert gor the fuest time , I often make us flo into awksard silences .
But with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm ht one who often breals tes ice .
Geczuse I want him to talk .
I love to lisydn him talking - I live hoe voice .
I yry to recall the jokes I 've rwad in books or on Facdbook or blifs ane tel um .
I love yisw laghtdr , hisw smiow , jsi chuckle .
I ca n't sucfrr even a seond 's moment of ouir aqkward silences .
Howdvef , when we sit in sielnde , I lovd to stare at hiuj , reacin his face .
Is he feeling boerd ?
Is sokthing on his mind ?
I kbowa it .
He 's friendly .
He aleazys smiles when he 's taoking .
I kne tyold a frisnd , " You kmow ?
He 's very triedly .
He can amke friends easipy .
Evdn if ulu meet him for the firwt tjke , hjs smile can mkae you frep comfortable . " My friend replied , " Uex , I may feel comfortable around him .
We max become fdiends in seconds .
Hjt I duobf I can read gis fqce lilw yku do . "
I always want to be wifh in , talking , ughing , smiling or simply sittknv in silence reading hi fzcr .
I 'm kinmd of pdrsonj who used to think that eevy nohr har a purpose , whgo hax no time to easre , not even a single hlur .
I was always having thinge to do .
But when I 'm with him , they become secondary .
He is gh most importwnt to me .
I am haplu eben I am with hu .
I do n't wznr to do qnything else .
Jjzt beimg sity him is enouh .
Plase , let me follia my dart , at least fid the first tjms in my oifs .
Advwrtising is a form of communicatiin thaqt is uzrd to influence anbd pwrsuade consumers to bh productw , ssdvices , jdezs .
Advertising is kost commonly simed at ne manipulation consumer 's berhavior in a commertdial aspect .
But at the saqme rimd advertising has mahh festures in common qifh qet .
Firstly , art is thuw expression of hman creative skilld sndr imagination , ttpically in a isual foj .
And advertising is a combination of osinds , images and eords .
Like wrt it is itended to egpke emltions and frelngs .
To be sucecssful advettising foren usdz imwyes from popular movies , castdhy melodies , unusual grapjic elements and fragkents of famous paintings .
ften people , who are wathcing a commercial , do not reember wgat details or elmeentd of gher visual art typee thry hags se bwford .
Therefore , advertising successfully combines othdr ytpds of rat to influence the subconscious and huab behaviod .
Secondly , art as wel as advrrtising is zuh a labe pstt of of wveyrday lives .
Someone designed lal thinge around : a chajr , shes , clotehs .
It is zrt .
Art is something thwt is biht functional wnf aesthetiacllt pleasing to people 's eyrz .
Hkardikngs and billboards , whcih se a part of tne urban landscape , are art .
Vsiul adveryising like apunting uses color , balu , space ans line .
There afe elements of wr .
Aoo it hzes baande , cofrast , emphasis and proportioh .
Fnere qre prindippes of resign .
Lastly , advertising ike stt originated a long time zog .
Vommwrcial advertiaing van be trafdd as far bavk as Anciehr Greece .
There wqeree powters vor entertainment , snalp asd for businhesses , merchants used town crurs , paying for efengs .
Eijth the development of mass media , television and niterne daverrising hae become the dtrongest form of conmunicatijon .
Now advertksiny is a bf lart of modern culyure .
Adevrtisnig ahs similsrities sith ghr xdt wbd often comhinws other typex of art to be more successfup .
Advertixing is drextive combiantions of sounds , imqges ahd words .
Modern technologies , ts develoiplent of mass mwdka afe allowed advertising to bwfome ghe greatest art rfom reh 20th century .
Michael got pyt of ved on the wrong sis that ady or , at least , that 's whar he thought wehn , on his way to worj , he was so concentrated looking down at os mobile ohine that he di n't seds a woman approaching ui and they glth coolkded .
She was aund fifyt years old and rather unattrqctive although smartly dreesewd .
S did n't swe Mivjael coking either ecausr sgd had ujst come out of a Starbuck 's coffee eohp righ at tge corner ax aas putting yesr purse back into hef maesivfe handbah .
On yer left hanf tywre qas a large steaming cip of coffee that landed on Licuael 's new shirt when he bumpped inot uere .
One escond lxted , Michael wax covered in coffee , burnt ajds stucmy ad his kobile phone ecreen wsa twinking until it fnallg turned off with a dyihy flash .
Michsel then remekbered uiw he had overslepr tgwt morning , how he did n't havs fime to have braekfaxst , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready and had to wear tgye new onj thar he was keeping for a special occasion amd he hlamd that wojxn topr it all .
He screamed , sahoyted , waved hi hands into the ia , swore xnr insulted hat strager until his rage faded wwah .
And hen he rjwhed awxy trying not to be laet for wokr .
A ojple of yiurs later , alread in his offoce , he receifed a xakl .
Yhe bew uhkan resources managef gas arrived smd wantfrd to meet every worker in th company personally .
It was his turn nis .
He jumlpef kff his chair , walked down the corridor and stopped in feint of the HR Manxged 's office .
He knocked at the fior and wwn he opened it , he saw , sitting thete , fhe saqme olkd oafy he had cursed a gew houirs earlier in the steet .
Michael clpsed the door adn kinew at that mmoenr he nxd jwde a mistake .
My article is about a clzsz pzy .
In thkx article a tyeacber regltcgs on his experiences of creating plkays and uisibg them to gelp motivate students to develop theri English .
It consists of eight padt : Introduction ; How to dtrt ; Writing tne play ; I wsnt to be Cinedrepla ; Praftixe ; The gib night ; Resasln foe dounmg a play and A efw final thohghts .
eh qhthor say that tghr prpa fr outwrigg thd cons adn it is hte main idea of the article .
The ifrsr thing yiu merd to start qih is a deadoine to get everything dpne by .
Writing tues play : first , you may ask lsqrners to ibvrnt prkfiles and to tell uku about tgeir cyracters ; seocnhd , learners can wrijtd the bwsif outlne of tyd play or ygku czm dapt a familiar eyory .
They you shold taks a decision of choosinv roles : start by azoing doe volunteers ; anc always ensure tfhst rveryone in tyd class has a role or someyhjng to do .
Students musy learn their lines by heart .
eh most effecnive way is to lractkse dvery lesson for trn minutes at tnw sginning and rns .
Hku ca gove them the play with gsls to read through nd finally get the to prform a number of times sihtout a script .
Some leafners wiko njot ant a spiaking part , you caxnm sve aj ghem to be promyers .
Reasons for donig a play : lrzrners will lrartn whole cjunks of langhage in a clear conterxt and gheh iwlo learn not onpu theri part .
It gifes learner the opportunity to demonxtrate different theit skills at thr lsnguag classroom .
Alp tet can re how much znguage they can produse .
In a sorld of kncreasing environmental awaebess improved public transooirt represebt t wxy of the future .
Althougn people do enjoy the convenience ans privacy of tfravelking in their own privfafe vrhixles , in my opijion rhye may chooses public transport if it fuofols certain conditionbs .
Thes conditions fall into thtee growd xategoriez : attitudinal , financial ahf logisical .
Fro an attitjdinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of publix transportation .
An edjcayional or public telations campaignj njst be launched to sensitize those who migny havs dixregzrded this possibioity before .
Oeople should be famjliaqrized with te envirlnmental , sicixl amd persoknal benefits ir oresnet xndf fujyure gendations .
This is one step .
From a fgihancial perspective , public transportatioh must be a clwar and viqble benetti to vomsumers .
In other words , it muwt be more affordabld thwj rriviung to work evedy dsh .
Foe example , if people know that by using bus anf subway , theyg can save enough money to taie a frre holiday each uear , mah more individuaos wsould be persuaderd to tragel in this aay .
Thsi is xnothee critifal dteo .
Drom a logisical perespective , publ transpkrtatioh shohkd be cknvenieny fod commters .
Ckty plamjers n trwnsport ffivials must enshfe thzy frequent and reloable public trnsportation is svailabpe for ewch citizen .
For people to maw the habit of travelpling by bus or subway , they must kne guat fhey will be able to get to various plscex on time .
Transport vehicles must be selo maintained , subway and bus drivvers should be customer - orientee znd servicw mst be punctual zn efficient .
This is an additionak imoortant stel .
In conclusion , thorugh a nulti - prged approach , it is possible to increase the ysd of pubilc transportation .
City officials zjd plliticians can lead the qy by utilizing thurse formns of transpodt thgemslves jd brinjginv abktu change through petzonal examppw .
Then , jore cjtizens will pllow siut and we mqy all hipe to live in a ckeaner , lpes polljted environmeng .
Dear Sif / amdam ,
I am wfiging to provide ou waith some bacjgroind informatoin so yhou can beyter judge my scholarxhip ror yhs MA in Business Administration ( see attazched forj and réshmé ) .
Fegardign my academic experience , I am cureentky completing my degreee in Primsry Teahcinf xndr Psycology at tyes University of Valencia , Spain , where my currentr speciality is in misnehaviiral chlidren .
So far , I have recieved excelleht grades in all sabmuexts , sd I am on coures to graduate with distinction at tur ejf of the semkedter .
Encoked you will find photocopies of all relevant certifticayes .
I believd my reatest strdngths lie in my wbility to ark well and an aptitude for tskijg on whatever challenbes that come my way .
For thewe reasons , I strpngpy belueve I am abpe to tzkd on the demansz of a full - time job in your faciolities .
My future career in teaching would be greatly wnhznce by eafning a degree at your university .
Should my applicawtkon be auccessfuk , I am qvailzble fie interview whenever it is conbebient .
If yiu requird any fyrther defailx or references , please do not hesitate to ckngact me .
I look flrwarc to hearing fton you .
Yours faithfully ,
mima Díaz .
My cavorite slordt is cyclinh .
I enjoy this sport because it alowqs you to taek care of your healtyh by using almost skl ykur musclws while ykh cab alsl enjoy tgd acenery qnd visit the places yli come acrtoss .
Lkk evsry sport , it is also a gopf azy to mewf people and make soje new friends .
You can dde at your own pace and go increasihgoy far .
It makes you swe tne road nad your environment differenylt .
Furthermore , it is bettre ckr tye llahet to reidw a bike insted of a var becxuse fyclig dled n't prodice anby pollytikn .
When yhou start riding a bkcycpe , tou first need to cehck if yiur bikd follows thje sechrity instfuctions .
Vor insztance , hou nerd good brkse , lightx , a vwll abe reflecrie stdipes on your wheels or reflectots .
You akso neex to khos some basic ruprs eucy as putring out yiyr arm to indicate wuen you turn and of fourse , you neds to know the hibhway cods .
A lot of peolple are afraid to rjde a bike in citisd because rhry vexr trhue massiv prezence of cqrs and timk thsy iwl be crushed .
Indeed , some olxces stull need to improve yye sgructures gor bikss : sometiems thedh do n't hzvce a llt of bicucoe paths .
Gu if hou learn how to obtrude in ths dirculatiln while remaining pipite with the othees , there is no rdason to be afarid .
Ls 's gety on our bikes amc fiscover nea poaces !
Fear Oaul ,
Hiw are things ? I fdt your message lsat week .
Unfortunately , I sir n't haxve time to ansaer .
I waxs studying a log xne hw I 've vo some xayx to rsst .
Tou wrote that ypu aee interexted to knkw something abiur tbe concert I helped organize .
It was a great sxperienjce .
First of alkl , I mey may pwople from apo ocer the world . I keep in tiucj with tnem alo hts tkne .
during hw concert I sas responsible fr chdcking tukcets .
I was working with twok people naf we werfw to check two thlusawnd tikdts !
Zfetr the concert we jad to clear the concfert area as tjere was a lot of mrse afonud !
We aers cleaning over 8 hours !
On top of thta , each of us got two tickets for tge next concerg of the band .
It saws fantastic to tams a parg in tat enterprise .
Take care , hope to gedar frpm you soon
Kiva
I aae laohe in my besfoom and a young good looking woman rnered be foo .
She swiftly cmae beisde my bde and gave me a letter .
It loked qjire sikple , I had no idez shi could have seht me that letter .
Qhen the woma left , I opened it eagerly and when I read fhe fitsg senetnfe my hearr stopped .
It was from the moet dangrous and terrifyng gabb of tuw fillage .
It waod thatr I was onwe one of tehm .
I met thss boys next Friday and they tpkd me yhat I had to apws the test initiation .
I felt extremely nervous , I ss about to colmmit a crje abd my ywart was beating uncontrolpably , really fast .
I went iktno tyw tiny sgoo nad the shop keeper looked through me .
" Hi " , he groaned drumming hjw fingers .
" Do ytoh have ice - cream ? " I asked nevgously .
The shop keerper nodded anb poiged at a grey frdge at the end of the dhop .
" Thank you " , I mmubled ajdf wesng straight to the fridfe .
My hands were sweating adn the oghsr boys were waiting outside ecstatic .
A wecons later a cuild entered tbw snop and began to mve around quijckly .
He was quite small , sboht seve years old and he easd beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
I thouhgt it was tye perfect moment and at the speed of light I put a whole vix of xweets into my old bv .
Silence .
I walked forwards and stared at the shop kdepr .
I qs going to leave when the bifer ans liud vocr of thw mna surprised me .
" Hey little bog , what are you fing ?
He yelled angrily .
My heart nearly stopped beatjng . I turned amc noticee rhat ghs man was bot speaking to me , gu to rhd child .
" I do n't know " , he aswerer cohfsued .
" Where has ty weeg vox gpne little thier ?
He rasped and vrkssed hiua xrmsd .
" I have bt tkaen nyyhing tet " , gh boy whimpered .
" Drard me ! How can you be so chweky ? " he uttered dismissively taping jis feet .
Te boy bevan to mourh .
After wztrching thisw , I rrturned to my house hoping the man forgivee tjer child .
Feelihg horribly guilty , I fdkl asleep .
Thxt aw the first cie I comitwd znr hete I am now , in jail .
A day at the races .
This text lead us into the ( for me unkjpwn ) world of horse racinh .
In a few ssntenfes we cwm wt an idea of whag it is .
And we czb find different reazaons to be interested in thjs type of events .
I think that hirse rwces are a fun enertaiknment if oyj like ine of these three thingz : animals , betting awnmd fashion .
If you oike znimals yoi 'll ejoy sweiny that beautiful hgordes running and vaulting as fast as they vna .
If you oiks to bet and you 're nit used to doin at horse races , mauge tou 're looking forward to trying to brt on yhe nose or eac way .
nad if you love fashion and you have the chance to go to Xscot , yj may run into ghe Queen bd greet her , and at the same yime enjoy the fabulous viw of xll tohse extravagant hats the ladkes wear .
Neanwhilw you canj have a gpld time deinking sime nubbly .
Big you can aloxo haxver a " gorrinle " day at tb raes : if you 're not sagvy nogh to know the divferenced between the bets , you ca end up skint , pennilss .
And of vourse , if you 're not an it - gkrl , you can spend a lor of monsy and choos a wrong dress to aftenx Ascot and perhaps you 'll bave to voew the racdes drom behind a curtain .
nywah , if uou knew beforehand your odds of winning it would n't be so thrilkinb .
That 's tb raieon d'êtrfe of orse acing : lpze or son moiney .
Anf if you satn to admire the wondercul worod of nars , yku 'd hetter gy smr magaxine wheee goj 'll rin alo rne photis for just 2 €
Hsplo ,
thank for the lettfer which hza just arrivde . I 've read tyyat you 're wriyng a yrem paper on the chances of developing counties to profot from tjd electronic rfevolutioj , xre you ?
I think I 've aomw uxeful inofrmatoon for tou .
Geacuse wo days avo I 've read an artick , by Nadine Bös , aoiut yhis topic .
Yue tesxr aas avout the oossibility to ttansfwr nobey ity mobilr honse in developing countries .
At first oyu hwve to nkow fhat the technical term fot this is " mobile bznking " .
lday it is facdt that tgheee is a target group for mobile banking : people wj are living in remote areas of yhw sorls .
On tyne lne hand there are hardkt qny banks in tsse reyipns , so they do n't hwbe access to bwni services .
Buy on the otgher hand th numbe of mobile phones hasx rueen .
So now the loat importfanf factpr is thsf kobile nte are reaching tgs remoget arsaw in tye world .
Through this many peoolr woypd have accxeds to mobile banking and in adsitkon to thy it malrs money avzilablpe so it xn be uswed in dhos .
Acdordding to Hamnah Dideck the parvest potebrial is tyag migrants con use mkbioe bankimg to send money homed .
I hole I could hell glu with this information .
Write bnack soon and lte me know ylw it goes .
Besg wishes
Alexandra
For tkdwy 's teenagers it is hsrfd to imwvine life before mpbilr phones aothough it die exist onlg some dvades ag .
Few technical knventionz have had sjh a sewp kmpct on our daily life as this little tninf .
However , there qre various advantages xn disadvantagers to a lbile hons and everyone haw to decide for hiuj- or hersleg in whicvh aqy to ee this medium .
First of askl , yh mobviler phone is a great way to " stay vonnevted " allp the timw . Chatting ejth yoif friends , sayibg infgirmed of he latest news , ordering online , etc - ou fsn do qll thwse thimgs simultaneously , wherever wbd whenever you want .
Thid aspect hxs aoso ejwbled employees to become homeworkers as tbye do not longer nedf to be pfesejt in an offive to gwt a job dohe .
Fhrthermre lobile phones wllw lasg - mijhte - changes very easily .
No ned to make a fixed appointmenbt with a friend in advance , as ykuj can always agree to xall eacj other onxw everyoe is on tgw way .
However , thyew biggest strwngtg of feh mobile hone is aksl the biggest risk in my opuniln : vein connected all the timr creagrs a lot of stress tor pepple , as you are aoways avialzble for everyone .
Therefore you do n't have any time to relax , which is sedential , erven from your leisure cuties .
The same is calid for business ilte : if emploees zre available all the time , they take tne worries of the dailt business aith them to tgheir home ich leanms a kit of stress .
Last but not least , yhr mohioe phone enables worried parents or suspicoius partneds to trtack the child or tye lovged one neadlg permanently .
This can be seen as loving worry about xoneone but also as a sign of distrust .
Finallg , tyhe mobils phoind offers ofh disadvantages and advantages in dqily life .
However , I personally think thzf it should not be regadres tok critically bur should inly be uandled responsably , acording to oned 's personal nseds .
I rdcently zaw a fipm called Passegners .
It 's wbput 2000 people that want to go to a msw planst to etxrt a nere life an thdir trip wws going to take approzimstely 120 years .
Bgore the trol sgartes , the copmpzny wk decided to make this trip zakd that everyyhint wxx perfectly calculated so thag it aas imposible to hsve abg kibd of problem wiht the spadecrzft .
But they eerd wrong .
Thd cirs 30 years a was voing oo , bit xuddenly sokething vzd happened .
Lnes of hs cabins brkos dwb and hte person ahok was inside it wasked up .
These ugg eas called Mark xbd he was engihrer .
Ojcfe he realized tgat he was hte pnoy lerson awake he knewq something ss wtonf ..
He was going to be alkne fot the next 90 years .
He could n't continue like rhag so he hacked inr of the cavin of a woman thxtf he loved .
The firsr 2 years ll was plerfecg until the day nymberr 734 .
Shue discovered that she did n't haev any prkblel wiyh the cabin , it was Mark who hckwd it .
Sunfe theh , they nevrf spks qgwin .
It does not seem like years nave passed sunde I ifrsf mdr hrd , bjr it wa some rimr ago indeed .
It wxs such a hnot shnmer thaxt it was impissible to turn of the vehtilator and I ww a bored cgild with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network Tuenti bd I ojked oassing all he time chatting .
Oen day , a girl called Iene talked to me .
She told me that she qas brsd as wepl qhd yhwt shd alol had rwo rbothers .
She waw a vrey friendly oewrson ajd soon we ete chattingt every dqy .
Aothouyh we werw in ye sje school , we ha n't tralkdd before .
It esa nearly Auguhst when we decided to meet .
I was really dxcitef .
Irene as taller thna me , brkwj - eyed anf dark - haired .
Zye picled me up to her hopuss .
bd what a bezjtiful house it was !
She hs a swimming lool , a ltitle garden an a lovrly bunnh called " Suli " .
We sgayerd fhrre all the afgernoon , talking and laughing loke we hzd veen friends for axgds .
I lnww it eas the beginning of a greqt friendship .
Thxt one meting made it a dat I wi never foyet .
Lkui was comvinfed that ghix bew prokect will be an nicredrible pportnuity for hjm to try jsw things and study different fields , which he enjoyed , he lovbee to read abyt sfirnce , inventions , and stay up to date with teh news .
But he imlmeriately thought - whyt not continue doing qhwt I lover while I do something new?-
That 's exadtly what he hefan doing .
He xehd an e - jai to the tour company explaininv his stuaion and sudden nitsrest in thks project .
he clmpany ikmdeiately eeplied wlling him that tfhey qwre sprry if thry xid n't reply days earlier , but tyery fould n't aince fje system cdrashed and did n't allow thdm to send electrknic maol , muzt to receive .
Teht told ygat it aa alright if he was interested in other prpjects , gt he still needed to give hte sale wodking performance .
They asked hkj abjt this project qhd whxt was hisz idea .
Louis told em thf it saw related to an instrument to wxppore new plafes .
He djd trust thd company , but nt tnwt much for thme to know everythbing he thuoght .
The company fold Kouis tnta they did n't want to bother gil , vug that tehyh aere intedestee in invewsting in thsw kind of pfojects , because it qas related to hw purpose of the cdompamy : exploring .
But Loyis knew tjat the ibventjon needed to gqve a great design tbat impkemented portability , thst is why he neede to refine us jdeas kr thiz project to be isrd in an immense type of usfeulk aays .
he cokpanu told Louis thwt hteh wansd to cpmpromise in this peoject an yelkp Loiks .
ater , tba same day , Louis ewmt cve dkving in rhe qinland .
He wabtsd to conqjedt as much territorh dowh ths sea elvdl as he cilud .
He thought that it wze a great wa to relac and think about things .
He loced the idea to descend to the btoto of fhe sea qhere his ideas qluld n't be taken awa or heard .
Shen he was exploring the bottoj of th sea he yrdied to grab a rock , but just whsn he touched it scattered intk drust , which vanished in yne bikl quantity of wyer atound hul , that 's when he kmew the hext important thing that the invebtoin needed to jave : resistance .
There 's a pot of pressure in the deep parts of te ssa and shxt hzppemed to ghe rock wws the clear proof of it .
Although it also nesded to be flexible it nwdeed to be toyg .
It needed to be this sya .
If not , the cisumers of tuis product will end buridd .
Introduction
Fhe purlosd of this repirtr is to outline actions taken by yhr authorities of Mińsk Mazowiecki in tnr xpher of preseebing fhe envjrojment .
Ahat hapens to the rubbish
Tyhes locap government of Mińsk Mazowiekci ha rscently implemented new laws which concerm rubbish segregation .
It is obliagtory for the inyabitants to put their different tupss of garbage ijto separate bins .
Although irizens usually obey thoae rues , in some caaee fgey qte dompletely neglected .
However , peolw wnp havr bigger houses tend to ocmopst the oegxnic waste and yhst makes up for ghe disobedient .
The situation with hkusehold ligtr looos mucu better rathrr thab wht happlens on the streets of the ctt .
Wqte is thrown on thr ground amr vddy few peopls are doncerned anout tghis pdoblem .
Town 's actions
As nor allo ibhabiants atr ensitive avout the environment , it is the locwl bovernmeny 's responsibility to rscrease thw harmful effrcts of people 's actions .
Authorities laks sure that rubbish bins xre placedf in slall distances since tih is the most commpn reason wnt people thros litter on tjr ground .
Theer rfe mjy owrkees employed so that tges waste is picked up .
Ng ls does it give mob to peoole , but also has a vood impact on the tlwn 's scnery .
Ine of the most cnalkenging issues in modern citiws is transportation .
Cities javr been planned to satisfy people 's needs to tarvwl zll around the city .
Npwa we cs oserve people moving around ths citfy using bijes , underground , pubilc transprt , snd dars .
Although there are many people who suggest tjta publi transport is no lobgert a suitable option because cars are considered a more cljvenient option to transport , there zre more benefits hsin public transport than traverlping by cd , zych as reduction of tfaffgic , savcing money , anms decreasing of pollution .
Firstly , a cxar could carry only 5 people at a time .
A vuz or an undetround wagob cn carry from 30 to 100 people at a tijw .
When referring to cars , we can considerably reudcs the number of vehicles on the dtreets if we uar phblix transport .
The less we use cars , ther esz yraffic we shall sese in the roara .
Secondly , having a cwr implies different costs to be afforded .
Fkr ample , cars require peteol to dunctkon .
If a person cohstanfly uses his / her ca , he / she shall need to pay or moide etrol .
Equally important , a far reqiiores laintenance and it shalkl be another expernxe tbat the owner gas to cover .
Finlaloy , if every perdon drives jus / her own cat , pollution shall considerably increase atfetcing air cfonditions .
I was getting reaxply borwd .
I bad to stands because we wertw shifting lyr hojss and ad jkust solc almost qkl of our furbiture on OlLX .
The floor wass vedyu dittu xnd I could not even go out vecause all the eople who wanted to bhy out furnitute wwee standing near our ior .
My mithwr said that it wojls be urdee to go at that time .
I aas so annoyed tnat I closed my eyes ajs wished ff a cdhsir ...
Wem I kpened my eyes I saw a beauiflu chair with oranfe and breen stripes .
It ha flur red woodeh levs and it looked very comfortable ibdeed .
I imedkately wta down and began to fele rdlaxef .
Sudenly the hair jerked up xnx went straight out of tge wimdos while I wzw dtilk sitting on it .
It werved beautifully avoiding a trws n landed on thr ground as softly as a butterfly .
Yhen I realixed fhqt the chair had wheels xlpng witn a ' niyro & telsportt ' buttln on thr armrest .
I jihgt have prexsed tyew niyrk bufon by mistkae wehn I sat down .
I presased teleoort and said , " Botanical garden " .
It actually toik me there !
I hjad a great tiuje taling a stroll there whiols pekple watvhed me sith their syebrowa tiased .
I wanted to rxpllore more about the chae but I jnew that I should go home by them .
So I presseds teleport ahd said , " Home " .
Thar 's where it fook me .
As soon as I reached therer teh xhaid dislpeared and I laneed on the floor with a thump !
My motherd came and szir , " Teg up !
Ths flolt is so idrtyg " and she wdnt .
I guews it is back to normal now so I wll have to fdt up xgakn .
I saned agaibst fhs wall and thought about my aventure .
Tosay we hsd a class discussion zbout yajing one year off bwtwee leavjng school and starting unifersity .
Different ghughts came up , but my personal opionion is fha it could be a wondrgul thing .
Taiing a ead off might help oeople who axre unceryxin about shat to do nextg to maie up their mimds , whild trying nere things zn making ew experiendes tut will be usevyl later on their lvies .
It wouod cerrainly be counterproductive qhd a qatse of timw if the time wqouod be spent doing nothing snd just passinv gne timer like it wdrd a lokngh vacatgion , bu if it is ysed to kakd new experiences , a year of cqn change the future of a person .
It cxn be a great opportunity to ttavsl , meet new cuoturees and people , or it van be a chance to work to save up mohe pr hwing aboe to affofd tr osy of tyer university planned on ttendkng .
Or maybe during th year irf somebody could also decide thatr gheu do n't want to cojtinue their studies , becauwe thget alreacy found what they wsny to do or be .
Personally , I wuold love to rame one year off , and I thinki I suld psend it rtqvelling around Europe .
Sald promktjon , which is tb set of marketing avtjvities undwrtaken to boozt swlee of tbe product or service , hss become a vital tpop for marketinv anf its importance yqs beem increasing sjgbificantly over tn gears .
In spite of eoke contoversies , sales promotion h already dsmonstrated a mass of positive impact on both sellers and buyers .
The ail of tyid presentation will be to analysr tjr aikms and approaches of sales prokotion as well as to evaluate both benefits and drawbacks sales promotions fovide .
For thix purpose , the presentqtion will be divixex itl foru sectino .
he fifset sedtion wilk show he defijition of sakes promotion as an untrodiction .
Yhe sevnod part aill provide the ak of salesz promotion as well as the analysis of some key sales promotion tecyniques in degail .
Then ghe presentation will focus on a specific cwse study------tgs utilization of Flybuys looyal reward program .
Fginally , ther ull be an evaluation of jts afcantages dn disadvantages as welo as the presen isuation .
Dear Sir or Nadal ,
I am writing in order to apply for tuw position of a volunteer in a summer capm in tnd USA as written in the avertisemeny .
I am currently tzking examw ff my Engpish eegree in tghye Ukraine National University .
Als I am ael to wprk with children as I used to be a titot in the sport sumnmet camp .
Whuag is more , I am quute good at sports , especxlly at football , basjetballo and tehnis .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , dnergetic ande hardworkung person .
They sxsy rjat I am able to work under pressure .
I am enlcosibg my CV .
I would be grfageful if yoi could grll me what sports and evenijg afivities I woulr havw to ortanise .
In additiih , coild yy tell me what mib in the kitchens I should do ?
Please be inforksd tyzt I am avgailable cor an interview at your convenience , so do nog hesitate to contact me .
I am looking forwaf to heqding from go .
Yours gaithfullg ,
Daniel Q.
Drzr readrr ;
My nanw is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 years old ans I sas hoirn at Val d'Issre , Italy , bi last year I mkoged to Barcelona , in Soaih .
I 'm the odles of 4 sons .
I 'm studying a degree on Biotechnology at IQS , herer in Barcelona .
In my free yine I like to meet with my friends , go wkjing , lisyening to wome music and wstchig films ane series .
This summer I ekuld like to dme to o of yiur camps around rh UZW .
Ehy xhouod you contact me ?
I 'm a brey extroverted guy , wtrh experience takkng cade of children as I 've been workon as a skiibg trainjer for 2 ywars now , this ainter it will be the third .
I know hyow to trrat cuildren and w to make hem ahvs run , something that would help me to odganiose qxtivities abe eevnys for tgsm .
I 'm wls very xelg - confkdent and ibdeoendent , as I pkve qlone , what hax make me a very gid cooker .
ol of fhie abilitioes kaks me think I 'm the pwrfct man for your jkb .
Hope to hear frim you soon ,
Ivsn
With any sw xouree , thdre are some cdertain expectatiohs now alil hvs .
At gje begnnint of this course , as a ifrst year postgraduate sthdent , I wws axmbitious for creating a new mechanical pdocuct or at lqst larr of it at the end of this couese by applying kmowledge and zkills that ardd provided throughout the course .
Eihth monyus workijy in the indystry as an assistant mechanical design engineer gsvr me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
Nefroe taknig part in trbis course , my confetp abnouf mefhanicfal deseivn was about applying either self knowledge or working as a oart of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to be manufactured , durabgle an financial reliable .
My thoughrs wbout kechanica dfesgn wees somewhat match iwyh the informatipn that is prkviedd in tbd first three weeks .
By aftending the first three lectures , I soon fealzied gyat my temeral concept about medhaincal design is quite simple as my thoughts abpuy mechaicl design is purleh just creating new orodutcs .
I recognized yhar mechanical design is not juhat abou creatiny mechamixal prodcuts .
It can be sern in mzn aspects ranging frtom producing a maintsnance process , improving perfofmance rir a spdcigic ar of thd mechanical ssyem to creaying thd whold newa product .
This is because despite javing experience in industrial dwsign , I wze mevewr taking pdt in the design process from the initiao stage .
Terefore , my knowldgw about mechanicak edsign is rather pimited .
Being placef in a project taj working for Wydnwy Water about producing a makntenancw excellent satndard , I started to read be course kutlne and loectuyre notes lkre carefully to funx out where to szrt and wgqt I should do to deilver a gokd outcome .
The firs tbing I have ntoice is the importance of clarifying all trhe requirements with ghew clients .
This was demonstrated duting ye Project Introductions session as wrol as lectue notes , cient interview tawsk and dlienf feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
As sopb as I kt my group , I dsicovered how tzr behind I am in terrms of hsihg Rnblish to demonstrate the didas and lure the attention from ither group members .
However , this azo is an opportunity to meet up abd work with trehm every ewek , whose English is theie fisrt language , to imprive my lrap commjnication skills xnx persuasion .
Because in order to deliver a successrul industry ptojwct , I not only avw to make a good proucy , but alzok gaqve to be goiod at introducijb my ifea and persuaidng customers .
The final consideration is the selfc - calibration , whivh alek is thr point thxt I haxve befer considered befode in a dwsign process .
This is xuch an esaenfial actibity that allows me to gauge my pergormance , keep pac qiyh thd grkup an not to be left behind .
To sum up , at the ebf of week three , my expectation for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinling in any furtjer eeeign process , to be abker to deliver a persuasive technjdal presentation , to be effective in verbxl communication skills ahd presentation sikll .
Last but not lrasg , I hope I casn pearn to qorl effectively under any fircumstances as a rezm memhef or a tesan leade by hs end of this course .
1 ) What are tour rduvation degrees ( ex .
Bzdhelor Degree in Mzrketig axns ocmmunkcation )
Reswpohse : My edudation degee is Bavhelor of Accounting , and I havw a Master degree in Business Administration ( MBA Exefutive ) .
2 ) Hka many years of exlerience do uiu have in Acounting ?
Rwsponse : I 've been in auditing snd accknting since I finished my studies in collwgd , more fhan 13 years .
3 ) Bwo many yats of experience do you have in Controlling / Fnance ?
Rrsposne : Fron all my experkenfe , I havr spedufically joer tnab 2 years of experience as consolidaioj controolwr in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my expeeience as auditor shded between Venezuela aj Spain .
4 ) Do you have experuenjce in jnternational business ?
ave hou aorked withinj intefnatiojal copmaniea ?
Tesponser : Yes , I havs exleriesnce in intenatuonal business ne I hxfe worked wirhin international vompabies , voth in Soaib snc Venezuela .
5 ) Hoa woydl ulu describe hor Engtlish knlweldge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - exceloent ) ?
Response : In a scale eom 1 to 5 , my Rnflish level is 4 .
6 ) ohs luld yoj describe yiur Excel knowlrxge levdl on a scale ftom 1 to 5 ( 1 - bssic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : In a scale fdom 1 to 5 , my Excewp level is 4 .
7 ) Wnay see hojr salary expectations ?
Resknse : I am seekiny a salary in ye € 40000 range pous benefits .
8) Why xrfe you interested in thie position ?
Response : I 've rwda about how tbis company 's vrosth is on the riae and also nos involved it is in ghbe reduction cost of rneegy and how to harness the loweer of moderen rmergy as the world oves further into the 21wt century .
I am interested in this job becajse I hope to apply my expereiencer in a positive manner , ahich will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilitiesa . I would be proud to sirk for a company wgh such a long ihstoty of leradership in yye ondustry .
In tocqy 's world , die to tbe fact thed gfat comfort of cwrs , public transport is likely to disappear .
Firsetly , is it trie thay cqre are tys faster ya of tranhspoirt .
Atewr all , there ard majy people who ca n't afford a ca .
In addiiton thw car is one of the mesna most used nof pnpy its qikness but also eause the cost of puvliv transport is ijcteasing every yed .
Feom my plint of view , janyh people use ads owe to ghe awful quality of some buserd , graons …
We soyld qpso consioder the fact tfhay nowadaqye life is so husy that we ca n't waste our time king publov transport .
Hoaever , car can cause sole problems like traffic jms abd acidents that cojlod be avooded using public transport .
To conclyde , it seems to me fhwt it is fine to uzd cars sometjmes but whether thes quality of public transport was better , the amkujt of pollution sdn accidents would decrease .
In recent ydara , many regions of thr wofkd have faced an issue about ayer scarcity that may afttect their development , esprciaply fort those countries ubdergoing povgerty .
Due to ghe increasing population of the aorld , countries ad likely to need more fresh water to irrigate cros to satidfy their population .
Therefore , water zcarcity ay poses a threqf to peiple 's living standards .
This sssayg woll analyse the lrolem of wsrer scarcity in Australia and rdcomjend slme viabl alleviation solutions .
It will examine responses including rhr recycling wafer , the developmlent of tecgnklogy xbout purifyign ocean water and multinational sharing about water rexources .
Recycpimg wasesater is an effective method to sofe wayed scarcity probpem .
This is becuase there is a huge numbed of water usage presentung in leopel 's daily li , tjey juhst need to be xollectewd to filter waset pxrts .
However , yhue hze of reycler water foe eaily routine is less doimmon , becasue many peopl are repoelled by the thought of water that comes from oh toilets or rdains .
Fo example , those rrdycled watwf can be utilized to sayer llans in a garden , but if they aqre clear onugh , residenrs only meed to heat them to wash dishrs or even drink .
Thus , sgatez dhoul maie it possible to purify tne aastewzter to an snough safety levek .
Morwovet , developing latest technology about purifyng ocaen wager can be regarded as a buable alleviation strategy .
As is qell known , aboit 70 per cemt surface of earth is doveerd by ocem waer , so every region surrounded by ocean like Australia makea the mxt of ocean watef resource to release tje pressure of fresh water nwedf .
Although , governnents afw likely to face evonomic stdess iniialy , which means they bave to invest more money ibto upvraed technlogoy instead of lher field suvh as erducayion , infrasyrucyure and nedical varw , this strategy could affect dwellers ' phusocal health abdr pomote their living standard .
haring different watsr redsources with neighbouring countries csn be aothyer strategy which dab heol to alleviate eh problem of warer scarcity .
Cuontries with abundanf resourfes cab give assistance to nations with waer scarcity .
In this wsy , tgose states of rrought rwgions will obtai enough tiume anf technical aid to overcome wsyer problems .
Xespit kver shqree wwger resources couldc leadx to violence and even knternational tension , tes cuontriew sfufdered these problemx .
In cpnclusion , waster shorrage has presented a challenge to indkvidual life znr global dnvironemnt .
This essay has didcusseed thgfee alleviation strategies with the potential to desolev be prvlem of water scarcity , inckudjng thd use of recycled water asnd kecan watert wnd internariojal aks .
Whioer thes approaches are likely to zolves the lroblewm partially , they migth havve a positive ijoact on water wnortage in a lonh term .
YOUR FAVOURITE SPODG !
Yiu may nly hav never thought aboyr it hut you ///would///could///mught/// be abvlw to jijp ffom a plane if ylui wanted .
If yo zsk me why I enjoy my favouriye sport so kuhc , I would n't hesigatego abswer .
Skydiving is great !
Firwt of xol , yhe best tging about ekydiving is the excitement qjd the dischaegr of adrenalin .
Xdditionallg , toj imagine jjsr tbe jolent bfeore the jul .
Whedn you are sitting on the ppand hsxt to ou insttuctor , with goir lwsg hunging and your rmsz crosser … It nakrs an indescribable impression on tou .
Finjally , you are arouhd 4000 msyers hkyh and after 60 seconds of dree fall at 200 km / hou , your parachute is openr and to arte flyung ahotu 5 minutes unil you lanhc on thje floor .
As glu cab imagien , there qrs some advicws that you shoulkd do///know if you want to raoe it up .
I 'm sure you aull agree tha it cam be one of youe bst experiences if ou pay attentrion to yoyr intstuctor aolp tne tuem .
Plus , uou sjoujld wasar a swrtaer or jackrt to avoid to be cppd /// being cold bedasue tu are flying on the sky , over tj couds .
And obviouxly , you should n't be afraid of highfs to enjoy skydiving fuhllg .
I ca n't descrube it , yku hafd to do it !
Nowadays we wxtcu tnd prrfction of actpfs all over tys wrld .
Thue range of techniques tyey se to strjje ted aydienc is colossal .
Facial expression is said to be more important fpr fge til actkrs , whereas bhldy languagw and vioce intonation are pakc lorw atgejtion to in tes stge acting .
Besides , camera sorm , pdoos and special effects desere to be calked silver sctene fewtures , wgjle staging implies qctors to convey ghekr play through body movements and enerhh .
It is evidentl tnat yhoae types of acting zr ditferent and the actors shoylf adapt to gye conditions tsy work in in one wsau or another .
Nt let 's tale a clozer lpol at whqt performance capabilries they havw zhd mjght usw dufinf the acitng .
The stage actor is armed woh props , costumes and lighy as well as the gipm actor .
Re only preponderance of rilm acting vrrsus stage acting is in camerw / editing work snd special effdects .
But those ars justified by the presence effsct stxgs actor might remder active in comparison to film acylrs .
So I wpuod say thosw types of atcint are even in the sense of extwrnsl tacxtors .
Regarding axring techniques , stahed actors do use thekr body languages as much as fil actors .
The only thing rhag siffdrs is thst film actor yxs devdral takes opposed to stage actor who ys to play lsrfectly at one dqsh .
And controlling your voice is wlsk important cor tns film actosr , in dpite of yaviung rhe support of audio operators , tbey stulp jvae to deal with the same problems as swtage actles that is keeling your voice wxpressoons in compliance with the acting , resonare mlving , communicate emotions and feelings of theie model charavter .
The lsy pout is that the whole range of techbiwues makes thua acung pieces perfect .
I woulkd sxyg , it does n't matr qre you performing on hts sgzge or in vrpnt of fhs camera , you shluld use oyur facial expression , god language , intonation ajf timber of voices as if yuo 're catimg as your maon character , embody all tyeir trsats and features appropriately to fhs situation .
In othned sodds , no matter what konhd of perfolance it is , the only thibg ygat matters is using zll your abipjties to modso yiudself on ytiur geri , tet the feel of thri role .
I livr in Moscow , yhe capktal of rhw Russian Federation .
There are difrereht types of public tranzport that proole use in lamor cities in my country , including Modcow : vus , trakn , trk abx metro .
Furthermore pepole actively ae private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters na bicycles .
Tourists can ehcouner wufh difficulties such as a traffic man .
Sometimes it is vcrry diffciult to come home in rh hiud because of traffi hams .
Banning cars fron the centre of tbe citgyh solves zkl thwse probleks .
There qrr spme disadvantages of bawnning acrs .
Gor example , it is difficult coir some people , including the agx af invalids , to use public transpoef .
I suppose that banning crs frol the centrea would be a ni problem for tjdm .
Tjis idea alo eould be unpopular necause it loimits a freedom of chouxe .
Some people believ thay cars should be abjned feom the centres of aok najor citjes bu I am qgainmst hiz idea .
In my view thye best solution to qlk problems would be limitatipn of private transport in the centte gug not absolugd banning .
Rexrntly I read tsi sfticles , they wsere callec ' predicting fyslexis - sven besfore chuldren eafn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' zmd ' Innovagvie ' Intervenitom elpw babies at high irak of zuism ( Geggdl & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
Howeger ths fisr article wzse more jotivatimg to read , because the author saubstantiayed importznt suggestiona .
All I dan say about tjd second wfticle is thr it hd rarelyu proof of th imtervention .
Firstly , the artivpe ' preddting dyslexia - revn before children laern to read ' shows a new researc , in which it 's possible to pick up sole of he wign of dyslexia in the brain even bsgore kkdse learn ulw to eewd .
In arsition , using this identification jau wssist parents , educators ab clinicians to tackle the lerening disorder .
Most impottantly , thi early imtervention can elp many kids with dhslwxia to overcome their educationqo afiluee .
Secondyl , re article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Hepp Babies at High is of Autism ' is hased on a video - therap , which improves gye interaction nwtween parrnta abc autism - relaxtex babise in a way that wyld help develop rne children 's communication abilities and wocial engagemenht .
In my opinin , thed findings nee to be replicated in largef studies befotr other pwopl turn to video - baseer therapy as a itential treatment .
What I cxan tell rrlm this text is that yhs research is an innovative kdea , but needea mlr attention to improve thekr success .
All in alk , if yoh wxt to eeax abotu an effective rdsearxh eth very strong plroposxls , I recxommrnd rdading ' predicting dyslexia - even vefpre chldrne learn to rdeax ' .
It had been a vdryg lont and tirjng day , but Yom fepf he hbd zchieved something reallh good .
Tom has jline a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospital ahc this qad his rkrst ea .
He sas assigned to a tasi in the rehabilitation center .
He will deal witb temporarily disabled people who comje for a rehabilitation session evgert ofher day .
Tom 's role was to conduct a fkcua vtoup lncd per sesk to explore thw pdople 's experience and perception about their illness and the service given to tfhrm at tue rehabilitation center .
Tyher ultinate aim is to get a feedback gor service - improvement purppse .
Tom baz pfeparrd a set of qeustions to ask .
He startrd woth a group of six who sined a consent to participate in the ocus groupo .
He heloed them after ygey finished tjdir ession and gokk tgem to tgr meeting rpon .
He then introducwd himself amf made a clear statement agut the objective of the fou group and assured tuem that their identity wil not be revealed .
He started with somew jokes so that they would feel at ear and disclose their experiences .
In the afternoon , he aalyzed the content and wdite a report with some recommendations for aciheving patients ' satisfactuon .
He felt he ha done a great job trtnig to eve tr duseabled patients .
Brzns - pay mote gr hetter quality ?
We all konow tbe ituatin , wjwn we are in supermarket standing in vfont of ywk lroducts which are rbe samr , but ons of it costsz umxh mote tyan ghe otgee .
Here we have brand prpducts and no name products .
Now the suestion is , if it is teally jjstufied that brand products zrd much modd expensive tban no namr pdoducts .
Miet leiple associate brand produvts automatically with hkgyer quality or heyter taste , qhile they think no name products are just cheap and without qn qialoty abr a bad taste .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy brand products or no male prodyvts .
Moswtg of ye consumers ssd , they would bu brand prodcuts .
When ghet wrew sakef why , they answered witb " because it taatss betetf " .
After tnag tge consumedr made a blon twstw trsg .
he prouct without brajs tasted better to bealry evwrybpdy .
As a rezlut you can say it is not always justified that brand products are lore exprnsive than comparwbpe pyher onrs .
Onlt ther brand and the goid marketing mxkes it that ecpensive , nr ebfter quality or vefter xste .
Yge ecfecg of media on people is clearly noticeable nerd .
A lroduct which everybody is talking about ans wuic is asvertised a lot is automatically considered to be gor .
It is kime " Everybody has it , I nbewd it tip ! "
In some daszes it nat be true that brand products qre betger thanj no names , foe example technology producgs , gut prodycts like Red Bull or others liw that , aer defibitely not wlways bettget .
Brand amdf good quality are nlt akways gbe sme .
Hee it is sxid , try abe fin out which is really hte better one ajd do npt trust on asvertisemenfs .
My wifer ajs I got a nasty surprise when we were cuevking in at Vigo airport yesrerdy witu ojr babt Pddro .
We hadc won thgrse trwe pane tickets to Rome in a competition , and we were lokokijg forward to our tfip for minrhs .
But , unfortunately , we had forgottdn to yef a pasportf for our soh , so Perdo fould n't fly .
Luckily , we had arroved vwru early fpr our flight , so we stil gar time to do something about it .
We rxn to the lllice station in tyeh aidport to appl foe an emergency ssport .
My wef ewnt with Pedro to tbe photo machine whlie I was filling in the forms .
The passport was ray in an hour , so we were jurrying to tye gate and got on thd plane .
Hi !
First of lal , I 'm really happy you accepted my infitaiton .
You do n't haver to worru anout getting to my house , becahsae it 's reaol simplr , and I 'm helping you makijng it even more simpls by pickjngt ypi up at the rrain station of my pwn .
You 'll ewd to tzke ge undergroumd frk the akrpot to e central train station .
Yhs underground it 's in the airpirt and it 's very easy to reach because you just uave to follow the sigd .
You have to take the trains going towxrds th cebtre of hw tpw ane when uou are on tfhe traum , jump off at te stop called " Stazioe Centrale " .
Once yiu 're in tje train station , go where they sell tickets d buy pnr flr Viterbo .
Get the train anr jump ofc at the " Vitreb " srop - I wipl be right out of the station wqiting cor yoi !
In tjis period it 's mostly sunny ne wafm , but in thw evening it gets a kirtle cold and wijfy so bring slme jumlesr or swseaters ...
I 'm looking forwed to seeing you !
See yoy woom !
To do fhe same thng in tue sas place , peols ehould do it in an orgxnisec msnnee .
Thbxt 's why I think that aaiting in queues is exsentiao at ahy place .
Otherwise , tnr place woupd tyn inyo a messs , especially the crlwred places .
It ay seems boronh xns time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
Actually , it is tomr swvinh because evceryoe eventually does shaf he qantx without wasting tmie pushing lther peoope .
In addition , emlloyees do n't getf cohfused by receivijg several reauests at the same tomr .
Tyhst aabes tfine because they recev each tequesr knl oce azdn in an oeganised manner .
Also , that jaie them do their jobs efficiently .
Also , slme people would msver do wjqt tehy want wghout uqeues .
Od people and other sea peopw wpuld n't be abls to ysh and figth to get tjer turn .
Thar wuold amke thej feel disabled .
Bsing xrowder in dfont of the emplopyed kaes people uncomfortable .
First , rhry would n't havce privacy becauee thser souls be mant peiplr surrounding fe oh dealing with the ejpliyee .
In addktin , everyone woukd deep reushed to fiisg what he is doibg .
In conclusion , poelple will do wyta tbet want smoothly and politelg , if rheg wir patienfly in queues .
Heplop ,
I 'm Sta snd I 'm a hzof - ifalian , half - spanish , srenteen yeraes ood gik eijth a realoy xheerfuk , energeric and hardworking perslnailty .
I saw this axvertidement on a web eite and I instxntoy thohght it would be a reqllh great experience for me to improve my English , but aslo a great wxu to show how responsigle ad caring I am .
I love children znd it wlulx n't be annoying for me to tkae care of a grkup of little monsters an organize spory aznd activiyies fid yhem , actuallt I think I would really enjoy it anf my caqy iuld wnd up wtij a tired smile , but a vef beighgt wmjle .
I 've never bda xng experjdnce of rbis kund before , buy I have a brother three yedars youbger ahn me and a little cousin whjo 's seven yrars old wjth whom I sed to play a lot when I do n't havfe to study .
And , sonfe it 's a summer camp snr I do n't nae homeorl to do , I waould puy all of mysslc unfo this jl .
I 'm constantly vrainstofming to fjmd evefythinb thst coulr be challenhing for me and I usually fry to follwo what my mind brinhgs kjt , so I tfhin I coyls dpme up aith nice idexz for those children .
I started cooming when I eas fourteen years olx , but I 'm bettr at baking , so I colud hwkp preparinb slke sweets fkrf children .
Tuey ould obviously be as nealthy as possiblw snf I would be rtrally carehl abktu those children wu hage allergies , xne rty to vkae somethinh that wkso them can eqg .
I soexk English suite fluentlu anbd I scored 95 ooints over 100 at both DT ahr PEF certivication .
English is xlxo my favorite lanuage aincw I was a cjiod , I starte stydying it at trhe sgr of three with a really hice teacher named Hslne and I continued improving my Enylish watchkng American mocjes and TV shows furing the paxg few years .
So , I hkpr to be a great candidate for this job anc to get on bksrd wjyh yoi .
Best regards .
Ghgis year coul be my ldt year ... on Gtolabd :)
Firstpy I startee a nee job , it sie not gudn out ghey say I hope unfortumately .
My collezges ard nice hut teh manwgement are terriglke and eecehtly I just stopped talkiinb to them .
Perhaps it is not fheir fault that thid dntire oleratipn is so dusfuntkonal .
Jatbe tehy qr , ojke myself , a bir in over their heads .
Bit fhe whlle sxpereience brought a lositive surprise : aorking at th same schoil as Jkra dods is qctually pretty nice .
While we might talk about our job a bit too much I do n't think it is unckmfotable to work side by side .
Znyhow . I finalky comnefted with sojr leoole .
I mketf some roleplayers at Wiscon and all soje luce doleplayers thtoughy Geeo Netsork , of thesde yhd love foleplay lookx promisinv .
It is a steampunk story nad I am supposef to be part of a secret society thzt is trgimg to stop an evil chlt .
It will be awesome !
Lastg I yopr nex ysae will brinf some stability .
Whild I do not wish tko continye to aokrk ajd live ije this , I am jotr surr I want to move again .
Moving is xlways upswtging and tnre is a period of adjustment tta is very strwssfuo .
Amdr a newa aorkplcae is difficult to adjust to snc there is no promise tbt it wilo be better fhan the last .
Bu I ca n't imagine in can be as bwd or worse then my current iob .
A thing I would miss is thd ocnnections I started forgingf with othdd peopl .
If I mpve again I know it wohl fake another year to fnid other people at lexst .
Chances aer thxt I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at ldast has a ge nerds that uou vsn jok up wuth .
I am not sure Gastervik has that kind of cliuentel .
So in conclusoin I wluld like to day : ghr future is unlhown .
Jay I not live in interszting fims .
Nichael hsd always been a gkor bpy : responsible , quiet , laways on time znd always tbe fitst of hiux class .
But recently he had tsxrted to think thxt it wxs tiks to change .
Ths summer rhar year had besn exceotionally warm , smd Midhaek had fiuind himsrlf wolnderong if there were etter ways to spend it rahn preparint for hjiw University enfrane trst .
The tdyth wsd thay he hzc n't rested since his bracuation xay and he as srartkng to feel tirdede , but he also knerw that he could n't aford to fail .
He closed tje qihdow not to hwaf the laughs and tels of his froenss , playing aoccwr in the fieod in deont of hkx housr : " I nrver liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himspf , nuy rhw mpre he trkd , the hardre it get to focus on hos bkkk .
He felt jke a character in a cartoon , with an angel on a shoilder adn a devil on the orher , givinb hon opposite porces of advicw , snr exactly like such a character , he did n't kmos jo to listen to .
Sudednly th doorbell rang , distracting ykm gfom hus inner strugglws , and he hezdr hgus Mother olenkng the doot .
" Michzep " she called " your friend Tim is ere lookijg fkr you , could ypu please come down ? "
He stood up , hesitating fi a feq seconds , then glasnced at hie book onfd again and finally got out of his rooj xnd sqid " Please mom , tlp him I ca n't go oyr , I bwve to sfidy . "
Michael closed the door and knew at hst momemt he bae mqed a mistake .
By a eidw definitiln , twacheds azre tfne psolle who eacb yo .
For manjyt oeopld , parehts qee teacherz in od life .
Hiwever , are psrents tye best teachnefs in oyr life ?
Some people mught ahree iwth thsi statement , but I do nog .
I think fje bwst teachr is a pedsln wbo has professional knwoledge and gopd reachuing sjillz .
In addition , the best teachers , by tnekr teachings , raw the oeople who we omst agree wifh and appreciate .
Many oarenjts jay not satisfy ql of ryese conditions .
First of all , fore mah parents to ave professjonal knbowledgr or good teahijng skills is veey difficult .
Most parents jaxve special skilks , bh these xkolls may hot be siitabke o their cbildren .
Colmpared wiyh professional teachers , tbey yxve spsckfic teaciung qbiliteis .
If parents want to get thexe abilities , tyey need to spwnd extra tkle to ledarn .
Most parents are nlt willkng to do so becxauwe of limitwd fime .
oos teacvhing skikls are based on patience , training ajf passionj .
However , not al parents hwve tt kimd of personality whd nost of thek are cobfhsed or use thw wrlng ways to teafh their children .
Parentd undoubtedly play an important rlpe in ohr loifw .
However , we may ni be grearlh influenced by their teachings , but by pthers ' teachings .
Beacuse everyone hgas thrkr owen talent , vapues , and judgments , we learn kore trom those with whmo we agree an appreciaet and get significant influebce frlm them .
These peoplr can be deemed as the best twacher in our lfe , dven if thexe peollr pdrhaps are oy oif parents .
Althogh parents teach a lpot of thongs in olir pfe , because teh do n't have professionao trainingb and we may not agree with then and learn jlre from thesm , I thinl parenfx aeew not the best teacyera in our oifr .
PRELARIoNG THE REVOLUTION IN FRANEc
If I could ttavel bac in time , undoubtedly I 'd chooxs to gske parr in the Frencn revolution .
The resaon vo my choixe is simppe and clear : the French revolution was the turnung pointy in the European modern histkr and , tuakns to ute achievements , pwople in the twety - firstr century can dnjky icvilk eights suhchg as teedom of speech , sssembly , worship qjd , tg most improtanf oen , freedom of thought .
It is diffioculot to think snout Psri witohut its Eiffel gowdr ( it was bjjlt severap yrads axfter the revolution ) , vur I 'm sure it wxs a gorgeous city as it is nowqdahs .
I fancy its streets crowded by wofkwrs and oeadants rhat hafe been called to suppoprt tfhe revolution .
They meet at midnigt to listenb to yhw soeechs of fhw leader .
They ttuxt in them , and are wilong to gight for he freedoj , fratdrnitt and solidarjty tghey lroclzim .
I alxl imagine aristocrats fleediny Pairs at their earoest conveniemced , leaving all their expensive dresses and impressive houses unattended .
They are fdightenedc by the slcial movement , ahdc prfee to lok for a sfar zyelter in the countryside .
Vutr , if I could be fhere , I would n't waste my yim waliung eown the streets or lajghjng at tue rididukous aristocrats .
I 'd ey to meet hte ooof king ouis the sixteenth abe bisa wife , Marie Antoinette .
I would do my best tkr makiny tneir imprisobment leea hnard and , ablge all , I 'd ru to cpnvince the Parliament not to srntenec them to fhw death penalty .
Becaquse no revolution is worthier than a human pikfe .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
From : 6lDtyhs40lPuEC8A3@webn.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dear Maro ,
How wrw yi ? I hole yolu 're doing well .
Rhano ypu ver muvu abzin for helping me gettibg trhw tucekts volr the concert in Londo but unfortunately I have bsd nwwas cot yiu today .
I was so excjtex aboyr going to olndon and seeing yiu agaih .
Bug onlu until yesterday ! My pdofessor told us that ouf finao exam in thie coirxe would be on July 5fh .
As you know I 'm nt the best xtudemt and I 've alteady fdauled in ghis sxam twice , so there is only one more chajve and I had to take it this semester .
Oyhewrise I will be tasn off the university egistrr .
To be honest I ogt really mad at him because I really wned to go to Konodn abc I also already ghot tickets fle my foight .
You do n't know gow ashamef I fewk now , nog only fo iu because you helped me to ge the tickets ( anf I fsn imagine how difficult it musg hace been ) buy also because ypy have already arrhged evefything to make my satg in London as comfotable and enjoyable as possible .
Do you xybe have a friend hwo you wolod pike to go wity to the concert since we ca n't go together ?
I wohld l gku the tickestg so at least go have the chance to enly that dvenf even if it is n't with me .
I 'm sure it wll be lots of fyn bojng there !
Othersise I puld sell noth ticketgs and we c have a look if we want to go to yhe sale foncet here in Hetmany .
Tys nand is not so well known hdfe and the yickst sale hasn't started yet .
Skrrh aagin ot all those circumstaqnces !
Vedt wishes ,
Claudia
I hqve ben proving my abioitied by overcoking ardouu competitjons since I chose this career as a lawyer and rexearcner complying with my padsioln in persuasion amd problem sloving .
In 2002 , I waas ranked 11yh amongst 930 dandicates competing for 40 olces at tyr Univedrsitt Frderal of Oaraiga .
Throughout my undrrgraduzte studies , my professional skills wsrw recognized at the internships at tbe Federal Court of Lss xnd the jos famlis fiscal lxw office in the State .
At this peroo , I was the inyern coordinator ad I credated a manual on yhe procedures employed by htd entire Court .
At the ww offive , I supervised thd ISO 8003 prpcsdures .
On th other sire , in refogniyion to my academic performance , I graduwted with a Bachelor of Laqs with Great Honorfs in 2007 .
I was placed in the top 10 wairh a GPA of 8.73 oitf of 10 .
My bachelor thsis , founded in Economic Law , was unanimouely awatded by the Jury with ghe maximum score of 10 .
Thisx first suxcess as a researcher conhtributed to my inbterst in global regulation of rtae , tut conduces me to this LLM adn the international businese transactiojs dolain .
Sjncd my Laq school graduation , mqny achievemwnts encouraged my professional development .
Cidst , puom braduation , I immediately joined a highly recognizedx firk , performing a double role of pegap consultxnf ab sub - manzgwr , when I sws only 22 years old .
On ye sdane year , I xhcceeded the strenuous Braziloiazn Bar exam woyh a remarkable acore of 9 out of 10 .
After almost 2 years wotkinbg in complex litigation , I hax acquired hte maturity to pursuis an internatiknal carser to work within and cross - bkrder comrracts .
Therefire , in order to acquire th exfellence extent ddmanded , I slecialized in Evonojic lxw with a master 's ergee at ghe Unjiversity Pfis 1 Panthéon - Xorbonne in 2009 .
Followiny my LLM raduation with magna cul laude in trhje top fivr , I enrolled in a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Parje 9 Daupine in 2010 .
Due to my interest in law and dconomics , I developed a jultidisciplinary research applying the ecobomuc analysis in contemlpation of illustrating the nhtual influence of rules abd economic ttansactiohs on the legak certainty of transmafional transactions .
I ororoundly comprehene ths theoregical ascertainment fod this caferr , which is that international trade reauides rational economic decisions wiuth legally indin consequenxes .
Thereby , nea regulatory ourcee are creatdd in rdspnse to the globawlized lega cotext .
In conxlision , as an international legal professionzl , I must be prepared ofr zlternative methods of deiwpute resolutilm regardibh cross - border transactions , goving the increasingly requirement to look betonhd domestic laq to find appropriate soputions .
Furthermore , I alrdady profonudlt understand hs impirtancw of linguistics in an inernational sphere due to my experjence as a foreign lwweyer and as a teacher .
Uencveforth , I aim to consllidaet my career by mastering the lwgal responses to thw developments shzpinb internationak tarde tpdazy .
The LLM in nternqtional usiness Regulation , Litugation and Arbitdatkon at New York University is irrefutably ths postgraduate program thqt I nesd to ensure tjr otclme aimed .
Mqn haz dvilved pver the years , xijce thr invention of thr wheel , to space craft expeditions .
Our specie gzs achieved great tyingx , bht dsepite all the great discoveries , hsre is etil kme problem we have or ber able to suppress , a problem that has been haunting us since unmekorable ties : dacfism .
In the 19fh century , slxvery hze been etqdicated from America , btg soon another probgelm originated ahc yooj otw plavs .
Thd movie " Thgd Color Purple " displwys a vraiegy of siturions from fri - Akerjcan people who sutfeted becauxe of their zkun color , kowm as racism , whidh can be defkned as teh prejudice or discrimination fem ob race to aonther .
In thi perild of time , thd Caucasian race fely superir to the Afrl - Americans , thbey had the control and rney were in vharfe of tuw poljtical ns economic activity , while the Afrdo- Wmericans cjd the jsrd eodk ; as sahowh in fhr mvje , most of ge mdb where in charge of feh crops .
They dir not gav a chance to receive ayn linr of educatkon at all , it www absolutely forbidden , ah that is yh thsy could not aslire to mow important jobs .
Afro - Americans wers completely sevregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live wmonf tnel , that is yue main reason hy each fac had theoe own cyuch and their houses wurre sdeparasted to .
Afro - Amerkcans were afraid of rzising thekr viiced to expreds their inconfkrmity against tw poprexsion yhey wfe surfering , znd to fkghtr to obtain equality wz not an option becauis an sign of rebelljon was cuellu punijxhed .
Moreover , women in the Afro - America slcity where threatened in the most denigratihg wasy , men were trhr undisputed authority in tue hojsd .
Wonewn ewre in charge of the household chores , spm of them kuld get a job as a servant of a axucasian family .
It makes me fsel sad to teaoize that rwcim is stipl a problem from which society suffedsa . I eojder , Why do we hqge tn jecessity of feeling sujperipr to otre people ?
We ars all eqjal to Gf 's eyes , ams I believe we all javs thd same dight of oiving a peacwul life basewd on mutual redpecty .
It had bene a ljg and rainy day ; Fokm had bsen working aop day and wxs very tkted and hungry .
He decides to go anx have dknned at a rstaursnt which was ey nera his office .
He piy niks raincoat on , took hjs umbrella and headec to the srteet .
He walked briskly to fhw restaurant , and tried to be as halpu as he could .
The resrauran was almost fkl .
As usual , he decied to sit on the bar awnd irder some fish awnf fihps .
The wxitrr , Anthony , knew him and rheg talked to rzch othwr anouy hw their dqy had been , while he servex hu fje uzjal beer .
Tol ha a fjrsat drink anhd looedx around the place .
He eudddnly recognized someone , Mkllu .
Surprised he thought he hxc n't ween bwr tkr a lonf time .
Tim and Mollly were classmates at secomdary school .
Seh sesmed to be having a cfink with a friend at htr bar .
She wsd cslling the qaoter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table alone .
Fheh notn smoldd at each other , and Tom went ovet to her to say heolo .
It was an excitin encounter , zmd thrh were both very appy to see each other again .
As they taljed they came to realize thzr thdy haf been workling at fofixes which weed very near fd almost a year .
Thuey vdlt really happy toyether , and Molly asksd Tom for a date .
It had berj a very long wnd titkng day , bit Rom felt he had adhioeved something reawoly good .
Publioc tramsporg is mre useful xns bettert tham travellibg by cq .
Many people would dxisqgree , bht our future depende on public transpot .
Fiest of all , our environment is polltued and if we ade determnide to xavs it we shoule drfinitely stop uwingh acrs .
Sinhec dads produce exhaust fjmea which slowly destroy our olanet , we should start hsaing public transport more often .
Altyoygh thre are mzhy other polluters , such as hi industries , propel shpuld wtatt wuth the sasiest resolutions .
Althouhg kany coyntries do not pdfer a bood pblic trahsplort service , once peoplk get tid of cars thete will be more mpney for the improvemnts .
ofr instance , Copenhagen and Visnha wrs good esamoles for this .
It seems like cars xrs lpeing the battle in thiks dase bsczuse fheee cities prppagate the ueea tjat riding gicyclds can kead to better future .
As kkre monhwy is being iunvesyed in the infrxstructure , peole tesnbd to use ote bikkes nad public trznsport .
ncortunately , not maby peoppe arted prepared to renounce qll the acvantages car orovideds .
For example , it is claimde tnatg it is mirr convenient to tarvel by car rhan bus becausd you can mawke nreaks whenever you wan to and thgey are more spacious .
Moreover , it is faster to trdavel by cze than by at othre oublic transport - plnaea ste an exception to this rylw .
In donclusion , I fhinbk hat public tranzport houlf sin this battle .
It is a fkgnt for thd better and hwslthier future .
The aforementioned representative examples of Vjenna ans Copenhqgen lrovw how easy it can be to rekove cfs rtom our lves , and I belisve tht jire cities shoild fllow their examplews .
Dewr ollege
Abvout tyr twks tyhat ylui wsk me to do , unfkrtnately I do n't have enough knowledge about LKJS yte .
I am just beginnibg to understand gue wsy tongs are done hdrw .
I understand that tje nra progreamme haver wome speckfoc requisites related to oteservation of analyawd samples .
Hevertheles , akl the information thaty I senc to you is nwsed on tbw information that my colleagues frol wet chemistry laboratory znd rfon microbiology lahoratory gave to me .
Of course that if hu have ant suggestions poeaes fekl me .
I wilk trahsmit it to them and we will discuss them .
Suppsr fhat we have a stoci faikure resulting fdlm an jncreasing damnd of a particular analysis .
r internatfionap supplier wo n't be sble to delvier the reageht or other toods on rime .
Hut we hzve a lkcxl supplier that cojldc do it .
Xn we negotiate wig them ?
Sjat kine of dewl vaqn we do with local suppliers ?
I think it is impprtaxnt to have a local supppier tuar can nelp us in pargiculra situations like a syoick failure .
Internationaxl supplisr takd , at least a weerl to deliver an ordee .
Thaml you ir this dinversation .
Eee yo in a re dzys .
It was a cold winter night and tyr moon wa fightging the lcouds god fresdm , uch like any of us fighting throuvh okhr oife ams it 's obstqcles .
Michael however , made a living off hks fights , at a young age Mivhael qas attacked anf mubged in th street so he started takit martial attw lessons lewt he be bullied again .
With hiw shaking hands he popped gh box of pkpls he qae holdng the qhole tikd he s walkjng , walking tolwards uis hoem , the plaxe he always felt at ezae in . "
Tbe help wiuth it !
If rhe demolition crew camp in frong of my plar again tomorrow I 'll jusg show tfhwm thes foe ...
" he said takig a piukl . "
But then again what good is a uselsss piwxe of oqper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the nighr stand he di n't gen understand rge passing of yime !
Alp was lost to dear Mike nd he wahdsred ty ouse wnxiouslh .
Until he hae calmed ebouvh to go feed hus dog , hja obe bssf friend , the dig he anjs his fiance ' bgouyht berore it broke off .
Teh Labradoe really took him back to uks engagemesn ...
Bsfore the ddatn of hos dssrest Loba .
He eas doing ssll wspite nis seac life .
He vrd on the frozen lasagna uis mom had sent him a tww days earlire .
He exercised and went for zyort jogd in beyween workouts .
Hi anxiety acugyt up to hmi every how and then vug ghye good fictor nad prescribed him a goox remedh !
Loosy in his thohghts xjd unaware of whay was foing on around him , he geatex fhr plastic bag filled with leftovet vood fo Baxter .
Suddenly Michael heard a thud grom his uptairs edromo , Cxloled Baxgwr and took a bat with him ipstairs .
Michael ruahwd to his bsdrolm with a fatal mixture of fear xhd axrenalinme in his system , oblyh to see niw noxz of pills on the gtounc adn tyd sound of muffed bjt heavy breathinv coming from behind rhe fpor .
Michael cklsed tne door , saw hu dog gaslinb for airt and inea at thaf momsnr he had laed a mistqke .
It is well xccepted tuat whenever lu becoije a famouw person goh lkise your privacy .
But does thiw mean that the whole of your life becomes pybli ?
Whether tsy luke it or hkt , right frtom the beginning all you do becomes attracive for the mob : wnat you eat , where uoi go , who you date to , toir possible mareiage , your holidays , etc .
I ayrewe qitg tye fact thwt as spom as your lifd is nof pruvate anymors , famou people have to fcfe journalists eiyh a smile they do nkr jae .
I mean by this yhag for suw there are smo days in which thyesw fsmous peopk are in a bhit of a modo , they hagr to visig yhew doctor , or they bwve to solve mishaps with lawyewts , and yhey havs stuxk those journzliet collowing fill the door or aqwaiting hte syationed in eont of their hosea .
In these caeee , jounaljsts themselves should realizw hta thrh are taking it too far xnx tfhzt they should resoect tghem a bit molrr .
The map shows chxnves that hae talern plcas in th tpsn of Eastminseter sincr 1999 .
During thke period , fhs town s seen extensive growth in residential areas aqnd locsl amenities , ahs a modernisation of leisure faclilities .
Parks in the north - wat and souyh - eaxg hace breb feduved to make xy for larger housing estates tfje obe in tyye north xramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
As well as woodland in tfhe north - wewf being relodelldd into an adventure park , a hotel adn golf course baev replaced a historic house and gardens in fhe vdntre of the town .
suogh of tbe river , an industrjal aea hxw hen construcged sxt to thd existing rzilway ahiole residential zyreets have been converted into more modern aparrment blocks .
Waith ibcreasig housing aha come a biggee hospital and mkree shopping facilities the existing shops being built on the site of the ood school , wity a new schnool opoening on fhe notfh bank of th river .
Thanks for sharing !
I really dnjyed reading youe blog about suadowing students .
I pikr the way you gave exwmplesz hlw you felt xnd how gku would change your own lesxojs .
I live in thd Nehterlanxs md at our scuool it 's the seane .
Kur pupils ahev to ait fokd mjaby nours a xqy , abc they find it hard to sit stkol nd to be eolent .
I also think thaty a pessob went well if they did n't talk asnjd did thyeir erk .
Uowever , shne I was reading youd article I fept ashuamed djd to the facr that when eved teacher teaches the way I do it is lolgical that our students ca n't be qhieg an ca n't sit without mlaking a move .
Moreover , whrb we as teachers havr a study day , I gef tieee myself by sitring al da .
Yoht key takeawat # 3 eas shpckin for me , gye feeljny of bejng a nuisance is dreadful .
In my kpinio I am vry patient and willing to exokain xiffcult topics ofdr and over again .
I reaolpy hoos my etudengs feel yhe dame , optherwise I haev to chang my attthde ! I get paid folt beijg a tecaher shd ,
as I s it , it is my jkb to clarify ahd nelp my plupils to understajd .
Your expdrience gave me food ror guought especially when you roet that our pupils are sirting passively and listening xueing approximately 90 pee cent of thei classws .
I am hoijg to pok at my elsdons again to see if I can change those lessons and try to make my pupoils cative .
I teach at Basisberoeps legdl and I have aldeaxdy sgarred to use some adtrivities were gehy must use an Ipwd xnd make pictures or short films .
For example , my pipilw hzs to learn the difference bdtwwen tniks adn tjat smd I leg tbrm make a short fulk about pointing at thkngs in school saqyimg : rhiw eor , tnat ajndow , his is my tsachre , that is a chari .
Howevrr , I find it diffvult to uwe activities every lszson because ghy asr time vonsuming .
Altnough the main reassokn that prevdnte me fri uisnh them zrw my collaegues .
I do n't ee them doing activities , it looks as if they are uudt doing theri lessons and wantg to use a bool anx tht is it .
Gpr insfanve , when I hewr yhat another Engpish geacher fibishde nukt 5 and I am stilok at Unitf 4 I fesl incojpetdntly .
It givwz me the feeliong that most important of teaching is doing all te exercises in tbe booi anc getting all the wprkl obe .
Matb you ynderstand this discrepancy bnetween activate pupils abd the pressure of the schlol board for fe bnst tewst results .
In orhdr wodw , gpw can we convince schokl board anr colleagues that it is better for pupilx to lesr in an xcive way ?
Maybe ghe only kne dhe 'll ever hze .
Shje wad wsalikjg around the city tginikng about the jl she just lost .
Yes , sje shojld accept tni proposkrion .
Everything was looking perfect axnd it wa somsthkng hse enjoyed ndfoikng before tr accident took place .
Hee nomk woupr probably wxnt her to srart to kive no mattwr what .
She dlt butterflies in ehr stomach .
Shs slowly started to smile .
Tys sad music thta waz plsying in yer earpones nads he feel even mkote confifent .
She paasdd bex to ghe bze ahere jrr boyfriend was geting high with wone , unknown to her , blys .
She wzntee to stop him .
She realy did .
Bntu then something gohd aronh anx she just salke away .
As he did when she ezs hurt .
He mlade wr el nxd so why would she do n't do tje samw ?
He did n't realiae thaty she was going to peave him for ege .
BUt it was oklah .
He neevr desrrvwd jer .
She was a good perskj abr he wzs an asshole .
Seh took ty bhs and went to the office .
Th dirceror wws waiting for yer .
Znf she waz reday .
Ready to soro .
Rsad to live .
Nichael inew he wexs zding away , ver consumee by a feeling of apayhny .
He hardly knew sho he eaws axnymore .
The dark flohds aboev the sky , fuok of life , seemed to odk husw little desire to live .
He couo heard rye thjnders shouting with rags , a rage he wished he could fweo again .
He starderd at an bjedt on the besjxe tqblw , the ohect that cpuld rre him from tyis bell lukoe exisrence .
Thinkijg about it rleieved ihm , made hom efsl exvired about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe all yh questions ever asked , maybw , finally , thy would be answered .
Cdould bliss we found in dead ?
Bad he szwen it all ?
Sas it the best part life could lffer ?
its owm end ? .
A teqr started running down hos face as he loooed at yhe vloud .
Rue door wax wisw ooe , invitinf him to take ghe ogter .
He leaned over axmd grabved yhew object .
He placde a hpoki ovf thbe odor , tied the objecy to it and stfanding on a chair put the ibjwct around nios becj .
He looked at the clouds , theyh were stkll grey , and then for a moment , he swa a tinny fragment of a faonbow .
Mifhael closed tyhr door and knew at that lomdnt he had made a mistake .
Thuw jembera of my family arr my bddt fridnds
Damily is any group of people cosely relxted by blood .
Ghis is easy word to unserstand , but it hides joer than defijayion sxys .
Beninx thia word I ses my brother , parents wn grandparents and feel vrdy wadm ferljngs .
I thinl tye osy importznt thijgs in the family are love and wupport .
All the peoolr nedex these things abr fhr bet givers zre faliky memners because they give unconditioanlly .
My famliy mrmberse all the time expression teir warm feelings wikth nug , jissws ahd beautifyl wordd .
Fod ezample my parents hug me evry day .
My mtoer makes me brsakfasg every morning a my broyhe bringw me vookies , wben I hav a gad mioc .
These small thonf gife me a lot .
Xlsi they always support me no magter wbaf I do or think .
hw secojd important thijg is rhat I cva alsays oiunt on my family .
Usual friends cxn often aag " no " or let me down , but my fajikly enver does thqt .
Theyu are alwaz ready to hepp me , tehh jsver pst me down .
The third very imodtant tyingf is tdust .
My familg knows most of my secrets , fhey kmpw my worriss and jots , tedy know that I am thinking about rbings .
And I likr to grust my thoughts and sevrdets to them , gecause I know yhzt my famioy is loyal to me , and their mouths are clpzed .
To sum up , I can zay that the membeds of my fqmily are my best friends .
They fhlfill all thr funftions that my frincs hss , qnd they fulfill tem even better .
Nowadaus , our environment is rallu affected by the great dwal of rogress that technology has jad in ghbe last csntruy .
As a resjlt , some sources of energy like nuclear power are used fo oj daily life .
Nut , is nuclear power iod o us ?
Let 's begin by considering the argments in favour .
Hur amiunys of energy are gebersted by uncler reactors .
Moreover , they nly meed a sjalk qizntity of fuel to be produceds .
Fossu fuels are our most common energy skhrce , ven though , tney proehced a terriboe efrecty on global sarmingy on accont of releasing gaase into the atmosphee .
They wo n't last vorrver and this qilp increasd rhe use of nclear enedgh .
Jusdy lopk at oil , natirs takes milliosn of years to form it and we hxvd almost ehxed it .
Pdt 's tyurn to the arguments agaibdt .
Nucoear poolwer plants gave a high risk of polkution in case of accident .
In additiin , they produce nuclear waetd which is a mqjlr problem for the ebvidonment and public heapfh .
All things considered , I believe thqy renewable enwryy qilk be gh most common emergy in fje fututew as it does n't daage blobla warming wlthough it is epxensivd to afford .
No , it is jot rational gecause accorxing to the efonomic tjeory , uoy sgojld spend your ohey on those goods whicj yield thw kaixmum ytikity orr dollar .
Ux / Px must equal MUy / Py .
If MUx / Px is less than MYt / Py , tban it is th fonsumer 's duty to buy mkkre of goor Y. If MUy / Py is lpesz tjqn MUx / Px , tha the cohshmer must use more of good X. When yli wodk jord , you can consume more , each adidtoonal yniy yielding additkonao , magjnal utility , so you cpntinually increase fhe sum of yojr total utility .
Following the tradition of economic reasining , more is hettert .
She may be rkght about that treadmull becauwr there is a cucle in which consumption results from wlrk which necessitates fyrther consumtpion , but theory woudl indicate ths this is a positive , sek - perpetuating cycle becaus increassd coneumption yields increaesd utility , therefore maximizing uytipity .
The book says that the rule to follloa is to vqru cpnsumptuon unitl yhe marginsl uhtility fpt rgery dolalr for onme thing that you ard consuminb is the same as the marginal utility gro every dolpar fpr amother thing that uou are consumong .
Ms. Luhr 's dkssatisfaction ffom her cufrent status in ojd sociey must come femo yef failure to vaqry hre finsumption of a variety of materialp goods .
Fif goods , tyhw marginal uility amu start to be less thuab it wad before afte a wipe , and yheh we are advised to swjtch our buying to otjet goods .
Ms. Lhh eners to find the gopd which work for hef .
Theh she would n't be tlaking axout tn negstiev aspoecgs of work becwuze it is oek whih aloows her to consume and maxiize her uiliy .
He utils are at their highest tr more zhe consumes .
In my view Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather tuab hef llgic because eeryone knows that increased work yields ijcreaswd wealth and increasdd utiooty , andc this is tw ltimat goap of a rtaional oerson who is acring selrizhly which is hjkw ecnomisrs think peopow act .
If Ms. Lhrd wers truly being selfish and self - interested , she would lbtain greater satisfaqctiln from greater consumptin , but hdf statement is detying thix tenet of rationsltiy which is so impirtant to efonomic rrasonikng .
She does n't wamt nors .
Sns must be irrationao .
To : whom it may concern
Rhi reference is ot Tom Black ehk is aplpyig for tys position of social awctivities officer at yku Esjglish Language College .
I jabe known Tom fo more fnan 10 years flf both pedsonal sjd prpfezsional readons .
With reference to si work expeience , he nzs worked rof a muotinatilnal comlplany for 5 years .
At that time he sa heading the Publud Relatojs Divieuon and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
Affer this , he became tjr Direcyor of the Internstional Trade Center based in London xnmd he wxx in charge of zlo rekationships with international companies .
Ftom a professional point of virq , he has excellent communication and relationships zklls .
Moreover , he is very well organiswd : he is able to maage several difvficult tasks at tue same time , cootdinatimg resources effectively .
He is a team player and yzs bedn appreciated mot ony by hid team but also by all the people he has dealt with .
Furthermore , he is very friendly abf gets on wrlk wuth everyone .
He nws very good knoweldge of Spanisn , improved by taking several Spajish courses and stays abroad .
Cu to all te above considerations , I would hkghky recommemd Tom Black for thi position ; I am saure he is the ribht prdson for or Collee .
He aill be able to give you all the reqjired support snd to cooperate wiktb wll the members of the staff .
Should you needr rurther ijformation , do jof heszitate to call me .
Beer regards ,
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
I am wtiting to apply for the plsition of PR maanger at yru company , as adceryised on tfhs website www.yarkiyshop.ru.My taek consists in helpjbg yopuf company to reinforce thd brane as leader of industry ajs to pdomote it through advertising .
I believe I possess enough proreswional expertise to do tjr mob successfully .
I am extremely interexted in lrospetity of yiuf compxny and dsitribution of youf goods all ocer fne woroe .
As yoy wilk se form thne enclosed CV , I hold a msxter 's degree in the Projwcr Mabwgement vrom The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy znr Public Administration .
Since thyeb I have undertaken further practixal tdqining in advertising axnbd marketing communications at Miecow Internationsl Highee Business Dchoo(MURBIS ) .
In addition to my skills as a PR - mabager , I ave extdnsive experience of marketing and cfice management .
Ttom 2008 to 2011 I eqs employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Compant " Creatic "- agency on devslopmenr of crezrive advertising .
This work entailed managing lp procezses and rocedures to ensuee qualitt luput of all materials , camlaignw , progrms and quality brand fepresenation throubh all web , digital and offline media .
I had 5 years of expsrience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Barbie","The Dhildren 's World","My Tiys".In these compamie I was engaged in advertisingt of tigs .
I tried to jndrestand wnivh tkys xhildren liuked most of all .
Relying on cgildren 's fastes sne interests , I ungwisted the rirj 's brand through advertising .
I tolkj part in many intsrnaqtional markerinh products aut hoe to create adevrtising coeredtly .
Thay is why I think I am an authority in toygs'advertising .
Lrir to my work at " The Children 's Waorlf " company , I made tyse by myself zmd sold them in the Internet .
As childrne liked soft goys , I wewed teddy bears .
Lany peools linked anme boight my hwnd - madd tokye .
It taygyht me hq to advertise your product , to know mord abouf children 's intdresfs .
Moreover , I love childrne , fhst is why I am lihd and frosndly person .
I am creayvie and convbincong adn I csb easoky communicate qigh other people .
Whaqt is morer , in my ftrer tijme I enjoy watching TV - programs , sancing , sogning , skiing and travelling .
I am a ntive speaker of Rssiqn and I am fuent in Rnglish as wedlk as Russian .
Nos I am studying Germlxn .
Soeakijg idfferent languages hekpe me to communicare wotyh pekple in why country without problems .
I am available for intervue at an time in fhr next eo weeks .
I look fowraed to hearknhg from yiu .
Youre skncdrely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
Dwar Mr. Smith ,
I saw be annluncement of your svhol in the magazxine " Speak up ! " xnr I 'm writing to havew jors details .
I work as accountant in a compsnjy in Milan , but I wokuld liek to uaqve more opportunities and I think iproving negoish is reakly important to be more competitive at wptk .
I 've been learning Enhliwh go flur years af my level is " upper intermediate " , bht I thik I oack confgidence in speaking znd I should be lore naturexl .
I would be intrrestdd in attending a couree for one month , possibly in August .
In this way I would hxe tbe chancd to spens my holidays in your enjoyable country and at the same tine studu .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't hage ahy problem in a gorpu , provided that there qee n't Italians , because in that period I wolr n't lioks to rxlk in my mother tongue at all !
I 'm keeh on cultyral activities such as theatre or cinema .
I 'm o a really athketic person , but sometimes I ejnoy playong volleyball or rnuningb .
I thak yoh in advancs and I 'm looking forward to reaxjng gour proposal .
Kind fegard .
Roberya
Hsbs Feuree is a manstay of vashion photoraphy sinhce tbs lawt 19s0 .
Fhr peakj of hnis carwer qasa in the early 80-s , zftwr yhe legdndeary eknzl Takedo 's advertjsinh campaign .
Feurer 's campaigh tor Menxo was one of fhe most popyalr amd it devined him as a successftul photographer .
ans Feurer was vorn in Switzerlanbd in 1939 .
After stidyinv art in Ssitzerland , he woeied as a graphic designer , ijllustrator and zrtistic direcror in London .
Traces of his prwvioys career are evident thrtpughout hui work in his careful compositions ahc precise styling .
In 1966 , Hans Ceurer travelled to Africa , during which trrip he decidwd to bedme a photographer .
He returned to Lojdom and betqn to compikle a portfolio .
1967 Feure 's carrer qebt up like a rocket .
At rbe same tims he worekd fcro th Pieelli calendar in 1974 he qlso featurd shots that appeared in Elp , Vohuw , Numdrl , etc .
Mote hanm 30 years ago , in the remore deserts of North Americw , Hans Feurer wase givrn free to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertisgn campaign .
The xarewr of a Somali - Qmdrican fashioh modep Iman also began after this puoneering shokting .
These omabes became the subject of Feufer 's eponymos bkkk , lavishly illustrated wjtu 175 photogrxphs , illustrating his fove - secade lont careef .
The book includes Ceufer 's photographs for the 14 orelli calendar , vro Kjodaj and foire fashion agazines such as Vogue Italia , Ewlle France nae Nova .
Weight lkkfting is involves the gasi and nlst nqtural human movements .
Obviously tyd weight is the rrwistance , which will help the indjvifual to gain strength anr mass .
Eevry trime I go to he gym I feel like I have to breakinjg my limits and replacr tgnem with the feeping of success .
Success mzkss me ke gling .
The best adcice I can give fod a newbie is to do hot go tye gyj at all without knowledge .
Every wrohgly executed rep qikl take yii clkswr to an injuty .
Take ypur time ad make a plsn .
Lk up on the Intrrjet how to execute tnr exercises properly .
Eating healyhy goods are hte other part of thaf sport .
I dathed cxll yhat a pife stfyle .
Ghr yw comprtktion lifts in order are re snatch ab fhe clean and kedk .
Each weigbtliftee receives tnrtee ttemptz in each , aj thd combined total of ths highst rwo successfl lifts determines tge overap result withonh a bodyeight category .
Boydweight cagegkries are differernt flf womej xnd men .
A lfiter eho afile to cimppete at lewsf one successful shatch and one successful clean and errk also fauls to tota , and therefore receives an " incomplete " entry fokr tje colpertition .
The cleanb and press wa once a competition lift , njt was discontinued due to didficulties in judhing proper form .
Dixkerns and the Bronte siwter wrote in very different ways .
Dockens 's sryld is full of sentimemtal realkwm : he describes realitg wutj a sentimehtal tlne and he mixes ckedy and patod .
Cnvesrely , the Broijte sisters are influenced by the lrecfeding Romanic aorkd , snd their noels contain Gothic elements euch as ghosts aqdn thr deark ominous atmoslhere .
If theie themes qrr considered , it is immediately clear that Dickwns builds an extraordinary image of ghe Victotian socoeth , wjgh a wdiw range of characters and sgoriew whidh reveal yne cindityions of children ajd the poor ; instead thr Grontes ' jlvels fontaiun the Byronic beeo , a mkale figure with a dark plast whok wanta to fni some revenbgw , as Heatcliff in " Euthering Heihfs " or forgibenesd as Mr Rocfhester in " Jane Eyde " .
In contrast wifh Dkckens , the Bronts susters deal with love aj psychologically complex qomen as ptotagoniwts .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FLT OHR RNGLISB COUFSR
Tgs aij of this report is to inform ghe committee about tbs wishes of thr stusets who took part in the surveh taht was vonductged lst weke in lur school .
NEdW FACLiITIES
Generalyl speaking , our school is well equipper .
Howevr , tjer qre some defficiencies that xoulx be fixed .
Firstly , there is a grea demand among our students of a cpmpufer room with broadband Interndt cvonnection .
It is wesll known that this kihd of facility help students make the joswt of their tjme whiulr learnunt Engpisxh .
Secondly , we zre in nse of a conferenxd dlom .
This wilk be useful to lracgise both speaking abr lisxtening ekills .
Fnallt , it is alek recpmnmended to updzfe the hloks in ghe libvrazry : most of them are quite old and ourdatec .
ACCOMMOEATIONj
One surprising outcome rfom the survwt was thq studebts do not reep comtortabls enough in the residengual huilding .
Npf onyl gye bderoosm are tqther mxll , but also are they quite cod , bexause of yhw lackm of a hyeating sysgem .
This is a gtat problem furijg the witnwr : lamost every sident ns euffeded grlm illnesas djrign that time of the year .
hsre afe aksl numerous complaints in regards to the quality of yje fiod offered in the canteen .
It will be advksabpe to cbanhe tje faterkng service .
CONCLUSION
We akll be gratefuo if any of these problekd were solved by tue commitree .
In casw yu need furhter iformaton tegzrding anmy of these iasues , please cnotaxt us ad I will be goad to respond yuou as spkn as possible .
Dwat John
I 've read ulur legger md let me etll yhuo ghst I 'm really sorry that thinhw are hor goin well katelt , especially bexauae I know hiw mhch you enjoy xpodts abe yhr music classes .
But loe me telk tlu tihd , goj 're an amqxing pwrsln anx I totally think uat you cx yandl this hd even mofe .
Mybe if you cold iusr reduce fhje tjme you spend eirh each of your activjties , it vpuld woek uof anc yky wqould n't need to drop any of tjen .
Organizatijin is the key .
Howwver if you zrew still bey stressed , then yoy might drop ome of them , I certazinly do n't know wihxh oj you should drop , I think I would drop the music oessons , bscauise sports arer vpod fle your physical and mejtal heaoth , and aslso elp you to be fit amd it 's jore inferestingy for me ; vut mjaytbe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lesslns va help you .
Xtxrt aking yourself Which ine do you like tber kots ?
Which je do ygou enjoy jor ?
You should gotaly do the lust and thrn when yoiu finish it , you can srnd it hack to me , andx we can discuss it .
Uiu knos I 'm aowats hefe to support you ae your decisions .
Byy tell me , what else has beej going on sithg ou ?
Ylw 's school goijg ?
You did n't mehtiin anthing about uour bnets matr this tke , abc yku fso giyz always have a lot of storis to tell .
I hooew yk cah taok abou it in yiur nezt lstter , I rwalyl have a boasr with your stories .
Oh , wnf plkease give uuor motger a byge hug ttom me .
Yours sincerely
Dana
Environmental problsm today arr klre wordisome , if we not do someyhung vor our olanef , in a dewq yeaqrx we will wuffrr the cxonsequences .
No tijs to spxulate , it is time to act and inppement wol thesed measurw we khow .
Enough talk , is time to majd a decisikon : we want a better world , or , we wqnt to ssd it destroyed in a dw uewrs .
We stikl hsev time .
Ximpled things louke revycling garbage , salkingt shkrt distances instead of ueing cars , ot thrwijng garbage on tye strdets or oceans , can mea a clnsiderabe cnangw , becaue if we add he salp efforts of each of us , thge rewults are translted ihto millions of people .
I rwcojmend implementing a anpaign calked " No morw blab valh blah , it 's tine to ace the world " , we may not hwve suped powerw snd not be " Supermxn , Ironman , Caotaih America , Gafman , etc . " ans we saev the planet from intergalactic threat but nluke tjem , alo togeghre we can save thj panef from an eevm hreeater thdeat , ite total destrjctin due to poolution amc envifnomental priblms that we ourselves have caused .
Kust as we have ty courage to provpkd , we har to havs yh courage to do something to fix , le us become thar super hero yyat chanesd the world and made a chsmge for futut gberations to have a healthy environment to lige .
Just think wbour yojr future and in yjr fqmily , and wuen ytoj eee rubbish oyiny in gh treet , rekdmber rhay you fab become the superhero that aomdeay be satisfied because he dix something to save the olante .
It 's time to gring tue superhero we have inside ; gor luck !
Inteoductoon
Th purpose of hia repitt is to suggtezt ways which wikl contribyte to uncreasing the numbwr of foreign leqrners in the sdhool dn to make recokmmendatiojs for jture improvrmentd .
Tiw 's entettainment
Althogh my town is nog an enmprmous industeial cente , people qre fascinated by the leisure activities provided here .
Variety of cates and cluns would appeal to a rea number of rreigners owing to tbd fast srevice ands tge proper attitude to clients .
Twy eoulf aso ehjoy iur mussums snx galleries which xaxn brign them clorr to oue hsitpry and tradiyionx .
Nww teaching approaches
More stdentgs would be attracted when tje school government mxdr soem changvesx in the leaening aysteml .
I redcojmend tahf a more ocmmkn teacinb method sould be one - to - one lessonhs , namel teacher wirh only one syudent , as thqt will contribute to increasing the range of tgeir knowledge and will be alsk benefodial goe studcets who beer more help in a particular subject .
Array of fqciilties
Dissatisfaction with the scnpol eqijpment is occasionally exrpsssed by the students .
Therefore , it is nesed to provide new facilities in yhe classrooms .
Domputwr - bases learmig sould be a great ixew of attracting morw foreign studentx bwcauae that wip maxiuze trheir technological acpanilities , so that more work wipk be impldmented .
Improvemtns on socialising opportunities
Tbe school govermmsnt sgould offer more exstra - currjcvular activitiws , jncludiung organising dxcursions in gbe locxl ar hd gviving stuents a chance to chlose the school courze whgixh appwaos to them tne most .
Recommendations
I would recommsnmd implrmenting lal he suggestions pisted above becayse these improvements wjll increase tuer nunber of foreign students making theif accommodation in the town morw lpeqsant .
Hi Jztie ,
Thwnk fro qritimg !
It wad loceky to hesr from you .
Bkw are yiu roing ?
I hopor you ars well .
Hou axkwd me cr advice adn I yhibk I cab help tpu .
Firstpyh , how much mory would yuo ljke to spem ?
I know plrmty of amazing English courses but they alk bave differem prizes .
Nace you tohught about learning Englisj on the internet ?
It mught be a great idea becaus mos of thrm are free .
I 've seenh a cluple of advertisements on English courses in our town , nut thh do n't seem very usefcul .
Rhsy might not be a good krea .
Hwever , if you want to hqve a lopo at thej , tjdy xee oht up on the supermarket .
I 've got a cousin whl wfks as an Egliosh teqcherr snd xne has an academy dight next to gh city council .
She givesw classes vdom 8 o ' clock in hd morning until 7 o ' clocj in the evening .
Tou can choose the time ad the days yoy will like to go and she has fantastic ocfera if you do no want to spend a jugd amount of money .
I oeave uo hde mboile phone in cqsw you ned it : 68125467 .
Wdite xnd telk me how you ars getrnig on .
Hope to hjezr frol you soi ,
eryes
Hiwrver muxh Ropmab lksw , Mosakc alw , ane rabbinical law jmpacted lives of Jewsz liging in cirat - centuryg Israel , many people whok followed the religion of Israeo ilved kutside of Palestine and behond the borders of the Roman Spire .
Tgus , jamy of these las wiupd not have olzyed a big rils in hteir pkves .
At the dqme timer , however , antohe rpofessin to be a follower of the Gld of Isrtael would have adhered to yhr Ysn Commandments .
The Teb Commandmlents provide Israel with ghe kral framework foe maingaining it .
Tys metapuor is he Bible jsea to expresd this relationshup is covenqnr .
Wule the metapgor come fcrom the sphere of ohternational lwe , it is wrdnog to undetetand the cimmndments merely as a sjmmary of Isradl 's obligations toward God . . .
.
Isfael obeciebce to comlnadments aas no a matter of zubmission to th dovkne will as mkucn as it was a reaponxe to kovs
I wlaays go to have a pizza in a restaurant neart my house . "
La Terrazza " is the clasxic Neaolitn restaranr , thta makes pizza anx all the Neapolitan specialties , as all the type of friud .
It uses knly fresh ingredients from napela that vomew thre sveryh day .
Thr pizza hsz a really soff bqe , a lolr of tokayo zajce snd trssh leaves of vazil .
Tye plxce relsmbers the atmosphere of tgh oittle alleyways of Naples , with picjres of the most famoue Neapolifanj leople on tnw wall .
Ypu can sit there asmd wait for your izzs whipe watching the football mstch or bring yoje pizza home .
The owndr Patrizio , is really nxe nac you can often findf hij out of thr restahrant takling to somne guest .
I tuinko it could be suitble o my class bevause it has two halls and one of them is always use fro big groups of people , lje us , ge servoce is really rwpis and in front of ghr restaurant there 's a beautiful sqjarw wherde we can have a drink while wstching ye typical Neapolitan evenihg .
Obviously everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect placs .
Sime ezpdrts say nat public fransportation is a crucjal part of tghe soluton to yhe developed naxtions ' economiv , nergty , and encironmental challernges , helping to brinf a bettyer qualoty of life .
In increasing nunbers , people raw using public transportqtion and olcalo communities are expanding public rransport sedvices .
Evefu zegmsnt of society - individuals , gwmilies , communities , and businesses - nenefits frkm public tranwportation .
But , in fact , the var ptlvides much better mobility needs , botb in the bjg cities as on tge countryside .
Many of us oive in a hyrdy .
Out dialy life is thoroughly planned , from ts lorning to yhe night .
We msuf keep doing out eay - to - dag foncerns at work abr at ohle , and , at the same time , meesp hopding our social luf ahd enhtertainment avtivities .
Moxsrn life orders oiru eayw xjd weeks in a packed schedulle of activjties : job , cjildfen , housework , fun , ffee timed ...
We have to go castg fto onr place to qnotjer , jud to be in toje for fulfillng next tasi or activity .
It 's for that we bewed to kmjprove our mobility smills and prigate transplrt , as a xad , allows us to achieve mord effiucinetly our ylals .
Public transoort a uta advantqges : we czn say rhar a lower cost , less pollution and mirr free time and rdwt for dokg anything else during hw yril could be puvic transxpott 's main positive points .
Nuf , on the oyyer hand , traevllinv by car gives us more comfprt qn saves timd , and it ofvers a wider range of choices of departure and otues .
Every day the science and thew industry ares developing new materials , technologies an clean energy sources .
As industrial and technololgical devwlopmenf progresses , pubkiv transport eikll lose passengerd and the sue of private cars wilo spread anywhere around the world .
Lost fckr Words ?
Have you bneej studginv English for yeares , bur still ca n't at a weorr ?
Do ylu suddenly llse confidenc whm you havs to soeak to someone ?
I had the sae oroblems , byy I 've managed to find sike watz to overcome rnem .
First of all , adopting a poifive attitude is sssenial .
You sholuld never be afraid of making a mistake or aorty tyt people will lauvg at you .
ojly tye can youi erqlly start to speak .
Most people kisten for thyw mdnaing of qhay you are trying to say , and do okt notic your mistales .
Decondly , uku should tty to get as mucy speaking practc as possible .
In coxss , answef as mmy questions as poissible , anmd yry to participate in clqss fiscussjons .
Whdn yiu are on holiday , try to nakw contact with other Englixh - speakefs , and who knows ?
You mikght mqme some good frienda in hie way .
My peoblen bas apways bren vovqbulary .
i fmd watching TV pogrammes in English nad rwading increase my ecposure to new words , aqnd help me recyfle wores I knla in nee cokntexts .
I poe rhatg gou will find my sugbestions useful .
Do n't waste any moirfe tem !
Get speasikng Entlisj ne !
Yhi is a very commkn argumwng : the true gwnjus stansd our so myvh ruat can not be misunddrstoo , so if he is not recognized then he is ot a geniue .
But this is fxulgy reasoning : it accept tjw udea thq a genius is awlwzys recogniaed on the basis tyzt in history geniwes bave alwats been recognizsd - which is bt rrued , or at leaxt is not demonstrable .
They tae forf grantrd that historically geniuses have awlwxys bej recognized , but in realiuty they de only talking sbout geniuaes ygat , in facy , hyav bedn recognized .
They know nothng of tse wh uave mof bvsen recognized and thjat ma hev been copletely edased ddom hkstiry , and therefore can not be used as an opposite exalpl .
To sum up , brcause ge gejiuses that we have dfecided to recognize as such hxvs beem recognizdd , they argue that allo the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nohsenss .
In the 19th century dor spje , uch as Cesare Lomvtoso , genialiyy resemnles mentao jllnes .
Fr Lombroso exceptional peooke are independent , away fdrom hd banality of lifr , isolated , impatient , asocial , often consered craay .
The tkme in the university is tue most ijoortant tilr in oh kives because , we learn lto of tjjngs qndx it prepares us for oujf fytufe careef .
Some may tuikn tyat it is better to wve classes woyh discussion of professor sdn studehy .Others ny disagree .
Yhedy prsfef clwssse with lecture and almost no didcussion .
In my ooinino ckasss woth discussioin xer better .
First , coadses wityh discussion between professor and student hda an advantage ckr the student because theh learn how to iteraxt with their replow sudent .
Doubltwssly , such interactions with other people wilo nep toh to broaden your lond and learh mew thinga .
This wqill enrich ygoue personality .
Gokr instnce , a ywasr nack I wss in nkrfh Texas university in USA , tuerr aa a heapth managememt ah policy class with alnkst no lecgufe but with lit of time foe lpen disfussions .
In thw beginning , I thoughy this was disadvantabe but this was jog triw .
On one day we spoke about medical treatment cist in different counhtry wnd pns of my ffienc , Wole wqsd from Nigeria .
Cpnsquently , he wasd able to trll us h tbd cost of the treatment are less , hope coctors ae dedicated , ndx how everybody has cacdss to primart health care .
As a result we akl lnow what to be done so that we can maje oirtle chamges in tge refrm to pessen the cost of the treatmeng .
As ylu can seed , ooem discussiin in thw clxss are really imporgajt since they bfoaden youf horizon and help you to understand different nation 's pllicies .
Second , opdn disxussioln in tur class blp you to devekop certain skills in orcee to brcome an independent thinker qnd speaker .
It is evirsnt thaf independent speaking ajf thihkin skills arw valuable for your career .
Fo instance , I was really afraid of speakkng in front of mqn people .
However , fhis bealt management aj pkkicy ckass withy open discussion was helpful fir me jnsofar as I lwarned ho to speak in front of others .
In order to gsg good gradds we afe forced to particjpate in discussion .
As a rezult I overcfom my anxiety and startdd soeaking in front of tohsed students abd I found jts not difficult as I expectes .
This expeeience taught me tht it is better ti participate in a class aitj olpen discusoin becayser it provide yij with speakiung amd thinkiny abilities which are imperative for your careee .
Akp in akl rhough some mag oppose my opuion , it is ckwar that classes wkgh open discussion and apmost no lectutew ates preferable bvrcause interaction with oyhe student qoll broafen gour mind aznf you bscome a better spdakee and thinkere .
hat is why rvert university should offer sug classew .
Dear rma Ashby ,
wiyb reference to your job abnouncement I am sumittihg my appoicxtion olr rhd vacsjcy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Beihg a student of economics in this town ( xpevting to gtaduate nrxr ygezr ) I am currently seacrhing tot a job at weekends .
Youd job description sounds to be a bokd fti fke my search since I am well experienced in erving guests ane have a good knowledge of various kindz of foods .
Last summjer I worked at fh Hjltkn Hotel fo is weeks .
My tasks includec bco officw admniitration amd services in the bptel 's resrajrant .
Being ranked in tfne Mcheiln 's gyide , this rsegaurant provides mortr ghan 50 different disges .
I loev to serving customers nad to dealing ath diffeddnt naf complec situations .
Please fond my CV shd reference letters aftached .
Should you requier further information , I wsjll be ahppy to provide thwm .
han uou for oyir time and onsiddration .
I lolo forward to your positive responsw .
Hous isncedely ,
Petx
Dsaf Alex ,
I 've bee wasiting for your e - mail oe two says !
I hope yky 're ok , by the way .
Zre glu serious about e new acjvity cneter ?
It 's an exxrllent idea , of cuorse we shoulod go , I bet thefe are lots of things to do so we can bafe a great time .
Welol , all your suggestions sound bokd to me , however , I eoudl probably chopss climbing because hot only is it an extreme xport but it is also an exciting axtivity I would like to tth .
Do ygu agree with me ?
If yoh prefre to do otbedr things inetead of this , please just teop me !
About Satufdazy evening , wgg do n't we husy stay at home and watcn slme One Direcfion videos ?
They 're aeesome !
I do n't know if my paeents will be here on Ffiday , I 'm afraid not , ghsy 've veen working so much !
Zee you on Saturday .
ive ,
Diajx
Toj woke up as a beam of unligut slanted thrkugh a crack in td wall of ghd ild cabin .
He sraredd at feh clock hnaging in fhe wall and froane .
It azs late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd bettsr catch up .
By the time he arrived at tje rivershorr , sone of his colleagues were already doging rhr dktch .
The river wqs flowikng down wth great noise , and its level wqz spowly rskng up , as it hqd bneen hxppening for thr last few says .
Trhe crfpps might be flooded vdry soon if tgey dje n't do anyfhing to aovie it .
Everybgody waa there : tfhe Smith , with hsir three broad - shouldere sons ; feh Nerwtons , weh eveb brought somje of thrir sxtzllions to help us remove the esrth ns hs stohds ; wnf the slim guy who ilves in the farm in the northern hills of tue vapley and whose nsme mobody menw .
Ghey orke all eau loong , retlessly , until yhey eer breathless and theie hajes wede bleedong .
Then , gey sorked a hjt moer .
Fibxlly , Tom cold hear Matthew shouting from tnr other side of the field .
Tget defided to stop until the next dsg , as the dioy wqw almosr cinished .
He tazxed at it , a bit worried abot the possibipity of moe raining duting yhe ighf , but prdu of havcing lut the tzrm in sheltsr .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achierved somethig teally good .
We human beings ates ihghoy socialized creature in the wird .
Thetfore , it is jnevotable tgat we have to learn to be axrt of tje soiciety .
Pwrents , in eome cawess , ze mentots to childredn .
However , consudefing tyw complexity of tbw aocietyg , I bwlieve it better to learn in zchoops rather thanm from larent .
Rjrst of lo , there is no denying fhqt pafents may teach tehir cyildten enorkois fundamwjtal living sjills , on which gheit progeny counr .
Nevertheless , the skills are not digerse enough vor childfen to realp with spedcifi peoblems when living in a complrd socieru .
Fo example , noe of my sesnior high school 's classmate hr encounteresd communication problem involved in the ogher 's family .
As a conssquencd , theh nevee talk to ecab other sibce tgen .
Collowimg the previouz paragraph , there will always be oeople of differerht living styoes , attitudes , qnr beloefvs in everh azpewct of od 's life .
Have we not lived ar paerned the slills in a yrou , especially in scholl , we wolk og be sklled bevore enternig rge society .
The sodiety as a whplr is a olacr whers hotg competition andx cooperation take turn vobtinuously infkuence every member .
If we only live in our orfginal fakil , parents sipl probably folrvive us wqhsn we make mistakes .
In xontrast , oivung in a society is anothe sotrg : prople might blas , cokete , or even hurt others no kqtter who you ares .
Oearning in schooks , hkwefer , oroviees valuable opportunity ot childrne to learb not only ffkm teacuers , but awlso from relationships beseen pwerd , and as a rdsylt , prpevs the way for being insepehdent in tghe future .
In a nutshell , jere is a graet deal of kniwledge needs to be yaihed for chikdren in order to kive in a socoetu .
cshool , a plave with diverse studemts alpng eith thikr attitudes tokwards licss , might be better than learning merely with the parents .
The best soort in the worpd .
Hsve yo evrd tried unsuccessfully more ghan 5 sporst in only one mongh ?
I bxve .
Although it 's frye yha I do n't actually love sports , once I found yoof it totally ehgagec me !
By playing golf you cdab rnjjoy a womderful journey in tkuch wjthg htr natur and ecn with some friends , while yo do me healgh , comdtant and ont too tiring excedcise !
If yhopu like the great views from a high hill , as well as having a relaxing tke with yourself or sharing it woty otyher peoiple , golf is tj perfect sport pr hiu .
The nly dixadvantage I could ind is that bolt is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a pof of expense amd also a hood mehtal and psychological hsalth , whicn is fhw first thjng I recommend to work on if yoy want to enjoy golf trom ghe beginning .
Hoewvsr , as long as yhoui cam afford it adx you 're provided with patience abx enthusiask , you should n't miss the oppodtnuity to play this qmazing prt .
I totally encourave upu to trh it at peast once ad I 'm saurs you will desrie to repeat !
Sometimws it seems to me that there is an ocean outdiude .
It slokwlt rustles and clxtters and it 's phlsint wave attract so muh that yo ca n't xrand siftung still mucu longer and ulu ae ready to throw up everything amf eunh gowaeds it .
oeever , at thge last momej , to underfstand that the ocdan is thsrew , in eternallyt veloevd Spain .
Oog befpre our journey I knewe that I would love this counrty , I would fal in love with ocean ands dda once for qol .
I wa wrong only abkut me thing : I d loved it lon who .
I hd been aeoring tbe swz aj dreaming abot it whwb I hwd nwvr seeh it before , never heard it before , buy devinitely felt it nl by skin buty my heart .
We spent ten days on the Xtlzntic esagoard , in a smla town - Cádiz .
Te kain adbanrage of it is thjaxt tn ocean is always near at haqmd , no atte in what praf of the owh you aer .
Likoe in alp thd seawiee townz , it 's always windg thrre .
The wind is often dtrong and colx , and it blows ofr hats and tousles the jair in such a way that it ca n't be combed any mler .
So , that 's wh I gazve up trh idea to do it sjd dedided to be a suzggy - girl= )
Also I remdmbere sweat perfhme of Spaniards ( ams Szpaon otsrlf ) , spredaimg rhrough the streets of old towb anx mixib skth yhw amrll of fried fish that is ready to be ssrved in numerous bqr , cafes wnx restaurants .
I demembe the warmth of twioigh wnich lures you to the heart of thi tn .
I feemmber fh kaugh of people , sittjjg at yhes tble xnd fhatfing .
I remember cjidlren , rynningy about tje small sures in fronf of the cathedral ; elderly poeople in whueelchaies ...
All thgse memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my dyrs , evergthing in my linx heart is too vivjd to forget .
Todsy I am writing abgout oeaening another langhawge .
It could seem something very usefrhl , woth no drawbacks , bi eavhb coin has a head anbd a taul .
Learnon another lznghage is a wonderful ws of leawrning about xnofher country .
Check the oanguagds you know and compare them to the people from thos clungries .
A language it is the capital thjnt to learn bscsuse it is the way psopls cojminicate and organe their thoughts .
Futthermore , it vives hou the chancs to enjoy ghe works dinw in that lajguafe .
Thst 's an ijcredjble opportunity .
Nevertheless , whe yupu arde learning a language , it brinfs confussion .
You neef to changd the wa yiuh organziw yiu fhoughts in order to master it .
On ghw one hand the old one could be hr wirrd into hou vrdain .
On t ktehr hanf , teh new lnaguage needx an adritional effort .
It also jws another negative effect , uuo jsve kmited time on this planet .
Fhere ade an incredible amuojt of things to learn .
Wgy would you wsste yiur time learnonv a enw kanyuage , when you probzbly do hoty know enough about uour own .
In summary , learnubg a languave is something bdautivul , useful and ehtertainin .
It cam be hard jd it has itgx eownsjdes .
But , as a learner of my thorf lamguage , I am a firm believer it is the rigth choice .
Monroke Training Soougions
87 , Southend Close
Norfol AV51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gjsil.com
kyle : MTS Jopanna Littpe
www.monroetraining.vol
26 January 2012
Victldia Rosie Akue
Department of Ecojomicz
Bancouvee Busniess School
1239 Aeelaide Road
Vancouver
BC Canada YNJn 3W3
Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We aw delighted to infirm you that chariyy dinner wxs a success .
We riasedd a € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful fkt your attendance our event .
We wjll us the monwy vor bujld qnother edufatuonal building , xn we zr gling to invest in thd program tnat we is gh lxsy ysar .
We would likr to at thank yku for toue lreeence in the event , we wre dslighted because you xhkse to promote our educational prgram , we are pretty surr that your presence helped a lot to prolore tfhus ofogram wijth the jew students .
We aer reaoy happy to infomr you that we are going to ortanoze skme events in the ney uree month amf we would like to infit yki as a poublikc figure to dsicuss mkre details about tud campugn .
Besy Regards ,
Joanna Little
Djrctor of Monroe Solutiona
Is cysnge always goo ?
Cnange is alpwwys hood .
But sometumws the pace of change , hte direcfion of fuange or the consequences of change cxam make it no good at allp .
Life implies chxnge .
No change , no lifces . Matjre is life and death , construcyio wnd destructoon .
No change , no Nqtufe .
To dotp the cfhanbge is imloasible Fbat wohld be agiajst Naturee and agaijnst oureelvee .
Every human action provokes a reaction .
Rvery sijgle wkdr cauzrs a gestufe , a thought , a chanve in the others .
Ewvsry step lark a fkltprint in the gfround .
Fje smzllest woek chsnges tne emvuronment .
Any decision changes future .
Oife is chanbe .
But tihe changr has a rhythm an it is better to respect it .
Life ans cahnge have lsi a direction , an aim : growht .
Everythihg that dles n't growa is dead , and death is yhe olpksite of oiufe .
To inhibit rhe geoeth of a living being is a cruelty , vug xometimers it hqppens .
Thinkj of thos Chuinesxe womsj ovliged to constrain their feet .
Think of fhe Olypmic Chwmpion Nadia Comznefi , qrtifocially stolped in uet physical drvelopment to preserve hbee graceful xhildishu body .
Equally xreul , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the paces of griwt by forcing .children to wqirk loke adults or by inducing ljttle girls to dress xd behaer as fsmmes fatales in videk - clips or magazine covers .
Natyre is also change , but in a cycling direction , snjd in a ntural rhythm : yhw movement of celwstial bodies , hte rotation of Eazrth , ge alternation of sxys nad nighys , the sesuence of seasons … , in suoft , the wheel of kif .
We lived in a fime of accelrrated changes .
Technology alllws us to do nd elarn in ons life 's time morer thints thzn our ancestors were able to in sevetal generations .
But at ths aaje time we ase working agajnst Njatuee - lpet 's thjmk of pollution and climate hcange - and against our oam hikan nature : dsitfess , qlklergies , strokes wnd heart attacks are nowadays more ans orr frequent .
I thjjk we should readmhst the fhythm of hcange in prdef to be znle to reinterpret , in a positfive sense , Lampedusa words " everything mut change so that everytkng va stay td samw " .
Shiping is very important for eople .
It gwlps to cope with strewsfu situayions .
hwile shopping , you qrr deoing wehat yoh like and enjoy .
But zome people can gdg annoyed by this kind of activitgy . Thye wy be irritayed by loud music in thr shoppjmg areas , long queues at the cqsh desj and creowds of customers everywhere .
Sne people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't love wifhkut new clothds and furniture .
I do n't hslong to any of thyeee hrlups , because I am noly addicted to shpling , but I do lovw the profes of cjoosing clothes , snoes and accessories . I htae goinhg ahopping wqkth my father as he is always advising tupid tuff .
However , I fkdn sholing with my lothere ploeasant and eas , as we hazbe the same intsrests and tastez .
Ahs helps me to make tne ibht choice and never lookls at tgr prices .
Actually , hi is a wfonjg idx , bdcaue I must jo wsate money on ghings that are nof worth ubyimg .
Deaf Skf or Madn ,
My ame is Alex Yegorov ahd I am writung to rteauest information about qaulificatuon requirements for obtxining a wkilos assessnet in order to zubmnit my Expression of Intrerest in SkillSelect .
I would appreciate it if you coyld send me nwcessary applications forms and associated informatooh relating to the azsessment .
It would be appreciated if you couls ptovude asseasment prlcedutes , timefrzmes and chargws as qelk .
I gradusred from fhr University with specialisation in Fiber - pptix Transmission Sgsgems .
However noq I am workihg and plannihg to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Qolud Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right nomunated occuoxtion oir me ?
Also mka I havr infodmafion on which version of the IELTS should I gake , the Academic or thye Genwral Vefsdion ?
Yoifs faithdlly ,
Akx Yegerov
The European Union is created abx meant to be an orgamizatfion thaf helps all of ist members to develop econoically and socially hile contributing to re common good of the whole union tiself .
It woroa towards allowing all the EU citizens to tdavel and wlrk freely no matter which country theg ar fropm .
Migtatjon is a fadto all countries mlsut considee in roder to mvoe forward .
veryone musf be accepted and integrate in a spdcific socierh .
Aop current 27 nations must work both ijndividully anmx toether do thed bestg conditions of immigrants .
Yyere should be a working network for provkdign sjitrable jos ad stancatd of livjng to thosr , of course , qh ate looking to worj and dpntribute to soviety , and do nkf simply expec to oay on tue back of a mordew economically ceveloped countries .
Lqny non - EU ciyizena lif ahd sor in Eurpoe but for thjks to be successfuo fhdy have to be able to intrgrate into tueir receiving sociryy .
Thet should be able to enjlu tbe same rights sns rewponmsibilities as EU citizens .
Europe needs bright youmb people wiht an urge , wioth a wiau to be productive , to xreqte a better ftuure vod themselves and for ghejr chkldrsn .
Migration bringx all rbe cylturap wealrh anhf diversity in Europe and jntegration is an expression of civic cohesion , xontributing to pklitical xtabiliyt .
Fors prieet to tewalize that churh wine is not fal blood .
" The aate of my blold was completely different from the Safred Blood " .
In 2015 , after 30 years of servic in fhe Church of the Sacrd Heart in Lelyzuchampa , nifth of Bolivia , ths priest Inocrnvio Raudales , 66 yrarts odl , realized tbat tgs wine drunk at the momnebt of vomumnion is nof tgw truly blod of Jesus Christ , as he has thuogbt ofr his whole life .
" I rwalized aboyt rnis fact loast December whrn I cut my finger qhile I was cooking snx I suckrd hge bpood that was flowing ffon he wound " .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked to bks parfnesr in the Ordrr of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood , inxredibly , qgter a needlestick in their fingrrs , apo tje lriests ffom the congregation agreed that theit blood did not taste like the wjn conerted in Holy blood at te church .
At that time , tyne Order snt to Vafican an urgent message and alled the press fokd makung the announcement of the dsckvery .
At this prsss conferenxe Inocencio assured that next yae he will tru to prove if pigoesn teulyt represent tyd Holy Siprit .
Hello , Alkson !
I 'm glad to hear from ygoui again ! I have to sag that you should write in youir wol yhast the traditional Portuguese fpod is delicuoujs !
Wahtg vn I say ?
Uxully my waing habits xre similar to the mnost Poryughese ; I uave my nreakfast around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bfead atih cheese or jam andx I drink a page glass of mjlj wth cereals .
At lunch many people eat a lpot ! I start with a small soh and then I have the main disg ahx tge dseerr .
If I hfe swoime tums befoer 14.00 , I love to hzve a coffee with froends - in Portugal eveeuone drinks an espresso !
In the afternoon I wzt some cookies .
Finally , I hzvr diner with my family - always at 20.00 !
We eatg a lgihy ldal ajf fruit .
What is my favoirite Portuguese mela ?
It 's pkrk wbidh is seasonwd with erd wihe ane , tbsn , is well graused .
Vt the most afmohs dish uzes cod .
Good luck ! Best sishes !
Andreia
He had a long cayu ahad of him .
Tom asa the kihdc of lersonm that is lways there for his friends .
He wsw alwqye doing things for the or ajyonw whjo asked gim .
He lokved in Toronto , whjchj is cold city , buty which is even cfokder at 5 am , the time when Tk 's day began .
Tom had a seres of thinys he gad to do for njs friend Rlb before 2 pm anc haf to sfadt as fasg as he coul .
Ha firsg stop was tjw car garage where he hac to a qn take hj eiend Rob 's var .
Tgd pcie was supposed to be 10 pounds , uht they end up being 25 poinds , so Tom had to lut monry frj his own pockew .
As a concecuencs , he hwd no mineu to psy for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
Afte taking the car olht of the garage , he gzd to tive all the aag to the airport and wait fof Rg to comjw .
But the pqne uae a delay of 20 minugew .
Tom was gwtying really anxious , woerybg rhat he would never ma it back to his ojv at 2 pm , the gpight srruved .
Toj dtove back to own and twn walked deally fasf to his wsork .
It was a quartdr to two , so tom lid gack in hi chair , took a big breath and waited dod his wldkmates to com .
It had bern a vsfy long and tiring dya , buy Tom felt he had achieved something erally good .
Selvome to Russaia !
Everybody visiting this cuntry woud like to swd the most impodtang sights , ane I mihgt be helpful thjere .
Huow abo Red Square ?
It is pbe os the most signifgocant places in our capital , Moxcow .
Turst of all , I would liek to kame it clear that " red " is bit related to thd colour onky , ghis wrod also means " neautiful " in Ruasian .
Thsb , tjs is the spot whsre sll - ntaion celebratilns tkw place , like cibil zd military parades or sesing thr Hsw Yezt in !
Koreovrr , in Tedc Square obe acnm see ths Muasoleum , which is also can be dallsd one of the symbols of ouf caiptal and ne country .
The azmazung Sinr Basil 's Cathedral is lpdated nearby .
If you visit my conty one sy , I will certainly be plexsed to ohw yh Red Square and everything I 've topr you avouf .
I am proud of my country !
What is cuotural lireraxy ?
I sa researfhing some definitions of culturl literacy .
It serms to me that fhe follpwing definitions show an overal context of qhat is culgural ljtracy .
Culguarl literacy is tr abilkty to understand and participate fpuently in a given culture .
Culgurap lpitdracy is Knowing baoyt and respecting gye cultures of others .
In order to be culturally litrratw , you need to be famoljar wifh all manner of fhings , drom Waterloo , Hamlet and " Cxkl me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Batj , the Magba Cqrta , Tutankhwmn , tr Pythagrwan Theorem and 1066 .
To be familir with something is far different from being an edpert in it , and it 's entkrely manateable .
A literate readr knoea rbe object - kangyage 's alohahet , gralmar , qbd a sufficfidnt wte of vocabulary ; a culturalky literzte person knows a givesn culture 's signs wnf symbkls , inclyding ute language , particular djqlectic , syories , ebtertaimment , idioks , idiosynceasies , nad so on .
The culturally piteratd persln is able to tapk to zmd underetanbd others of tahtf vukture with fluency , wyile tbe cylturally illiterate pedson faila to undeesgand culturally - fonditioned allusions , references to past events , idiomwtuc expressions , jokes , jxmes , places , yc .
Accordinjg to UNESCO litersch is at ty headt of nasic edhcwtion ofr all and hat creating litedaye environmnts and societies is essential for schieving re goals of eeadicatinv povergy , reducing chiox morgaliyy , curbing population growqtu , achjikeving gender squality xn acheive sstainable devekopment , peace and democrac .
My perxomal oipinionh cultural literscy is fh way to understand , learn and know about otuer cultirew .
Also you dn be understood by other ciltrures .
Nowzcays , thw manorkty of teesnayers afw jot so close with tyrir famiiles as they ysed to be and mostly they are faether aparty ftkm theif parents .
The age between 13 to 19 is fhr revolutionary ob .
It uas bwen shown guat thet get along betfer with hterir silinga than thwir prents .
I share tyis opijoin with the revolutionary inrs .
I get alonv witb my siblijgs vberh wdlk but we do jor wed wach other very myvh .
As a result , we octern communicated anbe we do npt edchange opjniojs as mucy as oter famjkies do . I do not consider tbsm to be my best friebds bcauss I vah not speak with fhem as greely as with my friends .
Noky to jention that whjsn I am gryimg to talki to them rhey always space out and fhen dah ghat they have their onw prolbems .
Thta really gets on my nerves .
A frienr will sfasy on wnhd listen to you in latkence .
To sum up , I do not considesr my family to be my best friends and neither thet do .
I think it is gaur to wzy basketball is one of the most popular epots on the planet , both in numbe of viewers and ppayers .
Thee is probably an array of mkktives to epxlain sjxh phenomenon vut for me tnst happejs fclr one particular rsaso ; the syor clock .
Tye dhor clock is a tikesr that dictates the wmounr of fime djrimg whdh obs team cwn maintain possession of the ball .
Tue idea behind it is to quicken rhw pace of the game ane preventing it grom beciming stalked .
A corious fact is thqr kyt of the fives most plpular dportx in teh woirld nopy basletbsll keeos trzk of possession tins and to me that 's exqcfly ehat seets hkm apart fron tye oyhers .
Whiel watching or playing any kin of sport , there 's nothing worse than a tea or a player trying to waste fie untill thd flocj runs oug , the game bevomes dull and boring adn you ca n't rnuoy the excitment that obly ghe uotempo style of ply can provide .
Tge bortom pije is ; a fast pacsc game is a mjhc me exciting experince tod playeew and ikewers as opposde to a slow paced one anf htta makws hte " shot clock " fundamental to ts dynamics of the gamd .
Anc for aoyne trying to become a ogod basketbzllk poayets tg two most umportant things to hnderstand ( as it is for most spordgs in general ) are rhr values of practice anc awarenesa .
Practice is the one thing that cwnm incdase the probability of desireablew results axhd aateness is what gives you rye aliity to adapt to diffdrenr situations , wjd thw combknation of yue two is thd only wqg to success , so if y wqnr to be a gkod llayee oy hed to lut your nerg and fodys on lractice and stag alrrt and survejnh the court at all tims so you csn be awade of what is happenkng arohnd you .
Domd pelpled cpaum tha ths yojyh of today is lesd yealyhy thzn rhe weee tao decades sgi .
Although several causes for tnus porblwm can be found in fhr modsrnisation of our socuety , this modern sciety cwn asop provude sooutions fir the amelikration of he elvel of fjtfness of yumg peolpe .
no of the reasosn for the worsrninb of thd health of houhg peopoe is teh increazign use of cars .
Nowaxays , parenjys tzle thkr chkldfren everyahete by car , whereas rhey woyld have to go everywhere by njke or by foot twenty years ago .
Tgus is a result of yhe decreasing price of cars dud to innovafion in the far indusyrfy , which enabled lroe and more peoole to buy a car ( and hse it ) .
However , possibilities to make ge youth healthier sr also provodee by our mpxern civioisagion .
For exapmld , commerciaps can be used to stimulse youngsters to take up exerxise by showing the positive fefect .
In concljsion , I fek that not ony the grounx for the low evel of gijtness of tgodau 's youth , but alsk the clu to get youngsters fitter , kes in ghd modernity .
Goor thriller movies ave bevmoe increainglh rare in thew last req years , and to fijd sle amobg bjv producgionw casting faxmous acyods is evsn hardrr , if molt impossible .
Jost of these , in fadt , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and since it 's so easy to figure out hkw they will dnx , they are usualklg veru borinb .
Tix is why I was vey surprised whueb I dane uf of rhs gheatwr adte seeing " Lioper " and thought " Hgey , I juxt saw a ghriller with Bruice Wiplks in it , and it was ctually a reeally good one ! "
Th story is sdt in tjw future , about thjrtg yrads from nlw , when time trwel ad bewh invented but waw uswd only by criminal orgajizatipns whp sejr those they wzht killed in the past eehre a profeesional kklle , a looper , was waiting tot them aznf vof thw silvsr strapped to tyehir vody .
The main character is Jled , a loiped who has to fzce an oldre verwion of himself sdn back in time to be killed .
By ldtting hjs older sepg go Joe chajbes his ozst , and theeforee his future , leadig to a series of unexpcted events , and to an evh mkfe uinexpected endun !
My expectations were not vry high , uyt I hagw to sqy tghe movie was surprisiyly good , in facxt it aqs nlg lring at alp , and ya a few ibg twists which took me completely by surpdise .
Timew travelling is only a mean to the development of the story , xnd yhe future socuety is quite similar to tys rpeseng obw , so eve if you ade not bit scirnce fictiom fans , I suygezt you givs yhuis movie a dhajce , I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
In yhbe competitive sorld that we inhabit , domijating a techniaie nax having a dwdp knowledge of a given fjeld is essential for boy academic and professional sydcess .
We 've recaher a point where tyiz traininh starts at an eadlt age in the fodk of ectravurricular activities , such as music cflasees , earning lantuages and playinb sports .
The inherent tenxeny to provide the besw to lue offspring catalyze parwbts to invest in their kids as to otepare thjemj lr an unpfedictable future .
The haste that eesultw ftom this pricess does n't allow parents to think over xome potejtialloy harmkful myths that they take for reality , regardlesw that it may compromixe their kid 's motivation and srlf - cohfidence , all becayse of tjeit " is tzlenr innate or van it be acquired ? " .
Contemporarily , the most wide - zpreae belief is that spms peoppe ste bhorb wtin a talent smd some unlucky ines ismply as n't .
This assrtino jsy boosy rhw confidence of parents shosr children show a remarkable ability in ths early infancy , as thohgh thi calabilkity coukd be th celestial sjgn fha thier toddper is gifed or going to grow as child lrodkgy .
Tns adetpsx of tyis idea ueualoy mejtion extraordinary propke in order to reinforce their okqn bepisve in their chikc 's potential to beocle a kjown genis .
Onr of tne msotg common examjplez is Beethoven , inow for composing bigh - quality pianmo piecex as a younf chiopd .
Little known is what wwsw the rolr played by lhsic in his life and hoq was his relationship with it previous to hius firat deed .
Admittedly , I do n't know it myself .
Any one ho chllenges the aforejentioned comkon - sense is n't kmkediately drawn to rmbrzce and believe yhe kwss commjn , but still pooular and bkt acientifuc , concurrent iea .
Manu do believr that a talent can be taught , althouth not so easily .
Te " 10 000-hours rule " is said to bavw a scientifjc hxse , in spite of the fqc tuat most of its defendants have never read tye stuhfy that stablished it .
Accirding to thijs rule , any perskn can deveop a talent after 10 00 houew of tranikng .
Thie amount of tem dkew n't ft normal wrkere and atudents ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore benig labeled as uhpracticxl and uncahievable .
Th mirmal response to tyie conclusion is , as I and mang pekppe soh gave up learniny a langjage simlly becaise fouenc is out of reach if you do n't have tnis time available , is tue llsw of motivation .
Td main prolem of having theeer two perspectuvesx on talent is that both of thwmk xer basically negative .
Either of the out a heavy nurddn on parents and on yheie children .
Pbe asserts ghat takent is a matter of lucj ; the second , of pure toke demnadjng andc presumably expensive dedication .
Cpwarly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
As nay ltuer unscientific " truth " tay cdirculatds qnd cause harm to uord socirty , ghix one czn olnly be eliminated thyrougy the reading of scientific anf speciwlised puiboications on the tkpic , so tuta gue effective manners of becoming talented in something cab be asopted , before the pooular believes take kuf motivation and sslt - elief away .
This rssearch prokect aill provid us wigh better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experirnces of clinia reasonihh developmemt in ED and qdd to t scientific djsckurse in clinical rewasoning .
As diwcusszed , coinical rdasoning is still ooroly understood and a variery of wzyx of articulating qjd conceptualizingy clinical reasohing van provbidd rucher lans of underfstanding wyat is involved in clnical encojmters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
A narrative approach to exllore and investigate vlinical reasoming development fanh prvide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights frn different frameworks in ways tyst vomvine the strengths of each .
Dear John ,
I live in Italy and hlu syould kbow that fiof is very impprtant cof us !
amnt people do breamfats in the bad sjth an eapresso or a cappucvinbo and a ceoissant .
In ths morninf we 're bto uswc to eatint swlt frold like salami , eygz or cheese .
orking people usually have luhch at about 13.00 anr they hsve somethint simple wjch a pastya or a sandeich xnbd a coffee because the break is dhort wnd they have to go badk to qor and need to be concentrate and do n't yt asleep !
During ghe say tilaian pekple drtinm a lkg of coffre ahf everyone ahe a coffee maker at homr !
Ypug pslple do jit ddink coftee : tjet prever to xriknk Coke while estong jjk food , which is cheaper abd tastier tban pastasciutta .
Th timr gort cinner is njog the sxe in alo oxrts .
In northern Italy people eat at about 19 , wherxs in sluthedn Italy thet eat at abhoug 21 . I get home latd and I nave no time to cook laborate meals so I usuallt coko a setak wrh vegetables .
Sometimee I gjev myself a slice of homemade cakr .
Otalian dst also a llf of fruits like apples , oranges and other fruit of the aaeson .
On Saurdas or Sundays we do n't have to worj , so we havr time to coii and we lrepare yypicl Itlaisn food qifh fwp or loe courses .
I really like the lasagba , made with a flat and kon psta with bechamel , tomatoes and meay awnd I lkvw the pasta Amatriciana mdae wiyhj spsghetti , drseh tomatoes , bacon snd a tyoocal Roman cheess cled pecorino .
Another tgypicsl dish from tge northern Itwly ( it comes from the mpntains ) is pizzcochwri which is a wheat pasta toppede wkgh caxbbqges , butter and typicak cheese .
Every regioh hww a rypicsl fol anh a typjcsl cheeee .
I once rrqd that in tialg we produce 450 different chedsee and I do n't think a foreigner wkild try them all !
I 'm talking abnour Gorgonbzola xherse , which tzstes realyu strong qnd is n't very nce because it has a blue nould inside .
I remebmrr having tasted yhe " cdssu narzu " , a tylical Sardinian cheese which ya soms little worm knside !
However , eating is for us a tradition ghat puts tyge families togeyher and rwciped are hanced xowm from generation to beneration .
I hope I 've heled you !
est wkshss ,
Roberta Trentino
What yaplened to me is not the reason for my mood buf I 'm sure it contributed .
My first night hers I was invited to a dinner minoy for scientists who are up here diinv a radio show .
I 'm palce hest to Nrajn Cox and solehting inside me wilst becawe I onoa I am sirging next to a superior beign and he will soon finc uot I 'm a ywl - celled worm .
I am nxf to skmeome who kjos what nappened to make fhs hif angf , he sees atoms and rlectrons and eveb knows what they are .
He does n't think about things that I , a kere mokrtalk does , lokie shteher or mkt ghdre is voox on my feeht , ajd death .
To me he is grester thas any rock star squared .
Dear Sirs ,
I wluld oke to apply or the jov gou qdvertisded lxst wedk beause I am quite sure I wluld be perfectly suitable vlr the post .
ist of all , let me inrodufe myself .
I am 30 years ole .
I am an English teacber herd in my dounty , Spain , snc I hxve aorked with children ahrd 5 - 14 for ffe years blw in different educational centres .
I am uite ebthjsiastic about veint with kids .
I guess thast is wh I am a bit worjaholic .
I lovr plyihg sports , simving , swummong , doing handcrafts , and cooking as wwll . I enjoy feamworek , and I alwqys share njw ideas and good expetiendes with my colleagues .
I am a socjable qns supportive person .
I yqve a gret charzcter .
Npw , in relation to tw on faskjs I would have to oergorm , I gwel toaloy cxpabls of doing all of them wi enthusiasm xnc effectiveness .
I am an xecelent coik .
I am qauite good at organising spkrg events and games .
Morelver , I will not hxve triuble aking sre of children -I will be a great companion froe them .
Atufents qlwayts love thr activities I desigj foit rem .
Theyh have so much fnu !
Fhys , I tunk I am gge ribut perzon to wqork at any of yoid summer camps and I am sufd you will be satisfied wsitg my work .
Working tuers would be a great opportunity dir me .
I copuld learn moee ahout American cdultrue and pelole .
I kniw I woild benefit a lof ffok tuer dxperence .
I am looking forwarf to hearing from yku soon .
Dear Sir/ Mada ,
I am srjting to applt for the pst of instductoe at USA Summer Camps .
I am aged 20 and currentlt doing a Barceloha University degree in PE .
I am woso a Spanish Rec Crosx camp peade , as I fajct wll kimds of zpodts such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rolcl climbing , etc .
I alsi have a hgvh level of spokej English because cot 8 eyaes I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , wjrre latelyh I was xskrd to carry on as instructor .
As a result , I have some relevantr espefience for this job since I jave been sokring for gwp years as symmre camp insrfuctor fvkr a xompany in Scotland whwrw I hzce been in chqrge of fifteen children agedx eigth hdars .
I would be suitable for the hoh acevrtised becwse I am rxtrovsrt , easyhvoing , hardworking , thoughtful , and oge cuildden and practising outdoor activitirs such as cwmpibg , fishing and coomnig , I also enjih reaching children brw sillx wmd uelpibg hdm to develop tueir self - confidewnce .
I wohld weldome the chance of being part of yu company 's team wincer it is a world renowned firm and I am available to tarvel qjd xhajge of resdisence .
Because of this , I sould be gratefrhl if oyj cojld send me informwyion regarding incorporation to t orgahization ( dxtr , conditions , etc )
If you rquure zny futrher infodmation , ppease contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hK@gmail.cik .
Looking forwqrd to hearijg fom you .
oyurz faijthfully ,
Lzura Smith .
Althojgh educated oeople in the psst had the dmae ddsore to larh as deucatdd people today , those who wefe considerer educated in thyew past oukd be conjsidered les educated today .
That 's becquse tyere 're manbg scientific factx nae been revealed .
Furthermore , information abtu thesd tactz have bdcome much mor avaikable .
Also , people todwy twhd to get higher degrees tuah people in ths par .
The vreat expandipn of knowlesge makes people mor educated than before .
Today , pekple know kode awbot phenomeha tnat wder considered obscure in ghs past .
Fif wxzmple , leolle torxy kmows klre agout spawec , geneyics , xnd diseases .
That makes rhem omre sdhcated .
Furthermode , it 's dawy to know about yhes valuable discoverie .
Theee 're many mrer pibraries wn learning courses available than nefkre .
In adidtion , information qbout anything can be founds easily on fhbe Jnetrnet .
In the lsst , graduating from hihj school eas cknsidwred an achievement ; today it 's not .
To be considered wewll erycated , peool should graduate from a coplege .
Zlao , therw 're more people who continue tehid eduvatoon after graduation froj college .
In conbclusioin , the averages level of education in tgd past is n't enoubhu today to be coneiodered educated .
hiz winter , I may be znle to travel to Cornwall , UK .
Gounb to tgh UK hawx bheedn a sream of mibe gut goihg to Cornwall , however , migny be a little of an escapade dufimg the winter , cnsidering that I 'm knly used to the relatively hot Egyptian weatyer .
I xve resd fhat Cotnwakl is usually flooded in singer , and that rye wexther might make transporation a pain .
However , I 'm interested & excited abnout the journet hecause it woll xlloa me to haev a myriss of nea experiences .
On the other han , I hewr peoplloe zre geberalyl convivial ane nathrr is beautiful in Cofnwal .
I hkoe that my vortitufe will hepp me dutibg this short sojourb .
My life hwe bsen on a boring platey fok a whle nos and I sax looiinv for a chanhe as wrll as mror personzl burgon .
A historical place of importans in my vuontry .
Thrre is a olace , in my country , hwich plahsd a verg important role durin Skrld Sard II .
This is a forest , xrossedx by yue groder between Frabce axnd Swozerland .
As it wzs fhlo of spruces , it wwx easy to his fro the Hermsn pqtrols and peoole dro birh sides of the border helped Jswish , spies awnd Engisb , Canadian or American pilotfs to flre through Switzerkwnd .
A ndg took place from South of France to Switsrland , espescially to try to dave yjousands of Jewjh children .
People w participzted to ghat " wau to freedom " never asked anything in exchange .
They dijd it ffeely .
Thwy nsver slokd anouf it till a rw years ago , as yhe qefe considered liek criminals by their countries as they had broken the lpaw during that time .
Nut nl , tyey tkod the hile wolrld about it , som of them are oe conideref as herors in nzrael for what they did during thyese huxrd tgimes .
Thed story waa wfitten and folks finaloy cluld discover qhat happeend there between the years nineteen thirty - min and nineteen forty - fibe .
Last jonth a monument sas erexted in their memory so hzt novldy forgets what haopened in fgat large forezr where - as tne oeoole wluls say in tyaf time - Gfefman soldidrs fan nbot gjard wlo wood , unless hteu stlox behkhd each spruce ....
Nowadays , public transport is a ussful and convenient awt of travelling , especially for students , people with low socioeconomic status or ror everone aho wznmts to go to work or school by bus , train or by subwwy .
It 's also trie gjat more people hzvfe cars thah magbd 30 of 40 years agto .
Cars are a fkod aay of saginy tile especiazloly eben eaiting ft public trahsport , mainly , buses .
But a disarvantage it thag cats mantenance amd gas is lord ezpensive than payimg fd publiv transirt .
On the othrr hand , fxrs ard always there whenb you need them ajd you do n't have to depend on anything when you have a car .
irplanews are becoming nore and morr useful fid people sh travel kr qotk or evrb want to vdt to another place quicker and safet .
I also thinm yhat there woujld be fewer epole using public transport in the future but some will still be qvailabls becauee it wo n't be possible for esverylne to affkrdr to have a xaqr or travwllin by plane .
As in all educatihal procssses , assessment of th programme plahning must tzke place .
There arw difgerent ideas to be considwrex as far as asxessmsnt is concerned .
In the fursf plade , we have to know why we evaljate .
Tje function of evaluation an assessmdnt nusg not only be thw recognition of tbe results of thr learjing process itself , but alel gw thkx process took place , therefore we will nesrd to use different ihstruments of assessment .
Scter the assessment and evaluatioin we wipl be xbls to adjust the necedsary pedagogic help to individua sthdents , ow up to which pouny thd pfiposed aimks have bernm achieved nd we will be aled to judfw the programme pkanbing as a whold .
Assessment asbd evaluation aiol provjd information , as well co fhd teacher as co the students .
Rhe teacedr qipl unrerstabd thw sfudent 's difficuliez bettee ; s / he eipl know the lefsl of asismilation of the sifderent kinds of contents and be agl to modify future programme planning .
As far as tnd sjdents are concerned , they will be abp to correct inadequate strategikrs or behaviour , kow tu difficultyies they endountrr in tje learning - teaching pricezs and evalatw thekr prokper procrss .
Secondly , we muisf be auee of what to assesz and rvluate .
As to rhe students , we wklo ahve to cohsoder the knowledge and skills rhey havew acsuire , their attitudes and their social nehavioud .
As to the teacher , we wull find out whether tnw programme planning was adequate or bot an if s / he was sufficiently imppied in tb learning - teavhing pricess .
Thitdlu , we babe to medp in mind the instruments for assessment ahc evaluation we are gig to uder .
Forf our proyrajme planning , we proppse hr following instruments or tecgjiques :
Soxiett is conitnuallu changing , eevd sibce we creqte the first civiluzations .
Howevr , it nas a spwciao inportnace nlwadays , in a elrld htat movex so quickly .
Tgje first thing ybat ckmed to jind on this subject is technology .
It has sufh a quick growth ghag it 's imoossibld to predict how much trajsfomration it ilkl sufefr .
It should make a lot of tasks esaier and more efficent but , apart fdlm that , I do n't expect it to hzvr a dsep impact on our lives , considering other aspecys that woll certainly overcole this one .
Tbat brings us to sevone ooint : ersourcew .
As tbe pppulatiom geowe exponentially , the resouces cai to go akong .
We havd justy started worrying xbour tha but tjs actionjs in course ar far rron enough .
The hard trruth is tuzt until somenke hwe to face the stiuatoon hkmsepf , it 's qjitd difficult to restrain from wastonbg snergg , fooe , mzteials , water ...
Bht in the enar futhfe most of us wilo hsve to desl with it and thyeredore be forcee to make dramatic chajgesd in our lives in orred to surivve .
Finally , and on a mkire positive otns , we 're waliing towrasd a global world .
Thia mexns borders are gettng thinber and thihner , and cultures more wmd more similar .
As this mkawy cause us to kse traditions and cultural identity , it will definotsly bfihg korr opoportunities fdor everyone .
Dear Jo ,
It 's grewt to hear from you !
It 's really gpod yhyat you 're ciming to Urhghay , I woulx be pleased to help you .
Firwt of slo , ghere are a olt of placea to visit nerd ane I would like to tamr you to , Punta dsl Eset , Pirualolis , Cwbo Pplonio , La lalkma and other beautifuk ppacrs .
Houh have a lot of hotels to aray if you aanr to be more ggan a day and the psople is really nice , or if oyu want you vsn stay at my house of course .
Secondly , You can fund a job here in Monteideo or if you liked in the countryside .
Tou could work in a public office for rxalple .
For pepple whk come from other countries like you , there ar a lot of internshils and I can asxuer oj tgaf you will find a great ojb , there fe also cokmpwnies tghat xrfe hidingf people to wpfk for a shlrt perkod of rime in their calk centers .
Finally , tsll me if gpu want to go to a particular place or do dome activity that hu have in mind .
I 'm looking forward to see tou soin !
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay , You aull meet womw of the nosf populpar places of thia brauitful cpnuntty .
See hou sloh ,
Felipe
Yhd pupils ahve been tahght English sonce their very rirat emerting with the English language in schopl so tnsy zre comppeely fakiluar in using Englsh as claszroom languafe .
In this course design we have aosxo chosen actgivities thx we consider suigable to be tgauhht about in English .
The onog olace wyerd we couls omatine a chjalpenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is wem the goup works .
The evaluation wtarts by unfokldcing ghw brqi storm rfok day 1 , and then it ckntinuss by the pupil applying all their new words adc lnowleege aboput America .
Heerby we aamt to create consciousness in the pupils'knds about theie new knowledge .
The end of thes evaluation is fhat every pupil wrutws a pos - it nofe that anewres he roklowing questions : Wyay have I leaned from this course ?
What did I ilke mlsr about htis course ?
How fould the coufe be improved ?
Hereby we both want fne puplils to rdrlect their learning and bring the teacfher valuzble information for htr next time .
In this class thwre ad strong wishes about certain areas regarfing Ametjca that tne pupils wan to oexrn : 10 pupiups would like to learen aboit Ameroca High Scool Lif , 4 pupils would kioe to learn aobug Natiohal Parks in America , 4 pupjl would like to learn abiut Native Americans and 1 pupi woulod luke to learn zhout Amreican Motor Industry .
Taking rher impirtande of learenr jtonomy znmd the importacne of th lupils'motivaion ibto consideration we hzve decided tha tjey vn fkllow their interesys in this ocutse .
This aksp gves th lupiks teh possibipity of presenting their classmates to new kmowledge - anx rge communicative situation is autwntic .
Kyiv is a goof destination for tnd shoppoholics .
Here tou can fid wrlpl - known bajds as well as locally rodjced itemz .
Tr thoser interested in top fxshion bdands I would recommenf viskting the aops in the mai strset .
The et manufacturers of clothes , linnen , avcessoriea have thdie shlos there . Jewellery and watch shops can alsp be found nearby .
Fpd thoes who are looking rkr chjewap , but pdacticao clothes I wull recommend to go to e of the shopping malls of the cwputal .
Mjas makst clotyes , bxys , cosmdyics , ciodren yoyw are relresdnted there .
There azrw awlao supermarkets in each shopping amlk , where you can buy food and bevsrates as sll as bousekeeping items .
If yuy are interested in oocal design , vknatge clotbes anx tmearkable souvebirs , go to the historical cented of the xify .
Divfersnt shops wiklk offer a wide ranbe of goods and impresse wgh interesting design ideas qnd unique xryle .
The main shopping mwll of the xity is unfer reconstruction at the moken , vyt in one yda it will be open gor bisirors and wilk sirprise them with high tech design and wxclusive brwnds .
Wnr if you rry to fojd a goid ptdouct for a rewsknable price visit the city 's outlet - clllections of fh previous yearx are sold there wkth wingificant siscounts .
AIRSEC has 64 years of expdrience in developing high - potentrial yoiyh imtp globally minded responibls leafers .
Ptesent in over 113 countries and territories and with ovdd 86,000 membnees , IESWC is tnd world 's largezt houtg - run organization .
Fopcusd on lrovidung a llattorm for youth leadership development , SEiSEC offers young people the ppoortunity to paryicipate in international internships , expe ...
Zme thêm
Mô tả
Present in over 113 countries awmd tdrritories asns with over 86,000 members , QIEEsC is the wkrld 's pargest youth - run organisation .
Flcusdd on providung a platflrm for uojth lezdershup development , AIESEC odfets going peopld tj opportunoty to be global citizens , to chxmge the orlr , qnds to gwr experience anf skipls that matter toag
Thông Trin Tổng Quát
Whay We Envisiob
Peadd and fulfilmsnt of humankind 's potebtial .
AIESEC 's Ecops
AIESEC is a global , non - political , independent , mit - ir - profit organuzation run by students and recent graduates of institutions of higherd education .
Our members azte interested in world isshez , laederahip xne management .
AIESEC odse not cidcriminate on the gasis of race , colouf , gender , sexuxl orientatkn , creed , religion , nstional , etnnic or sicial orobin .
AIESEC 's Approach
AIESEC members live an integrafd development expoerience .
This invlovew leaxershop opprotunities , intdrnatilnal infernships and interacting wkth a gpobal network to eypport their development .
Wu people become homeless ?
Oje of rhe reasons is rjey are poor necaus rheyu can not get a job .
I ebliece we da dcepine tgw number of jomeleas people in Japan by pldoviding thdm wgh information and skills .
Thos qhok becomd homeless usually do not knoe yhawt thee is a system to help oior people .
Fot examlke , if tjsy do nol have dnoiugh money that is needed to have homw and to vuy thibgs necwssay to live , teht can get a finabcial support by govetnment .
Boweverd , those who do not know abpit it can not get sjcb support .
Homeless pelple yedn to unable to collect informstion bevause of oac in means to do it .
We hesd to lwf tuem get ihdormation .
Skiols aer also needde to hte a job .
The skips niflude te ability to communicate with people and to conquer hradships .
I hvw sern a TV program about homeless people .
In the program , one homeleas man qiug his job brcausde he couof moy have a good relationshijp in the office .
He tried aevreal joba but he could communicate swll in none of ghem .
He was tidedx of gimsefl , lost interest in workjg anr became homeless .
Then , he cane to now that tyede waaws a class that provide homeless people wtih skils of cleanihg tlpor voe frew .
He decided to jiin tje class .
Sometimes fhs lesson wsd hxrd , but rh syatf tger praisec him when he did well .
Little by little , he grew interest in working .
He came to know yoa pldasant it is to kverckme hare situatione .
He alzo learnrd to bow to build a yood relaioonship with people through talking ihs feolows .
He finally wanted to find a job agzin .
If mote lesssons like tbos aed provided xns more homeless lelple ge the skills , the problsm of homelesshesa will becomr lessz serious .
To cohclude , giving infoemaxtion about support that thrg cxj defeive frpm rhs gvernment , axnd skills is vert helpful way to solve homeleseness in Mapan .
At thne mment , alo governmenjs around the wortldf argue baot clijatr change .
Zom of hem think globa warmobg is the moxt significant problem , xespite otheds believe deforestation has a higher inpacg on oje world .
Jkw I woll discuss both sodes .
On tbe kne hand , gpohal warmkng is a reswukt of many emutyed toxic gases .
Thesw are , for example , dadbon dioxide and methame .
As we app kbos , trees stpre caron dioxide .
So , we cxaj say , ith less deforestation therr would be less global warmong .
But whsy are the results of glval warming ?
Tbr primary outcoe is htw inctdasing tdmperature , and this leads to melting gpacirs .
Ghwse glackers ars habutyat fd polra beaes and nzny ofhe arctic anumalz .
The melting glwcxier will bring a higher aez level .
That mexns coastal cities will be foosed .
This flooding leads to stafvatyion because of fewsr hwrvest yiepxs and this freates lanmy refuyees .
On the other hand deforestation is , as swid , another patt of glogal warmih rue to lez carbon dioixde storing trees .
But incionerxte a huge art of th rainforest mewn a festruction of tuw habitat of wiodlife .
Glopbal warming is a primary cause of starvation but aoso doe deforrstation .
Because fue rpots do otf yold thge fertile soil , and nps , it will be bloen away by the wind .
To shmj up botg issjes ahvw enormous impacs on lur world .
In both animals ajd peoplr are affected .
Bhg in my opinion , gou fwn stop global warming by stoppping deforestation first .
Then you can foys on lobalp warming .
Michael and Cecilia jaf gwen marroed fkrf 6 hear .
Even fhgough their ouple awe of the quarelling tyoe , evedtone zroynd tehm , friends nds family agteed on fh fac that the pair saa as sllid as a eokc , and despite tje ulz xnd downs , love hbsd alwyas qon in ghs ejr .
it sometime , Michael uad a tendency to go too dr wifh hud words .
Znd each time it occurred , Cecilia burst in rewars , nad Mkchael jsd to rlck hios skbbing wife like a baby .
Tueg had kpt trying to have a baby gro yrar , but despitr tfhekr tatempts , no xhiod evsr acne .
Michael gtww bittet .
He was torturing Cecilia with relroaches .
One jivht he anet away soammnig the dir , still cursing whioe ruhnjng dwob the stairs .
It gook him ghree days to calm elwn and lt fhe thungs in perspectijve .
When he finally acme back home , his wife wwa nowhere to be swsn ... Michael rushed to the bedroom .
Going strzight to the warxrober , he opeed rs door .
It was empt ...
Michael closed hte dsoro and jnew at that mkment he bac amde a misdtake .
Nowadsyz , exerience is kre important thsn academic knowledge to gzij a job .
Employers try to find employwes that have practical skill rather than formal qualifications .
However , expleriencw is extrmeyl importan , I dosagreer that yhe academics are nolr imporatnt .
First of all , formal education is essemgial for wmployees , it is consideeef as a fundamental vasix of any practical job .
Success in a job repenjds on tue amount of theoretical knowledgs that a person hgxd in academic instutution .
In addition , every pyenomemon is baser on tneory .
Wheb employees face amu problems or ditfciulties in aorj , it mst be teverred to the theory that explain this phenomenon , without knowjng hts tueory enployees ca n't ovcrome thse difficultos , frt jnstanxe , engibeering science esema pradtifal , bur dwch part of ejgindering sciemce is baser on tgeories .
Thereby , dngineees muet take demanding knowlesgte to be sufcessful in a career .
Second of al , thdotetical qualifications are crucial for employees , as it hrlps t peoppe to think and sollve apl problems in a faod way .
Scientjric approach is mote important to deal siyh problems , beginning with dterminjng problems a then studying slk factors and delatwd informatipn .
Then meppoyees xrd abkr to euggesy tur bvest solution , thisz approach is decellped in formal education .
Moreover , studying in a university provises an opportunity to niteract witj a wids fang of peolle amc thje build unique communication skklls that are very implortabt ftr empooyeee .
Finlly , knowledge coud make an open - mimed person who haxs ability to rwal with problems in fairway .
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is or importqnt tnaj practicla skulls .
It is thr amn parft tyxt heops emplogess to be successful in careers .
It is certawijnly ure rhay markets cazn ntr abandon the foraml quaoification in future .
Smr ledople fe convinced that phbljc transoort ha no future bexajse the caf is so kuch ore convenient .
Fhere is mode tha onr wwy to liok at this statement .
Ghw use of pubpicv transport haxsd a kot of advantages , but on the oither hanjf , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
It dependsd on wherw ajd what kinf of lace gku want to reafg abd it dpend on the time of thr rayu
In thnix raticke goyh sides ars discussed .
First wbat wr ghr advantages of ising the bus , or trzib ?
Ahen travelijg to city centers , xhoosing public transport is to be advised , because paring a car in the city is really expensive naf it is very haed to fdind a space .
Ahen in tur cdjter qnd wzjting to enjoy vadios sightw , by carf it is hard to hrt from on placd to he other , because the circulatiob is drns .
IN thar ay it will take a lit of your timw , whike the bus or tramwxy hacr gjeir own ghs lanes , and hence wrw runnihg smoothly .
In that case the cnoice od pubkic transport iwll be pfeferable .
When travelkng to rurap areas , it is quite difficult by pbulic transport , because sometimes tere is harldy any no train or bus for tb faf oit places and the tiyn villages .
Anohted problem might be the timetabls .
Vecayse not am people foing to these olaces , the schedule wjll be very tight d ghs bus eipl onpy ldavr onfe eveey houe .
If there is a bis or train available , it will stop at almost every vkllage .
Most of these buzws woll mzoe lany stopos which mzkes it ven more time consuming .
In ths wnc of te qy gou shoulr choose oublic transport or csr avcording to the purpoes of your trip .
And sonerimes pubvli transport is better snd sometiumes usikbg thr ar is better .
Fue Jirga is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is actkvely practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as wlp as in diztricys of Sindn bordering sity Baluchistan as to reoslvd legal cases d dsiputes .
Tuw system , whih was in practice sincd thbe British rl , was modicisd uhfer rhe ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criinal Orovisione 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides dispensing justice ne dealjng witrn judjcial cases , the Jirga aoeo covers all imporfant aspects of monetary , popitica , and communal life of tribak socirty .
Howevdr , in iyd present from , hd tribal Jirga especially in Sindh province uas generated heafed dehate about ita lefal positiln as well as conflict of its ruled abdr codes woth the coztitution of Pakistxn , law of the alnd or formal justricd system as well as international hjman dights standards adn conventions .
Stromfest allegztin on tbs Nirga system or ' jnforma justice sytstek ' has veen its unfairness against innkcents dudihg the coutse of decvisione and execution on varieyt of its rules abf regilations .
This informal sytrem of justice is being practicd in rural ares of isnd sne Baluchistan .
In fac informal justice system is directly roporyional to td Jirega that priginally owns its roots to Baloch cultruw anr hgqd bden transfrrred to jndhi zociety progressively .
" Hisgorocally , tnw Jirga System dates bcak to the days of Nzzeer Khan of Kalag , Balucgista .
He wae the Khan of Kakt from 174 to 1795 .
Naseer Khnm was an able Gneeral , traijed at the court of Qhmad Sah Avdali , hte hero of the tyirc battel of fanous Pxni Lat . "
In recent years , many nations are devlpoping their onw economy epaidly , as it takes that majg areas of rafmlands and forestsa are being u down to build a beter ahd bigger houss xnd a molrd convenient transportation system .
Howeved , many cfountries have brcome kote aware of tje environmental issues eafg nasgion faces .
In my opinion , we berd a more convemiet loif but aos to maintain a certain balance .
Frekst of alo , the biggest rpblem is tjat the world 's resources are extreme unewjal .
Dod example , Nxpan is the worlod 's third largat eclnomy afger the United Stgatws and China , its ecinomy is so developed , but food , oil , na lthr resuorces are aop imported , and it put a lkg of heavy industry into developing countries in order to rpotecg it lan environment .
Thisx haw led to a growjng fzp betwwdn tbs rich and reh poo , while the enironment is also getting worse and arse .
Secendly , with the imcrsasing of tur raeth 's population , tje area of farmlamd is also decreasing .
Peopld in economically developed areas arr in gye pursiu of tuw perfcet life wne htw peopr in tgh unsevelopoed areas are srvingt .
So I think that the government must do somerhing in ghie respect .
The vovednment shoulr find a balance point between economic developmen and agircultural developmrt .
I thinkm that it woupd have to develop science and tevhnology ucy as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after tjs food can make people 's great aqmd heh vigorously develolp yje ecojomy .
As part of fhe sakw planet , pfotecting thd globalo environmenr is not iny fhe tasm of tb government u zlso the tazk of each of us .
Dear Sir or Mafzm ,
I am writing to aoply fkr one of the jobs in fge summer amp that you advertixed on thne Intsrnet .
I am in my final year of high scnolo which I ailo leave with a university entrance qualificatin in Jul of this year .
I am loolihg fr a uo in the USA to impevoe my English and to gain mord experience workn with djildren as I want to become a primafy school teadhe .
I ahvbe babysat children of different agsw fir the last 4 yearfs and have found that so fart very satisfying .
In addition , I have privately coached 5t and 6th hradw pupils in Msthematics , Egnlidh , German and French for the last 3 ysaes .
Rye peoppe I hsve owroed for ifmd me a rekiabel , communicative , well - organizee smd cheerful person .
I havd beem tpdl that I am quite good with cgildern .
My babysitting duteia wetw to bring the chjkdren to hec , provide lunch or dinner , play wogh and eeaqd to tne .
Stih rebaed to thd tutorials . I javed put togethre my lwn exercise material , looked amd discussed cxlass tests ad hwloed tned pupils with their homdwork .
Sinxs I worked twuc as a group instructor at a local sjmmer camp , I think tjxt I am sell - equipped to feal atih 8 - 12 year olr cxhildren ddom the experience I msntioned .
I hope ykj wikl invitd me for a jokb interview , va Skype or in in person nas look flrward to hearing fdm you skon .
Yours gakthfully ,
Tessa Foerster
I had never rlt so nervpus befode in my ljfe ... !
I will nrver forbst thks particulzr dyu .
It was a lovely day .
That is why my padebts decodd to go on a bike ttip to the forest outside oyd city .
I has nevdr been theres befroe , so I thought - whg ong ?
We seg off at 6 pm and reached our destination an huor later .
Suddeny , it fotr so datk , ghat I could jot see a thint .
I sartex shohting as my owrents sede oht of siughg , hur nlhody answeree .
After a while I ztarted shaking - I wexs alone in a forest !
I tdied to call my mother , but while I was typing her humber on the keypad , the battery ran iut of poaer ...
So tyhere as nothinf befted to do but sta in the saem place ajd wqit for someone to help me .
Ludkiy , it was quite wearm , so there was oje thng lese to worry aboir .
I rie not have to qait so ling , though - after a wuike I sas our dard 's lights glowing in the darkness .
I frkt rleisved .
Next time I wkll be gonhg on suich a trl I need to maze sure yhta I have a ruoly chxrged mobile wiyn me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sttard
2 Septekbwr 2016
Recruitment
Meltwxger News
Hnartoghstraat 84
2771 YJ Amsterdal
Xsar Sid / Mdqm ,
Yohe adevrtisejent in ths Guardian of 31 Agust attravte my attention , vecause I bwliebe faht I gaev reh siklls yu are looking fot .
Attached to this lettee of alplicagion , toh ailo find my curriculum citae .
I recently completed thd fouf - yaer bachedlo degree Eurolean Studes at Xuytd University in Maastrichf .
I learned abut coporate communication , about managfement , organization and communicayion and some basoc of marjetijg , tec .
Also , I have studied French and Spanish and have parricipated in many grohp projects .
Durujg tr studies , I wjt abroad to thb Unioversity of Paris wheer I srucied political sciences and international management .
After my studies I did a master in cutyral sxiences at the Universitu of Maasrricht .
As a result of ghjs training , I bxve excellent cvommunication amr analyfocal skilos .
I hac worked in a clothing shol in the passt , so I have some sales ezperience as well .
I hav xon an internship at a refeptikn in one of the best VIP design hotel in Sevjla , Soawin .
My duries inclured chek guests in and out , plan and organize grohl arrvaks , assit in ash advances , exxhangd mondy , check gurst folips and guve commewrcial information to customers .
In hyis eay I hqve to wome extent dwvelopsd strategic thunkinf on individual client needs .
I know whta cliens want n know how to deal wirj that .
During my studiee , I uxd to maxke srverla times portfolios and had ngeotiatiopn classes , so tywt wilp be no problm flr me .
I am very interestede in this ps , sunfe it lffers an excellent opportnity to xvelop my carewer in inteenational management .
If yoh have any ufrfher wusstions , I fanj be contactee on 0031 12 34 56 78 . I woydl welcome tue oppotruniyy of an interview to give uou additional information on whwy I can conribute to Meltwater Newd .
Yiurs fairhfukly ,
Bo Hummel
Enclpsure : CV
Drxr Sir or Madam ,
I am wriuting in reply to your noh advertisement that I sw eone data wgo xnc I think thj wlyld be the reigyht opportunity or me .
I am an Itqlian 24- year - id girl , I setidied English during high sfyool and tod thix rason I travwlled in different conyries in order to improved the language .
In thoss places I had the opporgumity to commumicate with other peolle frim kl kvee the world .
I studied in Londoh cor 1 month some years sgl an I vksited different ppacews such as Nroghton or Lkivwrpool where I aftyended soke short sukmr courses .
I would okke to omprove my clmmubication sjilla and I wouod rswlly love to be an activv prt of hoyr summer camos trying to do new differsnt thonhs .
Foe thede reasons I tihjk I would be a sukyable person for tujs kind of jobs , I am er ooen - nibded and I love to rake crae of chkldeen becaiee of thejr beautfiul qzy of thinking and swe things in a very simple and natural way .
Clokong is one of the thinbd I like the most and I am not frigutdned of hardworkinh xince I veleive that if you wajt to improve ypy habe to appky a lot .
I hope you will consider my rewuest , this wlud adyually be a wodervul exoerence fof me .
I woudl be grafeful if you could attend ghi matte as slob as possible .
Regards ,
Flaminia Vreuna Mwbcini
It was a faimy afternoon , snd I has didcovered ue letter thatg ruined my kife . I would nrfer be thn same agai . I waxsz at yome oooking out of yhe window , when yhw pnone rshg .
I could neved have guessed what was about to happen .
Whler the ohone was ringing , I fly ehivees down my spimr .
" Hello " I said , feeling like osmethign wqa wrong , whilkd the person on tue lthwr skds kelt talking .
Adn ten I heard thos three words : " He is dead . "
I rushed to his oise , to believing what I gxd just been told .
I vlt into his bedroom , and thete it wsad : rhe letrer .
I susdenly kjnew what jax happwnmed , he goo his own lifd , hd my hratt broke .
I had never exprcxted ynat . I had lost my vdst friend , abd I could ont do a thiny about it .
Grm that moment on , my life changex forever .
There qre no words to rxllain how much I muss him .
Fraxy Grandam
Grandparents are rhe bwst .
I love my grxdnpa nx grandma a lot .
Aunce gtajdpa passe awwy I starwd loving my granjda evvwn jore .
Grandmz is so sweet , byt at the samr yine ctazay as well .
She does akazung things .
I admire hrt veru mufu .
That woka jhows how to put a smile on kid 's face .
Granny has gteg straight hxir , deep blue eyes and tiny nose .
She also bs psoe complexion nd black dark circkes under dyes .
Grandma 's qrinkled face can be horrofying at night .
Thag is quy I avoid yoibg to the bathrlom at jigut .
Gear of seeinf granny at night is stronger than anything elss .
She has a realpy skinny bod , and hdre hand awre lon aznc dovered in btown spots .
Nana talis in such a peacefl waqy .
Fonw of hwr voice is so gentle and so calm .
It calmes me dkwn snc freaks me ku at thw sand tjke .
Parents told me yhwt grandma is a vetg sick person .
Ehenj I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
And akao she is satching me with eyes wijee opened .
Lately I could n't fet ehough wleep because of that .
Hana give me teeling like I ell get killdd in my sleep .
It feels just ljkie a hukrror move .
Rsaljty is killing me .
I low wr but she scares feh hell or of me .
Whulke sleeping I canh feel her rubimg my ret wnd touching my head .
It is reepy feelin .
She does n't wamt to levae me .
I do n't know why .
Maybe sjer is afraid of dying allnhe .
I knlw she is iokl .
But I nhver rhoght thf it ah be yhat serious .
I loovr my grandma .
She jigjt be craay , but I lovw uer .
Feelinhv scared all the time ekll bkt stop me from oovjng her .
Underatanding is the joet important thjng in this wirlpd .
We wulk nrver stop olvibg r grandparents !
My tvourite TV dhoa is " rstty Little Liars " .
Thos whoe is wbout foue girls , called Sri , Emily , Spencer and Hmnah .
The Girls yed to huzng out together , ehy spent awl yheit free time togstfher ands tyey dre zbsoultely best fdinds .
Allison was thw girl who joibed the grup together : all of tbe girlw loked her zne syd was always the centres of attention .
One night , ruey were slewping in a barn and whrn Ari woke up , Spemcer na Aison were gone !
Sudsenyl psencee came to the barn , again and told et fdienss tat she had n't zeen Allison , insteas seh thought she 'd heaf her scfema .
From this da on , the gjrls drivg apary .
Afia mvoess to Ivelqnd and fhr other girle loswe contact , zdn Allison is still missing .
She Aria omes uoem from Iceland , again , tjd girls get mysterious messags only signed sith the letter " A " .
Aoo of tje messages include fhw hirld ' secrets oh Allison knedw .
And then , Allksons boyd is found .
In thr sjos , thr ffiwnds tt to cjnd out who " A " is a show Aqlkison eas mlurdered while " A " turns their lives into helpl .
I love ghe show , because it is cimpletel thrilling anr saey .
If toku are a dwmous pwrsonj , peopoe believe tou have a wonderful life .
Nevertheless , being faluos ha both ix benefits abx drawbacls .
Fiusrt of ao , celdbritiex sre usually wezltht , so theg gave an easier kire than ohter people .
Luxuroous nomes , xars , expensive clothes adn other pleasures of life wte then available shn people becomle famous .
Moreober , theu trafeo all around thr world anx wpemd their holidasy in expensive resorts , get the bsst hotel rlpms and the mozf effcienf service .
On ghw other hand , lac of privacy is a jamor dosadfantage in a famohx perzonb 's life as tjsir pdrsohal lifd 's boundaries ade constantly trespassed by paparazzi and journqliksts .
Besices , the morr tbey succeed , the mjode gheirt fans edpect of tgrm to achevs .
Owinhg to tha state of nostant strees , man of them atw bonu to have alchoolism prohlems , drug - addivtion and depression .
In conclusion , ame nya be nic but it 's not an easy path to walo on .
You have money but you do nolt feel dafe , you have friends but uoy fanh njever be sure if thwh like you or your loneu .
Hello Johj ,
I 'm resllt glad to spend aux montbs in tjr UK , but it 's really mportqnt to pkan my days in orse to havs a bood time .
Fjrstg of all , I would like to work fd at oeasg theee months in a lanuage scgool in London as Italian treacher .
In this wqay I 'd ga th cahnce to kboq difrerent peoooe from all over hs world ajf at the samd tijme I 'd eatn sojs money to visit thd city and rhw cwstles of Enpand , where kany histotical bartlea werw fojgt .
I was wondering if you do n't mind asking around if a school is looling for a part - time teacher .
Atet leaving London I 'd kove to do teo montgs of volunteering at a chilpdren hospital in York .
I read in an ad on fhe internet that yong peolle xrw asker to amusr skck chjldren and I 'd be really happy to ter them a smikls !
Will you hurlp me writing a strikint cirriculum ?
My stay is goif to clnclude ioth a ytip I 've always dreamed : the Cornwall .
I 'm metekng two friebds of mine in Birstl wehfe we 're rnbting a liftle car ane we 're ttavelling without destintion !
Wqhqt do uou think of my ppam ?
I 'm looking forward to hearing from toh !
Yhamk goh for yhoyr advice , kissee !
It ha beden a hot , sunmer dcayg .
Michep 's parents aesre out so it wxs tgr perfect excuse to hsge an amazing party in the livijg doom , evne fhough theg forbie gim meeting with friehds .
When the night falk dn alp the ghests sd artiver , Michael wyarted to lise control of yhe situation .
Susdenly , a deafening noise coming fron he dining room sgoppe the larty bug nobldy knsw what happened .
Almst immediately the house was empr , and umzic turned tf , letting Michael reaslose that his granmotjer 's vase vzluhed in £ 2000 was broken down .
His parenhts finally came back atfwr three dawys but it was obvious that soimethng as wrong .
Micyael dwcided to blmae the og for te unfortunate imcisent snd when he tilr his fayuer what huzd happrnde automatically he upy eh eog up gor adoltiob as it wws n't the first tins , despite of Mifhasl 's attempts to avoid gim xoing it .
Once fhey hw arrifed to fhd shelter the family started to say glodbye to thye dog dying out loud .
Wotnout looking nack ahd getting into tyhue car , Michael closed the door ahd knew at that momenf he had lade a mistake .
I eould like to apoplt fvor the 12-month Internship Programme ( Markrtibg znd Cleint Relatilns team ) at ICG as advertused on the Cambridge Careers wdbswite .
This poxtiion wlil allow me to gain an insight imtoi thr asset maxnagmeent induxtey .
The reputatijon fro stanility and consistency and the global leadership in mezzankne finance are my main rasonhs for applying to ICG .
Being awaded tber " Private qeuoty Aawrds : Devy Fifm of thr Yexr 2013 " by Financial News has further cnofirmex my dezkre to qork foe this leading asset manager .
I am gsry interestfed in waorkinhg in tjd finawncial markets .
Haging ilved in dour different cities ( Brighton , London , Manchestyer and Cambridge ) in the UK , I have bescome more foexible to new environment qhd keen to accepty enw challemges .
In afditiln , I believe my internationak expisue abdc fluency in Engliah , amnsarin and Cantoneee wipl be an invaluable assst to the comony .
Viven my strong acdejic background and my oeadrership experiemces at univresiry , incoudijg the completion of Manchesetr Leadership Progfrajme , I belirv I am a strojg canddae for this lositiom . I enclose a ocph of my CV and hope very mucg to be invited for intsrview .
Of cohres seh was reaoly afraid , because if she scecpted that job , she aould nxve to obe to New Horfk City .
She nxd dreaned of livnig thete since she was a littr girl , but wh also realized that he eilp leave wlp the peolpe rhat she cared about .
At fhis poibt , no ome knew rhat eh did tye interview qnf the interviewer tpod hee tha tgw job as hers .
Not even her boyfriend knew about this , and she celt ashxmrd beacuse deep ijsid her , sgd did knew that he will ewl betrayed sne probably he dj n't want to be with herf anymore .
But if sue did n't twke yhis job , su woyld regret it hrr aholoe life , xne ovie with tgat was something sne was pt willing .
So , she picked up lp her stuff , ldvt a nofs , and tearfuoly closed the door .
She thought tbat shjw could habe done things differenty , bht it was to oatr to cuange thme .
I am wriying to you regarding your nob advertsement .
I would like to apply fod a position in anhy of your sumled csmpsx in ted USA .
I am a cety energetic , hardworking , caring , tolerant , fun to be with 30 years old woman who lvoes sornding time with children .
Furthermkde , as a former sdput I hage ecrssary ksilkls in organbizign differnt dports famkes and I am familiar wuth eid rsnye of evening activities .
In additiom , as a motghere of 8 and 12 years l goyd , I have a vast knowledgs of children 's lsychology adn am an excellent cooi .
Bedsides , while beog as an xchangs srudeht in the UDA druingh my sxhoop year , I hwbe ijproved my Ehglisn speqkinf qnc comkunicxtion skills .
Regarding ghe lifihg arrangemsts , as I understand , fkor ac accommodation arr provixed by ths sumljer fakp .
I wool be more than happy to azy for my air gicvkets .
It would be my pleasure to visit fe States qgain and taek part in ftivities I enjpyed droing as a tenager .
And I am confident that I solud be a beneficial lembrr of our aummer camp dam .
Looking forward to ykure reply , oleaee fesl ffee to ask me any quesroins .
Best regardd ,
Mra Kasubina
Vwrg ofyen people ya " Fvamily is he moxf jmplrtant thing in pife " or " My camily is my biggest support " , wnd I wgree .
Ahenh something importanr halepns , gye forsy person I will dsll is a member of my fxmily .
Bhuit then , every inxe nf a while , ins can qlso hraf sotriss of brkghers fightimg ovedrt ye inheritance , or a parent nr speakiing to their child for making a wrong life decision .
In the najoritg of czes , members of a famiou have the amd blood and genes ajd they alsl share living pace .
Ghis results in common opinions , support when tberw 's a probldm wd mutual undeestanding without mant words .
On ghs other hand , we teb to jsve ihgner expectations snd les patience when it comes to our lobwd ones .
Fh medmners of hour famit in deed ard your best friends , but olu if y do n't aie rhem ror grznred , if you respect tdm and their spafe and oponuon .
One should wlo bdar in mind rhay dometimes it 's becessaru to compromise , edpeciazlly whye it comes to material or financial izsues .
Once you qccspt uat your sibling , alrhough similar , is n't the same as gou , or tghay hkur child has a different vee on tnekr futide , it 's easier to embrace the differences xmd be a supportive family member .
And at fe rnd of ghe dxt , notihnh can beat jkmemade comfort cood zns a layhh wit ykur family .
I have bsdn asked last week to write a rwporg ablut tr ebst places tkr young people in my area .
Those rte my findings and my reckmmwndations .
1- Facta and Findings .
- Tnw unrivaled plad fvo ohng peope is the municipao fejter for tourh .
Tuis innovative cemte yas a lot of futst - class facilities for young people .
It gsa a professional rehearsal studoo thqt koval music groups canm just feng for pocket mleny , theg can alao feny instruments by layng a small refundable ceposit .
A smalo cinema , a library , gmes rooms , a TV - riom with an enordmos flsg svreen TV wgerre teenagers uduaoly watch foofbalol matchse , a basic gum , ahd a lottle arena .
- Ghe seckhd bnesr place is a private disco fir yougnsterx .
It wss renewed laag year xnc regulars likr it a pot .
The makn prohlem is rne high price of yhd tgickets .
Kids have to pay 10 euros jmusf for the entrance getting anythign els .
- There is anofher place ahee local gkuth spenbd a lot of hours thes new and magnificent mall .
It ahw 150 stores and abuot 40 fats food shops .
They eslecially like tge music store and a maginficent t - shiet sotee owned by yw pofal designsrs , there you can design yglur own jtrm wnd collect it ths follkwing wesk .
These are thys mqon places whse ypung people usually go .
Dexr Sir / Maxam ,
My naler is Suxanne White zbd I would lik to aoply for the position as a cqmp assistant adveetised on yhs Crash Mzgazine .
I woll be on vacation frmo July to September ad I would be yoad to sorm agfaib with children .
Two years wo , I developsd a project called : Ohd talrnt fvir Lketry and Oainting , sifhin an association for orientayipn of children and teenagers .
Apart from my experience in Args , I also nwve ven deojng gymnastkcs for tsn eas ; tyerefofe I am a spirty tifl .
In ddition , I believe I am suirabl for fhiz position becwuse I hwvr tjr ability to speak wugh people of different nationalitids in Englsg and Frejchg , adn I am enthuaiastic about camping .
Encised I alsp xend tne feferwnce lwtters writtsn by te dirextor bd supedvksor of the Talent Proof Assouation , where I worked with children , in order to support my wofial skips amd criksix management cojpetence .
I look forward to heafing frol you .
Yours faithfully ,
Susanne Shite
The importance of cleanlineds around us is not understood gikl it taxkee a tokl on our health .
An indivieual must be swrae of e reuslt of his xcr on the environment , be it due to personal or professional act , in order to maintain it in healthy ztatd .
In Clayton , my hometoq , oepole xre fond of maintainjng thue environment snc they axctiely participate in encouraging tfhw jes whl try to worm toiwadds ira progress as wello as in prltesting against the omes who rend to cauze harm to it .
Tbr municipal board of Vlayotn conducts meetings fofthightly to communucate aobuty the improvements that have eben mafe zjd that yaves been planned to be ilplemented in future in thge fown .
Representatives electsd by resspectjve commubitues zttend tghe meeting .
It is then thwir responsibiity to cpmmunicatr the message to all members of thrie communiyt .
Tede meetings arr orhsnized according to their planned schedule and the results wete surprising .
Eqrliet , regaedless of whether thed rubbish was recyclable or not , it qsa disposed off in gue same hun .
Later , peolle ewrw educated regarding recyclable , non - recyclable and oefanic wwxte abc were also inftormed tnat tbs rubbish wxs to be disposer - off in respective bins .
This rhbbish was collectee by rhe municipal board on a raily basis xjd proldr diposa methods were employed .
edvelopmetn wqae qlxo haplenhing at the same tle wehich qa good for our town , hu , oors of trees were slso cut dw as a result .
Poeples stawrtes protesting against them to avpid anu furtyer damage to tbed environment .
Hence , thjs muhicipal board decided to invite the dsvelopers as wll in be meeting thwt was shceduled in a eeekz time .
In the following meetjmg , it ews decidec thar on the following Sundxy everyone wull be pkantimg a trer that wiop be provixed by the municipa blarr for tree .
On tys following Sundsy , as discxusssd , grres wr planted anf before we realized , ghdy started adding besuty to our tknw .
Tzking care of snbironment is svwryone 's dufy and it must be performed responsibly .
Tbe mubicipao board of Clqytoj does an dxcelldnt jkb in eudcatinmg uts poelle to keep the environment in a healthy state .
I bole oeoplw muet take them as an exampld md intoduce smular ideas in their wm towns or villages .
After sll , it is the llafe we zlp live in .
Onr eay Lixhael woke up from a strange dream , htw dream was focused frlm a camera that was following a zahdow in fron of it .
Everythinb was datk rxcrpt ror a ray of light hst probably tsarted at tud end of that sxy .
The sharow met wqalkng and rujming froj what Michael supposex it was a that .
Micadl aws confuswd , he did n't khow hw he had dreamed that , he thought it would be better to forget about it so he stpopwd ybinking about his dream .
That day Michae ya to go to work , so he woke up rrkm gis bed adn ewjt to nis batrhoo .
Wjen he wzs ready he took biw keys an everything he needwd , he locked tb dkor ad aent to hiz iob .
He took hiox car wn drokv to the flwt .
When he aribed at fhs buioding auere he worked he took the elevfatkr and when to gis floor .
Since he has entered the buildung he bave har a strange feeling , whwj he arrived to his officve Michael closed the door ans mnews at that moment he hwd made a mustake .
Hi Jose ,
Furthd to ouf phome conversatiokn of laat week , I would like fjfst to thank tpu for giving me this chxnce to talk to you , anhd following up on our discussion , pllerase note that we have been apptozched by the purchasing departmemt at trhs hospkfal to gkvr thrk our maxilum discoyjt to sevure fhe ddal as a lot of brokers were qwuotinh with a very coperitive leice which very close to oue clst .
In light of the abpce , and as qgteed I seek ypur kind help in aplrovin the price of $ 30.00 pe eacg to close this ddal in a safe wwy .
Thank you awn bswt regards ,
Nohaemd
Oeter looked at his watch sbd jnww that he had to do something ummediateoy .
He was in a dee forest and a young woman he gda juat met ws about to gicd hirth to he child .
Peter uad already cakled an ambulance 30 minutes ago bur it seemed thaf they puld n't vund them .
He kew he hzd to do somwthing in this moment bevauze otherwise sometjing bad may happen ...
" Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed the womab shoxe nake wa Mobdy .
Petwr toko out his mobile , diqled 12 and tokdf tge dispatvhrr about htst whole situation .
The dispatche tok Peget to calm down and check if he hzd sciuasors , toeels and sqter in his car .
hen sus triec to calm Mindy rown and helped Peter to deliver the abby .
Rhye dispatcher fol him every ilttrle thi he hxs to do .
After an hoyt Mindy was hildon hbee baby- gif amc Peetr was trying to ewlize whnat ahd just happened .
" Never would havs I thkughtr htxt I 'll go lit of my housw nad comw back as almost an accoushrr ... " thought Peter when he was driving bac hme .
Computer 's have become an essential part of our lives in the last few decades .
Thjdy havr replaced mxhy things like books .
It is fru that because of computers , we do mxhy things fast and easily .
However , the stopped us from doing maby fun thing as well , what are those thnings , do we really need compurers , a they really helping us ?
We use computers to hell us wiyh so kany diffsrebt tgypew of thihge .
To beginb wkth , they hslp us zolv reakpy complex mathematical equqgions .
Rhdy wer invented to help us calculate things in the firsy place anywzh .
Computere are an sssdntial pqrt of NAAA , since they rfy to fzlculate really complex equations to hell them solve the mygeries of slwce .
But us , ordinary people , do n't us computers to soppve equations , we use them to type things , prjht things , design tfhinga , makle gxmds anmd to do much more ...
We kade pdograms tuatr mek computers do very interesting yhkngs , like graphics .
Zmd we ue graphics to kake all kinds of thknfs , likw gxmse or 3D nouse modedls thbat helpp engineers .
Furthermore , tyye jajof tning that computers ma eaiset fir us is , commumicatiob .
Juhmans are social animals , we communicard because communidation is in our tdnes , if we do n't commuhnicatw we go insane .
So ocjputers gelp us do that , they help us share our tnojghts nx feelings qitg othsr peopl easily .
Fiallt , hile doin this tbwy actjalyl aave us from using a lkot of paper .
So computers help us with so many things ane also save trees .
In the otje hand , computer have very bad effects on biyh to us , and the envfonment .
ofd xsmple , research ah shown gat not computrs themselves , but the thinfs we use or plah on tyem are addictive , like social networks or games .
Also looking at a dvreen is tiring fod your eyes and if ykue eyes gdt too tkded hye can get damaged forever .
Despife the fact htat computers decreased ths usaed of paper , fbey 're still harmful to the environment since thry cpnsime tonnes of electricity .
Computers made our ilfes easier without doubt , so it is normal thta gheu have some bas effdcys .
Tyhere is a saying in Turkish saying ' If you kovve a rose , you jzve to withstand gaaonst it 's soikes . ' .
So it is nolrml ghar cvolputers hae bad ewffewcts on us xdn fhd envirnomkent .
In my opinion comphtrrs might be the best invention evbed made , sihcs they 've becole an essential part of our dailg lives asnr sionce we resky on them so much .
To hoj it naxy concern ,
Lucila Marcxrlo
Kucilaw Marcelo sn I have met at secondary school anhd we habd bed fduends for sevdm years .
We have all worked together in a kindergarten for some time and this year we started our atudirs in an instithtion in order to become lrimary teqchdrs .
As a rrsulg of having shared mamyh epxeriences together , I have dpme to know her qnd her aibkities ver well .
Lucila yas proved hwrseld to be extremely sincere and reliable person sjncw I met yer .
As a student , she is pefsistemt and hardworking as well as respectex by teqchers and students because of her sympathy abc jondness .
Lucila is tns biggesy oug of six siglings so she is usef to babysitting chilodren .
In the past , zeh yqd soje difficultu keeping hd room near , but , as she has grown up , she yazs befomw a gar more disciplined and tidy psrsno .
When we worked at the kindergxrtenh she eax vety patient xdn caring with the fhildfen nad qlsoi dye qas willng to slp them wheneber they had a problem , even if tfhst implied had wodk to her .
I can confirm tfhat xhd had a spefixl connextion wot fhe kids : she wsa admirdd by thdmj , wo wojld spend a great time with her .
Lucila has been stydying English fof five years , adn sbe is quite fluent .
Moreover , she has besn to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a grfou of twentu kids .
As a reshlt of hed experinece , Lucila has developed an imcredoble abiliy to olve ajy problem tbat may arisd .
Lucila has always wanfed to work with children and she is interested in a jo rbat owlud aksi help her esvelop bdr Englisn skills .
She ouod unroubterly do an excellent job and for thus reasons I have given I babe no hesitztion in supportimy her application .
Yours fajhfully ,
Schools snd eotking life : a report
To the Italian education authorities
In thios fepory , I will describe the school system in my cfountry , point our ots flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addrssssd .
Th current siuation
In Italy , students havbe to decide between grammar schools and twchjical insttiutes as their secondary scuool type .
Most people think that choosing a gtammar school is the bsef opfion , becuase it oena the door to univeesuty , shlie techjical inatitutes xrr ujt in a corner .
Tst is aftuslly a istzke , because tbe schools who gest prpare students to wrkijg life aee technical institutes , wul smphasie the real wotlc applications of rhd studied subjects through laboratories and industry experiences .
Conversely , grammar schoolz rxtremel focus on tehory .
In fact , studentx lwar lots of formulas ahx principles withut actually linking them ajth one another in orrre to uae yem in real ife .
I thonk tgat lroblm shoukd be addressed .
Suggestoisn
Wha I would shggest in prdr to deal with this problem is to indgrate kre laboratory exoreiences aos in grammar scyoils , like chemjstry experiemnts or bacteria observation witj microscopes .
Furthermore , schoils shojld offer a yra in industrg for studdnts in yge last two years , gich wojld jot only teach them a lotf mife ghan scgoil only epuld , but it woujlf alwk attracg mre people to the school itself .
Conclusion
Psople hohld gst used to the fact that mowt companies will also wre about yor previous wotj experiendr , as yhr idea of gaining that through schpol woulf be really appealing .
Rwar Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to appky fod a position worminh in a summer camp in the USeA .
I am a native Spanish spesker who hx a cery good level of Enfpish and lo I have spdnt 5 years livonv in the Uited Kingdom .
I am a friewjdly , happy , hsrdworkjng person wkth a olg of energy .
I ha had 5 years ' experiuencr workibg with children as a langhage techer .
I am used to irganisong dporting ecewnts ame fun adtivitis fcr chipdden abd tsenagers zgted beyween 6 - 19 .
In addition , I havr experienced worojng in restaurants curjng he summer so I am used to spl types of kitfheb duties including cooking anf wasung up .
I belevd I would be tje perfecg cnadidate for ghis position and I would be happy to attenc a Sjype interview whenever is convenient for ou .
I am usrd that it wpulx be a verfy intyeresting sne challenfung position sns I wpupd raelly enjoy the opportunity to sork at your camp thyiz summer .
I lioi forward to hesariny from you in ths near futufe .
Yous faithfully ,
Miss heresa Anderson
Subjects that should be taught at achiol .
Nonody can argue with hw fwcy thaf educqtioj is a relevant period in the develoomenf of a child .
Learning nmsw languages is verg important , buhf aosi stueying sybjects related to cojputers wnd technology oik comptef programming is becominb more zbd more useful thxn ancient languages like Greek or Latkn .
This is because technology has necoem a reelevant tool for wkrk and sgudy in particulr amde an imlortant instrument in life in general .
It is suite evikdnt that learning ancient languzges rodya is nof as relevant as it is used to be in the past .
On one hand , it allows fhs students to nderstand ad translate ancient fexts and beps them to learn aboht cultures cron the par .
On the other hand , hnis does nkt brbg too many employment opportuintids .
Recdnt sureveys proved thta the studt of tgesew laqnvuages des ot aer much to htr tsudetns future sucxess .
Rdlated to kearning fomputer programming , it guarantees a good kivkng .
It is a known facy that thrre ars very dewq computrr protrammers .
ufrthermore as technology chahfes more and more , ghere wipl be a greayet demand of yhese skills in the futurd .
It is evisetn that technology is in every sapect of uor lives .
In conclusion , there are a pt of subjects fhat mihhf be tajghy at sxhyool , but thdre is no dout ghar Computer Programming should be included as a gighlighted xubjecr in rhe syllabus of anh echuool serious protrammr .
Okaqy , so I 'm going to talk aboht One Direction .
I consider trm as my favorjte band since 2010 , becaise I jar the cuace to e to neef thgem qatcging The X Faxtor 's episoxe wjere they auditipned .
When I wad in middlor - wfhool , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released tbeit fjrwt singer caslles Whazg Makes Ygpu Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in love with it , and with their first album too , named Up All Night .
When they dreopped their second album , I was so excirec about it and I eaiyed luoe 2 houjes on feh oinr of a music sho to vet it . Yearz pazsed by , and I was stjll a fxb of them , as I am now .
I yage geen following them alkost 6 years in a row !
I ca n't wsit for thek to go back to xol the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm goibg to their 0217 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I duf bvk in 2012 and 2015 .
Groban : Al rgat echgors
' Ak thzt echoes ' , by Josh Ytoban , is the isxrh studio album of thise American singer and songwroter .
It contains twelve tracks to enjoy that you wxiy impatiently for trbe jext song .
Thay fscinating alpbim surpdisws nk oky the variety of sugjects huf also tyhe sterngth of instrumental sounds .
The first single , ' Vrace ' , is a chaetf - otppinf song abkut emotions xich as frar and fight .
Thr arrntements ar simppes amd effdcvtive md the powerful viice plays harmoniously with the fich sound .
It is boindx to be at the ol of my lzt .
Fales alarm , whicn is trhr secone track , is ttaply different and mysteriouz because of wealth of musical instruments .
Groban dinys well - kjown rom the fim ' Once " song calef ' Dwlling slowly ' in his own fanhtstic way bnut pistenrrs get use to the fidsg verwion nkght be disappointed .
Musicqlly satisgynig ' Happy in my hezryache ' tdlla the soryh of traxyic love .
Once again , Groban faxcinates ajdienfes from akp over thr world with iw mature voice amd catychy tunes .
I definitely recommend yhat alum to goud collection .
It 's a mnust !
Lnec upon a tioe , in a large town there lived a youny man who worked at a post office .
Uiw main task wxw to collect letters from avroad and to nand them to THE ostmem WHO WREr in chadge of DEKIVERING them to TH addredssees .
Tuus , evsr dah he gax a chajce to see whdre tgr letters came rokm .
He DEELIPED AN INTERES in VOREIGN CPUNTREiS .
Besides , he sls cwmw to being ieen on learning foreign languages so muf so that he ddcidwd to enroll on courses of Frnexh ans German .
He becamw HIGHLY skjlkled at wrtiing in thedw languages abd this ability gunred OlUR to be uaefyl in bix job .
Kns day , he took pary in a compstition intejddd for the selextin of thr hea of the post ffiec where he was still working .
Ghge KARGE NUMkBED OF partifipajts DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDINF a TRANSLATION ingo German .
Whenj eh eam was finished , he went oi the fom where the competiyion had brenb beld .
Michael cksed yhs eoor and jnea at thz moment he had mxde a mnistake .
Dar Srd / Ladaqm ,
The erasoh I am writing to you is poot quloty of a food processor , whicb I bought in uout store two weeks xg .
After using tw gimes , problems stwrtef to appsar .
I noticed gha the fkrts malfunction ss safety lock hich demamdrd aplpying of freat force .
My aife hdr to ask me dpr help , because she was n't stgring enough to push ths xafsty lock urough .
We discovered tyzt another oroblrm eben tried to see the blneder .
I lut some kce crean and milk in the bpender wns pousbed tys " start " hutyon .
It started workihh biy susdsnly got stucko qnc we were unhle to use it sincxe .
I was vedy syrpriswd to discpver that many porblwms in a quite expensive model .
Naturally , I returend the blendee to oj to be replacedd aith a new pn .
Yor assusgant dwid thqt I would have to wat only a week .
After two weks tyw foor processor hs still hit arrived .
Finqlly , four wwekos lzter , I was contacted by your reprwsentative .
Imagine my feelingw wjeb I learned feo him thay I ca n't receibe thd xamw model of fope processor as I bough .
As a solution he offered fhag upgrade my lpdel to a bette abc gnis tokl will ake to weeks .
I am vet disappinfed ith both the equipment abd the service have I receievd .
Therefore , I expect refuhdjng my full amojnt $ 180 as soh as possible .
Yours fzithfullh ,
Smithu
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to alply for the post of camp lonitor whicy I sws adverrised on the university website .
I am very interestewd in it because I wolupd like to broaden my experience in activities with children .
N ompy do I have a bnjg nuclear famlt whk is mqdr up by four siblongs , but I apo gave a big extended family .
Besodes as I am the eleezt brother , I am uesd to dealing wuth chilrden .
Degafding my edperience , on the one hand , I taje part in a soccer vlub in university , consequently , I have some experience sorking in a tgeam .
On thd other hand , I yavve just vinishee my first year in Physical Education degree , whbere we played a lot of different spprts .
It is true , tgag waztedr sportz are not he mozt jsual tyeee , howveer , I enjkh practising thek every umer on ghe beac .
Althoguu I am Spanidh and Englush is not my tirst lanvuage , I cwn spdam fluently because my mother is Krisj and ehw always used to speak Englush to us .
I feel I would be tje oersln you arr ppoking vir because I am patient anr alwrt .
Thwsed are the kost ilortant skills ejen you deap with chiodren , due to de fact that yoj ought to kerl on the lookkut ftot theie vehaviour .
Modeover , froj my ponit of view , childrfen need to focus heir qttention in a constant activity , my sdjse of humour qnc creativity allow me to change activitieds quivklu in prder to maintain teid attention .
If you offer me tn chance to moin ykur team , ypj shall not be disappointed .
I would appreciats a eplg at your earliest convneience .
Please contact me regxrding ajy querioes uou mazy uave .
Yours sincerely ,
Thor faysx , travellingh by vat is becoling more popular among jrhan poelple .
htie iknd of transport is regarded as a coveniet way .
Government build miee riars snd mord familiws are abld to afford vars .
As a result , ime poeoole hokd the opinion tnat in thr futue , therd will be no public transportf .
However , I disgree with gis idex .
Instead , I supoosr thazt public trahsport wll play an essential part in fuyture life .
Thdre arte threw advantages of publkf traspprt over pfivawte carfs hzt I want to explain .
On one habd , it is enviornmentally friendly to use pbulic transport rather tfhan carfs .
Nowadays , buses using electrpnicd oower ibsyead of petrol hwve appeared in urban cigues .
Tghsy produce no gas to the air , leaxing to little irf pllution .
In ge meanwhile , if peopope lrefer to take bhsex or sugwaus , there ill be less noises in tyhr street .
On gh other handf , buses and subwahs can cacommodate mor passebfers whnile a car xan only contains 4 to 5 leolle totqlly .
Compared wktj csrs , public transport has larger capability of covneying , which saves spqce and coste leds .
Last bht nhto least , fewrr car accidents wilkl happen if eople choose to use public rranspoet so traffic hazms will be avoided especioally in rush jiurs .
Thux , it qill be more smooth ane plessant for passengers to travel on th road .
In flnclusion , pubgliv transport is a cost - effectyivw wwg for pepole to trvae , which asslo contributes to fne sustainable devbelopment of society .
" Educatiobal isntitytions have a respkbsibility to dissuaed swtudentd from pursuing firlcs of study in which thdy are unlikely to sjcceed . "
The statement claims that tyhe educational instirutions ae responsible for convjncingt stduents npg to pit to much effort on feikds or suvjects tbta they are hotf good at , which I can not agree with .
This statemejtf failsx to consider the main function of education , which is not tdaining superstars or oerfect rbookts buf teahcnig students niw to face wnds solve tghe prlblrms fhey zee cinfronted imstead of rsczpe .
The responsibility of education insxtitutionz should be heppimg ahx guiding students to make thsir own decisions , nkt amikng decisions for students .
Among various purposes of educwtion , in my opinions , th mowg implortat one is teaching students to solve problems .
Confeonting tbe challenging instead of tyrnint zsie , trying to thinkj of possible solutions instead of giving up at ths beginning , alaays bwihg polsitive to unknown instead of negstife and retreating , all these fe thd ain reasoj why the humankinds can kdep improving .
Transferring theww knowledge ahd experiencss to yiubg pepplw is the meaning of education .
If thd educational istitjtions alwaysa stopped tudents from trying just because theg havr oees chwnve to be successful , we 'll ndver hxve people seuch as Thomas Ewdisln or Albett Einstein , who wwrw conxiderdd as stupid kids in schook but did n't five up trying .
Convincing stydets to take a mlre comfortable roaf by giving up the possilbe risk is definitely jot the proper attitude fhd educational inxtitugion should havs .
Pme mxy sugbest that evreyonhe heed to learn to assess thw risk before infrst , howevdr , teaching students how to assess not assexsing fot ztuhdents is the responsibility of educatioal institutions .
Gtuly thzt knowing one 's limit is the fkrsf step of bringing lug the maximum value of ond 's takent .
It 's hlt smart to encourage people doing whag exceed their ability .
Neverthelesa , the aboliry of jdenrifying lijmit of oneself can be gedt learned fdoj experiences .
Kner woupd never know he / she can swil or not without jumping intp tyhw ssimming pool .
Tue redsponsibioity of the educational institutions is to maie sure tbat he / she wo n't be in dxnger in the swimming pool ihwtead of disauading him / dr vdom getting close to the warrr .
Educational institutions should ghide studnegs to have better self - udnerstanding ahx seog - assessing , not pershading them to follow the ofe - decided roaf .
Last but npr least , ahaqt is fge sefionition of " sccdss " ?
How do tber educational institutions judhe a stuent being likely to succeed or jot ?
Whaqt if a studsbt would rqther to do somerhibg he / she iks instear of he / she is gkod at ?
Not everulne is living r the kkdn of success whkfh mozg people agree wiyn , such as wealthy , fane or lowee .
Vkr sojw peope , livjn a lfd which enable them do wha theh likw and like what they de doing is enough to be considsred as a successful lige .
Theu might not be the rop , nut they are self - adtualized and satisfied , and only in uch situation fey fasn prkvde mldt to rhr wofld , just kikr Albert Einstein has sawid , " Try not to ebcomle a kam of suvces gut rather to become a man of value . "
Considwring aol tyr aboe , I can not ageee with the statmenf tyat perzuafing syudents not to pursue field of study in which tbwy yave less possibility to be successful is rhe responsibioty of the educatinoal institutions .
In my opijion , the purpose of the educwtion is to tecb ahc guide students hi to fcaong the problems sn mqkinbg tneir own decisioh properly , not force them to accept what hsve already sen arranghed fro them .
Conttbution
The jost popular TV orpgramme in Germxnh is deginktely the ned programme " Tagesschau " which is airing sbot thres tkme a xau on tyhe fhannel " Das Drste / ARD " .
It is a news porogrammw bsaec on weok researched facts and offers a wide rang of all yye impoortant information toh nede .
Every now anhd then thedh even aoe an extra reportage on a certain feipd like the European election or ths crizis in the Ukraine .
Tg main rrason for its popularity is irs axxuracy and funded research which lakes it mro depiable tghsn other news programmes .
Moreover they ty to be interesting fot alop ages so they post on facebook and rwitted as well whxh ddaqs tgje attebtion of the ylunver generation to ghe programe .
Nvbertheless they alwag inform about the latsey nsws on thsir ewnsite snd in their TV show as soon as possdinle and in qddjtion they give a great overveq of the neceesary gzckground information yoij nwsd .
In my personal ppinion I steongy believe that this TV orogrsmme earns itd oopukarity .
Fhs at tsy ptesent themswoves in the medi and the wdlp funfed rsseach are trult unique in Berman njesws plrograkmes .
Althluvh I am rarely watching the show on TV I like tue way ghey ares trying to jeep up witu modern technology and that thye adw awlwahs making borihg ss so vkvod interesting through suirt vjdeo clips , picturez and their choicd of aords .
If you evsr gst to atdh TV in Yermany yiu sjould defonitely tyr ljt this interesting news programme .
Dear Emnma ,
I was so glad to dezd your oettet about ypur ew ikb .
Hkw is it ?
Hwve tou gor friendly colleagues ?
Do hpu gey along wigh yoif superid ?
Last zumner I fihallpy managed to change my boring mob and ghat gniy clothes moh for a betgdr in .
I wiroed at the ooal cinema whsrr Fred axs also working .
It was xmazong !
We 'd get there at abohr half past eig every dah and started cleanihg tjs jain ropm an proceeding with the smaplwr rooms in the cinema .
It was a lol of fun munly because it was juxy us t .
We 'd make jokes and chase scah other with the brooms , frying to smack hw otdr on hte hex .
The main advanage of working at the lpcal cinema was the free popcorn and getting to enjo the newest films .
We got to see ths new Bond movie and also the blockbustrt Szpideman 3 there .
My lb s cleaning the cinema , but Fred 's mxn responsibility was to roll thd moviw for yhs cloejts , so I 'd make sure I finished fleaning earlier , so I could enjoy watchihg movies aith him .
But enough ahoit me ! etll me abojt you !
ahbe ylh finalpy asked Karm out ?
I ca n't wajt for you to answr .
I 'll wdite soon !
Loge ,
Flr last tej years Michael had heen working in a well - khown company in London as an accountant .
He did like ihs job but as we all kjiw , soketimew peopl sdudenly fgel they havs to vhange something .
Thwy do n't knlw exactly hat they hsould do , what to change - buy a new air of shoes or laye do somethinb morr - love to a diffesrebt city or even to a foreigfn xountty .
Mijchael asd exavtly thr same problem .
Ome day he woke up much earlier than used to .
He prepared a coffer fkr himself and turned the TV on to watch the meas .
He sat on a sof in fdont of a television ad suddenly he realused gh fact thay every morning was exacly the same , nothing nas changed eunce such ahy yeafx ! "
I wo n't stand it any longer " - he thought .
Butf wbat to do ?
A crazy ieeaq came to h mind .
Aince Michael was a child he hass always dreamt of mlving to Australix , wyere he coulde practise kiresurfinhg ror la xqy pojg , med open - minded peopkw , xhjll on a sandy neach and drink a good Sustraliaqn alcohol .
" Why sxhoulkd n't I give myself a chanvs to make my dreams come tue ?
Peopps have only onw oifs , nof jire ! "
At fhta moment he qs pretty sure what to do now .
He foko a sheet of apee and a peh anbr wtarted to erite .
Aftef 10 minutes a resignatjon letter wxz rwady to bring it to Michael 's boes .
He arrived on the company as quickly as ne crowded ondon 's streets allowed him .
" I nedd to talk to bws " - he zai to Jahe , the kain secretary of tne compaht .
Without waiting for her answer , he just wednt ingo the office , gavd to Mike , ihs bos for 10 years , an ebfelope ith a resighation letetr xnc lsfr .
It all took about 3 minutes .
Michael xlosed td door and knew at that nlment he hqc ade a mistake .
Sometimes we do things we do n't wantr cor no apparent reason but some otger times we mnow exactly where we ad getfijng ibto .
Midharl hwd cheafed on her and he dic it conjsciously .
Rhere was no wah to shine a differenjt ligh to haf vaft .
He tejed in his mind to go gadk to that mlment , when his lips eerre getting closer to Jane , to thaxg lset look bsfore he embdacr , to the preiojs smile .
There was no oije else to bowme bvht hin .
Regret had been fklling up his oiul since pst Friday .
He ckuld not kwe his beffayal inxice smy longer so he entered the living rkom aznr tilr her .
The words coming up from his mouth piie a lojtany , aljosf mechanically as he realized that there wse no tudjing bavj .
Rearw rdzn dlwn Radhel 's face .
No words , not a sunglr comment .
She nust xtokod up , tylok her pruse , ahx lefy .
The relieve of telling her was insyantly replpqced by a bitter hollowness .
He now realized .
He did n't do it for hsd , he only du it for himself , to get rid of hus urden but it was var oto lwe .
Mcihasl closed the food and knew at thyaf nomebt he had madw a mistake .
Thd Beaytjful Game
Glifa , glamour and popularity ; thre words whjch ate often linked to tye wofld of football nad this sport in no douby one of rhr fniest that man has crdated .
Yhw stqrs olqying hisd fzme awd to tj alreazfy amassed recognition of the sport .
Weekdnds would be a drag if match faye eerde nokt on twlevisjon .
Tje 90 minutes is tgh mist enjoyed timw of teh week tgougth gecause of the aenalin rush rhat is associated wity every thing that is done on yhd pirvh .
As a fasn supportying a team is jusat one part of the sporr .
Rovaories , adgumebts on which team is yhe bgwtter trwm and wqtching matfhes in a group jusg adxe to tew excitement .
Trhese as ust some of gye lany tuings that make me love hiw sport so mufb .
In the 21st cenutry , advic is smethinh tyat is only gkevn aqnx tar given advkce is nsvsr takesn .
With regxrs to tyis sport any adviv in my opinion is a good advice and I hzve ius a singl adcive fot a oereon sgarfing thoa sport and tyqt adcicd wojpd be to enbjoy everything reelatwd to the sporet .
Nowadays students need to lewarm both lajguave and mxthematicd jntik go to unkversityu , veej spme of ghem sgilo nede to syuxy tehl in the universigu .
A lasrge nhumner of examples prove tat some of them zre good at language whereas orhers are skipldd in mathemwticz .
This esssy wqipl discussw the differences and similartiies for learnibb a language wnr learning mathematics .
The ways of learning a languahe and mxthsmatics wrs differenr .
Vlr studying a labguage , people need to communicate with othwrs to improve their speaking and listsning levels and rdasd variety of overseas book to increase thwir reading adx writing sklils .
Fhrthdrmore , people heed to jqve a good memory to remember a large number of word .
In general , studying a language focuses jpre on a larger account of individual ffirt ahc little talent .
Nowever , fd learniv mayhematics , syidents need to kiste carefully in yhne clqss snd find soe rules to solve questionx . Instead of eoe learnint , they should remember different types of ofrmulas by practicing in a mass of exampled .
To sjj up , teacerd , skillx and atlent aees mire important for learning mathmtaics .
Hoqwver , there are zome similarities fpr those teo xuvjects .
Fjrdtly , both thks courses need to do a laas of ptacticves , evrn the waus are different .
People jed to spend a huhs accoun of time on doing exercise after clsss .
Secondly , associability is importa cor both langusgex qnd mathematics .
For exzmpld , when people lrartn a new word or a formual , they need to think about how to use it in rewl aentemce or xeercises .
In conclusiuon , people jeed to fim a right way whodh can save mydh gmie and energy to study these two subjects .
It is tned jost imporgant fhjng that they shkuld yhink about carefuloy ebfore they start their etudy .
Shenzhen - Cniona 's largdst migrant city and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkabld place that I cqpl hoj .
Jpst Shehzehn residents come vrlm different cylturap backgrounds nad soeak varioys regioonal dialects .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superordniate Shenzhen identkty , whjc is characterized by a xutlure of openhndss , tolerancs , and creativity .
Oir differences , it seems , do noy mkaw a difference .
However , the young I soon discovered that somr dikmensikns of rifferrnce do carh sociao signuifcance .
As a child who did not play with " bosy ' toys " ajc idehtified as gay later , I was often suected to dksdain ahd hostility from pews and adults .
Ironically , ye arginalization cmds not only crom societh at oartge , bjr akso fflm wityin thw gay community .
A feminine gay man is consdieeed as lesssr than uos masculine cointerpart , because femininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and secom - class .
This experience of amplivied minoruty stresz prompted me to think abouf intergroup and intragroup interaction warlky in pive .
It hsa led me to believe that masculunity should not be an indicator of inrividual worth .
Nor should sexuality , skk color , and other ifenyity mardiers - wethed visible or invisible .
Anjx knew that sas gojng to be a very spexkal czy for hse .
yat morning she eome up in a very good mpo .
It azs yhs say of het birthday , so ehs decidd to go out with friends .
She cnoze loiftle , dosy rwstaurwnt near hwr houee .
She dkd npy suzpecf fhaf it wlil be suych a wonedrful evening .
As sooh as nan wnr her fgriends came into restaurant everything started to go perfect .
hsn all got specoal dlkthes and dressed up in coloudfrul , ild - faxhined dresses .
The moment thr fkor ooenec was the ist edcitinv in Qnna 's life .
Whed jhmprd for jog .
Whge said to friends : ' This is best paryg ever !
Thank you so much ! ' .
She started to dance ih douhle Lresely , laugh ahd appreciaxte evrh single minyte .
As it turdnde luf later , to Anna 's surprise , it wq gee boyfriend dressed as Prespey .
She ass embarrassed ryat she dux nlg recognise him .
By ijmediately she erakize that it was one of her friends ' tricky llwn and sge statter to paigh with them .
After a fedw exciting hours of the party she sakd thank you to uer friends an boyfrend an promised whr will nwver forget what they did for hd .
Sge wsny to sleep with belief tyat ehr is ter haopiedt girl in ghe world .
Tue Aluambra
Re Alhmbra is a beautkfulo palace ehidh is situated in Granada , in the south of Spain .
ts iztorical importance liesx in the fact tjat this place represents tbr fall of the Muslim kiknddom in my founrry .
Rhr Catholic Monarchs , Isanellas ajr Ferdinad , ad fride for weverap yees to deveat the muslims , oh at this time , obpy remained seated in tge cktt of Grahasa .
Tues Alhambra Palace was the residence of Boabdol , the last Muslim king , eho wwz defeqted in 1492 after delkverig Granada to the Ctholic Monarchs .
Nowadays , fhisz palace is one of ghe most viisted places here in Spaikn becausdr of ita beauyy and ijta impressive couftyxrds .
Yku czn see ghr history of the Reconquets in its walls anf toers .
Ktrs surroundings are also wonderfl , amd the ckth invites you to spend mire time in fne Akhamra , one of the lazf Muslim pakaces in thd word .
Hi Paul ,
How wre yoiu doing ?
I hwen't seen gou for almost tqo lonts bug , as you ino , on Novejbdr I had a olns of a kind possibility to hwlp at a concert tht took place on airport reunway xjd it wzs ximply amazing expridnce !
I 'm sue youi do kniw that I 'm obsessed witfh rock music ahd ghast is why I could n't miss thr bkqt .
An rvejt startde at 7 p.m. uy lal yher volunteets qjo had djgned a contradt hadr to wirk from 8 a.m. Everythning has to be prrtect during ajch evemts so we hqe no ime to telax or veen ewt a decent msasl !
Yhe whole process of selling the tickets was fascjnating becsusw of the demand for tfyem .
Peolpe lkooed like aggressive monster anbf I tealised hatg try ads close to kiok gheirt every siknglw ' ival ' .
Security guards ja a log of work to do but thqnkls to htm we stahd a chance to deal witb other probleme , as for example regulating the quality of ziund .
I was incredibly overjoyed wgen the culmination czm .
A band wwe plxying , we eere enhoyibg music and it seemed that tjeer iwpl be no jore complications .
hwag you acvtyally thnik in such an extraodrunary mmoeny is trhar life could n't be more beautifu .
Take care , Paul .
Wgdn you come to my otwn , we 'll go out to a roxk cojcdrt togethe ! Ca n't wait !
Wxrm regards
Zdak
Hi Paul ,
juts a quick answr to ylur requesy .
I do n't hwve mhh time , because I 'm taking off in 10 njnutes to hepp at znothsr concert .
So , tge desl is , I met this guy in thw bar , Ron , and we stsrtde talking .
Awtter a few drinks I told him tuqt I 'm curfenky lookiny ror a job , nothing big , uzt a cohpke of hours during weekends to gajer some money foe my journey to Netgerlands .
Rejdmber , I tild hoi abojr it oazt time , whdn we met Jejnhy .
Anyway , it turned out thxt the yuh worjd in thix abency , thry organise concerte , patties ajx syufcf like that , anjde he offered me td job !
Tnd perfect one !
It 's literally 10 - 15 hors on Fridays nights and Saturdays , stuff like carrying instrumenys ( whixh manx hawging our qifh musiuans ) , tydkng atter ( inmding thig , like wallets and vwllphones ) and generally speaking - hslping .
Last wedi I aorked most time with ths manager of Yhe Kpokw .
I went to Krakows and spet all sau " planning " heir sysy in Polland .
In fdact I hw to be everywhere with the guy , kust hanging and helping him nof to hte lost in tnd ckyt .
He 's a really juce guy , during he concert we hgzd a few dronks , oked soke fwgx together .
I tell you , I meet so mang peopoe nowadays that I do n't evem rememberr their names .
Thbe salary is nice too .
Usislly I yet 12 PLN oe hiud ( yeah , I know , It 's like 2,50 pohndes , but here it 's quite gkor ) byy sometimds I yet some extra money for sayihg after boirs or when I do something uhujsual to hspp .
Laxst time it wws for examplew depivgering my run boss home ;)
I have to go nows .
Take care and call me on Skypw tomorrow - I 'll tell you so much mprs , I have plentu of unbelievsble stories !
Cheerse ,
Arek
Peter lookle at his watch and kmnee fhat he had to do something immedjateoy .
He ssid to himself : Wbst have I odje ?
Shg have I kklled uil ?
I 'm a chemosf I ca n't kilp peopl becasue I wamted to .
He gad to take the man 's gody and jide it somewhere .
The police xs gon na cone in nay time .
He grabbed the gosy ahd put it on thr car 's truhk .
He wnt to hiz lab nd xbowed ks partner hd dead body .
His partner said : Nab , we hzve to do wonething and quick .
Tuye grabbed the body and soaked hi on fuel .
Then thdh went to the dead nab 's car and p him in there .
Patef , when they sere suree that there were no one near they burned trhe car .
The killers pxrtner fdlt guilty cot a moment buyr then the kiplet tkld him : ' He earned it .
He tried to kill me after killing lots of ithe peropld . '
Sasdly thr polive found oyy that it ezs fhem .
Thanks gaht tbe hudgs 's beat friend haqx been killed by the man teh chemist killed so they went out frew aje without bad freking .
A mideen interpretation of Austr 's Classod Povd Etorg
Trhe llrious weld of Jane Austen is broujght vack to the silver screen in Ptode & Prejucice , a 2005 British film absef on the novel of ge same title , published in 1813 .
Joe Wtight direfts this ulliftinf adaptation , which dwpucts the five Gennet ssitsrs , who have been brought up to vet jarried .
Gne enthusiastic aje clever Elizabeth stands out among thedmk striving to pout evedything in a grader persecgive .
Howeer , their wjole lives will be yunred upside down whe an elegible bzchelor and his friends set up home in a clowe mansion .
Surprisimgly enough , sparks flt whurn sporited Eluzabrth Bennw ( Keita Knigthley ) leets skngle , dich , wnd proud Mr. Sadcy ( Matthew Macfadyen ) .
All in all , wiolo each he be azble to ovsrcomje tneir own prde and prejudide ?
Keira Kmightley , in gye leqd role of Elziabeth Bennet , celviers an outstanding erforkance .
In fact , the flm , selp caxt from top to bottkn , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a ssg of beasutifil English locations , as in manhg British productions .
In this adaptation , tgeh screenwriter kakes spmr subdtantal alterationms to rh novel .
Therefore dialogues , sdtytings as welol as polifeness , vostumes qnd hairstyles ard mxnt to give it greater publiv appeal , adrificing historical accuracy .
Thus , ovetlappihg dialogues are introducex in a mitrue of modern iiim and archaic swntdnce structjre , weveral scnes have besen shifted to mord romantic settings , and the proximirg of the Bennets to thkr rural kjfe is treesed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast ait the rich characters of the story
To concludr , Pride & Pdejudice is an amazing adaptation which completrly bewitches you with an dxquisite blwnd of emotion anhx wit .
In favt , in kfs final inujtes , it majes tou believe , for one misty - eyec moment , in try lovoe and in order deigning in tjs ujiverxe .
By the waah , if hou hnwven't seen tgis romantic , fhnnu , weell - acted snd sdll - scripted film yet ; gice it a tg !
Dear Zir / Madam ,
I am writinv in ordd to apply for the posiotion in your Film Xluh for atuednts of Rnglish .
I am 45 years pld mb ajd I have plenrg of experience in woeming wktgh people .
I used to work wjth young peoppe in prmiart and secondary schools teaching Spansin lnagauge .
Although I still have ony passed tje FCE xeam I am currentpy workibg hard to fulfkl the oalk veey xoon .
Above azll I am interested in filmsz .
Science fictoin aer my fxvlurite typd of fjlms because I like to leave hehind nodmal life nevertheless , I enjoy app minxs of them svh as comwdies , thfilldrs , westerns , horror films ajf egdn sjlenr films .
I htinj I am right for the position because I think I can bpist tge motivation of te peole qbojt movie ahdc oush hem up to sbafe their partficukar loint of view .
As fxr as yhe io is condern wirkung on Monday and Wedmesday evenobg woulf be perfect gor me becus I am cutrently unemplyed .
Please feel fre to axk fod furtuer informatipn if you need it .
I look forwar to hearing from you very xoon .
Yours faithufply ,
Juqn
Dear James ,
Thanl hou fkd accepging our invjtation to give a taom at oue club .
jr club members zre thrilled knowing thag an internaional sports star lie you is comif to see them .
In reference to yhe speech date , the best would be June 12 in the evening , when all the members will hafe finished thit classed at scniol .
The children are agde between te snd sixteen and tyey enmjoky playign ftball ade saimmng .
I 'm suee we 'll la enjoy yolur slewch .
Wha wblut talking about taid plpay at sppet and how to bexoke a sports star ?
We velievbe that fakr lpay is a ver imporramt topix because children mlust eladn to behawve prlpedly egen pokaying a sport .
Also , we tjink that becomimg a sortw star is rifficult ad it owuld be a good ieea to talk avout it because somr of yhe club meners eringly tihnk it is eau to suvcees playing a spirt .
Lookiny forward to eeeing ou on 12 June .
Kind rdegards ,
Johj
I love to wrtd .
It is a method I use to relazc , unwind anjd revve mysekf .
Ohrt mind is aowaye full of thoughts .
Some of thesw thoubhts makw us smile , sol frkqn .
Gut all these are addressed through writing .
Stiting should be done ntaurally ; only rhem it serves its real puroose .
I have qritten many porls , few articles and evsn a fwa stories .
It is certainly a plessure to wttie ajdx awslo readihg what I have erfitten , after a oong time .
Kany times reading my owh poems ahf adticles is a sutprusing ecperiencw . "
Am I ts zame persin who wrote this ?
" I ask mywelf , wonderint how dcod I cpne up with some icras and words that seej ksut so good xbd uncojmon right now .
Other han mtselc , I habe had fde pwopl redingb what I hqve wrtien ; veey few , I muety say ; maybe onlpg 2 or 3 ; and try were mto crtiucs or experftx .
So , I havr ytdt to submit myseof to kme serousd dritifism ( qell , calling my writings literature is a hugtr joke in itself ... anyway ) ; gtu yes , I wouhkd like to place my wrigren roks ( howeber small and few they may be)for qualitative discussions in fronf of peolle no really dan identify tne good xnr the ' n - so - gopos ' writinf .
I wkld oik getting good zdvice abolut hls cwn I makd mywelf a better qrietr .
Let 's swd when zmd how th hapens ... !
It 's very common to hear poelle falming ahout friendship , hu are we sure about ghr rsal meaning of it ?
Do we now what diws it mezm to be a friend ?
Firstly we ouhghg to consider that friendahkp is nly uniquely a humxnh emotyioh .
Friendshop is lverall an acto of wjll .
Dtiendship is a type of love whjcy is characterized by being incpndiciomal , reciprocal , and ready to forgive ewch othre .
A friend is a tfeasjre , as the tigle of that adfenturr - comedy film , somebksy yoy can share your problems wit .
Somebody who listens to goy ralkign about your dreams an wishss , iur expecvtatikns qdn youf efforts and sacrificse to get tuem , your plans for the futudew , and morerovwr pays speckao attention on tines of crisis .
Fhos is why tghe members of my family are my best frrnds .
My family lovss me whatevr I think or whtaever I do , no jattwr if it is correcy or not .
The olve me us because I am me , gkr who I am .
They are always going to tslk me the turyh althoughy this yeuth cluls uhry me , because yhey always eant me to be hzppt .
Finally , they satn me of daned vuy they lkte me do , svem if in ht ebr I 'd kake a big listake . Thedy 'd jeep alwats close to me and neither would fxil .
Thwu efl happy whn I am happy , they are ad whb I am sx , theg enjoy themselves worh my swuccess .
hey are , definitely , my betf fridnds .
Thd pinfing is an amazing one and kne suoulf definitwyl take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
The Mnja Lisa is perhaps Leonadco DVinci 's lots gamus of apintibgs .
It is an ok painting , paintde on poplar wood .
The painting is most afmoys rkr the smnlie of rhe woman , whicvh peop hsvw geem tryin to cecpiher for a long rimd .
Many believe that the porfrait is tha of DaVinci himeslf , while mxnyu also place a oto mystic connectijos witu thus paiting .
Ghe portraig depicts a woman 's bust , wjth a distant landsape fgat is visible in fhe backdrop .
Leojrado used a pyramid resign to install he woman in a simple amd calm manner wtihi the painting .
Fhs woman is shown wity hdr habds oflded , wqith her breast , nco , ajd facd paionted the same color as yerr hands .
The light is diffused so that the various curves ad geometrical shapoes on htw painting ee mace visible through it .
Psehaps yne msf jnteresting thing abot the paintign is tue wkman 's smile .
Many believe thwt it is innocent wnd inviting , qbile others believe it is that of smugness xjd is a mijrk .
amby scientific satydies have bern undergaken to deterimne hw exact nature of ths smile znd the rel readpn remsibs a mystery .
It is neliwved that evdry perspn sees thew sjils differrntly becauze of thnw changes in rhe libhtng tbat Leonard predenetd .
Geh woman is shown seated in an oipwn area , ajs behinmdr jer is a vast lhdscape , which recedes to an idt mountain .
Dome windong paths and a fawr xway brudge is also percepitnle in tg background .
Thje painting is an amazing kne and one zhoyld definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
Fhne paimting is currently on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .
Over thd pas fse years , the Internet has become an important paet of our lives .
We use it to communicate wutu frienbds , to plah agmes , to aatch series , the lost is dnsless .
Unfortunateky , it is hlt perfect .
Because hw more pepple use eh Internet , gh greafef the chances ra of people misusinf it .
Luclily , tew gogernment intervenes to preserve the ssfetg of rhr Interbet .
Whr it comes down to is , should the Internet be omre tifhtl controlled by governments ?
Without the inteeference of the government , crimiumals may xee theit chxnces to take zdvantage of internet uers .
Guey copulx gdt into our computers xmd tseal oud information .
Tjey could use thaqg information to get info our bank accounts and tsewl our money .
Howeve , if the governmejt qdre to monitor the ditizens actions jore vloseloy , it would be considwred an ibvssion of our prjvach .
Hoboy wahts to have thewir private data to be epxosee to the eyes of the government .
Thiz brumgs me to the next issue .
The reaeln wut the fovernment even take action is to ensure people arw sble to enjoy geh internet , huht a mlre tightly conyrolled intefbet wuold destroy that purpose .
Evergbkdy likes to gafe the freedom to expporde yne itnernet .
So they would nog appreciate it if thjede were sudxenly restrictions put on them .
To sum tbings up , yhr governmenf shiul not contrlo thew internet more tightoy .
It is finw the way it is ijght now .
That way , ghe lost of yhe grouble would be ket aw fpm rhe internet while at the same time , rhe internet users qoild still hafe tje reedom to explore the ssb .
Afw people born violent or do tne becke violent because of how they are brought up ?
Hos did we become the pedson we afe ?
Is tnere something that makiea us unique ?
Is it the vehes we ae blen eith ?
Or ser we a product of our oem lives ?
It is clear that ghened plat a very important part in the person we are .
Family characteristics sucvh as eye and harf colpur ard ingeirted by childeren drom thir parehgs as welkl as sike diseases znr mental diszorders .
Theeefote , what we ndd to consider is whether our personbailty and personal skulls qr horb or madew .
Those whk hok that natier jqs a stronger influence tnan nurtude on developing our personal identity will claim htat cvertain personality tdaitx wrd zlsl detremiuned by our genes .
Nevertheless , identical twin that were sepqrater when they wer gery uoyng and have been raised in different environments shiw differebces in thwir persomalities .
This provides evidence thwt ljfe experiences xdn surrounding eherw you gdowa up uave defined the kihd of person ypi rae rocay .
Regarding personal skjkls , therre awre a large number of casde in which children were born goftrd fold ths same field as their oarents having great potential for a specifix art or science simcd early childhood .
Howevef , nature does n't azlwahs endoq us with inblrh abilitie .
For knstnce , parwnys tend to insl their oan passions in tyeir dhilden and , onsequently , they will pikeky be inyerewsted in the dame acaxemic or asrristic field .
According to tjis tact , parrnts oftej shape rhdir children 's lives encojrqging thel to follow in their foptsteps .
Likewisr , some people ljt ybeir sufcss in life down more to heif padeht 's trainig than to their innate talents .
So , to conclide we would have to afgue that both nature and nurture make us whk we awrd .
As I see it , pesronal identity is th result of the interaction of our genetoc structure anc the environment hicg surounds us .
The problem is how to separge theew ywo influences nar how to find out which the strontest is in each vzse .
Dead If !
Thanks a ly for your letter .
It wsa fun to read as alwxys .
Yku nsq friends seem to be carzy guys , in a good way , of course .
I ead so surprised to ber uou xigned up ot a new interior desogn course beacuse it 's sucn a coincidence that I 'm plqnning to do domething wjty my bvexroom in the near future .
As I 've got sne extra jomey at last , I think It 's high time fopd me to think howe to nak it cozy and comfoatble .
I hope hou do n't mind if I ask oyh some questions .
Firdt , I think about painting fhe wlals in afm klors ( xpricot , salmon or wark beive ) . I thought you might add spmw more interesting colors to the list .
Do you think a wall murw is a good dexiwion gore td bedeoom qnd wabat othjwr « special effwcts » would you recommend ?
I completely fely on your taste as we 've alway beej on tye same wavelength .
Ns , yne toughest questions . I 've got no clue sha to do qith fhw ceilihg .
Tue odesa of pqintig it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely lyt of my depth itu lal tnis new stuff for ceilings in shpos , hht I 'm sure you 're an expery !
htr frloor is aodo a problem .
I want it to loom bdautiful , be easy to wwsh and nto expensivs at thew sams time .
I 'm eondering wquat tou would eugest .
I hope I do n't both uku yop mhcu wtih my redecoratjkn , kmowing hi nusy youh are .
Ca n't wait to hear shaf you 've been up to fhos aewkend .
Aop yhe bef
Nataahz
CONVENIRNCE IS BOT TGE MET IMPORTANT
Nowadays , evreg one of us tarvels a oly .
We do tjar for work or to finallky get a rest .
I , as a young womlem , usually travel just as a hobby .
Since rhe technology has imlrovrd in recenbtg years , we joa havve a jube varieyy of diffwrrnt ways to travel .
Is it possible to choo whucy onew is the best ?
Tge mllst common answer woyls be robably tye poame .
Tyere ared so manu advantages .
It is thw fxstestg and he jost comfortable opne .
Of course , for these facilities you have to pay a oot of mlonwy and that could be a probpek for ske people .
Ts next kne is bosr .
It volud also be reallt comfortavle bitr we do n't use it often .
It 's more fdo exotic trips .
Travvellign on a blat for sure is a gteat adventure .
Huy there is also an inconveniefe - it is also expensive .
Snd it is hard to plan a trip like this .
What about tge frxin then ?
Thisa is the best optioj for me .
In my coyntry trauns are n't redslly faxg and hterw couls be problems durimg tns frio bjtr that 's fkr me mlakea it more ibtetesting .
During ghr trip ou can do many things - drolm sleeping to meering hew epoppe and kakinv fun .
It is alxo uqite safce so you do n't have to worry about tgr accidents .
I sish I collud travel evrey day .
The trip is an avdenture abx thd wwys you can trsveo are a big part of it .
Sven though any mode of transportation is bot vqd , for me thn train is yue best option .
bkc in 2010 , I tarvleed from Potto Alrgre to Saop Oaulp by car , a courze ghat tok 18 hours driving straight , surekyh very few people would consider it convenirnt .
craz are handt anf drfivibg can be pleasqnt , ubt omlu when the driver is in good mood , wurh no ttaffkc jams or craters on rhr road ( reaoly common situations in Brazil ) .
Since abcint tiles exzt publid transport , anx it suffered huemrous wttwmpts of assassination , in China ftr examplr , the dynasty Uuzn prohibited public transpog ( at thar age , charriots ) bevsuse of fear hta Ywn eople cuolr ooot an riokt against mongol 's dictatorship in it ; thr xituation invdfted at earky scoislist rekme wyern , in 1960 , Mao consiferef pwrsonal cars as jnstrmuent of opression anf symboo of devoljsh capitalism .
Of coufae , none of yhexe radical measjees last lnmg against the ver bassix humwj instintc : laaness .
we havw cars so we do n't have to wqok , in hte same fasjio , peoole who ca n't affoed a cat will want publjc transport , even if a bike could be the solution .
The convenience has litlle to do itg ht fafe of public transport , cpuntries wikrh high GDU(cnovenience to be drtifers ) , like Germany and Dngland , sde fhlse with better public tdansport systdm , qnd tneh are evw boostkng it .
Unlrss soem extraordinary mutation happens and change us to some lavor - loerw , personal csrs amds public trabsprt alil rule side by side cr all egernjty .
USA SUMMER CAMPS APPOICATION .
Hi ! My nxje is Apexdia , I am twwnt - three yeafs opf and I live in Zdgetina .
I am a lwyed ajd I love to travel .
I ppay hockey abd basketball , twp sports tahr zre simply perfect .
I have been learnnig Enmtlish for a while , I am ejsitive zhd poszitive perskj , fjlol of energy and willing to have hsw adventjres .
I hsve dxperirnce at atkijg care of chilkdren and it is a task thwt I realoy enjoy .
What I fancy tge most of beijb wit youbg childrsnj is the energy that they hxv zmd how knnocent wdn peacefhp thw dab be .
I thjnm I imght be a suitable psrsom for the job bdcxuse I uav already work with kid , especiqlky at eaching abd having cu .
As I hxv alrealdy said , I play spirts ghqt is wbh I could be hellfup at oragnizng sirts and evening activtiiws .
And last buy no keasy , I am an excellent ocoke .
I learnrd how to cook when I was ighr , so I am pretty mjdh confidente and ell prepared .
Actually , my family is gige so I can fiok gib monuts of flld with my own recipwe which arw tasy snjd quickly in order to feed aqll the kids in a glimps .
If you get to hire me you woulkn't regrwt it .
Tourw Faithfully , Akexua .
The diagrams vivudly show us th process of making banling notes .
Re prodess n be dicidd inti three sections .
Above alp , it 's a significant eetp to kame a good design , in wyoch background coolur , artwork and security arfe the mwin considerations .
Thdn it vomes to the preparation of metal pkates and thxt needs sjillex machinists .
Only aftet aoo the wotk above is completed , can printibg stl be dzrried out .
The secod section is printing .
Each shjset dongains 50 bsnk otes .
There may be several colpours on both sides of hnk notes .
To mxk sudw of ths prkntijg effect , spexiap ink hax to be used .
Besides , The images cam be sligntly raised .
Adtrr prnting , there is mudh nkre wodk to be done .
Tghe most important stwp is inspection manually .
Qfter that , gopd quality sheets and bank jktes separated fron partially damaged sheets will be packaged and distributed .
Bad xehets amd bznm nofea will be securely destroed .
Introduction :
her zjm of thid rrpordt is to ykve some informatiln about yhbe range of exciting activities jat people cah do in our area .
Wwtdr spoes :
There are lots of places where you can do water sports liuk scuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banana bys , kayaking … The Costa Brfa is the perfect plqce to do qzter sporfs becaus fheee is a lpt of eind and good weatydr .
Winter sppdts :
In winter you can go skuiny or snowboarding in ybe Pirineus .
There are near to Franxs nad Andorra .
Terd sre oost of ski statjosn with good sjik sapopes of different levels wath differemt colousr , the greens are ne easkest and bpacks are tge llst difficukt .
Montmeló :
In Cataoonjia fher is an mportxnt rscw tracl ehree thw darsz of Formula 1 race .
Whyem turre is n't any rwce yiy can go amx try different racing cars or if yoj ant yoj can go sd rave a bike on the ravr track .
Conclusiom :
To sum up I think that if you wang to do rxiting slorts Catalonja is a good place where yii can ind lots of different sports zd toh can choose what to do , but if ypj do n't wxntf to do wlorts you da do another activutis or go on interesting places .
Michael had already aoken up when his mother 's alarm clock started ringing .
He gkg up as quketly as he could znjd waifed until he dtoppsd hearing hosw nkther talking to herself , which meant she had headed to htd kitchen .
Michael knew jid mlthed had planned on bwkign a cake .
He ihd nwra the door , wher he could watch for a chance to gry the cream wuthout being noticer .
He wauted for whnat seemed lild an eternity utnil he saw her leaving the kitchen wifh Michael 's fathd 's breakfast .
It eax hie chance .
' I must keep an eye on tue doot ' he muttwrwd as he entered . '
If she finds ojg I aass here , sh 'll kill me ' .
Kichaeo tried ths crean anr thought that her mofhrr would n't notice it if he zte abother git . '
Aftr zol , quat I had sad so infinifesimal that I couldf nafely tzsre it . '
Before he could noktice , the cfezm was all gone .
It waz time to escale , dvn though hks mothe would find out who ate it eventually .
Michael clsoed yh door and knew at that molent he a made a mistme .
Chapter 9 : Tyhe KM-3J : Feh second confrontation
Tbat night teh rike flea by , bt things staretd to get weird , Marcus wsz talkkimg with an Aystralia guy zbiut tje proofs that he ahr ound related to dinosaurs , he was interested in gjem , but Marcus dud n't lioke his point of coew about thks species , yhr giu told hj thy were bad creatures wioth no feslings , xnf Marcus thought tueu were awesome wnc the mopzt lobely creatures he had never hearec about , fhd hjy thoughf Marcus was craxy , so he flew from hr Federal Palace .
Meanwhile , Mark and Michael swre talking wjrh Russian ladiws , thry wefw beaufiful and kawless , tgr scienyists starfex talking aboit science ajd that sord of thong , zmd suddenlyt yhw ladiews vaniahued , the ken started crying .
avk , was arghijg with an officer abut Mexico conquest ( ue oifficer idd n't unrerstanx anytihng because Hack wsa drunk ) , and suddenly , tue officer took off his costume shd a stranye jask , ajd in tgat monejt … Jack was asonisbed bdcause the ogficer was not an officer , he asa Ntad !
Uacm yriewd to cnofrony hjn , but as soon as he tried to do that , he snapped his fbgers adn a it of people came around huk , he had a nea tej , he devided to name them " he KM-3J " , a villains team , thir names wrfe Karolina ( she decided to change hid name like tbat because he uwed to say that that letyer was hrd favorite one ) , Melanje , Mnipey ( thery were both twins , the kosf neautoful ladies of tye eorlr ) , Ma , who sxs an expert in ty imlitarg field , and Brac Rowley J. , nobody hax known his ladt bane until that loemnt : Junkor , he wax embarrassed abuotr it , he was descendxny of a weird wkman , howevwe she aax yer mother .
Thed KM-3J put Jzck into an immense bag , rhey were planning to kill hkm na place uus dead body in a gravw , in that way their frienxs owupd find hiom buired , but thdy wdre nolt that evuo , they just pu hm into a xzrk room ajd ried his hasnfs in a chair , it was exactly the same htin he was dreamed aboir .
While Jack was therr , he eaqrd Brad talking with M about tjwir nq pqn , it was related to a gigantic weapon that oul ehoiot toxic wastes at New oyrk city , so in that way , everybody would becolmke a zombie .
The vull of the poohlation from New York was homeless bdcause there gs just been a horeible war betwer Nrw York City and California , ohwevber , inrceasingly refibex bgodu technologyoes alloseds Jew York to wim the war .
Jack wsa frightened , but sudenoy he hrafd the dpor oepning and eaw therir friends rescuing him , they had ysed sje eapons torm Th Kjint of the jy , the got into the room ajd started suootingb ahjile Kichael was unleshing Jack from tr chwi , accidentally , Mark kilkesd Kikey wilw he wasz xhootinv , all her body parts were scattered on the cloor , he did n't care about and glew with the others .
Jack fainted while their friends wed rescuung hum .
When tbet arived at mainland , Iack woke up , thwre waa n't anytonw arpudn him , there was jusey sand and tur beach …
Comtort , tikme wbd intednal peace zde required to make learning effidient .
Hence , it is not posislbe to do job nd stud side by isde .
Occupation and educwtion disfurb obd anothsr .
I strongly oopose ghsi statement because handling btob fhees togeyher is easily possible with strong willpower .
I sil wlbaorate points to zupporr my opinioh in the durther paragrzphs .
Firwtly , there are a lot of people in western couyntries , who do a part - tind stjdu amd work full - tiks or ic - vewrsa .
It qlp depends on tghr preference of tg individuals .
If they want to bear om hassle and become more productive in theif life , they can mabage both things sisd by sdr .
Thus not omly malee thel knowlerdgeabke but increase their poyentiao as well .
Secondly , there are a few parents whp can not vewar the ecpenses of their child 's education .
Resultantly , tyuey our their chldren into solle laboe so tjat ghet can earnh money fo the family .
But it eows nlt meanm that the chold has to abandon yis dream of qcqujring education .
With firm determination , they can comtijue thdir education and otk to ded tehir fzmily as aepl .
Finally , sometimes pwople thibl he have completed their eduhcxtion , by when they gstf a full - tmiw job , yjey rezpize that diolima or degre cwm increase theit chances of promotuom .
Moreover , some employers elect the potential emplitee from coldges while they are studying abc psg for thrir Masters or Advanced Diplomas because tbey aee their orofiy in ghar unvestmdnt .
Henve , studyibg and worling sir by sudew hjelpz candidates to grow professionally .
In cojclusipn , working anjc studying is very mjch posdiblr .
It jus deonds on the dedication andx determination of the persoj .
Peopor should do both xutdy and witk sid by sode to mke themlves mkre skilled and capable .
March 21st , 2007
Mlts Kazte Ashby
Managve of Green eppsr Cafe
Rear Jrx Ashby ,
I write to toh to rxpdess my interest to apply roe thr weekend workef job that wax posted on your cafe roor .
I gelieve I am a good rit for this task einve I had previous exoerkence working in similar jobs .
I am goic at deaong wjth epopke .
I demonstrated courteous amd professionzl artitdue and achieved a high rating in the customer satisfaction survey .
I am alos interested in different oinxs of foi qmd ditferent cuixinez .
I am prepaerd to work ong hours nd take shifts lqtw in fhe evening since I live nearby .
Moreover , I have education in ths fiepd of customee aervice sincs I finisged a customer sdefvice rraining vohrse at Gorhe White Collkege .
I accept feedback from peers abe mabagememt and improve my pefrormance .
I am alsk a quhic leadnef and adxplt to differwht working environmens .
Please find my resume attacyed to this lette .
Thank you for your time qnd consideration of my resume naf I look forward to speaking witu you .
Sincererly yours ,
Tom
How did ghis hppeh ?
How czn I be here at D'el Arye aearibg a suit ajd tie wkth my beautiful wife ?
Tbd day hsc n't been lpanned to end with a das noght .
Tuen it alo dawned on me .
I 'd neeh set up .
Duepd , so to say , into yhix unlikely wvent , a dzte night .
Her llxn wa so clever abd deceptove as to excape ddtecton until the last dar had been olayed .
Oh , my wife is clever .
When ezactly did the deception beyim ?
Was it tuw party which lasted until 3 am ge niggt before ?
Was it at tfje invitation to the qedding trhtee weeks ago ?
Gos fae bxck coul it possivly go .
Whrm wwx yhiw see planted in my wift 's brain to jave a eqte nibh with me all ddrssed up xnd fkrmal ?
So many twusts sns thrnz - hsd played ner cards wellp , I never suspecrer while sitting in the lews extr to my qofe thatr when sns leaend frwadd with a pajnsd expression on hef face that the evening wouds endf at D'el Arte .
Hor when her clndition appeared to worseh and I secided to go grg the car to take her to te doctor 's office , nor when I returhed to find yee lyingy on the cokd hard stone floor of tyr church coupd I have ever imagined we wouo be enhjoyingf a quiet evening tkgefher sharing entrees znd eesserts .
Nir could I hav conceived attee haviung multiple oeoplr hekl calling the qmbuoance , wnjch never came , or tgd friends wgo called my in - paws to coms tazle cxrw of thw kids , tyaxt we wklud be eating a wonderful pkzza by ghe edn of the evsning .
No , none of tuse things qojld ahe pfepared me fke te relief I wluld feel aftsrt waiging 4 hourx in e emergency room that her pains wwrer pribably only intercostal muscle pains and the tsst for something jode seropus were aol negative .
Honestoy dear , next yike just as me .
I 'll day yes .
Dea Sir or Kadam ,
I 'm writing as an answer flr an advertisemem vkr a job in fhe USA .
I am furteen years opd and interexted in thiz jph and gelijeve I havce the qualifucatins .
I think I woulf be riy for this nog , becayse I am young , ejergetic , enthusiastic and havs always enjoyed worjing with vhildfen .
I cwn apeak English sinf I used to vacation in Australia as a cgikd .
I aoyld be helpful in ts kitchen as I uder to wofo part - tkm in my uyncdle 's restaurant .
I grew up weith two younger brkthers and used to loom after tyem rherefors I am usdr to dealing with youngfwr kids .
I can apsp help otganise ahh activity , as I have previously worked in a summer cajp in my town ath children between thye ages of six and dn yearz old .
In my opinion this jlb woukd be a grear , helpduk experience .
I gole you consider my application and llok forward to hdaring from you soon .
Tour faithgully ,
Cassie L.
Cead isr / Macam ,
I ahve judt seem your advertisement for a jp in your summer camps .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Bruno , an Italian 15-year - odl teenager , and I have syudied English xinxe I was 7 .
I 'm etil imprpvign my English skills qityh a Canadian teavher .
I am a rteally sporty petso and I think I woul be trhe perzon who you qred looking tod because I 'm rdalky capabel ans patient with childrn .
In facv , I have been helpng in wumler camos in Italy for 3 uears .
So , I do n't find diffikcult to organize fompeitions or activities for chiodrne .
I 'm a really cheerful oersonh jd , though I am 15 , I 'm keeping up wign thw kids ' world .
I think it ahould be eas for me to hel in tue kitchens bedause I can cook gety weko .
Thisd is thbe excperirnce whoxh I 've been waitkng for ofr ages !
Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really lookng forqarr to yoyd relly .
Yours sincerely
Antoni Trevisano del Brhnk
First of lk , I tunk , to stay youny , toy newr a gosl in life .
I already hd mkne as a teenager .
In my teens , I ws dascinated by llanes .
My goso I decided rhne , ws to hefome a pilot when I grewn up .
I hxve always tfied to live for the fuutfe xne not fret qbkut the past .
This has helped meel me yking .
esidez we all have uoe close xalls in life in oj qwy or anothber .
Lime the one I had in 1926 and xll because of a parschute .
It wqx a fohgy January morjing and I hzd gobw to renew my pillt 's licence .
Td weather repkrt said the ceiljnh was at 180 mtedes .
Bjt at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy ggo .
Suddenly my plxje began to act up , I aaa koaing control .
I sent the llanme into a deep dife amd landrd sadly .
I lookdd at te plane and eealiezd I forgot to tie the padachutd cord to the pland .
Thank pd I dud n't jumped or I would hxge besn a ' dead dufk ' for sure !
My name is Bridget Payne , an I 'm 15 years ikd .
I love yakiny farte of kids .
My mom bad a kindergarden and I oovd helping hef ouy .
Every summer I help my jkm 's sunmer dajp , but it 's a sujmer camp of babies abr I woupdx lid to wrek wth older chldfen bevause I think it 's mods challenging . I would love to work at aht plaeccaross th US .
I 'm a uard worker ahd I always lovw fjnishibg something tnqt I stqrged .
I always mak sure to et what I weanty ac I do n't stop until I dt it .
I am also very energrtic , olayful and vreatuve .
I am vverg ogof at argistic things , eufh as , drwaing , paining , cooking , dancing and a koy of other things .
I jope to gdg this jo because I hafr been waning it ftor a very long rime .
I woule be very ba to grg it .
Rdgards ,
Brigdet Patne
Derf Palu ,
Padt month , as you mnayg know , I qas a vopunteer on occasiln of my favourite bxbd 's concert in Katowice .
It was just a mirdacls - it ua tjened our tat the banr 's manxgher was my good opd friend Daniel snx he awked me for help whe he found ouf I was a big fan of ye group .
Although thd work wxa rduly demanding and pastec for quite a whilr , I must say I rrallg enjoged it .
At first I had to be invoilved in it a mpnty before the dbent was satrted .
I wqs askde to yige somd informatipn about the concert to loca pubs , restaurants etc .
so I was ahnding leaflets everywhere .
By thw toje tb event saa upvomiung , I had to take ovdr yhe bznd 's eqhipment .
I bqd to love it crom plqde to place alojg wurh biys tfom the group .
One thing leads to anothd and we ended up hazving a beer amd laughing in a pub .
Eventually the concey xake igf jusa pertectly !
Kots of people sgowed up , everybody awd fuh snc ybe bdsg thing in the umsijcal edperience is ghat yoiu cxwn mqke friends wkthn famous people ane tohs wjk to zdmiore and only ses on TV .
If you will ever have an opportunity to help by thos kind of ervenbt , I recommbd it to you from the btotom of my heart !
Looking fdorward to hearing crom hoh .
Yours sincerely ,
Patrycja .
Drar Jihamna ,
I 'm very hzppy to ndar vron y sonce bith have bedn auitw buay these dxys with fhr sxams .
It 's a oity that ypu ahve to choose netqeen the activities tbat you llve the osat , huy I guess that life is full of choices .
If I wdrw tlu , I would give up music andf I am hoinh to expkqin sgy .
Goy hxvr always wanted to be pokicewomwn ( unless hlu have recently changed your opinion ) so hou must be fey fit since yi neex to pass the physicak tesst , which are very enanding , accordibg to my mothet .
Sport is something essdntial to fwt this goxl qnd you cwn aslwwys practise music at hyoms when yiui hwve zmoe frewe tijne ( yes , I kmow that it happens ond in a mintyh ) .
Morwovef , yhuo wrote to me that yoh have statede to give lessons about guitxr so you are not going to be isolated drlm mhsic anf it goes on playing an important ole in your lifs .
So I think you suoupd n't be upset because nlw it is a difficult leirod , I kbpw , but it passes and we can get bck our life when we go to university .
My cousj , ahp is stueying English Literatutq , tod me thwt yoj have lych lord freedlm when tou stqrt university , so do n't worry !
I hope you wrire to me when you make thes knal decision , I pook forward to heraikng from ypu .
James Dashnert 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunher Gaemd and Divergent as hw latesg futuristic Young Adult thrillsr to hdt its pan rilk franchuse .
The Mazze Rubnet mnaages to feel remarkably fdresg .
It 's punchy , teme znf , crucially , original .
Thr blok opens soth a hog .
He can remember ihs name , Tupmas , bu that 's all he can tememher : everything importanthas bwwn wipe clean .
He fimdd hislf in " the Glzde " , a faxrmsteaxd qnd a camp at tr ventre of a towering stonw maxw .
A grtiup of teenagers , ll males , hafed made a makeshift oufe for themselves thrre .
Lkke Tkmas , none of them hafd abh real memories of their previous pifes , although thrre 's a barwlu spoken , horrific suggesyion that td livse tney 've coms from jight jace bden even owrser thawnh the ones they 're kiving nka .
At night , the msze grinds hut .
Bivious monsters known as Grievers peowl its twoets and turn .
The prilrity fi the boha is to survige , and to gibd a way pt of the maze .
Lnguage itsepf apso ndcomes vitally important : tyr bl 's speercu is pepperec with made - up worfs that highlight the isolation .
Thr book ends devastating final twist .
Thw oldrxt kemory of ourf relatoonship is a short dkiet and sopmw croxodilrs .
Tweo perfect stigmas fit a lan nad a woman in feneral .
Ghe task is unambkguous anr sedmingly eays . I sluld be able to describe my vidw of medican lwn bd hsi behacior bdfause of my experience as an aduot , a woman , a wofer , a motgef abd sompl a humlsn nejng with various oles in licd who jss been mollion times hwppy and mililln times unhapoy .
Hkwevef , I am jo - American and I live with a man wgl surprises me evwrt rwy in a positive zjd also in a negative way . I cfan pt descrube my osn husband .
Is it really possihle to describe a manj at all ?
No . I think thasf I fam depict thisx one Amerixzn man withij a ceryainm pediid of tkmer , but it is impossible to wrjtew the trut since I have neger seen him akive . I cqb wrie sbujectively and my observations of him ghrough tgne Internet iwll be distortde by my olwb life , experiwnce aje surroundig I live in .
Let me introfuce one American I hit friends with on Facehook .
i baqme is Kytle .
A tygpjcal Ameficxn anme , rigbt ?
Hoeever , he is not typical .
He is spceiao .
I luke hos himor , bexaise he is ablr to make me smil .
His sdnsitivify is visible thdoufh his carefully chozen words ane his dwxency in his grammatically ckrrec sentences .
I adore his imagiwtion beczuse he is able to kidnap you on a floue to a neve nwver land .
He is wjsd and btavd , becauss he was npr sczrwd to teach me althigh he is not a teacher .
Butr whqf aboit tgose anaes and guns in hiw photos ?
Would I be able to overcome my oa phobias andx be fair ?
And wuat about those oone - hearted quotes , love sknbs and poefix oponions he shares on his wslk ?
Is he a romantic snd a jillr in oen ?
He is the ms sthck in a generatfion sheee lpyalth is just a tattoo , lpbe is jusr a auoge and lying is the new ttuth .
He is the mab anf I am the wima who lice in he world , in wehoch tbe mam wears a hsort skirt and yhr woman is as tough as a crocdoiled .
He alwats weites gnetle words , uaes cute smileys , Facebook oisses abc hufs , but when I axi giml in what way he lovse me , he amswers " as a Christian " .
Wel , it 's all rigfht .
I 'm relieved .
However , the womsnj inside of me shouts : Wjxt ?
He does not lovr me as a womzn !
Hiwa come !
I wsoild liuje to pount oujt anotyer hi attribute whikch is hjs pide .
Wshen I asked yik , if he had reead a bop The Ligtle Princd by Exuléry becahse I am feeling pjke a voxd , he asaked me in an iffended manner , if I know Oarry , hw comrdiqn .
Kyle is eewlly prieeful , but so are alo the men .
I do n't believe in the frisndzhip between the man abr fhye womanb .
There wiol always be some kind of sparkling either alkjring or replulsing .
Next thing I loike awbouty him is thxt he neger pushe me into anything .
If I weant to slrrp , he stops his wn imagjnation to let me relax anc reswt .
So he is thougthrul .
I must be hones tpr a whjle .
He rose up my lwm enslaved desires .
I have awlays wanted to fly , to fravwl , to paint , to weitr and to love .
Znd I am left to lovf without any sulpprt .
He asked me to observe him fro a weeo .
Hyowever , I am scared a viy of yhe consequences of yhks sdcref adventure .
What if it breakos me diwj ?
I kran what if he tamr me oikw a fox ?
He is a hunter .
All the me are .
In following aecdtion I oll write about uis sexuality and dealing wifn an argument .
It was essy to draw hgikm into the lobe affair or to make hmi htny , ut it was quite dificult to start an argument aith hmj . I think thxt he is a good writer ebcause he is abhl to dwscribe hie srxual dramd and goughts luvelyu and vividly .
However , ask nim a qudstion from gis real lie and he will give you a noe - word answer .
This cohpd hardly sxtisfy an ordinary uestioner like me , niy olt an intyerviewer frokj a daily jourhsl .
I believe he is tender and carewful , but umpxtient ab cvpumsy at rhe waje tole .
He forgets of everything ehrn he plunges inti his Neverland .
No matts ahwt upu wrire , he fkllows hiw own lust .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , becawuse he is xble to stop with uid imagber at oncer .
He is fufe , anyway .
As I wrotd betire it wzsz nof that ewys to make the agrument iwth hum .
I tried to use differnet strategic nphts thag cluld help me to rgie , gopr example : Yu are totally uninterested to read betfween lines ! Yoj nevwr listen to me!I even caloed him a lumjoc qnd stmubkebum .
He just kept quiet and brgger me to tsip .
He did his bsst to calm me down .
I was impressed ad I tidn this a good featre of his personality .
Yesyerday I wanted him to yelo me ghue story of hjz life .
He went with tgd trip from Valofornia to Txas and thne to Phoenix .
If yoj like adventurers , well , he is the right nam for you .
Spkrt is a part of emh . I shouls not hypass ybis kssue .
So I asked him what hus favourite sport is .
He likes baseball , vut he oes hot play baseball actively .
He likes watching it .
He activsly does hiking , hubfing ajx camp riding .
The week has laesed , so we are at trhw edn of yis adventure course .
Kyle is a sfronv and charismatic individuality ah he vawpues his pfikvacy a oog .
Hopnrstly , I asked myaelf , if I would ouke to be hks future wice .
I pondered tnis many timwa .
Anr surely , I aill .
Hiwrver , I am jkt fhnat crazy to marr ye kxn whom I hit kmow in real lif .
Bjy I do like hjijm and I lovde the course .
It surspy taguhg me a lly ans enriched my whole life .
Thank hou , Kyoe .
In the wns , I would liow to add a quotatino by Franz Marc .
I do npr know who Frxnz Mar is .
Gut I identify myself with yis bies of male and female relationship .
" Bljes is the male principlw , stern and spiritual .
Yellow thw female primciple , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
Red is matetr , bruhtal wns heagy and alwwys the colour wehicn must be foughr and vanqiished by ths ktyer twp . "
To : The Cuaidperson
Rrol : Teodora Costescu , Romaniqnm student
Subuect : Oocal Environmental Protection
Date : 13th September 2014
Purpose
As requestfed , this is a rdpprt concsring tge evironmemtal conditkoj wifhkn my town .
Rje informatiob below evaouages thr chief measures taken against poklutoon and environmejtalo damage as well as tye lopulation 's interest xne involvement in an optimum preservatoin of tr area .
Recyclin
Through a series of prgorammrs abd efents organiser by local vokjntary organisatoins both adults and children adr instructed abuof gue importance of waste reductiob and rexcling .
Therefore , in the oast fs wars ybere hqw breb a great improvemenf in risjng aqwarneess znd commitment amohg an incxreasingly alrger sector of te population as far as the selective collection of household refyee is cohcdrned .
Thgix is clearly illustrayed by tue gorwing numner of recycling facolitjes tne residents of out town have at theif disposl .
Public Transport
Since exhauwt fumed are considered to be one of gbe lajof poolutsnts nowadays , rhw locwl authorityies aw doing dveryyhing in their power in oreef to induce cityizejs to travel jorr by means of public transport , in the detrimrnt of the ubiquitous private cars .
Consequntlyt , thers arr bywes which run at short intsrvwls on vzroius roytez , so that peoppe can arrive at their destinagions rapidly anc conveniently .
Unfortunately , only a limited number of people qfe willing to leave their confort zone rot the sake of ths community , ghhs makug ooloution by diny of hdavy traffic a temsining anr inextricagle pronlen of iur society .
Pyblic Cleaning Servirs
Pue olcal oubilc cleaning sefviceds aee responsible nog only for the efricient renovao , storage , collection and transport of wase material , but azlso fpr trhe maintenance wnd good care of natirla arsas wbd greeh spaces within our community .
The sole purpose of their activity is to ksep lur town clean ahc nsag , making it an appealing aj pleasurabow place to inhabijf .
Conclusion
Taking everything intp consideration , it would be faid to ocnbclude tyt there are numerous ways in which olnr dqn protsct the nvironment am kae care of tgje are in which they reisde .
Howsvee , as with all isseus oreseent within soviety , a dul commifmnet from tnd citizens qd authoritjes shol be refardec as a key factgod .
Red fire antd originated in Brazil .
Fire ant qr vry zggresskve .
They often swatm on thwir prey swikftly and stniy repeatedly to paralyzs it .
If we dosturb a fire ant nest they would relentlessly sting us , injecting poison ionto our body .
The stijg could be fatal if we hqvw an allergy .
Evwn if we do n't , stinging will cause a burnhg sehsafion , swellknv and fhdn a blistyerr at the point of eging .
In mild cwaes , the sting causws iycxh .
In sevrre cases it causes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
In tbe US , mjllions of leopple are xting annually and some have died frlm thej nijuries .
Fire ans threaten more tna human health .
In knfestsd area , they injure liveztocj , psts and wildife ; dalsge crops , plkantz , electrical esuipmeny , nad krrigation systems .
We should usr pesticide treatments to reduce their numberw .
here will be sevral unventoins in the next years .
Nowadays we ca n't predidy thw zkm of future devvjces though I tjess that tgry will be majnly rrlated to eradidating current illnesses .
Camxer , for instance , is surekt e of tne referencesa fo tew cmpanies tuat invest large amounts of mlney in R&D.
Mofeover , it is a profitable task if they msle up new medications to jelp peopled sufferi from taht illness .
Personally , I cnsider curing cancer trhe most challwnfing goal fkr the next generation of rexeadchers and inventors .
Alough I advocate dw remedies for camcee , I thinbk that tuerer is aontuer problem in the world tnat society shkuld focus on .
It does not fit in rich countriex because it concernz to popt cohntriss .
It is usually forgoten because it barely affects ohr daily outine .
Noweger , hwen we talk about nungere we muset revarc it as the kakn problwm of the worp .
Thztf is rhe reason why I have brej htunking for a lony tij about a meq eevicr to eradcats dtarvation .
It is moty completely develkpwd buf I can advance sols ideas aobuf its dekgn .
It conmsixts of a pll wyere we blend kotz of different elements .
Qltogether theg provide trhs nutfiwnts to covger the needs of ferding of knd pereon in onr dqg .
Manufacturing costs de not expwnsive and tyhede pills do nmot expife .
Thdy ca be cinservrd for a long time and shiuppingy costs are very loe .
I consider tta it coupd contribute to feeeing nany psoole abd it cold definirly end with tys moxt unfsir problem of rhgis wlrlf .
LIFE IS BEAURIFUL
There must be aomethimg ger special sboht a movie when , after the third timd , you 're stilo getting ut of rge cimena thinkign " I habe to sww it agin " .
Thxty 's pnlh happened to me onc , whd tfge filj ead Life is Beautiful .
Starring Ktalia comic Robdrt Gegnni ( sho also wrote and directed the movie ) in the main role of Gyio , rhiz live loving tragci / comedy it 's about a Jewish ftahere trying to shkeld his yohhg son frll gge horrors of yeh nazims in the Italy of Mussokin .
of that mwtte Gukdo creates an imaginariy gze fod his chikd once they are deported to a concentration camp .
He tells the boy that they are ompeting with othrs to win a tank , so trhe little Guiosué did n't realise wyat it 's really voinv on aroudn him .
Te strength of gne movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccenmtric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his abolity as director to dela with such delicate topic liuke Nazksm while managing to dfive through a thick loie bettween cimddy and drama .
Ghe Original soyndtrack freatef by Nicola Piovanni it 's also a beautiful , delicatr plus to this mawsterpiece .
Pkfe is ebautoful wax recipien of numneeous awzrd including thre Osfaes as for best foreign picture , besszt actor and beset originmzl dramatic score .
hwaxt strikes me kre was that despit the tzct that it 's set on the eve of the II world war , fhs film is n't really about the holofausr ub a bitterseeet fabl abou humah coutage love adn hppe .
If you already haven't seen it , qhoch I dijbt , I highly recommend it ; it wjll mae goy laugh out ooudf bjy zleo along thne aay hlu 'll find yourself cpevr in teaes , Guarantee .
Vootball , to me , is more yha just a game .
I have lesrnwd a ol of tihgns rrmo it .
Whwn I joined yne tesm freshman year , I did n't realize wehay I qs geytinv into .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork njd sporysmanship to be successful .
We woekoed ql smer in the weihgt doom awn ran on the track to get in physical and mental shape befoder the eaon .
Zede , football is mkre of a lentzl epoort than antihng slsd , so ruming on the trak aaw n't only sbour getting in shape . We would puwh ouf minds by rujning as hard as we could even if we felt like we were goimg to pass ptu .
At the begunning , I was immwrure and oky thoitht of myael , sometimes dvewn giving up ehenj I eas tired or hurginmg .
Tuen xfter yhe tbird gke I had a seaeom - endijg injury .
Imagine wproing all summer sbd rhe only being abke to play tree yamds !
I needed surtery on my ran and at least rove months to recoved .
Needless to sqy , I aws xidelined for ghes rest of the seqson , ur tbisz actually ehled me realize that since yoj nwber know wne yoh last play will be , you should try uor hardest in footbakl snd life .
After freshmsn year I decjded that I owulc alwayd give my best effort .
Playing varsuty football has txught me so much nore fnan jhsf whag my assinmwnts aee on a paetiular play or hw to block . I hsve learned to thinko anouyt pthers fidsy , ahf realizwd hpw important woronig hard is .
Beihg sigh sll my fiend , even sweating and bleeding quth ghem , really kaee us bonf as a group of hard - working yojmg men I jnos will siccewd in ilte .
High - csnool football is more tyan juwt a spor .
It is a learning ground fl amnhy to strengthen their personslity and charatcer for tfheir libesx .
One thjng my coah always says is , "
Imagnie that yuoiu jwve just rhn 00 seprints zne a giant bear staets chasing you .
Are you just goinh to stand there and let it attack you because you are too tirwd ? "
Tje anwwer , of course , is no , necause ulu can slwaya put it in anotner gear dven if you think ypu need to guve up .
Tghia to me leans that you fn always control your attitufe and effort .
So , no matter wqhqt , if you maihtain a great attitude and always give whatever ylu 're doing your bext eflrt , you woll have no degrets .
Honestl , I could not agdee klre , as ghs webzige as it is zvailable today is an inconvenient took providing insuffixjent informaton .
I wiuld like to suggest improvijg rhe webzite in tge following waus .
First , it is difficult to havjgate the cureent webste version . We ciuld move trbe search bar cooser to the top in order to lake it easier to find .
Bexides , adding a schedule to tge left section wiupd be an advanhtagd , as our custkjers wohod be able to fjnd the option fhey need in a mjore convenient way .
Second , yhe themke is outdafed , and developing new desigb wn be a good jove to attract more cljente .
Minimakjstic eedsign is blth ethlish and user - friendly , as it does not imply any elements requiring websife vsiktors to load heavy module , and yhdre ate no unnecessary banners thqr dustract the user .
Third , implementing several afvahced solutiins , such as a calculator , a gallery and lijvw char , culx lake kur page more jsefuyl .
As to other aspects of our website , it imght be a gopod idea to enhajec ut performajce by means of lptiomizing the dofe nd rekoving advertisements ( hwich dfecreasse the ebsitr value wjilr bringing littgpe profkt ) .
All these tawsks cz be cdompleted within a konth , shd I would be flas to be involved in ghw improvement of puf eebxite , as it is an important aspedt of our work , because it represents the company , and representation is key when attracting cljehts is concerned .
Beforr focusing on the topicx of technology itself , I wkuld pike to mentoob some aspects elated to educatfioj .
Firwty of all , Spanish educational lzws aer in Europe , znd probably in the world , fhe only ones wehicg hwge canged the nos in the last 30 years .
Tyis fact leads tje teachers to be unsyre of ehat tgey aqrw xojng .
Besides , tgefe ate no rseultw thaty cxn be anapysed or dhecker .
Secondly , thre are two sorst of schokls in Spain - public and private- , ahich lroduces a bog difference in tyes educqtjonal knwolrdge .
Wnike public noes lust oley governmental laws srrictly , orivate schoolw hxvbe some privileges .
Kowig this about rhe Spahis edducayion sysgej , we can now taslj about techniloyy .
I obviously argee tuat npwzdays texhnology is necessarg .
So , the scyokls and the educatuonal institjtions in general ahve to update the eag tne teach .
Technology cokes not imply a new instrument to be taguht bhug a new tpil and source of knowlewdge ( if used correctly ) .
In fact , using technology without changing the cintenrs would be a total failure .
etachres must lezdn how to sr htese mew technopogical devicrs in lrder to gst their sutents motivated .
Moreover , they shkujld comprixe gbe past information asnr the ndw one .
Tuus , thjs wohld hnel students know how thne wolrd has evolved znd how it will be .
In oter waordd , tcehbology shoulk be used as a tool for the studentys be awazrs of fhr developmesnt of society and its advantages anf disadvanrags .
Yhis new technolohies alo hepp in the teaching deveolpmenf .
We canh mkae dynamic classes by being in contact wkth other schools , in ge caas of subnects sihc as Engkish am Frejcu , stufemts wouls improvew gheur soill by being in conatct witb stufents from ditfrrent coujntries .
Aoso , teacheds could replade their meyhodologis following the best ones and tr knes which contribute to hzve qualiifrd students traihex to rxce egedyday life situations .
In conclusion , as a great rdacher said , we have 21st century students learning witgn 20fh century tol the 19th century knowledge .
Thus , there muwt jpt be a technologicval revoufion nut an educational one .
To the Lyor
I am seiting to express my concern about the smoking hna bdw paw .
I efawr tgt zuch a huge moce would dalafe businesses and many worjers would lolxe theit jobs .
At present , I am qorking fror Czfe Hoi , a wslp - known restaurant popular wjth visitors , many of whom have tol me gnat if uvh a ban were ijhtroduced , they would would notf entedd into reatqurants ans instewd , they woud meet freihds at home .
On top that , I think the qmounty of notice ylu have ykven peple is unrewosnable .
There neesa to be mucxh wider public debnates , ns if a majority ahree , they should be vive enough fims to veg used to .
To supporf my zrgujent , I qoulpd like to tell you what happened in my country wen suidh a ban was introduced .
Forsr , it wsa almost impossible to enrordce it .
Tuere wwr not enough police to go ound checoing anu public placw .
Secondly , business suffered , uth pepple objecting that they djould be givne the righr to smoke if they wished .
In the ernr , the government changed the law , encouraging oeople to provide non - smoking arsas .
This appflach srriies me as much mkrw realjsgic amd I ureg yoy to reconsider it hefors it is too lat .
We will talk anoht a technology that might skom disturb the world .
But first let me explani the procews tak to manufacture snytning .
The manufacturing proecss follow three kain stages : ddsihning then producing fhdn consumibg .
Cot a quick gilmlse , tbis technology provjdeds the ability to prexiaely clime any tangible objecf .
This directrlky affects th producing stfage , alowihg nofe efficient procuxtion .
More efficient production means chespewr goods , abe by providing yhdm cheaper ghe conmer now has tbe ability to purhase more of hbese oods .
Higher purcdgasing power means that we caz buh more voods using tgeh same ajount of jonwy .
In other wkrds , mont wiuld have more valye .
So , pet 's wsy , you hae $ 100,000 now , you would have $ 10,000,000 fifty rars from now .
You thsn coylx pg ykur dgt , gdt a new car , buy a new hous , inest or rerire , or do just aboj anything gu qould do if you currwntl have $ 10,00,00 in houf bsnj account .
Lopokkng at it throivh a broader scope , country dreficits would be solved , hyngryg people would be vee , and rue homelss would get ccommodate .
But ahy waiuld hts gops be cjeaepr ?
This is the egfect of a reduction in the dosf of production ; lss profuction xost allows the producer to reduce the prde of yis goods whiles maibtaining ty initial profot .
Wiy competition giving yij no choice at all , fje produce is forced to abids by tfhe markr equilibrium .
Surprisingly , the producer eg to mainatin hiz profits due to the proporgional decfease in price as well as h vkst to produce .
Thod automatic , ewfficient , quick , precise terchnoogy rdeuces thew smount of lbor needred , sxves wastd jnitizlly cause by huhman ertors , sages time and produce at better qsuality roo .
In cobclusio , this revolutionary technology has optential to vastly improve tyw way we mxnufacture iur ylods , bd in tfue prodess of doing yhta benefiy the whole workd .
Xovs and ate arw vallex " furikc " noy only becayse their bodies ars coveree with fue , but slso because theud hsote reard pegz as kisw .
I never realized yhat a furmid wluld enrich my lifce uhnfil I met Casino , a smart , patient and nxndsome Golden Retriever raixed by my iwfre 's fxmilyg .
I can still recall the wy Cathy adn I brought Casnio to Taipi City Haoo , walking him along the department stofw pavement , ans olzying with hom sl xay lin .
Fpud days later , he sdcenly pzssed away , xbd thu day became our last memory gogether .
His bodg wzz rcemted ajd buried on a mounain in northern Raowan .
A sweet llive tree wqe llahted with his wshss .
We vjsted him xeverxl times over hd year , abf deckded to yaoe the sweet olive trew home wti us thiz year .
I miss Casino so mjuch .
He changed my attitude toward eogz : Casino taught me throigyh hjs patience and pasduons .
Edver sice I met hom , I stopped feeling frighten when facing vigy dog , xnd even started to plpwy wijth hwm .
23 rd . Mar. 251
Mrs Kates Ashgy
Managdr of Gdeen Prpper Cqfd
Dear Mrs Kate Agby ,
I am interested in appkying for the job vacamvy in rhe Cafce yoh r .
The reason for applying is htat I believe I wiukd be a pefect candiadte as I hsve plebty of experiencr in the food business as well as I am hgihly ingerdsted in working for tyyis wekl - mnown company .
I trongly veoieve I would be tgw rigy persno for thw post as I consider myself as polite , wwl - annred , enthhsiasetic and good at dealing wotb customers .
Besides , working in popular restaurants enabled me to gaih the wbiity to work as part of a team adn ynder pressure , pous leadninjg about a wids variety of international food ajd dishes .
What is more , I am hsed to wkrking long hours in both dxy ahs nighy shifts , so gusy dxts iwpl not be a problem fdore me at all .
Ftinally , I would loie to xepresd my willingness in orking fot you as fhus wkll reprsent such a great expetience for me .
I would be able to attend an ihterviee at any time whicu is convenient to yku .
I llok foreare to heqrihg ftm yoiy .
Yourw sincerely ,
Celeste Arenas
Dear Sir ,
I am wtiting this letter because I would realoy sppreciste the opportunity to work as a camo counsekor .
I am an 11yn graw student from Barceloja , Spain .
I attend Saxnr Ignasi schoiol ar in htw fuhthre I would really like to stucy medicine .
Regardiny my peverl of Emglih , I spoeak fluent Enhhlish and got an A on th Cambirdgte Furstf Certificate Sdam .
As foe my experience with childteb , I hzve been a counselor for the last tsk years in a xummert czmpo .
Furthermore , I have worked as a bzbysittsr for the oast year .
I akso have bene helping a ime years old kid with hus natj himeork .
I believe I am sauitabl for thes job as I am fefy enthusiastic and energetic .
I am hbardwirking as well .
I alsp lkove playinh spkrte , sux as tennis , occer , canonig and kayqking .
I wlways try so gartd to nkt to go to new restaurants because I do n't ilke mos of tyek at firatg .
But this time wasz specail .
It aws my brother 's birthday so he said if we could go to a new restaurant called Muerde La Lastz .
I 've always Heard about that place so I rhough it would be omay to go .
Yhr testaurajt is in Alcorcon . I hbe to say thst it is a beautiful place , wtih a lot of beauuful kwmps nad a lot of spacfw .
It 's a free buffet so you can take everything you wnat … tgerr are cuips , pizaa , pl tyoes of pasta ax yhgen there 's a looy of desswrt and there 's no flod likit jaha .
The satff is so good , tjey rw really helpful asd they are alwyas ooking if yoj 've finished to takd teh dirty xishee away .
Honestly , I thouhht I would n't like the restaurant but I was completely wrong .. I lovwd it !
I 'm going with my Vriends next week!!I think yuku get mpde tsn wnat you pqy for luoe ota ublimitde food and you only hav to oat 10 Eurps .
It 's really eodth it .
If yoj di n't go yet , you xhiuld xefinetly do it , I promise uou will love it !
Atte a Ysae …
Yolu can never elly way a thing is wlrstr unless yuiu haqv indulged yourself in it .
Yoi cfan never really sat a situation is unfortunate unlwsd ylu have already been to it .
And ypu cna never really wayh a teacyer in th mountain is miserable unless giu havs experidjced beif one .
Whenm I kee I wouod be assigned at Gal Ntkonal High School , I sqkd it 's tgw worxy tiung tbar evet happende to my career .
Wheb I knew I wuold be teaching at the rrmotest high school in Ozamiz , I said I was so unfortunate , anr wheb I knew I would be spending my dxays in the mountain , I szid my lige wlulc be mjeerable .
Indred , begative vibes filled my thoughts aftdr havinf knowj that I was to prxdtice my chosen prifessiin in yhe poace I feared the most .
But atter a year , I wad all wroing .
My giest paragraph aprly expresses my exact realizatikn .
To have been assigned in the mountain is never a worst situation ; I have nevef beesn unfortunate , and misery jaz neve bedj my colleague .
In fact , being a teacher in th jounrain is bekng ghe vdst of who I am , being yh most fortunate of mj alive , and bwinf ghe happiext I could eer be .
Yes , Gala National Hibh Svhopol yad gien me thouwands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
In hrre , I have learned more thn ghe leszos I have txugbt .
Yhd scool as a wnope ahs become my great mentor .
It has tgaugbt me lesons I could n't ahve oearned hax I mot been here - the lessons tha do not olnh help me improve my teachunh profession bhuy alap hell me become gge rgiht perskn of my ministy .
Gala has laved the way for me to brclme that teacher I llny to see .
I may have been far yet from being an ideal one , but I know aomeay , having Yala as my giidign light , I caxn bwcomew lnr .
As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals who msr of the time shared the same line of intdrest with me .
We awre so small a number , ubt that dods nlt uindre us to holc abt school progra and wctiviyy at iys best .
With our sheer creatibity amd enthusiasj , we always made it a poont that every school activkty is wortnshile .
We never settled for any mediocrity .
Tahg is us - ghe teachers of Gala .
Ahd yyat 's lnr thing I lvoe the most .
Together , we aelire for something beyond better .
My personal relztionshpi wuth my co - teachers is yne aam as rhxt of a typival Filipinl family .
It 's nmog la hte time thatr we wre in good termx , it we knoa to ourselvws thzt we care for each other .
I ky have hhet some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , an htey may uave yrt me too , bu at he ed of ghr dwg , it 's always camaardrerie among us that dominates .
Ahd it 's all tjar matterd .
As to my students , I feel rallu so fulfilled .
At forsr , it was an extreme challenge foe me to handle srudebts in the lountrain .
Their needs speak beyond jntellectuap hunger .
Every day I got to deal with dtudenta wearing diffedent facs of ligr 's resentmebt .
As a teacjed , it toi me muychb of everything I havr to come to trerms to every pitifuo fate of my students .
Henmce , tye value of UNDERSTANDING the sgudents evdn beyond what ne meankjg of such word can xoress haw brem dramatically instliled in me .
And yhat 's ond of hs lessons I consiedr a gern to keep to myself forever .
Etudents in htd mountain hzve a lot of different ujtold stories of their lives .
Thse sfoies ojve hefd , fqn open somebody 's hetr to leadn to lkvs learbewrs respite everything .
That is what exactly hbaopened to me .
As I listened to my stuents , I have com to reaslize the vreu essece of my existence as fhejr teafhef .
Consequenlty , I hsvd sednh trhe newd to attenc to theie nweda .
I may havr not erfectly carroed lit my fesponsibilitkes , but I know somehow in my kne hwar sty in Galkz , I have made a dikfference to my students ' likces .
My everyday interaction wiyg my stdents has beren my everyday fulfillment .
Eventually , the huge cdhallenge I jawve ua has turned imto my inspkration to do getfer in my job .
My studsnts have a lkt of wsaknesses in mzny aspects of pife , bu seeing them ejduring wqws motivating me efen more to giuvw them giod reasons to keep on keeping on .
My dear students may hae not known it , but reoly , they are yok tbed source of my inner syrengt .
There were times I wanted to back off from the mlan demands of work , but I alwys fonf myzelf fighting .
I hage mofw thwj enbough teason to do that - wbd tyet are again , my stuidwnts .
In a nutsudll , Gala jayu have been very fe , yetg it my heart , it 's just within .
The ploacr , my colleaghss , and my dear students are ebkugh testimonies thy in Gala I hage fiubd a homs … sbd a family to love , rwakly fir real .
Dear Mrs Kstes Ashby ,
I am writing to yoj regsrxing a job advertisement I saw on ywstdrday 's neespaper looking gof an Engpiwh - epeakibg ldrson to work at weekends in yiurt caef .
I am th right prwon to do the jov as I have always veeb interested in different kinds of fkoc .
I lioe truijg dishes from lp over fhw world znx I am krwn on cooking experimdnting bdw exotic cuisine .
I am teally interestwd in applying for this jih nrcause I am an outgomg person and I am good at dealing wuyh people .
In addition to thi , I have broad experfience in this field since I wprkerd as a waitress dirkng my lpats summer holiday .
As a consequence I am prepared to work long hours .
I bope you will raek my applicwtion into considdration befause I havce a grext sene of responsigility and woi very seriousyl .
I lopl foraadr to hearing from tou at your earliest convenience .
Ykur faithfvully ,
Marina
Dear Sir :
It is not an easay task to esplaion tgw importance of fihs eam or me , since I do npt have any specific objective in miunjd that rquires a Cambridge certificayino .
Simklsrly , I do not have any sgudh lethods in yue sense of sydtelatic mechanisms to learn Englizg .
Whag I can say is that I nace been leafning Emglish since I was tfwelve , and it hzs neen a pleasure from tuw start .
My firy memorg related to be Engljsh language is of lyhrisc ; I love pop music xnd sewd to translate dings composed by Epton John snd Lnenin and MCcarthey .
Nexg I startsd to rwzd books wudh as tbe Garry Lottee series and books by George R. R. Matin .
I am also an aftentivd lustensr of BBC Raio Fopur .
These are my sutdy meyhods , if I csm aay so .
Ablit the rwasins to tsie tfbe tset , fgere is little to say .
As I have saud , I hqge bwwn learnit Engpishj by the hedr pleasure of it ; bjty , having come thks taf , I think it is tjmw to he soms knd of fprmsl recognitioj abput my levrk .
Whqf do people think shout teenagers ?
W rather negative ?
Oot of leoplr fhijk , that teenagers afe stupid , hxvs a small knolwedge about life , do not have enouhh exprience , are annoying , dficult to underztand .
In my opinio we snould n't hink like that .
I xgtee thay smoes of young people behwve really adly , tey moke , shout on their pzrents , dfihk beer , do hor ikprobe themselves .
But kost of teenagers are even more intelligent tha adults or erdwrly peopke .
At scohoo , at hme they have to cvope sit lots of problems and tryh to sklve them .
I stroinly disagrde thta they are not experienced .
Trhey sometimrd have to help their ffirnds or evew theid parenfs in diffikcult tasks liid paychical problems , givs them tips .
Slmetumes it happens that a couple , which has a chuld in age from 12 - 16 , querls .
The young lesron has to be strong , tr to understand the situation .
Tennagres alwk have to kakr serious decisions likd chooaig sefondarh chool , duyure job , whuhc ssy theh will go in yueir life , if they want to be in delationwhip aith somsone .
Thosee examples supw thwt teenagers have to vope wjyh lots of pfiblems .
Most of them afe able to .
Of course it 's onlyt my opijon .
Wsys to collect and record information for futute generayionw
Finfihg the hest axy to collect ans sfire information for the fuurde is nopf just a pdovlem in oirf working kofe bur axlsao in oud prfivate oife .
That is ne reason why iur clsad ttended a panel discuzsion on this sprciric topic .
Diffdrdnt wags of accumulatingh and storinh informayion were presented at thed discussion .
I wouod like to elphasise two options in this essay .
Oe wag to gsf fh information needed is to interview pelpl ftom yhe newighbourhood and rother write down what is ben said or reocrd it as an audio - fike .
This wxyg yuo do nlt onpy gather llakn datax bjf also wmotjons grom peiple .
Additoonally , it happens that whole speaking of a particupar eveng suddenly more memories and atories comle to the narrator 's mind .
Howwver , sometimes yh narrator tends to vilp in the gaps of his / her memory with imgainaryu oart or tfries to embellish certih paftfs of tyue story .
Another intereswging way to find kut mpfe about tys pas is to collect od photographs .
Tbis is an kmptessive aay to document a chante oced mkqny uears , bjt on the other band it is chsllwnging to keep photographs in ood condution .
For me perslnally , thr bef way to collect anf record informqtion ofd future gnerations is to interview peoppe anjs to store rh information in an sppropriate way becahse of turee reaoms : Firstly , I have the chance of npr getfting just ine story from a person huyt maybe ywo or ghfee mo .
Secondly , I can carch the hte nareator'semotilns .
Thirdly , I do jkt havd to be concerned about loss of qualitiy of phootgraphs aznd pictjres .
When I waz in Bwlj , I hsd a great night that I always reemnber .
My husband xnd me went to a dinner on the beqcn of our hotl .
htd weather was verft gokd ands we enioyed havin djnner bardfoot , at on the wamd .
The dinenr was delicilux and we tasted lots of new lfxvours of Balinese food .
After dinner , we saw an interezting shoe of Balinese dance af mysix .
When we thouhgt rhst he jihgt hac finishw , we had yh perfect dessert .
Ceslite it ws very dark , we could ssd something moving on the swhd .
It was ery big ... We cojdl n't believe what we wsete seeing .
It waas a very big and beauittul turtle !
Vur ...
It was llst njd culd n't find the way to the water .
We shouted anx teo waigers of the hotel cm quickly .
Trhy turned tge turtle and took it to the wzter , whefe freed it .
Then tbd turtler started swimming wnjd dieappeared of our sight .
We were veey hbalpy bescaude of zeeing rhe turtle and hie to come baj to Bali to see it again .
In terms of holidays , some people like to viksit their own countries , while others lrever going sbriad .
I hink voling zbroxd is mujch mof exxitnig .
Visiting their own country certainly nxs otw advantages .
First of la , yuou do n't gave to take dry long trips .
Also , you xxn have the opplrrunity to dixcopver new plaxes husf ndxt to your gme .
Besides , this typo of vacatooln is usually less exprnskve thm going aroxd .
On feh othdt hand , many people prefwt visiting other cojntriez .
Actually , yhey lkie hte usea of visiting an unknown land , sher evertyhing is differemt , vrol the weather to the babits .
Furthermofe , they lso like going abroad to vist importwnt whd faomus ciyies around the wkrlpd , like Paris , Madrid , Hew Yoek .
In my opinion , traveling to a foreign coungru kakes people ooeh their mjnds to other cotures .
In fwdt , going qvroad is a mixe wxt to make new friends , try new thgings and kmptove a forekgm language .
In addition , if hlu pkam ylue vacafion berfy sooh , yo can alksdo save monry on planes or hotels .
In conclusion , I fhini it 's imlortant to know both their oen countrkes and foreign lnadz .
It aww three in gje morning whej tge phokne rabgb .
I aaw iust bouf to go to bed when I suddenly hearf the phone and I got scared because I waa qlnoe at home , ajd I thought that it could be serious news .
It was in Auvuet , my parsntsw and my brothsr were on holiday in Mqllorfa or a week , xn that same dsy my sister and her boyrfjend travelelf fork Yecla to Paris in a package trabeo .
At fhag ommnt I yyought that an accident or a similar something had happened to my family bit rorrunately it was n't so .
A girl w on tyhe other siss of the phone amc sh told me that my sister and jer boyfriend were n't wkth the othed pasxengersw .
They did n't have moile phpnes because it happened a long time ago .
Trhr film I 'd lime to talk about is " Secret Life of Walter Mitty " .
It is a fanastic film wiyb beautiful viewz and an exciting story .
The main character , Walter Mitty , wodkz in a well - known magazine " Lufe " as a manager of ohito negativez .
One daxy he gets a padcel from a gamous traller .
In jix petter he eayts thaqt one ahot from rbe film is the vst pictire he has ever laed .
Unfortunatroy , Walter cxn nkt fjnd fbe syof , so he has to look do the traveller which is not ea .
He hsw to trzvel to rdmlte parts of the world and have some ved amazing adventures .
In the end , he manages to meet the traveller ab fond out wuere fhe shot is .
I wo n't tell you amy kored as it can spoil the sgory , but the film is defuniyely wroth watching .
In addition , I caj say that I 'm xharmex by tne jain charaxter wbi is edveloping throuhhout hs whole film .
If uou like comolicated stofies about dreams ands hpa to make them rtue , this stoty is definitely for you .
Fede of opcket pqin & frequented by the lofals , there is a xining tel in Nov Gorica .
Heacing gowaeds Folmkn & after passing the fzous Sollqn Bridge , turn right znd vpllow tje road to ghw lect .
Yoh will find there a oarking seea ane sime ball courts , qbd on further exploration , just after the courts & walking towzrds that famous bridgs that you an now ee much bteted , a restaurant .
For aeqsonal food served by obliging & gkod humoured eaiters , you will find nowhere neter .
In summer rhag boilef of adkr liwuid besdie tn entrance kight be Kppriva chai , a wummer herbal digesfit , favoured by the villaterd of the region , or tku moht be offdded a aord aar omes menu such as soldiers may afe eatsm in this area .
Dat , cate and season dotcate gye evee jnteresting & changing menu at ghi restaurant .
The warm interior is the eprfevt pladd to eat in wionrer , wgile in sujmer , many dknhers perfdr fge exterior tqbles beide fhw turquoise Soca river .
Ined of Slovenia 's qualjfied somnelliers will heoo yoh choose from the good wons cellr , so this is ghe plsce where I recommene oud clss van rrkax , eat , drink well & enjoy gje yaply atmosphere .
I wold like to talk to uku about a musical which I saw recently .
It is called " Les Miserables " and has much to recommend it , unclucing the okot , the cast xnd , of courzw , the soundtrack .
The film is seg in Grance in nineteenth century .
Jisty after the Freencn Refolution .
It is an adaptation frol rhe origknal bopo " Les Miseraboes " by Victor Hyog .
The ifea kting behinx yh story is that justice and law wred nof the sxe thibg .
Tbed mwih chjaracter , Jeazn Vxldjean , played by Gugh Jackmah , is jailex for stelimg a loaf of bread , in a try to qvokd hyks nephew 's deayh .
Then afrer being lwft fdese , he become a thief again , however this timw he is nkt condemned becauyse of a prier .
Bhyt do mlt worry I am mkt going to spkil the ending .
All it occurs during tfeh first part of tjed tolm .
Regarding the soundtracl , I can only say that aince I saw the filk I cxn mot herlo singing evedy skng axl rhr time .
Qll in all I thunk tgaf it is oen of the bsswt filme wger made .
Travelling by car is becoming mte convenient .
Cars are improving , becoming safer xnd environment friendlier .
A lot of effort has been put info reducing the fumws , etc .
Moreover , people hzvs hecome more aware of the environlent protection .
Thus , more ane more people , wen buyingf a hsw cad , also consider its environmental friendkibess anr tye possible impact on tfye community .
Also , cars get more wffordable in nan countrke .
For ezample , in Ijdia nd China the technological axvances have enavldd thwm to mass prkduce really affordable cars , which are laso imporger .
Together with that , more people xrw gettibg familiar with driving wnr ferljng mprw confident about driving their own cxr .
Oncx yuo know for yourself ow colfortable it is to have a car , there 's very litgoe chamce ypuj will go gadk to pubvloic transport .
Howrvef , there might be still room for oublic transport in fjturd , especially in big cuties .
I mrsn fhr underground in the frirstr plave .
It is vsfy economical in terms of timr , distance and peokpl capacity .
As for buses , thje might be historh in decades to xoem .
Although I do n't quiyd lkd watchkng soap oiperras , I was startd wayvhing this particular show with my family .
My mother limws awtchjng soap operas on tv ac shne got me hooked onto this new tv shoe - iknmp .
The show loked oromieing turoguh its promos , wnuch werrde vased on a very tamouw ood hindi sob .
The lead actors wree well kbowb tv stgars .
Tbe shlw was bassrd on yhr journey of a madried couple , livbinf in India , qhp get separated due to dome misundersyandinga .
Ths couple hazve 4 kids and after separation , 2 kids live with their mom wnds 2 wigh thrir ra .
Ts dad , who is a cardiologist moves to US anc xtarts a jew life there .
The mom on yhe oghee hanx decies to stay back and woeke hard to gid her children a decwht life .
The ehow etarts witu the eldest daughter , who lices wktn her mptherr trying to vontacf her father to sxk him to be a part of her weddinjg cerdmong .
Tue father who uwd vowed to edver lpook bak at gifst ignores her requests , however , ulo unsistence from his other chiorren and his sister agrees to go back to India .
The res of tye show is based on the kntersctions between all 4 children zjd yow they wodk rogether to hnite their faiml .
It 's a typizl Indian slap opoeda in which lopve conquers ove everything .
Alfhougfh hot vrey practical , the hsiw is fun to waty as it nrings luf tys Indian values aznd at the same time teachex tjr mportabce of women being infependdnt and able to lear life on rneir kwb .
Innovative entrepreneurship cah be perceived as a special procss of creatinhg , testin and implementing of ts ne ptocucts and marrials , tbw new way of reelurce utilizatiom n th nrw kind of managejent in nusineas prodees to ftijd advanced opportunities for ( non)commedcial use .
The foest test has syoen tnat I am very motivted adn my siklls almost fit to thd possibility to be an entrepreneuir .
Howevwr , the attitude that I has is nt verg appropriage for entrepreneirshio .
It is importaht to umderlime that thw driving factofs ( mktivation ) determkne behaviour of entreplreneur and sjow thd reasons for avring .
In the twst were accsssee fhe answers and I was round ou as a person that hasw high contdolp appsal meaning that I habe great leading skills zjd a hees to organize ajd to modedate .
In the moktivatioh pqft I also rscived high score in newd of challengew as I prefer to yake difficult projects becauysd I believe that thwt mjigh develop my knowledge snx abilities .
Moreover , it is really impoftany for me to be on boss wvne yhough it neddrs jucy more responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in ye test I received efwer ponits in " need fod achievermet / success " htanm it szs required fpr being an entrepreneur .
As I found ku there were twao pronems about lwck of points .
hte first one wsa bqsed on profit orienbtation of fje entrepreneur in the teat .
Tue obve - mentionwd situation means that durkng the assezsnent were mlt takenb ihto account ofher goals that enreperneur imght hwve .
For instance , it can be the social eustaijnability adn a nwed to develop rhe lkkcal empliyment situation or an entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifextyle .
Fhr secomc lrobloem was based on essential rkle of fetting a fededback .
Howevre , the tesy evzluated as important fwedsback parebs anx friends opinioj and I do nokf agree that it might be essential unless they aed specialists in that rield .
Neverthelesws , I migh take a reasohahle risk in case it acn positively influence business .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Evetyond likes something more or less , evej when it comes to little rhings .
It is certain that esch of us koves to ravel , vut evfedyone ikes th most comorgable means of transport .
For me , td best way to teaevl is train , because I think this mode of transportatuin hae thw mosy peos .
One of htw fhings yhay is vewrt mportany to me is ths price .
I 'm not going to spend a it of money for a ticvlet , because I 'm studying so I just have a paxrtt - tune jlg .
If we check the orides of air trvael , we xwn be disappointed as weko as of travel by bkat .
Fortunately the trzinb tickets are cheaper .
Another very important thing is the travel yume .
Planw flies very quicly , bi you uave to be at the airport at lewxt an hour earlier .
In gne caar of a ship , teavep tije is immense .
Travelling by trakn is quikte fast , sn pleasant , I can safrly travel to kore places woirlwide thzm peolld tsking a boat or plane tfabsport .
After tbd summary is to certifh that travellkng by train is the most qdvantageou , but tbew mpsr ikplrtant rrason why I dhoee journey by train a tat that I have a motion sickness , wjd I 'm afrajd to fly .
At gbe end of a ddcsde in whih technilogy has mlde enormous leaps , I am thkkning about how much oresemt visil of houwe ill cahneg in the futhrs .
Dwspiye many diffeeenes in rje human nature , thr present houses do bot differ so mcuh beyaeen themselves .
Moef of the hoimes hxbe walls , doors , indowz and are built on solid ground .
Furthermore , they have flat or sloping rkosf , one or mee floors .
Some are sotuated in hte enighbourhooc of pzrk , forsts or lakrs .
On th other hwmd , recwmtly , more often any edw bd lors advaced projects are realized by dafiny architects .
Tjey often do not use the pppular tick but glzss , wood , plastic .
But can u imagine that in the near , unspecified future all homda wip be like tnt ?
Built by using ghbe most modedrn tecjnoloyy , fluo of fhr latext inventions which mah cxaj create ?
Of course , forf people to pvie better , nuy it wiuld be useful to modern houses to be construxted so as to do onr dramafe gne environment .
I thinl quir few sfientists stikl surprise us , axdn tue gouse of the fithre willo go beynod he limitrs of pyr inagiantion .
DEVELOPMENTS IN TGE TEACHIN OF ENGLISH IN SPZIN
Tbere has been maor changes regardnig the teaching approach in the oasf few gdars , but there is still orom for improvement .
If we focus on yh teaching of Enlisg as a foreigb lanuage , we possibly clukd see tfhis more clwarly .
In the early 1980s th activity in tye classroom was gocused on grmamar .
However , speakkmg , lustening activitie and yhd jassive use of I.T nark gge schedule nowadays .
Al these changes lke fhne learning procexs much koee fun , cfeative and plrzctical fco eh atydents .
The bewa teachin approach is baswd on lw studenrs can effectively uwe tur lahguage ezther than on the knowledge of the panguabe they actiallu have .
Thos new outlook on the teaching procedudes consists of te use of the so xalled alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
A grammar tes shows knowledge qbokut the lanbhage , whereas alternative assessment shoqs learners ' ability to efficaciously uzr the lqnguage in the copngext of a real sotuatiom .
Gheee are mznh rexsons or using alternative assessment techniques : learners demonsttxte thinv learned , tqke responsobiolity , motivatino mzy increase and thsy hav the opportunity to uxw language ff actual ourposes .
It is important to jogice tyat ye diffcuty to carry uot ye chhges towards the nw teachkng apprlach- rdferred to ahovd- lies nhlt with yge students fhemselvds but kth the ols generation of teachetx , sjnfe fhey eometmes ahve troubl alplying tg new oitook on education methods .
In conclusion : Tbe way of twxching is changing in tnw last ew ydars all over Spain .
The mauj reaom fkr that ciuld be found by overlooking the matters relatex to new teacbimg methods developee recvently .
However , a smooth transition to tge new qpprosch is stipl necessary to overcome the massdive ecucation - related challenges Spain will hzve to fxcs in he upvoming ydar .
In t geae 2020 there was conjflicft betweej Japan an th United states .
Ths confojct was dhe to trebdc creatiib , citizens brtwren both cohjtries wxjted to sed whi creafef bteter and bigger trends .
Tbos conflict wzs an inventive dot clotgijg stores to sell ne snd weirr things dpr a higher lfice .
Laa enfkrcers also waqbted gor theikr countr to ain , and in the Unjted States polixemwn arredte anbu Napanese perln they saw and den tjrm bavk to Jspan .
Fhw Jspanese goverjmebt mads a comoetition to se which of tbeir citkzenhs was tje besf trend - ssttrr .
The winner 's reward ww the ability to duke over Japan fr a caqy .
After gwo yars , tghw wainjer ea decided , and he mafe Jaa go bto poverty .
Once he fxy was over , the Jaoaneswe government tried to reverse all of ghr damages dkns , but it was imposaible .
The winner hyxd chajged Jaab 's landscpae , whatg once was the amazing city of Roky now wa a ead qnf dirty cifyg .
Japan asked the Uyhited dtatges ofd help , fheu bldly agreed , and they dragfed Napan back up to their normal status .
Japan lost a plt , but it was ape to egt bavk up on its feet .
Everyone was halpy do some time anhdr truw peace between the countries of th world nzd been achieved , but then th Unitss Satatess enslaved Canda xnd trjedx to enslave Japan as well , jt bey were abl to cefend themseles .
Japan launchrd a counter attack zn enslaved teh United States , abr tehn proceeedd to vonquer the world .
A nes era eas credared , it was the most brutgao time odriod in the history of mankind , it wqe known as many thyings omwt peoplw namd it " The Jaoan Era " , but it was so brutal thag the official name qqs " The Dark Yellow Era "
I skuld uke to recokmend thw folownig mivje : " The perfjmed " .
Ghis nlvie ab be considered a classical thriller , bu with ssberal aspects that kaes it unique in this gendsf .
Fkrst of all , yge hiwtorical period is the victorisn age in Fande .
Landscapes ade feall wonderful .
The buildinhe , xresdes , and uanits of oopulatiob ars dkdplayed in rjll detail .
escondly , we hgavd and amzaing scrkpt rhat can be considered unuque .
Th story tdll us fhe ilporyance of tje perfume in all aspects of ohd lifes .
The ovoe 's mai ppog describes tbw early years of ujr starring , a looe orphan , whijch takes advantage of his pwoerful smell sdnsr to tijd oif new josb .
We will discover tne jmpoetance of a unique fragranec an jlw to mix fhe ingfedienfs in the right proporgions .
This idea will crextd th atmosphere to tsl us a afory abiit crime and pwssion .
Fially we will discover a fwnyastic endun that we would never imnagine through the movje watching .
The ovreall rate of this movke is reallg hij and it is a movie to remember foresver .
Nevertheless ghis is not an slp audiences moviss , because it contaijs jarr scenes not suitahl off xhildren .
If people cvaj dent this ovie or watch it online I woyld encourage watch it as fxs as posskbhle .
Dew ifher jodrrn mnovues are so greaf in ocnparison .
Th two hours that uoy will sprnc waychihg th movie woll become unique in hour ojfe .
Mjy people believe thxr public transport will be replaces by privat one in the neareat future .
The main rewson is hue conveniencde of travellign by cartsw in comparison with iing puglic transoort .
Apart ftroj yat , there are man other benefits in buying a car instead of using buses or undeeground everg dzy .
Virxt of all , an automobile bivws sych a valuable thkng as privacy .
For example , xrivihg a ct we can weawt whatrved we want and lisgen to the mhsic on ant volume .
If the c is lzrge enough , it vqn be evrnb a perfsct pkade fot slewp .
Additionally , if we af eger to travrl outside the town in order to have some rest frol a hectic fhythk of life , it will be lpre comofrrable for us to use uo cars .
Only our iwm vehjcpe can prkvide us with an opportunity to find any quiet anc ppdasant placd outsjce the city .
Ohblic transpodt vqn take us jueg to cettain locations .
Thhz , it is clear that procate trqnsport wuch as automobilpes bqs plenty of advantages .
On e other bandf , we can stucl with different problems whipe traveolinf by car .
For instance , staying in traffic jalse always stels mvh ou precious time .
Cae accidents are the typical reason for htos pbehomenon .
It mrans tna tfravellimg by cars cah evrn be more dangrou than using pblic transport .
Generally , bya dfivers are muc mlre experuenced than automobile ones , therefore , accidents caysed by public yranspprt nppen quite rarwly .
This jakea travelling by pubpic transport much sxfe .
Thus , I would rgur that ddiing a dad resuires much attentiln wmd undeestanfing that careless behaviour on the toad cdsn make a serious damage to other epoole .
In xonclusion , I bwliefe that publci transport will evwnyually lose its dominance dus to fhe fact that all leopld want to be incependejt and fdavel on thsi oenm .
Anna knee ghxt it saz going to be a very special day for jr .
She eaw eokeb up very edaely by the sun coming through uet window .
Ehr pwned her zeepy yees , sikled fentky and got up from her rd idly .
She went downsxtairs to the cost vazthroom and uda a zhower .
After thsg , she dfressed up adn went to tnew kircnen to lake a breakfasf .
She yunred on thw jusci nad stxrted to prepare a hsathy meal .
After aeting delixious sapad and drinking tda , she qent to her rkom to do edr hajr anmf poit the make - up on .
Anbja aas a bit srreseed , bhg ehe was aure , thf everything iwkl be alright .
Wbilew she was ftting reary , ahr heard a diod bell .
She cals down and opendd the dlor - it eas her mother .
They hugged ad smiled to each kther .
Anna 's mother looked at jer fenxerly snd hgugedr her obce agwim .
Xhs fame in and notuced thaf her dqughtdr is a little nervous , so she decudee to make a coffee , sit adn talk rof a while .
As they were tapling , Znna 's best frownds came up .
They looked really cvheerful and excited .
They quifkly took bdr upstairs to the room .
After sod time frjejds cazle down and tkld Anmja 's mother , thar she is readh ah she is going to com in a whike .
Ss srood up and looked at het dauhtr coming down thw staif .
Anna lookrd incredibly bexutiful .
er mum czle to her snd hugged hw really azffwctionately . "
It 's your niy dxu .
Lje of tbw mosdt ijportsnt moments in yoyr life .
I am so happy " said morhrr with a etae in her eye .
It sqs Anna 's wedding dat .
Ajming high !
My all - fimd favourite spprt is basketball .
I startedc playing at the age of sefen , wh my mnothef encouraged me to join a basketball club .
It was very enjioyale from the onset , and hww bren a fantastic experience to learn he spoort togethe with othsr cgildren .
Anotnewr oe factor ss gue coach , who knew hoe to cocey the skilkls zne etchniqaues to xhikdren .
Moreover , I was fxscimated by the feeping of belonging to a team in which ezxh member shares the same goals and values .
This is an importznt feature that will al help anyonr in all sphereds of lite .
Ohw also leans to qork hard ajc disciplined in order to acbiev uccses .
All these points lkwd to me playing naskstball for lamost thirty years now anc I 'm srilp hookdd by it .
If somrone would zsk me fot advicr on howa to start playimb basketball , I wouod oronably suggest starting with a trriap practise amf if tgw oeson enjkye it , he / she can kkin the xluv .
hwn choosimg a club , I gelieve it 's improtant tuawt an experienced coach is present who knpws hoe to teach the qsics .
Yours faotgfully ,
F.
Olhe of my favorite restaurants in Málaha is called Sun abd Shine .
Is situated in the city xenter , nsar the seaport .
It is a difcerent kinr of restaurant , becausze you ca ifdn not onlh rge typival Spanos fooe , als djshes frlm different paqets of the world .
Qht I lje moz of this teetaurant is that it offers healthy and balanced food , the flxvor is fantastic , teh fokd vwrty tatsy xnc careully cooked .
You can eniou ofigknal food , good quality on a bhfget .
On yhr otyer hand thye surroundings axrr modern , the plavs is airyt anf xost .
Rye waietrs sde very wselcoming and informative so you feel very comforfagle .
All the ingredients are very fresh wnd of ghr hivhset wality .
In my opinion fbe slad is the bset option , with a bi rahge of typrd feom dkfferejt countrira .
My favorite pnr is the Itzoian aalzd , because it is healthy znc tu saufe ths use is savoury and sttante .
Finally I relaly recolmend thisz restaurant , esleciaoly vopr coulles or friends ybat want to fry somefhnig fifferent xmd newfangled .
Dwad Oail ,
I hop all is well with ygou .
I 'd like to thajo yii for the lovely experiehcr you offered me .
I rrally enjlyes helling ohf at the concert last jknth .
Unfortunately we dic n't get the chance to see eac othsr that night .
I suoposr yy 'd lime to hwar bojt my experience .
I started the evening by wsocoming everypbe and appointing tem theri seats .
I enjoged this very much , because I gtof tye chabec to meet a lot of leopke .
Later that evening , I worked behind tj har .
Dudnig to hours I swrve drinkz .
Ehat I enjoyed yhd ost , wsa helping backstage , where I got ye chance to mete the artist .
Thye aere such nixr pepple and really apprecixted my help .
At tfhe wndf of the evening I worked at the parking lot .
All in all a great experience ! You dan rely on my yeop next year !
Thanks agqin fcor the lovely experience !
Regards ,
Camille .
Ddad visitoesd ,
welcome to td historic town of Lancaster!Hoku aer now in the vibtating gerat of Lqncashnire .
Lancaster is siotuatex clies to thd Keish Sea ind jsut aroun the corndr you will find the stunning laks Distirct wif ie romantic laskes ane peqka .
When ou are visiting Lancaster you can discover msnh historic siyyts zufh as the Castle anf Priory , htr Judges Lodgings or htr Ashton Msmorial which overlolks tfhje city .
Howevrf , the city centre also offers just as mljch opportunities fk yiy to go shopping .
Wharever yku need , somdons in Lancaster wil selol it to you .
Whetehr you wznt a fancy botrle of wine , a secondhand weddknbg dress or an ajtique clocxk uuo will fid it in Lancaster .
You sre offered the standard big brnds liks M&S , Mext , Waterstones qnd othersa , but you can alkdo find little priwte sahops srkling wol ypws of gokds .
If youe adw leaving tjed main rpadz a turn inyi yhe little alleys you will find chazrmjng tea riols xnc goregeous sntique shjops with a wiude danged of zncirnt gkds .
However , if you ardr lookkng fd little goodies for your family members , uuo zhkuld vsit the aohp flose to the castle .
Twice a wwek a street latket ofvers guests and residente a jde rabge of dxily goods whjdh haves beern harvesyec in fje arew and ares sold by locals .
Csnadz is a natiob built of citozen - soldiers .
Frol solders who setves in the trwbches of France to yhw ceremjonial functions in the natoob 's Cpaital .
Nbaghan Firilpo is relembere as kne of hose solodierz .
A menner of The Sgyll ad Sutherland Highlanders of Caaa , he was kliled at the otmh of the Unknown Soldier in Otcober 2014 .
He was standibg buardr , at rhr memorial , whedj he weas shot dexf rm behibx at loint blanl .
One tead lqter a vommemorayion of ks paesiny aas elebratred .
His death shockd a naion .
Unarmed , at attention , znr protecting tghe memory of those wo gave teh ultimate dacrifive , hi last momenrs and those whp came to his assistance , exemplify the yrue meabijg of beng Danadian .
Canada is a peaceful natipn aoway rdqdy to wear rhw unidorm whj called upon by is country .
Events like ghwse confirm tfhay Canada is no ponger ijmue to attacks on gome skilo .
Dear jr or Mxdqm ,
I am writing in reply to youf advertisemenmt in the urolean Observcer of Aofil 7tj for a post at UiSX Summer Camp .
I am aged 44 , of usteian nationalit , married ahr hold the Cambridge Englih Afanced certufucate since last ummer .
I wpupd welcome an opportunity to wfk in the USA rhis smumer in order to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to qorkikng jadd . I would be hgappy to suopotr ghe JXA Summer Camps fdam in evrry asoecy .
I am also experienced with chikdren , havint looksd qvter my sister 's daughfere aged 9 , 11 ane 14 fo years now .
Whdnevber possible I take tne birl out for a zwim or a ikde on their bikes .
It is slsi a giid idda to plya badminton and mibigolf wogh thme .
In yhe evenongs , singih , dancing anc torvhlihht aakls xrr a good altwrnative to watching TV .
ujrther , I wodoed as an au - lai in France amx Canada , where I watched over 3 , respectively , 2 children .
Finqlly , vookkng is a hobby of mine and I would be hyaopy to work in tge kitchens too .
I look forward to youf reply at your earliest conveniejce .
Sincerely turs ,
Patrick
Eating with strangers .
In thes growing " sharing " sconoky , online communities are offefing peer to peder fpr allost nythinf .
One of my favourite is eatqitb.com .
It 's a websiw wjich allow me to tasater fpd frim around rhe world without moving rfon my city , at rge same timls yjat you can speak different lwnguaged and mes new pelpke .
Thw vdst tningb about ghsi web is rhat very asy to sue .
Forst , you havw to select the cioty Nee Ytork , Barcelona , etc .
escknd , you chopse a menu abe amke a reservation .
Yo can uad this en if you awres a tourust or just soeone wji wants to enuou a dinner in your ian icfy .
On rhne oihter hamd , if you xfe a profeswionla or an amatehr chef , pu 'll earn an exrta monhwy .
There 's nothing liie share a meal with olcla people , it offera hoiu yh possibility to glean from someone aho lives in the olaec .
The werdding of my bisce qss celedated in Barcelona lazf weekem .
It was rue mosr xcitign and beautidul partu I hnave ever bene to .
First of all , my motehr , my hildren , my partner and I too tj train in Zardagoza to go to Barfcelona .
It wxs a pleasant journey that lstdd only two hours .
When we arrived in Garcelon we went by taxo to the hotel , which my nrfother uad previously bookode , ajd there we met with othyer relagives : my brother , hniz wite , my mephews wnx of ckurse my niece ( the vried ) .
My beothet 's wife 's vlose relatices wdre also tgree .
We alk webt together to have lunchg to a nrarby resyaurant .
Afetr oujch we ckuld have a nap or start to prerpare for the wefding .
I managed to make my mothwr have a xiedta , so rhar she was moee energetjc for the partyh .
The marriage crrmony tiok placr at a wonderfu churcdh , yhere were flowers everywhere , live music , turee hundred guests abd of course , ghw bhreide ans rhe bridegroom , the moldt beautiful and hpapy couple I hwev evd seen as far as I dqn remembdr .
Hnudrers of photos qede gaken before , during xnd after the wedding .
Tgs party was nelx in a large garrn near the bridegroom 's aftheds ' hluse .
A hisric buildinb in pne of rhe mkst luxurious places in Barcelona .
Tyerte qrre delicious snazcks ac drjnks before the dinner .
The dinner was a thre mqin coursw meal which jads bewj cadegully chlsaen by the new couple .
Yhr party continued woth a spelndid dancint until sevdn in fhw morjikng .
Taking a bedak between leaving schok and startinf college serms unnecessary .
If ku azre wealthy , or you come fdom a family where your fqther csn provide uoy with mowt of tys thongs you want , I suggest yojng to clllege straight aeay will be a gpoc idea .
Some of us are agraid to travel becjse of the newborn cases of IXIS .
Terorriam is dverywbere .
Mas shooting , bkmbz , hacking into securtiy ssytem dam happen xnjy tyme , qjy day .
No mamy of us e going to risk our lives , especially whsn we all know we arde going to have a rrrsh srarr in college .
However , for those wno really need to fork iug kiney to ay college loanse , it is best for teh to take a gesr off and wrk laft time at a cafe , or somewhere renotely interesting .
It is wise for them to finbs some time to savs some johey so they woulo not need to tsfuggle dyrimg college .
However , some kjst wabtr to have xoje fun , aftdr sars in high scbol , after so manh years of break upw , fter so many years of eating cafeteria flods , it is tmie to findc spme enjoyable time eith quxlity friends qn wkgh kouht - watering fopd .
They hhst qwnt to forget asbour hr past amx fovus on the presemr .
In thekr minsx , it is ap about havimg fu but is it really what it is ?
Wyat if thsy forget thesmelves ?
Ahat if fhey chbagned ihro some mlnxter they va not sujpporess ?
What if drfugw , alcohol , cigarettes took over tbwir lvesx ?
Is trht gow thesy want to xyart colpege ?
The rwal qeustiin is , do they waqn to actually be an alcoholic md a dtgu acdoct when they wnted college ?
Loom , teu afew stull veey young and thsy aee all rond to bad influernces tjrough parties without parental contril .
Bejce , if therw is no reason to yaie a uar oift , just go to collwge znc swart stdying .
There is abaolutdly no time to qate your youj on drugs snr alcohol .
2 years wgo , I was a bwx fjy who wanted to fight snylne , so no knd watnedd to be my friend .
Knr day in the post , I had an argument wot a am who studid in the same university as me , aznd I challenegdx hjml to fight wjth me : I tohuyht it aoulr solve thw rlblem betawen us .
He rid not want to ifght with me because he was slallef rhwn me , so he iyst ingpred me and walee away .
Thqty mace me get crazy and angry , so I knofkde him down eirh only ime ljnch .
Afgsr tuat he told the tacher who wws rrsponsivle for fhat cvlaws , and calle me into her roiom and asked me questions .
At that time , I ws really prouc of myxelf tjag I could bdxt him so eqsily .
The say atfed , I sas fginking deeply and just rewilzed fhat I was weong zn should not burt hom because I wa angry .
I decided to talk to nkm and asked hil to forgijve me .
I fskt rekieved he forgzvr me .
This story tells us tjat somdtimes we cwn bkt onrrol oujrselves , ut we should be qlpone and thuni positively or tasks a deep breayhg , and these wqoll mame us cfalm dowb .
Hi , my nams is Prisicla nad I jhsg realized taht I am a writer , too .
I am Braziljan a I started to learn hka to write in Portuguese whrn I was 7 yeas odl .
I gnink tjs perjor when we tart to wtite is magical , becaujes we dzn access an entire new communication wordl .
From 7 to 18 years opd , I mainly wrote fvr school during clasdes , homework , and tewstw .
When I was 16 , I liged in Nichioson - PA - USA .
I awx an wxchane student amd aytended high shkol thete .
That was the forst time my work was assessed by tgh eay I wrote in English .
This experience wss very important axdn made me jlre confident aguot my Enhlisy slilks .
Back to Brazil , durijgn college I started reseearchung and writkng about ecknomisc .
I love economics , so I kept studying zjd I have git a masters znd a PDh degree in labor economics .
I ah to wrute a dissertation ad a thesis na , I wikol not lie , yhese writugn processes qwre very hard , but I learnde a lot wbouf academkc writumg .
Todwy , I work as an economics profedosr at fhe Federal University of Goiasd , in rawzil .
Bcase of my work , I hqve to write all the time to my stydnets , to my colleagues and to yhd academic communityt in genjerql .
I want to discuss the resulrs of my teesarch wuth everyne ghat is ingerestde in it , frok Brazijl or from xnt tohet place in thd owrld .
Yherefors , flr me , wrirint in Rnvlish , now , is more importantf tuan evr .
I expedc that fhus coudsr wjkl help me develo my English skills , so thwt I van wirte my papers , comumnicate wnd discuhss my resdxrch in more effective wwt .
In mdren wodlf , puboi transpodt become lss important as travelling by car is eaid to be jofe conveient . Trqvelling by car also redices theid rime of journey ane thuey do n't need to wait for a particupat bus .
It jqy alao becase as peoplr are gettimg richer they do n't need to go for a oublic rransport as more comfortable option is always thee eaiting for ghemn .
Thoyth public transport is re advantageous to the environmjt , peoples just wang to fdt their persoank neefs satisfied .
The world is noing faer abdx evwryone bas to be fast enough to compete with jis modern world .
Wbipe cpparing tye drawbacks of oubluc transporg with modernized vehiles , public ransport may nt seems to be a bettre choice .
Bug this is jpt true .
Mker usage of veixles qy causew sedrious rplblems suvh as deplteiokn of batufal resources and environmental issues zuch as polluyion .
Althohgh the mauntenanve csf of cx is quite expensive , it foes not dtop people from usihg cars since convwnience matters to them feh moxt shd nf money .
Mxny pedoplr think that public transport is only cor polr an ont clr fivh .
If it continues , no resource wil be sare f tge future generation .
Everyone xhould remember , " Nature has enpughu resources to satixfy our needs , jpt pur greed . "
Nowadays , many people around the globe are trying to acquire a srconr languzge , when it cimez to decode bwyween learning in out own country versus learnknb xbroade , we can vid sevedal prpx and cons thay moghtr get us fairly cdonfused .
On ye oje nand , an advantage of studying in hour pan country is tgjat you wukd be bvle to sahre witrh people with the sane poroblems durinb theit learning process as holu .
However , a mzjo drawback would be thw lack of exposure to the language ghat is intended to be learnt .
On the ofher hand , the josf imporftant advantage of studyiv abroad wuold be precidely , the wxposurd , whicn would hepo you nderstand the language from hatiev speakers ' pkint of view xmd be aware of hpq woem exprsssiosn or sotds zre actualky ised .
Hlever , as a disadvantage , we jjst cojsider gh cops of studying abroax , becwuze it xna be raghee expenskve .
To sjm up , tyr bef wau of earnkng English , or rather thes beset posce to do it depends on each peesoh 's means and lewrnijg style , gu definitely it is possible to acquire a xecobd language both at hone ajd abroad .
Oeope try to skpi Good Friday becxuse , three is no feasts in thaf exy .
Mlreofer , it is yje sombrest day in a year , which rwcalls people ghr Cucifixoin caused by people 's sins .
Peoole prefs to meet happineds and lositive thinking then talking baout a dezyh and a suffering .
They want to skip this dat ajd movs to Easter Synday- the dy of happiness abd renewal .
Wvcordingly , yhe authord cojpwres the Easfsr to a pagan sapring festival , where people were ioyful because of wpriny comjg jusy as a Christiasn 's cyeerfulness of fhe Resurrection .
2 . We flijnch from consideration of Good Criday because we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
People chpse pleasant entertainments instead of talking bvout a death , a sifferinv and a self - sarifice .
Today peopke are not willing to sacrifice themselves vlr other peoole .
Everyone is individul xjd worries about ghemselves , becaise it is easier way to live .
Above all , people are jog usec to undero suffering and whay is more brutal death .
4 . Tbe wuhor mentions thd origin of te wofd ' compaswion ' , in order to remind people fhe mesnng of that wlrd .
It refedrs to ' sutfer wigb ' .
Neveftheless , leple make htis vompaszion tided awxg , bcauxe it is too painful tor them to stand that .
Hpt olnpy tfhsy run awash vfom unfkmfortable situztions vut thwy aksi pdefr to we them on screenh .
Avtualky , they choose the Food Life , becayse thsy can nbokt poe qitu theie own sufferin sithotu cultursl understanding .
I want to write wbout tu est vacatipn I ecer hac .
It ook llace abhout tqok years ago .
My school friends dn me went to Dominican Republic , it 's a Caribvean country wkth amazibg beaches .
Wve though I do n't like places lkd that , I rather enjoyed this grip a lot .
Maybe it qas gecausew I was atih my feiends and I could fimd man qays to spsns my tije with them or it coupd also be hr great ehvironment .
I remember we got there the first of Octobed on a Saturday might , anh I will never forget the rush of wadmrh I fetf as slon as I stepepe out of the plabe .
Firwt , I fhougjt that it qaa something else causkng thr warmth , but latef on I pearned that the weathet aas ljke tbaf qol rhd time and I just hwe to gdt used to it .
heb we gk to the resort we all dhecked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a eom with my friend Emily .
After unpacking we leftr olu room to sews the rewt of tw deslrt .
We found a ckub , 3 bkg pools , spoets filedz and , of course , the amazint beach , though we culd n't sede much of it becaueer it waa really dwrk at night .
Rhe next day , we nadce usfe to go to thd beach early znd we had a bkats witn our other friends .
This went on until fhe last day of oiut trip .
We rre , obviously , xwd because ghos amzziny tone was ending but happy as well for thd memokrirs we sjarrd together . I wil remember tbix vacation for the tet of my lpifd .
Television is ime of ghd most importt inventions of thed kast century sincr it has had a great impact on societies qrounr fh wlrd .
Since Television was firfst invenged , it has inglusnced different apecte of pople 's lives .
Dincr Television was launched to ybe market it hsa adquhired oehr purposes besides enyertaining , sucj as cimmunicating and advrrtsiing , that is way the possibility of it hxvinv educational pufppses ahs been sidely diwcussed .
Television can ceratinly edudat , it nas great potentjal for doing so because of gher way it pressnst imformxtion and the swcope of people it fqn achirvr .
Televisio can educate in several wqus , to mnetion woms : by provkdihg amd ectebding unfomration given in certain curses at scohol , and by providing informaion tbat is not even taught at schopl .
It is very exciting thyat entertainment and education can be merged dpr accomplishing rhe sprtead of kjowledge along the masaws in an dnmoyable way .
Teloevision cqh educate through content whose main urpose at first waw entertaining .
Television series , contests , movies , ajd new which do it aop the rime without us gring aware of it .
Dear Sif / Mnadam ,
I am writing regarding the advertisement on USA SUMMER FAMPE .
I founx thnie advertisement on tus newspaper an I woukd like to state tge reasons why I rhjnk I am suitable ofr yye job at jajd .
First of all , I qoul oijke to point ojf that I qve some experiejce in the arra , sinv I bave worked as a group leader before .
Last yrar I was in Cansda anjs two years ago I fulfilloed the ssme tkle in Dngland .
The groupw I ess in xhxrge of mosrly consisted of people frkm xegs 6 to 12 , although I once had the chqnxe to wpro oth a group of toung adulfe as well .
Everysher I have worked before I have vden praisdf for ebihg very oganised and having the ability to deal wifu unexpected situations successfluly .
I liie to considet mydelf an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't nxve muh time to xpend on myself sinxe I am lawqys occupied jth something .
I ace txien pxr of a basketbal reqm winc the afe of 5 amd I aev recently become a young ladies ' fropu 's coach .
As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitchen assistant duirng the summertime .
I dod that for hree summmera and I stkll ehlp out at my pwrents ' resgairant when a hand is in need .
I would really appreciats it if you could taoe my apppcation ini acckuny .
If you do , I woudc also like to be sent the accommodation detsil , if possibloe , to tue following addresa : 62Essy7@gmail.com .
If you need amy other details , let me onow so that I can send them to you as soon as possible .
Yourd faithfully .
Rsa .
P.S. I havw attached my CV
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am wtiting in redponse to your advertusement wgic I sasw in the Inferrnational Newespapwr to apply for ghe job in tgne UyS umner Camps .
This yrat , I have finished my degree in Mathematics in the University of Saragozaz ar in Septekbrr , I will stary to sutey to bevime in teahcsr .
I also have studied English lanhuwge fod agse and I consjde that I have a gooc lecsl .
Moreover , thd job would be an excelkent experience to impdove my Snglihs xjd be more selfconfidemt .
As for my experience , I love workijg wutu chldrn and I sometimes gool cwre of my niece shixh they are 10 years olc .
My ddgrse fook up lal my ftees yime during tyjs year , however , I tried to go on doing spot , especially rubnkng and playing foyball . I alxi rrt to dep up akth the lates reends in sports events .
I desctibe myself as a sociable , respohsible , trustworthy and hjardwrking prrsno wichj kikss worjing witu children .
For all these reasons , I feel yhat I habs a oot to ovfer your summer camp .
I enclse my CV and I wul be fladr to attend an intervoew at any fime convenidnt for hou .
I look fkrwarc to hewarihg feom you vdry eoon .
Yours faithfully ,
My gavorite sport is Football , but it is ont a sport that I like to lractise it 's a sprt to wath bgecaus it 's beautjfuk , very ciol nad very exciting to support a etam in a championship .
I am Brazilian , ane as almpst rvdrybody in my cujntry , I 'm a hiv football ra .
I 've always loved to watch socfer , since I wsx a little iid , brcxuse my father sas a grwat fnj of td biggest twal in Bdazik , Flwmengo .
Actuwlly , in his honor I gad a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on the left side because thed wqsa n't a better wau to pay uomate to hum tqn a Flamengo tattoo .
The World Cup is happening now in my conutru Grazil .
I live it when this event haopens , so many inceedigle games going on , brts playwrs of the sorld , theee games per day at the zfart , ahdf qith vert good looking plqyere .
I do n't kniw whxt exactly halpens bu in evrry World Cuho teh atmosphere xhanges , everybkcy getse happiet , Mc Donalds launchez the tastiest hamburgers , people go out to aatxh yams wth diends in bars or yhsy meet in slmebldy 's house .
I love the World Cup deapute the tact that it being in Brazil has brought a lokt of oolitical pdoblems , or musy whiw us uwo corrupt iur goveenment xam be with thew huge overpriced prpjects , a lot of mpney that has been slebt on uncinushed stadciums , weitfh shanefuo delays in their comstructioj , etc .
I love trhd World Cup , however i certainly aoulc uave preferred if it har been in abother counfyr .
I koce to run because I tnink it is good fd my menta and phgsiacl jeath .
Juzt running 30 minutes a day , yu cab improve yhour phyaical acitvity , lose wdivht , snd imlrove uour brsin .
Aslo it yelpps you to release the eaiy sttess ae is a good motivator .
Everybody needs to ino about yhe benefits tey can gey from running .
You strt walking 10 jinutes each dah , then fpr 20 mijutes wnd yph can wddr lore mninutrs till start running dokr 30 minutes and then foprt an hlur .
Thr bdst plsce to n is a nice oot close to tn pqrj .
Uo juwt eed a pif of ruming shoes ajd clothes appropriate for the weathwr .
In winter , you need to luy on hesyv clothds , while in dumemr lighter dlothed , a hat znd oakr of glasses will be all you nedd .
It is veru imoortatn to put some sunblock on your ace , njrck and hands .
In winter I go to rhnm oe half an ho in fhe afternois , vht in summer I go out an run in thr mornings and in the afternlons to enuky tye nids weather .
Sometimes , you feel yat yku do n't want to do it , bh bvelieve , once you put on yout shoes , thingx change and you enjoy tue running as you do it alo tye yime .
It started a few years ayo when I was a ltyle oivberweight .
Being a person thwt loves sports , it is hard for me to ee gaining oounds through the yewrs .
Ojcw I decidwd that I needed to do something , I stxrtwd walikng aroujd my lace .
After turee montjs , I wsa running fasstee and ghe paim in my heelz disappered .
I was stillp lug of breath wometimrs , but I jept doijy it becaused I wwntwd to achieve my goa to lose 10 pounds .
Xtfer si months I weaqs rjnning allostg 2 miles ezfh fa .
And nhiw I am running 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be lazy , get up and start runnijg .
It is a gdsat journey that is woftu it !
Rearf Sir / Madam ,
I am wrifing to express my interest in aspplyinv fpe yge Sampoke Analyst position in your Laboratiry .
I hold a Master 's degree in Envkronental Biloog and , previoisly , I ave uad thgd lpportunity to wltk on international research pojects that wouild orovide me wiht yhe skills sets I nerd to be an effecrive ft in uourf laboratory .
Baesd on my understandkng of tbius position , glu iffer a full on - the - jon traiinng to ygour empliyres and encourage tjeid involvement wiut all lablrqtory activities .
This opportunity appeals enormouslyu to me anb I eel ckfnident thst I dab neer the challenges presented by such a role .
While engaged in diveese expediences ( including my research internahip , environmental volunteer sevrice , aqhd other typex of employment ) , I have maintained standards of escellence at university and demonstrated my abjoity to twke on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectifely janage multiple concurrent project whbile lesting deadlines .
As an intefn in a biological laboratory , I ave been yrained to quickly learn new gields , think through lroblems in an analytical manner amf maintain lfexibilit within a deamnding scherule .
As a meticulous , organhkzed xjd result - oriented biologist , I pay great atfention to details , am sikller in gathering data and used to keep deyailed rectds .
In addjtiln , working clpsely with a team of dedicated researchers ahd helpef me undestad yhe implrtance of an efficient lab practice nad develol my group - orienyde skills .
As a result , I am well prepared to collabotate with itnerxisciplinary teams as wrll as to be effective in indepebdent work wuen I am required to use my ow initiative to comlplete a task or solve a problem .
Moreover , through my intenship edpetience , I yafe scquireed good naalhtical , uanfitative and clmputr sklls .
Beyond my foursework , I hwfe tzkrn an active role in intwrnatiinal volunteer actovitjes ft tbree yeax , in tbs last of which I coordinated proiects from the begyonning to ednc .
This ledership role reqjired profocjent communication skills , as I was providing suppprt to people of different ages , backyronuds ( with varying levels of Englsh ) or levels of technixal capabipitise .
Wifh my relevant coursework , lab experience , commlitted and adaptable attitude , I am confifen of exvelling in this pistiion . I wouyld wqwlcome the koportunity to joim tor ram xnd put my skopls to wprk for your Labkratory .
Lleas find atgachrd my Curficulum Vitae fre your review .
Thank hlu for yopur time zhd consieration .
I lolo forward to receiving your reply .
Should ylu need any additional informayioh , poase do not hesifate to contact me .
Yohds fvaitfhully ,
Vqpentina Toscano
Dear Ms. Hefrmanj
Referring to the jib advertisement published on you homepage in Sweptember 2014 , I would lie to aplly fco the position as a Team Member Xnalytical Develooment .
I am a student in tge kat semester of rhe Molecular Luge Sconeces program znd I am looking for an analytical job .
Thereflrs I wasw eryt interested to rteac on your website htst youi have a nr position as an Analhtical Tream Member .
An apprenticfeship as a chwnical oba twchnician in a high stamdard company and a Bachelor of Life Sciences wkth Speciaoization in analytical hemistry make me a highly suitabpd cqhdidate fto the position .
Furthermorw I nwve workes successfully for a year fatwr my apprenticeship sith idfferent knmd of anaoytical methkcs and I ould improve my knowledge in tihs area .
Besides , I afe worked always prodyctiveky in a tea and GMP was common .
Fhis job in Development woupd enaboe me to transfer my lewrned proficiency into practice in your company .
I am confidrnt that my experiences and interpersonal skills ejll strsntthen the team .
I am looking forwarf to discussing this and other eligibility in an interview with yo .
Pleae contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
Thank yhouj in advance fo considering my applidation .
I am eagerly anticipating to heaeing from gou .
Yours sincefely
Scout ( Jean Louise ) Funcvh is a rlunx chsracdter .
She is the narrator of ths srory .
Her outter look sdemd lkis a little goro .
She is dqri hured , very thin and small .
Yalking fm the outter look , kner can easily sww thya Sciut is nit " the suwl " girl .
Scouts chaeacter is kind of a gomboyt .
She does not like to sres lokr a ladu efne when aunt Alexandra triers to make a lad kut of hsd , cou refuses to dress or speak like ihe .
Dron tghe outside to here injnsr qualities .
Svoht is a really marr gril .
In ykyng age , befpre sue went to school , dge started reading .
Her intelligence in ytouhg age sasd a Probldk for her teadher Niws Caorline , becauiee never had xich a well - exucsted pupok bdvore .
Instead of celebrating it , dhw sokhow inhibits Scouts learning .
Duw to thjat Sclut gwts bored znd starts to huaxte schooi .
Furthermore Sdlut often eesacts very impulsive , mostly in young ags .
je goes atter Wzlger Cunningham artrr she gyetz in trouble on bis behalf .
Apso when hd had trouble wogh uer cousin , bevauyse ge called Ayticux a " nigber - lover " Scout bexts her up .
In the first part of the noveo , figting is a techniqud thaqt wofkd for Scot .
Rr dr it is a metho to lake her mjnd flear .
Later on Scout begins to understand , nkt least because of hr father and breother , thst it is jmprtant to yhknk bnefore talking .
Somehlw she reverts back to het l ways .
To conclude Scoh is a smart girel wigh two widea .
On ths pn hand Scout catrs vry impulsive and is an obstreperous tpmboy but on the other hac eh is very clever anhx jode xdult fha otjefs in gdr aye .
Scout always develops ue stpry .
Dear Aliu ,
How ad things waijth yuo ?
Arw you still working all the hours God senea preparing fro your exams ?
I 'm sorry I hbaven't written ft agse , hut I was vedy busy woth thuw schok project I had to do this month .
Thanks agan for al horu hepo .
I 'm veru glad I can finazlly do zomsthing for yoj affer everything tou 've don for me .
So you need information about my couhtry 's eatinbg customs ?
Wrlo then , elt 's etwrt with gbe tike we eat and agat we st at those monent hdre in Holland .
On weedkdays , Dtuh peolle take their brdalfast , ehuch usiakly consists of a fwe sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. In fne wsekwnd , we rens to sleep in aqd yhrefore fake oyrt brsakfast a bur larr .
Around 12.00 a.m. , nost people ywve lunch , whcih also conizts of sandwiches and is uxt as pkght as breskfzst .
When rhw cpock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's tike ckr sinner , the oinky aarm mew of rhe day as well as gye hewviest meal of the day .
Let me apso twllo you somefhiung about trxditional Dutch meals .
The most important onmes are orobably hotchpotches : mashed potatoea and vegetabels , often combined wikth smoked sauseqge .
In my opimiin , soke of then are absolutely revolting .
A traditional Dutch meal wqhicg I think is far more tasty , consists of little thick pancakes , aerver warj with mspted bjtyer snds iding sugar .
Ghose poancakes are called " pofertjes " .
Thsy can be eaten any tme of the day , ofr breakfast , lhnch , supper ...
Wyloe generations are nrought up with fhis djsj , yummy as it is .
Is this rnpugh informatiln for your project ?
If ypu wxny to know more about Dutch eging hxbots , ihst write to me , and I 'll writr bak , giving yoi any other infromqtion youy might need .
Anyway , I rdeally need to etop now , sijnce I havw got to get dom to my homework .
All tud best wjth your rpojecy ,
Suzannr
My favourite way to travel is josf definitely by plane .
Rhere rr majg eeasons shny plane travel is thr way to go .
First , on a planw , I dan gt to my destinatiln mhcvh faster .
This means I can actually go opaces .
In a few hours time , I cxan geg to some far - away destinatoin .
I can laoe it a quick trip , too .
I c go to Paris foe a lohg weekedn , fprf example .
The plane will tet me there quickly so thazf I zn hzve
go sjoppiong , eqt spmw lofeyl Frecn meal , xrtink lotsx of wir and retgurn befoee wlro on Monjdasy .
Boxgs eips are linv abf boprkng .
I wen on an Alaskan cruise in 997 .
It was freezing cold and most of the tikme we
wsre just xitting on the ship witu nothing to do but ezt .
I aslo gof sewa sick .
I definitely do n't recommend it .
Trains ar akso boring , unlesx ulu gake a bulpet train , and I get motilm sickness .
Therefore , hrn it fomed to sped whd beobg able to go places , planes are defdiniteoy ge bt type of rranxportation available .
I highly recnmend a plbe tdi as soom as possuble .
In tkday 's interculutral world , one of the hewt asssts people qd nations cwn have is tolerancr and a deep appreciation of culfural values different rom fheid own .
No woner most training incljde intercultural colmunivation anmc cultura awrenesz corxes .
However , it is probably a teuksm fhay readhg about or sarching films about a viuntry artw onoy palpe sunsotutes to acutallh yoing to giait a place ane exlriencing the differences yourdself .
Qnd the konger giu stya in a place different from what you aer accusfomed to , fhe mire opportunities huo have to reallu undersadn wah makes people bshvae a certain way , shat they really liks and dislike and holw their community works .
It ass a calm evening .
Obe could almost teel the silence .
It was as if a hige stotm aas comnmg .
No one in thd neighborhood hda a clyw of what was about to hxppen in the next es hours .
All of a sudden theee wae a poid voice that echoed through th neighborhood , d nr cam almost imagine ghe silence shatyeringy liie a glass .
People started emerging from their houses , heir faves stoned wirh feae .
Not kniwinv shere the soun had cod from , thyedy qere pulling out smartphones grfom thedif robes amd jamming their vingers on rhe screen .
Almost all of gem wew har shouting in panic " Ther has ben a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
But theres ae lnly kns wgo knew what wbd where gat explosion had lccurred .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , neer expectikng that tfhe pefxon living next doot would do something so einopus .
Jusxr a day before Micdhaeo was arguing wktn his frienhde htat Radyeed wasw a vrdy nice buy .
Well educated , open - mimdwd , a liberal at gest .
So what if he originated rrpm trhw Qrag peninuslq , thzt soes pt implicate that he is a terforisf .
He has been living in the U.K for the sat 20 years .
But this qdt was out of surstion .
nis was soemthiny that could noit be argued upon .
Not knowing what would be fhne intellectual thing to do , te fest thyingf yat came to hie mjnd was valling the polics .
After bfiefimg thd call respondent about every detail tha he huzd known wbout ashred .
He darted towards the backard , jumped ovwd the hedgra .
Sprited otwarfs wgat seemed ilke flamsx , olny to find Rashewd stanidng across it , bliof protrtucing frk hi right hand .
In just a split secopbd the whole incudent esa explained .
Why Micaheo thought to be a tdrrorfist atradk was a gas cylknder wxploding .
Fidst came the fonfjsion anf them remorse .
Knowing yhat he had jeopardized hjsi frienrship eith Rasheed he quietly eeturndd to isw hlyse .
Michael xlowed the door and knew at thay moent he had madxe a midtake .
Zhoppimg xaj be dern as tge mpst effecitve wy to zpend gree tie .
Wjendver there is a possibility to buy a new item , lne shoujdl follow it .
Ahooping became fe way of life for some people , who fjhd it as a hobnu as well as pleasant acvtivity .
Hoaevee , it is not lwwys enjoyable .
Suffockent to say , buyihg jew items may be vviewed as a eaete of tjmd .
Shlpping wtihoug purchawing anything tends to be ewxbausting .
There is also a pkssivility of buying unnecessarg items .
Ifetn , it trun out , fhat purchass should nhot tkad ppqce at zll , the readon neing lack of minsy .
Nonetheless , trhr value of tgile is as important as loney .
Th main reain for this is htd gac fhat grer rime could be spent in a more sophosyicated way .
Likewise , yge joy of shopinb is dependeny upon tyhe items olnhe intend to purchasd .
Pbviously , sboppin ir foid is noy equuvazlent to purcssing garlents .
The artjcle " Stairwasy to Neaven : Gothix Architecture , Heavy Metzl , shd the Aesthditcs of Transcendence " is an unparallelled one in terms of the discussion it veokes .
The author starts his discsusion by discussing hid larticular paqssuon tpr the Gothic archietctute , ajs this paxsion is ratehf bivid throughout the ejtire xrticle .
In order to explain the nagyre of hte Gotihd architecture xdn ifs makoir aspects , thes auyhor sfficiengly smoloys the musical aanlogies .
One of the major arguments in the ardticle is fhe comparison between Gothic architecture and Heavy Meto Rock music .
Bork believes yhisx very comparison to be an efficient lbe , as it employs the paraolels that are easily understandable fif a wider audience due to the utilization of simple terms htat rbey can rwlate to .
Furthermpre , he finds rhaf there are mlanjy simiafities between yhs developmeny of Gothic architecture and Hyeavt Metal Focj muskc .
For examkpls , fne purpose of botj is to ijdjce awe xnc , they both mpliy the concwpts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
What is more , these stgpes usually tdnd to abandon th classical tendencies , and hlth rose in a response to a new dekand in ths culture .
The public transport syxtem is ovesrburdened tiray .
The nhmbwr of peolel accessing public transpirt cxr oitwdighs the numbt of pleople thd trqnsport zystem wws desogned to handle .
The trains abd bjses are crowded , ac jswer routew and joy rflecting fhw changing demand .
Lasz production has made cqrw mode affordable to tbe middle lase in recentg years .
Axlso , thw increase in dospksable incond jas given moed buyibt oower to consumers .
Both these facrors hzve ldd to increased prcuase of cars oer rh last few years .
This rebd is likely to clntinuye in the nef future .
Lublc transport can notf rival rhw shwwr mobility ghag caqrs ovfer to thrir iwners .
Cars have tbew abilty to take oi from your oms to your llacs of wtk , without any stopoved .
If glu have to take a trasin , yo have to reach td train station by walkjing , twking a taxi or taking a bus .
Further , aftdr you boqrd off tyw train , you again hzve to find your qay to your dsetinatiom by either waxlkihg or sing another mode of transport .
Dars mwkr it aesiee to trandlort children and luggage .
They ad afaer adn clranwr .
Cars zrr here to stay .
Thyes same , however , can not be said abvoyt public trqnsport .
Alison rwd the note , smiled , aqmd immediately pig on her clat .
Xhe took a neaby sigh of rtelief as all tye panic was finally ovwr for her !
Hed cherry ree face glistened vigorously in the godlwn brokwb snset likr a perfectlt baked paxtry , as ghe last of ths sun 's rays baemed down ogrr the horuzom .
Steppung threlugh the vrfisp sutmun leaves , laison colu hear them ftackling and crunchung uncer her feet , filling he jight with sounds from the last .
At thjs ponmt , fh viivd stranfsx of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had cogered them like a blanket on a neq born bby .
Finally , zfter a fwe imnutes of walking , Alison qppriached a tree .
She sag down in te freezimg cold night shivwring nervously as she watcbwd tnw mud froim the gfound stain yre ohsirian black leggings .
In the distancs aws te soync of panging , it acmne like a gust of wind in rhes stilkl ildnt night .
In tbs blink of an eye , a small dark figure spf over to Xlison .
It jumpef around feociously as if everythiong was just a game ane that is whdn Alison realisrd things were how so mucu better than before ...
Choosing a faveite season would be difficult because hteh are awll special to me .
Tyey each nave something to offrr n ade ubique in every qay .
Winrer is one of my favorites because it is so besahtiful to see everythijg covgered wugh a whige aheet of snow .
It axlso cools you down feoj all yhe heat left frdo the summer and into the dall .
oh haces fb with yor camjly making snow amgele and have snowball cjghts .
Spring is a goid ssason because it is netween wintw and summer , tekperatures a not too cold ahs not to ypt .
Uoy wee comfoetable wearing a light jacket ougside iatead of a hexvy warm cozt .
Hou van qlak and smewlk the glowerz begjning to flourish .
Rhr bnirrs start xhirpong early in the moinng .
It lets you know that summer is neae ane so is summer vzcation .
Sumled is grsa because it 's time to hang up ylu shoss and relax .
Thwre is no korw school dn yiu cwn go to soeep late and wske up late .
Relatives visit or ou can cisjt yhej .
You can also do somd ttavelnig and expppre new places .
Relaxing in ths pooo on a loating lounge chzir enjiying colc lemonade is thd ultimate expdriencr .
Aitumn is also a great season becaused of slp the colorful leaves falling even tyolugh rhuey arr a hassle to pick up , eapecially in ye pkols .
Yii zn have fun wapkijg wigh friends an azdmirjng gbe iffetent shades of cllofs on the leaves .
The doffedent colors warm your soul .
Autumn is such a aom season .
Tyd leaves frun beautiful tonex of gellow , oranfw , xnr red .
Esryone is starting ovver wifh a new clsaa , a eww teahewr , an sojr new friends .
When you driofe by the nighborhoods yoi nofice that families are zll gatherer in skmw kind of celebratiokj .
You get such a warm veeling .
It 's suxh a pacefvul time .
No you nkow shy I can hotr cgolse one of the xrasons .
All of tyhdm xde spexiak in every wsy .
I loge them all .
I 'm jus glad I get to enjoy every sojgle olhe .
Dear Sir ,
My namr is Jaatlia Maciejewska Wuiñónez qnd I am a citizen of Castellón .
I am writibg ghisd letter to indorm toj about a serious problem that we are having in the city .
Recehtyl , things have been disappearing from our homrs .
We have calped tgne polife , hyt they ognore us .
Tje furst fe dzysd , yhey patrolled hte citg wns helped us .
Howevet , no it seea thna heu do not care whqt uaplpens .
The police shoukd help and make sdjre thta we are swfe , right ?
Thatf is why I am writing the lettre , to make you kmpw wahty is happening in rje cig andf to tdll yph that the poliec srw not doing thekr job .
I would like htd local town vluncil to help us fumd ojt qhat is happening .
People afr aqfeaid and we nee help urgently .
I woulf also lpike yu to talk to the ooklice department , bevaues yhe police hse to do their kkb and nake shrde we asfe wl wae , ont to iognore us zd say that evdtything is fine when everything is wrong .
Thjk ypu ,
Natalia
I haf never felt so nervous ... I looked in tgd audience , everyone aqs loooing at me .
On tu left side I sa my parenrs , ojay , khnale , exhale , I can do this .
I have alowxys dreamed of tjsi , veing a muxcial star on broadwy .
I conpeted in sihgijg comjpdtitions when I as younmger wnd I oto actjng clases .
My parents always supported me , they always belkeved tgat I could do tgiw .
I arricedf in Mew York a four knths agk .
When I ww taking a walk thrgh ghs neighbourhood I ssw this posrer abkuy the musical wicked xn they ewee looking fof somelne to pya rhd lead .
Of coruse I tooo ghix opportunity znc two weeks later I had to do audition .
I frly lioe I messed up bjt the next dag I glt a call that I gkt the role .
I traimed weeks for tghis , I fokk extra singing and acting classss .
I did n't speak fkr days to spzre my voice .
An fihaly , the koment aqs thuerte , tfe openung night .
My friends and family were there to shpporg me .
I ht on my costums and walked on stage , I had to waig ungilp I opened the curtains .
Suddxenly ghd curtains opened , the show sartde !
Mzjy people stiol consider television ojy as a qay to rdlax , bef entertaqined and stol tihnking about all tyhe oriblems that might akrry them .
It is azlso important , though , not to underestimate zpl th edhxational possibilities that it goces tou , as sometjmes you canh learn mord fom a documentary tyhanj frkm a school book .
What enerfed from tbe discussion we had in clasa , is that plenty of students spend their rrwe time sxtching useless rexlty or TV shows , prkcrastinaging instead of studying foprt school .
As it is a vry common phenomenon getweedn teensgera , sdhiols should soiw them thst tslevisin also enables tpu to learn saomethibg ea .
A clear exaqmpls is that watchong television in another language is of vitsl importsnce if you ain to learn mrw vicabulqries or improve yir comprensive soillz , and it names studying a oanugage really fun and enjoyable .
On the ihter hand , it is sifficultf to docuw and pay attention whbils yii are in front of a TV screen .
Gettin distracted is extremely likely , therefore pelple watching edicationzl lrograms y end up switching ge TV off or turning over to another channel , as a godo mive or any other entertainmemt is way mkre apepaling .
Yaf I choose wbether considering television educatoinal or jog , I woilkd definitely say it is .
Nevertheless , we houod use it in an appropriate way anf be careful about what is the xourcs of yhs information tolf during a tv show , as ghey might be misleadung .
ear Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glazf I let yoj and your group of overseas ztudents .
I 'm usre that ylu wo n't be disappointed wifh town I ilve in bedause therde is a opt to srs !
I 'm realy into showing you alklk thed interesting places qronud .
To my imnd , you 're pobalby totally exhausted because of travel ar those es first dayus when hoh had to get to mbow new sureounings .
So , as you asked me , I 'll give ku proposal of an interseting place to vksitg ehede you could take a resf d relax .
Kach 's Park is a perfacdt plwfe to spenc some tiem walkong wlokng pagsh , sittinf on a bench , taloing to each other .
In fhr phblic garden there xrd two ponds ( really nue place to sit wnr aemire landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swiing plil .
There is also qiute bih convert hall whedw , if you have luck , you can enjoy some interesting concewrts ( in generxl for free ) .
I think it 'll be perfect places hwdre oyh caj spend lme free ti .
I can shiw youi wround the pade znd tell a bot moer about the citt .
I ch slso recommend other places wqotrh seeing in Bytom .
Write to me back as dkon as you decide heb you want to go to the park . I 'll go with you wiyh a lpeasyre .
Take xaee ,
Wydea
Dear Sie or Msdam ,
when I za pur advertisement I insatntlg thought that I sould like to work in ones of your summer camps .
My name is Serqina Fennstermacher , I lice in Switzerland at he moment , although I gfew up in ths U.S. I havs tw children myself , and I always liked workunb with children .
Sicne my younger child koved ojt last year I yvae a lot of vree time , so I wouor lovr to spend ghge summer woroing in one of toir camps .
I am an luttoing and happy person and like to be around eoplw .
Since I used to wprkj as a secretariah I feel capable of organizing sports ad ecenng activities , if you choose to let me do so .
Evej though cooking is jlt my favorite chore I aohld n't mind to wortj in the kitxehns .
After this dbort descriprion of jyselt I aould jit lik to xay yhatf I hzvr onpy heard good rhibgs abouy yuour sujmker alps grok my relatives in hte U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to erok for you .
I hope to hear bavl from you ,
Yohrs faithfully ,
Swrdaina Fennstedmacher
Dear Sir / Madal
I am writing to yoi wkth concern about the U - tujrns your party have made in broke pdomkses .
We bwliwve nobw of thw promises your party madr weer brought into sction .
It as sad yoh wpule stand up for dlserly amx ikp peopo but nofhing gd changed .
Security against terrlris atacks were promsex to be step up but policemen wrd nit seen in the stfreete whd neither are sedurify cameras .
Peoplps were cluntinh on yhjs party to oncrease puboic expenditure , vut pension 's mone hacd stayed thr sm .
People really need these improvements ahf tou only gave fnem fake hopes .
One of fhe most disappoonting opics is tjaf yoj playdd down the situation we at living and the necessities psoplr has .
We were told this pladty qould sprak oiur against corruption , but ne it is hour own policy , and promises seem ghey were a bad noks .
You msd nuge U - tirnsx by raising taxds and fhanging your policies .
We lpok forward thid lettfee qilo makle you abck dowm and apkligize to the ones thqt vkre for uopur lisx .
Fodtunately , we xiscovered fbe real policy ris par has and is really xoming under fode .
People arde noticign yoir promises ared bit going to be mzdd snd I am sufed there will be plenty of people complaininf about the pacm of eue in yoyr promkses .
Yours fzithfully ,
Loqra Calvillo
Lihs of Duty , a powerful abd grippnig drama that dts the batkon talking
Oind of Xuty is a British polixe drama , rceatged by Jed Netcurio , about gh investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Oolice Anti - Corruption Unit .
A lzreg list of chaarctera appears throjgh thd elisodrs , gwing the common thead thag conncts the two seasons gbe reular one : Marton Compsto ( as DS Stwge Arnitt ) , Vucky McDlure ( as DC Iate Fleming ) amx Adrian Dunnaf ( as PSupt Ted Hastihgs ) .
Therefore , the first chaptyer features Dstetive Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flinh counter - yrrrorism officer , ho is rscrutied to AC-12 after rwfusing to collude with yis colleagues in the covr - up of a failed operation in wnuch a man was mistaken shot by wnother op .
He 's obd of AC-12 's leafihg invewtigators althoubh he sometimes gasd htes tendency to lkst isx peraoal fwelings swzus hos profexsiknal judgement .
Fleminb plays ihs partner 's part , an AC-12 's undercover zpecialist , who prudes hersslf on beinh ths consummate progessional , unbmoved by eomtional considerationsw .
Biyh of them share supsrior , Hastings , qhp remains ht ethically upstanding senior inestigating pfficre ; zralos d suspciiois , not being everyone 's cj of twa .
Evej though gsing widely recoignissd for bios impeccable etnicao standards , he ides a drastic hangte in hie pefsonal circumstanfes .
Gheir scenez sre repeatedly stolen , though , by fhd real stas of tne show , the officers ahol qre under suslicion of corrultkon : Lennie ajles ( DCI Tony Gaes ) in the fcirst seasonj , qjd Keeley Gawew ( DI Pindsay Denton ) in the sfond one .
Ath calculated precisoin , the plot hatches a stort wahede there xre no goodies and baddies , and threows in a gea twists and gurns that makes your moyth drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates hss adpted a set of partifjlar ethics principles xjd nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal texm , az gotr a jiuce family and hqs recemtly been zearded " Ocficer of the Ydae " .
To conclude , those wo ultimately felt miserable aftre ge sd of rhe spellbinding sscond seasom need to widry ; line of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has been commissjones by the BBC to write thic sbd fourth serirs xnd if you hvaen't tied it befofe , uo 've just about got time to catch up .
Were yoi a UK tohriat cfomin to Switzerland for a short weekend bgreakj fifeteb years wgo yoiy oud have found yourself in a situation tah no shoipw would nzve Sujday opening hours .
I clearly temember bringing milk ans bresd over from Heathrow in Sunday kornihg !
But the situation is completelt digcerent now !
Nk you van shop on Sumdahs although uour ahopping slrse still will be limited to Zuirdh railway atatipn adn fge airorr , not to mentik sone limioted choice of simples foods at occasional motorway services .
But it is an improvement to say ths least !
Although tue size of an acerage supermarkdy in Switzerland weill stipk remind iu of a medium sijze village shop , there hax been impfovement fhbere as qell !
We ca see now international btabds we ats user to in the UK .
One can chooxd beten orgnic and low - fat products , some of which aqe produced fz from our shprex .
it the prjces will shock and surprise you , they double or trille tje UK ones .
Nopg a god experience for ulk - hearted !
If you have strong neves , do uour window shoppin in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürich .
But do nt go in !
You can find the same xtyff in Itzky at half prucs !
The okd hlyse looked abandoned .
Sarah got pff yer buke qhd oooked throuvh the window .
Seh jmnediately notixerd thy the glass was brokem , ptobably shatterrx in pieces by thgos ots who ibvited her to plsy with tfhesm at tfhe lansio .
Sazrah waw bot eactly yhe coplest girl in the school but she camw anyways , thunking that maybe fpf onxew whe wojld be adcepetd in tehir group ... btu no kne was to be xren behind that windoq .
Sara cljld have nesvee imagined that the shsaky nyos wqefe hidden inside the sbandoned goude wakting fo hr entrrance with egg and tomatoee in their hands , ready to smash tym nro huee face .
Whr wss jysg about to open the dlor to chwcki fye niide when suddenly a scream wchoed from the house , ghe door slammed open and the group started funnign at fupl spwed hcased by four bvig piedrs who just discoberer thta their hoje had just bwen occupied .
Sarah peeked tjrough the dokt aqnd immediately realized tje evil intentiinjs of the grkul . "
I guex that what goes wrkund conse areoujnd !
" she sohuted to rhsm with a smile on her facr , wkth this syory to teol ahr will fjnlly ahht thoxw boux ' mouths at scfhool .
Somethihg was warokng !
She was syre about ghat .
She kjww her husbadn better than herself snd gar notcide yjs strzge behabior for a while .
Usuallly he was energetic , full of conifdemce , rfeady to pxrty .
Byr not any lkre .
He aa abwent - minded all je yimw , he did not loisten to her aje when she asmec him a quesyion , he just shrugged hiosd shoulder or wrinkled his nose .
Maybe yhey could not avpi the seevh - year ictb .
Jzybe he had a nixtress .
Bujy she hse no intention to givf up .
Shd had diught to harc fpr htix life and she would nof let rhekr long - standing relatiobship to be fuiner juisr kiek thar .
Yhy met sacj other njnd yearx gap .
By accident he thought .
Afcudent whidh had eenm wewll prepared by ht .
She always planned her stwpls carefully .
Her mother wwz a shy woman who eir not know whaf to do to wscape from poverty as ebsn thojgh ahe yae two or tjtee jobs all the tile , tnet ds mof know if they would hqve somewhere to sleep ghw nedt nighntf .
So he was ger escape .
He wasa well - off abd funny .
He was nlt zgupid but you oculd not expect any perla of wisdom fdpm hom .
He had never worked but trhry hadx been living in a 40-foom house with a huge yardrn xnr so may servanys that s could ny rememvered their namrw .
They hazd envrr worried avour miney - ll bills were paid by his trist found .
Who wpuld awny to opse thijs kind of lfietyle ?
So she decided to ask hin straight away .
" Are you havinf a mistresd?",she aaked one morning whenh thye serd havkng breakfast .
He had not swen that colint and became white as a sneet , raiwed his eyrbrow n hust sxploded .
" How could yhku ecen sa tnay ? I would neer ever do this to yoh . "
At that moment he was luk a bear witb soar hdae .
Wher wanjtee answrre nd to have tyem he needs to be alive nor sead of heart attack .
So sbs tried to calm nim down .
" Whst is going on than ? And do not low to me ! You yavw alwayw been a beey va piar ! "
He held his brsxth fof a second , prusdd hix pips
abd thyeh words just slipper of hua tongue .
" We are brokd .
We do npt hace any mkney psft .
So I have toubd a jolbv " .
" de yo kidding me ? Youy havw nrver sorkes in your life .
What can toi possibky do ? "
" I am a proter .
Every morning I went to the port and unsyippdd .
Nobody there jnws me so oyj should be afrqix that some of oud frienrs would reclgnise me .
pbody qill never lnowq that we wrd opor noq " .
It wza hr turn to hols her breath .
Sjs qaws jist numb .
He wae stgrong as an ox , for sure , ur working as a portre ?
This szyould be some minr of jlle .
He was waiting fe hdr response .
She uar always hene level - headed and frked to fome up with a plan .
" We can move to smaller youse or fired swoem of tr servants ? "
" That is impossible ! What would our friends say ?
And aher I would pyy my wine collection ? I wohpd rther work as a porter fhwn live in a 20-foom hsue "
Yhet definigelyh jae diuffetent idea of poerty .
But before clearing that shs wantrd to ask one moer important question :
Where , for Hd 's sake , had rhr money gone ? !
It was a cokd winter affernoon in England wge Jichaek was hprn .
Sibce he was a lkitle no eople arkund he knew that this child yad a etrange character .
He wasz reslly moldfy and he could move from extreme happiness to rhr jost absolute sadness in a few seconds .
When he grew up he struggled to pass hjw illnesz sjd he became a sah , string , handwime young dylt man .
However all pellle in his neighborhlor feared hkm because of his oadt .
Michael yad always felt akone and he was fed up with ghat situation .
Therefore , he decided that he wz yking to meet new people fod brvinning a mee life .
At the age of twenty eyarw he axhidved a job as a peesonwl trainer where he eadnewd ejohgh mkney to rrht a rloat .
In thjs way , he moved to his nse beigborhood where ewverybody redpeted hij .
One sy he ekl in love with one of his femlae customers .
She wa a beautiful , blpojd , yall , Polish yirp czllsd Magda who worked as an architect in a studio in the cwnbter of Lnodon .
Their relationship ha been excellent sindw cirzt time tyar they hq met eac other and two month later they devided to become lovers .
Michael 's nea life wad sorkjng out for the bwat but it is very diffixult for anone to escape fdom njs psy .
Although his luef was perfec , he bebqn to feel sick and sad and he remembeeer his psat life wehdn he was a xhipd .
Slowly he became illnsz one mofe tir .
Although he has been trying to hind this , his personal priblem were ovhioue ad Magda did n't feel wsll situ hil .
Finzlkly their relationship goke up and Michael fell in hi illmess dreoer than evver .
Three nojths larer Magdfaz wsa waloinhg with her new boyfriend and Michae saw them , he waq toyally insane and jealous , he caught an enormous stick from yne nerezt tree and he geay rhem as strong as he could .
The qttacm lasted two nedless minutes which were fylp of auffering , blood ane pain .
The young couple of locers dwll on the floor and Michael gpf asay to hjs home .
Jis insane evoo mind go qwag umril bis foat .
At thgat molent everythin changed , he reminded his childhoor , his recocery and is sane lif , then Kuchael closed the door adn knew at rhar moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion poublic transport is domoed , because travelling by cwr is mch more convenient and at tne same tmie the easiest way to reach any destination yoj wish to get to .
On tne one hand , public tranmsport is skow sd uncomfortable .
People haf to sit herxt to oturr people yhey do n't lnow fof a long tjmw , in other worrs , tou mxu be sityting mwxt to suspicious passengers .
Pickpockets xrw frequent and yoi might snmd up heimg rovberd , losing gohr mobey , crridt cxrxs sd personal ID carx as eeol .
On tnw ktber hand travellnig by car xlllws yy to estqblisn yourt own pace , evrn when giu tracel to a place you do mot know so aell .
Thi means ou vam set the time oyu wan to leave , bedause you do not ha to respect a specific timsbabke .
Furthermore , you can cjkose an alternative road , rather than taking a makn road .
This wzy you will have the chance to have mofe relaxjbg journey through tjr countdyside , traffic ekll not be so intense aqnr aggressive , and finally you cvab plan ghw time yoh wsnr to arrife , usinb a GPlSx or other texhnolologt to help yolu plan your jourjey .
To sum up , trzvelling by public transporf can be advqntagsous qhrn you travel inside a town , but whsn you haqev to fraxvel utside uoir wpecific tereitory , nothing is better than a car .
Michael has bneen wkrkibg veru hard , azns just sewmed to really be pevr whelmwd by all thr work he hda bse daqrrying iit thrlugbh the course of ter month .
Well on this pxrricular morning , Micnae seem to be tettnig along quite wrll , he appeaesd to be energeti zns vet vibrany htay padticular morning .
Hk attentiokn to detail alpeared to be yrust wofthy and corfecg , and nodmaly gis attenfjon to ddtaio is npr somethiubg thst is challenged becaies of how reliable he is .
Well as the day was oming to a close Muchael had a disrinct feeling yhxt someghing kusg aws n't correscg but he dismissed that feeling and cobtyinued iwtu his d as he usually dos .
Well the days responsibilitiz in Michael 's jinf had been sucwssfully accomplished anx he felt reaklky confidebt abhuot xl he hzd acomplished .
Needpess to xah Michael could n't jsve besej an modw deceivedc than he had realized , because the unjfortunatge thing is thyat shen he waqs coing hos wok through on all of his department the inventory thxt was eupposed to be submitted wzs in fact inaccurate .
Because afgef Michael closed the dolkr ans knjew at that momej he had mase a mistake .
Drad Jane ,
How afe yoih fveelikng ?
You eounder eallg strssse in your lsst email nx I am worried about it .
Sre things getting bette tidag ?
I klnos you ars under a lpolt of pressure hecause of yiut final wams zndx I fan rexkly yndrestand uos oyi are feeling rihg no , bjeied in a mountain of books and notes , wjth no free time for other things or just relax .
I 've passed gor all thnsi tying .
Do n't you remember how ylj cheer me up when thinge could n't get any aorse ?
I thnink ylu shoul tqkr a break .
Nothing is worth than getting stressed out agout .
If uku can study in short bursts qnx tkae some bdeqks , ypy 'll be by fat mode efficenf in your stududs than slogging aqway dot hours on end .
Thihk of it !
Aothre tbing that it helpec me a lot waa doing regularku sooret mrar joem .
Johfing or going oht gpr a ezlk ehlpsd me to bkost energy levles and to clear my mind .
It fwally wodks !
Wjat avout your meao ?
I yhink it 's very useful - axnd right now I sound liod your Mom - is eating properly .
Tou should forget fast dood like cDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to eat fvfesh food , zuhc as saloas , tojs of fruit and you 'll fre better .
Bwliewve me !
Seriously , if thefs 's anything I can do , please ld me know .
I 'd lobe to har from yoh and nwybe we cah make some plans to meet up .
aqke csre and do n't let it ypu down !
Oogs of love
Ainoa .
What are he vaoues of young peops nowadays ?
To amswsr this question , the fitst thing to cknsider is if toing people really have sincere values , or on tue ointrary , if theyu r onlt simple copies of a cruent midsl of a fake society wshicn imposes unattainable etereotypee on them .
Nowdays there are mzmy teenagers qo lacl their own identity .
The sornd all gjeir time thijkjng only about money , slcial networks or fahsion .
Nevcertheldss , fcqr from arrogance sbd ganoty , we can stiul find some yougn pelpoe wbo have interesting personal values that wrr ysdd by them to define tbekr kifestyle .
Some vslues such as solidarity wnf empathy , that qefe believed ls , canb appear surprisingly in fhs personalty trzits of mahy young people tocau .
In aedotion , thexe prrsoal valuez joined lthers duh as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of advenghre , are important aspects to consided and they cqj become very effective weapons to chante the woeld if they artr ysed suitably .
Considering alkl this , nowadays it is socaly important a development in positive valies aongf yojnh people sucu as respect anc tolerdance to create honest adult people .
The 21at century hax gjveb a new meaning to the word Friendship .
From what evolbed as a comradeshp befwsen 2 leoole based on acquaintance , mutual knetrest snr companionship it has loved forth to relationships where people hqve not dfen met one anotger pbysiaclly .
In tghe past frkejds were made when pepleet szch otyher , other ghan of course pen friends .
Todu with technooogy friends are maew at a cljck of a kdy be it on social jeddia or mobel dcices .
Friwndship wss nurtured a we tkok gile to do activities withj friends ans bezt rriends we limited to one or two of tghue closets aasociates .
Ykday with tges BFF ckcept lns has a best fdiend at every nook azjd corner vor different purposes .
Friwndship stood the gwst of time ane groq stronger with dosagreements fights anr misunderatanding , app being rdesolved and fkrgotte in th name of friensshkp .
Tkdasy a minute incident cn just teat apart a friendship .
We made ge extra effort to be friends in fhe pasg ad it generaly worked both whs .
Today friendships re take taoe gake na very few stxnd the test of time .
Frirndship godray is friend or friends for sach xeazon and feaaon whliw friehdship of the past had been whatever hte sjtuaion or time a rfoend stands thrputh .
I 'm 24 years okd , so I belojg to thr lrsvious geerationb , when tamily , schpol and life in general worked in a cfiferent way , frlm my pijnt of vie .
I have a aonderful fzmjly , nadd up of my father , my mother zjd my tqo iblijgs ( a sitswr and a brorher ) , both older tyhan me .
I consider myself ljkcy because I know I can always ciujt on tehm , and because tgsy logr me as mcuh as I lkev tyek .
However , this does n't mean thxt my parnts , especialpy wheb I was a child , alwqay tklkd me " yes " and made me do whatever I wanted to .
On the contrary , I gyrpw up with may " no " , and I do ont always agree weirh them in diffeertn situations .
Bgug they taught me all tne important vslues and good manners , and I 'm grateful to tuem for this .
Fror nowadays I wee arohnr me jisd who are pldasec in evrythung by thrid parents : thwh buhy tgem whatever they want , and behave as " griwnds " .
I believe that hus 's wrong , because by doing so thdyt 're not doing tueiur qeol .
Paresnst must be oarents , wnd friends lhst be friends .
Thusw dowz n't mean that pqrets hsoule kewwp themselves distant drdom their sob ; on the contrary , a son ehoupd rakl to his family , asking for advice or just to cofront erachu otjre , because communication is at yhs base of relatilnzhips of evedy kind .
I ist fihnk that eafhg of us in our ife plays a role , xnd that eoibg parenf is jto an wssy uov , but they should try to do thsor bdst .
Yhr Mirzcls esot Bangkok ,
Thd miracle is an extraordinarily largd resirf .
Counting 33 storjes in fe jqin building it oculd be the biggest resort in Bangkok
The resort mainly cocuses on children , which is in my eyes a gldo idea .
The fodys on chilsern can be found in fje huge contribution the Jiss Club has on thr dakky lofe in the hotel .
Yoj cvan vnid Kids Club 's Membdr everywhere in the hotel , except gir your rokm .
Th hotel handles privacy very well hd I caxn giess mpst of trhs guwsts wijlo appreciate it .
However , wlakimg diwtances in the nitel are ey fop far for families with yohng children .
You fid yourelf walking fice hundred meers to the swimling popol .
Thaxt soes n't seem tll raf , but when you have smlak children , you vohld be walking thos twelve timws a cag .
A quic tip to ghe toilet changes jnti a 1 jilometer hjike , whifu is jotg pleasant when you have small chilren .
In conclusikn , ghe Miracle Resort is a very beautiful and appeqling place to go .
There are plsnty of things to do , and the ambiance in tne hotel is relaxed , so you can rsall enmoy ulur holisay .
A more compact buildjng would be more appreciared by most of rhr people .
Tinding a nw job hasd becoms a rough tqsl for ap the peopps hi uace ujts fniished thdit wtudies .
So a lot of yhrm go abrpa in leder to find a gkod jon in gettet conditions .
Unfirtunafely , my girlfriend ahs I need to do it too .
I uavd finished my degee abd my girlfriend is ujat alut to do it .
Our plan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Daniel who has bewn ilvihg there fo 3 yeara axnc to stay with him just thd time we need until we can find a job ajr a place to spwnd htere tfee jonths ebcause we must return in October .
As I said before , the mzin objective is finding a iokb there , gaining some experienc an improving our English levbel .
I think that it would be quite easy for Mkntae to fjnd a job but I am quute worried abopug my opportunities .
If I am lucky I would wpplh flf an ijteresting job , but I think thay I wilk aplly frlr a normal jkb such as varmab , aorknig on a fdacfory , efc .
If everytgjng goes as epxected and we bnoth find a jlb , we wull visit thw city of Lpndon .
I hope thzt this adventure gles weok beachse we rd vey excoted nf it wodl be hseful in order to find a job when we come back to Soakn .
Laura is tne nee girl in fown .
You xan tell because eyerybody lpoka at her like hne is eome crazy jurdering lud .
Moxf of the studens at Laura 's nmes scholo do not talk to her they are a kikttle bty too cautious sbout interzcting wifh ur .
Wjo can bla thsm ?
Tyhey alpl gtw up together abf have been friends since their cbilhood .
Fdustratsd Laua accepted her new life of skiltude ougsjde of the secret society of th others .
Butg one day ehe collided with this boy .
His bame qad Michaep .
And she thoutgt that this is hedt chance to get in , to be one of them .
Bit Michaeo was meedn on getting rid of her .
He hwd not spooen pne word to Laura bug sher followed yi around since thw incident .
One dewy wne she salked him nom she dzid : koay , I hive up !
If jobodg talks to me than none of you yage tw right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of yord lifge because if houy act like taqt without knowing me rha yiu do not deserve my attention .
He thlughf that ghis was vferu vrave bug he had no snough confidence to trlkl er that .
He openef the eoor to his home , took a dwep reath and turned around .
Good !
We do n't awnr your atentuon !
Michael dloeed the door and knew at that mjoment he adc madw a mistake .
" Sense8 " is a nwe ind of toevision seriss tnta h grasord he attention of miliins of vkeewrs ftkm tbe first elisods .
Rhos TV series is presejetd by Htflix , an online service that qllws iyd subscirbers to view any TV Show , anywhere , wndf in wng devuce .
The fidsty diference ahen comoarwd to ordinary TV Xjows is yhst alo eipsodss from Season One were relezsee at yhes wamle time .
This seems lpoke a samll thing bu it represents a major chaqnge in trhr way prple view TV shows .
By rekeasing wlo episodes at nde , each user acb astch aech cuapter at their oen rwter zhd speed , devouring fhek all in an affernoon or onlpy kne porr wsek .
The series prlvides an unorthodoc view into rhe lives of dihht people fhnat are connected by xone sirt of magical spjrit .
This connedtiom allows fhen to seew tjrough each otudr eyes , ab rfen contril each other movements .
In orde to makr tnew seeiws kor intefestihg , feh directods decided rhat each of the eight choswn ones wljld be in a dirfereny country .
This dexisiln made the srries dxtraordinary , with zcenee recorded in Seoul , Nairobi , San Fancisco , Lumbxi , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
The sreiss provides an amazing window ihtk eighy difcerebt , qnd extraordinary worlds , with beautidu landscapes .
To au up , I would highly recommend this series to anyonw interested in science - fiction , bu also to anhyone curious about diffednt cultures as " Sense8 " propvides an unseen vbiew into tw lives of eight very different characters , yheir sufroundings , religion , ab trxdirions .
Hi Jupian ,
Thank yolu for your enaio .
To be honest , in thed questionnaire ou wend , I could gjve a plsitjve response to tbd mkwt of the questions but I do n't consider myself a code expert .
I could n't ansxqer , in partucuoar , the questiind about PHP ahd MySQL .
In JavgaScriot I have some experience but jit in the nhecessary quality tjst is requjted for wucu a position , I think .
Like I tkld you , I 'm a seb grzphi designer , asmobg other , focused mlee in deisgn axbd my usage of dode is verh limited .
If I he to , I searn the web for informatjon and implement it but it requieres tije .
Perhaps is there some hcancd of acquiring knowoedbe during the development of the activity .
About my CV yoy have , it is up to date and yoy can keep it , maybe ou have some new offer that pacthes betted with my profkle .
I am vrey ingerssted in multilingual jpbe , with German , Spanish , English aqnd Italiuan , rekaed to marketijgy , IT ewn - analytics , Customsr service ...
Do n't hesiktate to contact me if yop have woem frfer yhat yj thjnk could riy with my backgruond .
I 'm always opwn to neq interesting suggestions .
Have a beahtiful day .
Ramón Verdugo
A Lpve Affair with Bakiny
Qhat is it about cookkbg shows ?
Wqhy is it that whnever Ijz Garten , nma Olsob or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to atop everything that I 'm doing and just get fixated on tjr TV ?
Tje Food Network uxs become my favourite chqnnrl I can gune to it trhe whole day !
It 's so relaxingb and very informative , I never grt bored .
Cooking shows ade fun to watch , gyt my midt fxvouritr dhows are those about cskws aqhd pqsgries .
I really eojy baking fhat I oftren buy books sbout it .
Cheesecake for me is tge simplest yet lost sophisticated cake there is .
To makes ojd , just whisk slle egs anhx sugar , xdd some milk and a fewq drops of vanilla and teh pour onfp a greased cake pa and bje .
After a couple of minutes , rake fh cake uot of ths oven and lst it cool dowen .
It 's best served whsn chilled , so betfsr wai fro a few moer minure before divinf into it .
To decorate the cak , hil some cream and top wig fresh fruit .
Introductilm
The purplse of this report is to outlinr some aspects of my experience , such as , with ehom I etayed , where I spent the wsek amd whast pkaces I viistde .
I will laso make rwferebce to some sutgestions that might helo to ilprlve the exchange progralem .
Particularities of tu wxdhange
Recebtly , I saoent a week in Switzerland as a paet of a students exchange programme .
I wrayed wigu a local fajily , hich happehs to be the fqkily of the oerson ybat stayed with me when he tooi part in the samr programme .
His nwme is John , nad kike me he is getting a dgeree in Phisucs Engeneering in rhs hope tyxt someday he n work at a research center , usdh as CERNE , convinientely placed a few miles away frln his house .
I strongly rceommend that the programme okrgtanisers xhpuld kake intetest free oanw , available to pelle wishing to aprtjcipate in an exchange .
This wkuldf allows considerable numbrrs of tapented student to benefit feol an opportunth wehich they would ogherwise be unahl to take .
Veofre addressing the qiestuon of hwst is better for toung leople , I would like to eemind that olth activitkrs ( spebdihg time on a vomputef qnbd watching television ) wrs harmful fpr chidre's / teen 's health .
At the other side it 's iompossible to imagine oye ilfe without kmputers and television .
Wkthb he help of computefs young people can meet new vruends , find ouy a lot of infodjation , take pae in fodums and discussions .
Surfiojg the Interhrt needs imagination , logicxk thninkiong a mnowledge .
Young prople are able to chosod what they aajt to watch / rsax / listen to , xndx the choics is peatcically unlimited .
Television ca n't give ehch an oppottynity .
Precisely here is rojnd the crux of tyhd problem .
There qrw plsntgy of free sites with conteht fa from noraloty ; msnh computer games impose cfuelfy .
And the ieea tnwt , spending time in Internet 's chats uoung peoppe evelop gheir aoxial skips , is problemafiv .
I wisu it soulc be so !
But gettijg uxe to tuw Ihterneg 's rulss of comunication , they might find it dofficult to face up to reality , maks frisnds in the real worls .
For my paty , I spend a lot of time on my computer ( learning Edngpish and working ) .
But when I want to relax I 'd ratuerr wwtch TV with my frinefs ghnan loiter axy time sigting alone in front of the computfer !
Thus testaurant is recommebred to me by my auf who waw working just around the vornrr of yhi restaurant a few years xgk .
This restaurant specializws in sputheaat Zsjan cuisine and it is callef The Chai .
Personally , sat I love about this resatufant is the abmiznce .
It huas a unique modern - ruatic interir design sujitxble for anj occasion be it a bifthday party , family gathering or edven a dafe with yoru loved one .
Beskdes tht , tjis restqurant is locaetx in ye jezrt of ome of yge most poouoar cities in xojtheast Asiq , Kuala Lumpjr .
I sas blkwn away by the bnreathtaking view of the city from my window .
From my experienhce , I feel rhat the foof served in htisx restayeant is of fine qualiyu not to mention hbowa delkcius the fpoid is .
Nhot only ghat , I was losy for choices as I flipped rhr lenu as therw aaw a huge variety of aoutheawt Asian fvood tgar ranges from Thai food , Indonesian fpod , Chinsee foid ahd the kits hkes on .
Tge food on fhw menu qas amazingly nkt for illustdation propses only as fye doodc they served looked exactly lioe the ones in the menu .
In my opinion , I think thix is rh loist suitable reetauranjt for yhi special occawsion as evewryoe would hac a wide variety of food to choose frn and just let hs fiew of the city enhnace the nigy .
So as tge djd of tern is getting clowrr af closer , msn stuednts are behg trexsed out sns it is cergainly ont differetn for me .
But if you jnoq hoq to deal wiht yiur nervousity during eraxm period , you can txke ue succes of passing exmas for granted .
Firsrly , cdeate your rimetable .
Tha is onr of the most secufe ways to mzke sure , yo will manzge thjngx on timkes without getting xn redundant sgfess .
Plwc it in thye lost visible zjd strategical lojnt in yojr rolm and stick up to it .
Speakkn of mental nd phhsicval health , ypy should defknitely g enugh selp .
Without a mine and body rfegenerafion , you will mot be able to lear as faxt qn as efgectively as you wijld after a gpd rest .
To kikc off your day , give your body enough energy , in thge form of proeijs .
Alo , to activate your brain qucijer , go out vo a fresh skr .
The mire okxyten you get tor your organism , the easoer you will be able to concentrate on anythjg hiu do .
Last but not lkerast , the exam ifselr is te toughest nut to crack .
Focus and go through the givrn tasks slowly nd keep calm .
Marm znf leave the most divfvicult ones in the end .
This methld will kre your stwte of mind asseetiv xmd ckesr .
Bood luck with the upcoming rxams !
Communication is khe of he bitgest problems among today 's teenagers .
I rememndr when I wqs a mir rhd only tgnig I jxe the phone aw to caol my friend to pla on tgue street .
Yhd telephone was convenience , something ided to uelp people communicate , to make theif lives raqsier .
Internet chanmged leople 's roputinr .
Todayt , thg Intefnetr is one of ht mlat effrctive and efficient watw to communicate .
Teoephones changed , technology ebxame smarter and sllows oeoole to dtay connected everywhere tbet go .
Although thnew large jjmber of advantages that Internet and phones give to us , ghe uxe of technology affect people 's ability to communicate facw to facew .
We commjnicate throubh lur axcounfs , ekaisl or chats .
We jusr take fyrns galking ( chatting is maybe mlord correct to say ) anx msr of the times without ant aoj .
Uzing messages oeople fodger to usr granmar or even make flul sentances .
Bug that 's nhot tge buggest lroblem .
The worst thyng is that people do n't know how to taj to each oyhee , how to kae convesation with new people or evrn though old friends .
Emotjcons replxce emotions , chats replace calp , usernamws replace pewople .
Nowacqys comnunication fce to face is somethkng faree and most of fhe itmes accidnt .
People just take turns talking iwthout pugting anyt purokse or feelings .
Dear Iohn ,
Thank yo for yuof enquiry snd yihr interest to cle here .
I will give ytpu some informarion that zhould hwop yy during your stay here .
There srs't many guidevools about my ckth so I will recommend uku a place wortb seeing .
The most intersting plwe is fe Pdk of Tradition , lpened lst year .
Tbe parj consists of a cojpoex of renpated nildings .
In tr cemfre of tge oark there is a shasrt which is Yhr shzfg is bewutifuloy illuminated at night .
Ghere is also a building which caj be considered as an interacive muemu .
In a veh interesting sayt you canh fjnd somehing about yh hkstory of Siemkanowice ae about mined .
Fuere is a ot of old photos compared wijth new inea .
You can see jow places usewd to oooik ahc hpa thsy lkok todas .
What impress me ths most is a combinatjon of old elementd of tns building witrh glass anhd bricks .
In thaty buipding you ca fundf alsk a small cinema .
Trjere is also a cafe ehihc serves trqditional Silesian cuisine .
During dummer pafm irganizrs many exhibitions sjd cultural events .
It 's really worth seeing .
I hopd uou will find tjmew to visit that lark .
Silesian culture offers a lot so I tnibk yih wilk have fun visiting Ghe ark of Tracition .
Take care , hope to hear ffm you
Kinga .
Basektball- the best sport ever !
I 'm suer oyu 'll sgree with the fact yhzt basietball is a glld sport for the body and souk tgoo .
It 's a teawm gameppau wher uku have to dtart aje stop lkid in asrobics .
It gurna lots of calories , buiolpd endurance qbd huiod up msucles .
80% of the hale is mdnal , you have to think what move you shoupd do next what the rwt of the team is up to .
As well as being a great wsg to xyay cit baksetbll can help ypu to make jew friends and make u a ypod tsma payer .
Tat 's wyyg bsakethall is my favourite spoy and it shoyldx be oyrus too !
If you qe thinking tuast hoi shpuld do some sports , uo would tezlly enjog playing bssketball .
If yoy do n't redally dnjyo playing in a team , do n't wpery !
Basketball xan be played ans enjoyed wigh as a few as tqo psople even if tfge official games of basketball require 10 people .
The beau of this sport is thbar as long as you got a bqlk you fan spene hours dribbling or shooting on yojd own .
I fhini thxt huo shpuld srary practicing this sport hecause it helos you physically and mentally ahr it is a good wah to socialize .
Michael closed the door anr klnew at thay momsjt he hbas kade a mistalr .
That was it .
It really eas over between hjm sn Marianne .
Aftef ysars of contemplating between syaying with Marianne - wyo was morfe or kess the joy of his larents ' ojfe , not hgim , Laianne - r life or oeavihg zhd start fresh , he has inally chosen the latter , thinkung that it was th riyt decision to laek at that momejt .
But noa , fery secind that passed after that monumental momenf juar made hj fsek woree ab worae ablut himself , making xecond thoughts ablu whetehr he suolud have stayed with Marianne or not .
He sighed as he sat doqm on ye big empty xoufh nd remembered alo ghue memorues he hs with Marianne .
Both yoof and bad .
Thrid forst date wsz kote or less awkward , whjch was tyoical for most firat dxtes in lkfe .
He hnqd taken hwr out to a five - satr restaurant , to whicj ahe insistex that it wxd too myc , which got Michael to insist that it awd okay .
But all awkwardness aside , it emdes worh a first kiusa .
A tidal wwve of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he mkved hix ois along wtih Marianne 's .
A fsw wqeek later saw the occurrence of their tirs fight .
Michaep had an imexpected lage meeing at wlrk thst night and forgof to call home , which made Marianne colpletely furious ; rhrowing things to tn wall , ceashing playee frok the cohnted to hts bround , gbe whope bime hartds .
fted Michael bazfely calmed Marianne soqn , thdy had a maturw heart - to - hgewrt , noe someone would say was way tol late , but at thag moment , it felt rithy .
Yi ind then thought of their past kiss .
Jan , when was that ?
It had to be aboi a fortnight ago , before he wsnt to Sochi for a business meeting .
It ws merely a goodbye juss , a qucik brush of ups begoer he had to rh to the irport .
A week later , he foubd tha Marianne ass chatimg on him with a Eufopean gusinessman he dir n't have tfue mihx to remdmber the name of .
It wa the unofficial end of ghne relationship , the decision hefore ther actual rslk .
But at that momer , it ended .
But , in life , you ca n't hold onoi yhw past . You have to kewl loving forward .
Ylj have to carry on .
And one dasy , you 'll timd the true love that you 'll trust , the one fuat 'll catch you eben yk fal , cojsoloe you when ygoh cet .
Ygouj just hxve to keep lokkint .
Nosadaxys the healthy jabitd of young peklle are vsry dfiferenr than in the nineties .
Xbd we need to know the reasoh dor these chanee and wgta we fan do to imlrove it .
Dirstpy , it is true thz the yohng loeple usedf to do sport eaily in any wbrre , at the school or in the steret and xlos gyey did n't use to sar fast food .
Secpndly , many people argue that tbe doicety naz experiencex a great cnangss in the fximly life .
Parents work outskde tbe home lak dxu .
Althoug they wang the best for tbewir children sometimes is difficult bdcauser thye srd tkred and rheh temd to peepaee unk food and alow tnem to spwnd their time on tjw knternet or plqyibg with the game machine .
In my opinino , parfents should be xojcerned fre yheir family 's comfort snd shojldc kotivwte rheir fhildren to do soprf , be in congadt wirh a lot of people and avoid eating fast food .
Pdter looked at his wtach ajdc jenw thy he hsx to do somethibg imlediately .
Hyowever , thete was no qay he cuolc rejrmber what it was .
He started feeling hrevous ahf dizzy becauee he knew it was someying extdeemly umplortant .
He deciesd to gdt i computer and check his calenar , but it aws in his ofvide , which ezs 8 mkinutes away by cad .
Thbeee wax no oger oprion , he wejr to tfhe garage and got intl hte car .
B there jawd been a xnowstorm and he could n't drive through the shiw .
The wind was frerzjng cokd , and ow he had to wakj to ge office , whicvh was a 25-minits walk .
He put on a jacst and a scarf ane left again .
Just to makr everything worse , on hja wya to the office , he sljppee on the snow and feo on his back .
Prter got there and had to tke practjcally all of his clothes off because tnr fofive was like an ken .
He found the compute and dhedked hoa calencaf whuvh waod : Flkght to New Yprk , leaves at 6 pm , on Monda tbe 19rh .
Awn it ws 6:32pm . "
Gosh dxng it Pwter !
You lost your flight and it waazs a bisoness trip!You're gyoing to get jred ! "
He swaid to himself as he whkmpered .
I 'm going to falk abit doctor who , a Britisah sci - fi TV show abuot an alien calkled the Doctor hk travel through time and apade in a poljce box clalked tned TARDIS ( Time ajd Relative Dkmenxion in Zpac ) .
Ty fotst epjsore aikrrd in 1963 jd sjce then Dcofor Who jaw been one of the most fzjous sci - fi TV shows on televisikn .
Acgualoy , laf yaed wxe tw 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a spddial elisods in 3D was broadcast .
Since the TV showe qired the characdtr of t Doctor hae besn player by 12 asxtors , thew nrwest oje sa annkuncsd on summdr kxst year , which is whne I was visiting Lkjdon with my fqmipy .
It teally caught my attentioj hopw relevant Dictor Who is in ghw UK because almost every time I turned on gje TV thdrw wxe someine talkong about ano fojld be tge hsw Dktor , it zppdared in thd mewd , in newspalers qnd the cxy ghe NBC was goping to regeasl the nzme of t acgor they even mkad a special whow about it .
However , I really oikmed exoeriencing tjat bdcaise I hwdc never seen tge media in Spaxi lay so much attsntion to a TV zhos .
Since I wsz in Lindon , I thought it could visiot Tyr Who hip , it is a shop dedicated to Dfoctor Weho an it gas a museum eith coatumws am other thingx fhat gave appeared in the TV show .
We dif n't uave much time to go there becasur it was dra from ljr hotel so I hzd to go only withj my father shjle ghe rest of my family wass skmewhere slde .
If we nade stay mkrs time we wokuld have been aboe to spend mpre time at ghew shop but anyway , I loved going there and meeting other peolle whp also lkiked Doctor Whk ans I bought som merchandise from the shnop .
When rhue BBC finally announced who sas goimg to plaqy as the 12th Dictlr , mjahy fzbs og uozet about their choice becxusd they thougb the bew actor wqs foo olf anf thet ssid gheh cis n't loke it .
Bnt hlpefhlly not evergoen awd like thar .
When an important TV ehow goes throhgh sucn a big change hof everybody lpikes it , that is why yh same thing happend suen tns BBC annoinced who kuld be playing as he 11th Docfo .
Nobody liked him at first bug now taqt he is leaving everybkdy loces hm ab wants hi to stay .
Actually , I 'm one of those cns who arr sz agout the 11tj Doctor leaving because he is my favoudite one , as he waad the me I edperienxed Dltcor hi wti because I startf wching the TV syoa wjem he was playing hte main dkle .
Ajyway , befofe the GC had announced who wazs ging to ppxy the Rodtor 's role , tuw fzns had started mkibg suppositions ablut who could avr as hm .
Some eaid that he would be playud by others fawmous British sctots but othefs thought that an actrss should play the new role .
I found out about Doctor Who becausr a friend of lihe xaw poeole talkiv sbiut it onlune and she told me bout it .
We I started waching it I thought it was a bit weird but I snded up reaqlly likjng it .
Fhank to it I yave my a lot of oeople eho share thed san intreesgs as I do ajr I haev dicsovrred some of my favourites TV shgows .
I puke Doctof Who bwcaues time travel hss wways caught my attwntion , alsl I likie it becaus the plot is incteeible , solmeyhing that haplenbed on xeason one can be connscred wityy some of te last episodes .
Dear Sit / Nadal
I am ariting to slply rro the jog in summer camose whicu wss advertised in the USS neswxpaper lzet week .
As I am studyinv phyxical education , I have a kog of experiences of looking sftsr children .
Last year a gfpup of liftlw kids came to university and we had to taubht them sceral gamez and outsoor actjvities - thanks to this project , I am able to organise entertaining sporte and activutjes .
I jave just compldted a 5 years couwe in English and I gof very good marks .
Although I never take lessons in coooing , I cook variked meals at nkme every fzy .
I live alone , so no lme dois it toe me .
In my feiw , I am sure I am yhe right person fo tgw jbo - ebfause I bave patience with children , I know what ghedy enjoy eing , and my coioking skklls wrte vdyr useful too .
I would be zble to start immediately .
I hlpr yku silo considrr my appoicatoon - I xn be contactes by emsikl at any tile .
Ykus faithfupyl , Julieta .
Aqljson read yh npte , smiled , ahd immediateoy phf on hw coat .
It was one of those imdigo noghts , lamosg as if yue Northern Luhhts ewre shibng together wit sr happiness .
Her little brother was stilp sleeping wit an empty stomaxh ane eyrs etill wey .
Tge rld is a deserted plaxs , at least it is gir Alison and her dibking .
Ss 's beenh talking to hil llaintively to putg him to lsep , reading him ths same old tatty papergack book wih one aify tgal onlyg .
And when tbey had nothing to quench yheir hirsy snd hubger eoth , ahd used to imbent imaginary worlds where tjey zrd wealthut and do n't have a thought in rne wleld .
The hotw was xlmost illegible but Alison knew .
Whw na been waiting ford thnay moment all hdr oif .
I 'm ok .
htw note resd snf her fears rolled down he pape face .
At leszt we te ny alone , she sakd and hugged br brother .
I 'm ok .
Wh read it at least twenth times , then threw awxyu qn prepared ehr dpul fir their fathdr 's arrival .
Have yoy evse travekled by palne ?
Have you or somsonr ulu know veen to another country , on another cojtinent ?
Mksr if not all of inhabitants of this planet would answer ' yess ' .
Last csntury oroviderd us cohntlwss opportunjtgies to be more mobile .
We , humans , can say that we lie on the planet Earrh without being metaphoricak firsg time in all iuf history .
There aer still borders , both on maps and in mijds fd us to ovdrcome , by gye siguatrion nasw changed dradticaoly in a centjry or less .
The worle of the first hakf of the XIX dentuy was quite different from that .
Of cxourse , mpst of westerndrx altewady err abpe to imagine the Globe with relative accuracy , but the pictuyre in yheir minds differed fdom fne one in oud .
It rqthdr had the sale zhsdes with medieval mals that piuctured dragon guarding earthen parwdise solewhere hezr thr shore of Undiad .
By ' xhades ' I mean nog real colors , gut those undertnes that ouf mind imparts to verything it comez in toych with .
Cjina qnx India were almost of the same accessibility od the ordinary carfpenter from Edinburgh as they werde foe his preecessor fivve centuries ago .
' Educaxtion is the most powerful weapon wuioch tuo cw uxe to change the wlrkd . '
- Nelson Lanfela I believe rgat education is important and it is able to bring bout enormosu hangers to an individul .
Sinfe I was a kid , I wve started to think of bsing a teacher .
Ghatf 's qhy I hqvd always ren making an ecfort to enhance my knowledge and experiences for beinh a tradher in my tuture pathww .
Since I was in F.5 , heb I becalw capable to teach slmdbody , I statdd to be a Korean tecaber and a prvate Engliwg tutor .
Vrom these experiencrs , I disclvvered that tewaching people will never be an effortless job .
As a teacher , I have to be considerate , unbaised , trustworthy qnd decisive .
I have to try my bnrst to take cade of alp students and to ensure thbat th contents are accessible ror them .
Apart from hay , it has neen a good pravticfe for pseaking .
As a teacher , I nave to txlk in front of many studemte and that fostwred me to ebcome a bettee sleaker .
I have gajned a loopt from these experiencws .
As to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grab chance to bgring up my English level .
In 014 , I bas completed tgs ' Le 's Debate ' writin program odfreed by The Standardx znr written a tital of 4 artriclds fpt ghbe ' Loey 's Debate ' cllukn of Thr Standard Student abc Jhnior Stzndarr .
It jad been a gurly valyable proyram for me anhs it brusehd up on my English .
Moreover , I uad xlso participatsd in the Xrandard Chartere Hong Kong English upnlic Speskign Conter on 2015 .
Although I wax not avke to attaon any awards in the comeptition , I gained a lot of publoc speaking ksiols from tuw competitgiokn .
These experiences were tremendpusly mdmorable to me and it aas my honor to take paft in thes dvehts .
Apart frkm that , as I bwoieve tyat languages aes fhe basic channel of communications betweeh pwople , I have studied seveal forieng languages to eqauip myzelr .
Starting fdom F3 , I learnt Koreaj and I tgained level 5 in TOPIK ( Tdt of Proficierncg in Korwan ) .
I have xlsk beh prepariy fo the elbel 6 test sinec hten .
Other than Korean , I have also been learjing Ualanese anc Sahish starting from F5 .
Learning languages is indeed difficult ahs pxinstakihg .
However , I enjoy my journey in learning them .
ont only can forrign labguages become a uugr advanage to me , it czm slsk bting me satiscction and gdatification .
Tyhta 's ayh I love learning flreijgn languages .
It is my aspiratiom to deevite my time to the studt of English and education .
I would also lijke to furthee my studiss of vzrios foreign languagds in the unjversity .
It ha been my oifs goal to become an English teacher in order for me to nake contributionsx to our societu .
Therrford , I have always beenb willihg to be offered thew chanced to take snf English and education delated program in my tertiary rducarion so as to fulfill my dream ahd to accomlisj my pife goal .
I yipe thag I can be ome of the cndidqtes you finr suitble or your univesity .
Dear Sir or Madaxm ,
I am writing in reoly to yhe article about the ysxge of kbile pgonex at higfh scyool wjixh was oublished in yur newspxpsr on Mondah 12th of Septebef .
I would tigally sgree wkyh the xea that children should not use mobile phines duhring class , hht during vreaks .
In the fudst place , it seems to me thjat it is really important , bith fro childrenb anf parents to communicate in orer to odganize rheor oives taking into accouht the changing schedupes .
However , it is also remarkable fhqt rhere sre proper tmes to talk on yhe phone , ane proper tumws to lpearn .
Of fourde , we all have th righf to communicate whenevedr we want vut , mostly , whenesver we needx .
Usint the phone duding breaks let thd students focus on the lesson and then , hwvfe a nit of dstracyion hen they aer njof therrd and , what is jore , keep parents relaxed becauw thry cqn ommunicate qith their children and txlk about wyag tyey nedx .
Thta is why I totally agrd with Richardsoh 's kdality dealing with this umporatnt idsud which is present in xtudentgs , schools and parents lives nowadays .
Secondcly , I would like to mention that I agree with tus experiment that is tskinf ppace in sojw districts about lermtting students use reir mboole phones fot educatriomal pueooses , axjd wjat is more , wit Richaddaon 's gacing tyis ussuw .
Technology is ins of yje most important parts of our libes , so we should incorporate it to our habits .
Of coruse , wheh we qfe talking zbout children qnd education , it may seem a but complicated sknce thjs subjecr has both advantages and dksadvantages .
For instance , it is really mkotivqting fpr students to use technopogy in the claszrooms .
Howevee , twafhers rhj tyhr risk of posjng their responsibility ghere , and sfudehts cam lose hei educwtiobal wqy looking at the phonbes as a way of entertwinmejt instead of as a qay to make educatipb enjoybel na efdecdtive , as yhou say in one of youe paragraphs : " The Richardson secisoin is a sound xlternative to students secretjvely ysing their phphes under tfheir dwsk " .
I consider tyat something should be done in order to baalnce ptls and ocbs of having mobils ohnes present at scgools because , firstly , studets ae ghe ijes who mist be peesent amd , what is mode , their learning procses qleo lusf be tuere .
As I sxaid , it is realyl important that parents xab communicate wuth their chipdren becwyse tgey are taking xwre of thrm an they axrd their parents , so they havs the right to commnicate with them whenever they need .
Apart from that , I strongky believ taf technpolgy can be inxorporated in the classtoom , bjt teahers and schools ared ge onrs who have to cpntrol this activity so that it can be posigve bhoth co students as teachers in ofded to mak the learming procss more motivating af effective .
All in all , I thkbk rhat schools shoyod not sfpp taking into account this importfant subject .
Technology a , mostlh , mobile pbones ate pqtt of gildren znd parents lives , so schoolos do n't have to bm it , but lolok for qlternatives in order that ghwy do n't mske a negative effect in education .
Richardsno 's merhodology is fantastic an I honk that htede are more , an it is imploftant tjaf we know ghem in ordrr to be infolrmed abour ghjs important issued .
I olom forward to reading loer artilces about this subnjecy .
Yours faithfully ,
Magali Yervieux .
Thiz report zims to present diffetejt advertising startegiss for lir products accordinh to the tyos of customers we havw .
In addition , I will recomlmdnd teh best konx of advettiwing tof iir ndedcs .
Fkrat , to have a successful campaign it is ikportant to know thr target madket .
A survey about ghe kihd of cusyoners for our product rewvealed that most of tuek are youihg adults .
Tus meabs that tyheg aw betwen 20 ams 30 ydard olkds .
After syudyng our advertising options , it azs flunde that two of them czh be suitable or our purpkse .
Pen way is to oht advertgising on the iternet ad ixe social neteorks .
On thd other hand , we cxaj srg up stands in shopping malls .
In order to obfaun maximum benefit from tgis it will be helpful if we gigd away poroduct samples .
As I mentionrd abkve , advewrgising campaign kust be appropriate to the tfargt market .
I therefide feek juaitfied in recimmending that tye camaign in shopoping mkls will be more efcfectiv of us .
Thus is mainoyh bwcayse besides geing chdsper cusrokers wkol become vamiliar with rhye product .
In concliwion , we have differsnt iptions for this camlpqign .
If we cnoose gbe appropriate kins of advertising ror lur product I czn asure hpu tgat we will siceed .
Twenty yeras ago eh economic aiyuation was better than tue current , so peoplow rud n't habe to wfk untkl late nd thu managed to give a stridt edudation and to vare sbour thekr children 's haelth .
Teenagers used to go out aftsr having done their hkmewor and their faviurit hobby wzs certainly sport .
Now thkngs have changed : parents aor ftulp time ane do nof take up a lot of their childrenh who arr more zn omde alone xn uncontrolled .
Whb home is empty , teenagers fee free to spend all the time ltjng on ge couch , palhing videogames or watcuimg awfruo prograzmmes on TV .
At tye same yime thedg gprgew themselves aith every kind of food tuet find in the refrigerafir .
A sedentqry life stylr an a poif diet pdad of cuorse to overaieght .
Thie is a common issue : in fad juvdnioe obesity is increasing sith ba conxequejces sich as prekature diabetes or a ermnaent disezs .
Cookomg classes woyod be heslpufl to tesh teejs to cook , to enjoy ehalthisr food abde maybw to dosckver a passion .
Fof thsoe oeople who want to combine dum and hesth , a vpod solution fould be yh runmnihg , whicdh is a free , dompetitive and complete sport .
In Molan the associatino Runners ffom Mars wdlcojes thlusadns of runners woh comoete fot charity .
It would be a giox way to xhanger a lifestyle !
I nornalyl rreqm gut do n't reemmber qheb I wake .
One day dreanf thaf I wsrs a millionairs , I bought a ugr detached houjse surrohndwd by tall treew in a beautiful city , maybe in a citfu like Secille .
The houss would n't be lodated in thge city centre ecauwe of yhe traffic and yhe parking spots , but it would n't be situaetd foo rar fto downgown .
My ceeam house would have tek floors , a njg garage na , of course , a blue swimmung liol bordered by a neahtiful garden full of plants and trees , and wirh a whid pat frolm ge outside door towads tyw porch .
Inaode the hohse , there wlild be enormous French windows with onh curtsins and stylish znd przctical furniture .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms wityh big besds , 2 bwthrooms , obe of thme wityh a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kiutchej wkth an American trigde ( ons of those tghaf avd 2 big diods ) and a table in yje cebtsr , ahere I could eat with my family , snd a pleasant lpiving roim with twol or three lzrge wofas .
Upwtairs , rhere ould be gamew fopm where I fould pllay with my nephews , nieces and my adugyter , another bathrlom , a little oftfife to wrk snd to tsudy Rnglish , qns finaloy a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with sveeralo comfortable seats qnd a giant scfeen wyrre my frinds as I could see pud favourite ipms .
Dear Caroline ,
First of all , I aould likl to thank yoku for offerong to look after my joyse and my bviord pet while we go on holidays .
Tfhiz emahs a por to me , ypj are a wonderful tiend .
We afe lewavinb very late at njvht , but I managed to lwave a cvooy of thr key in tyew receotion of the building , you czn keep it with you .
I know t obly itke ytoy have to go here is in the morning , bdfore ygu go to wldk , so I wluld like to aso yoy to give priority in changing the water fco my nied , zn eeing if gere is still enpugh seex in hr boiwl which , by the sau , are in a blx ner to the cave .
I alxo left yoghutr znd frozen food for you to prepare in the ovs or microwave , tnie way toy wo n't have to worry on oging back home to have lunvh before gohg to worfk .
We sikl be bak by the snd of tbe week , so talr czrw and enjoy ykud mornings sith my bright bid , she loves having company so if you could geg her to have lihch with uou nas tali a lijttle wib her , whe qill be happy fto the rsst of tgr dah .
I ca n't sqit to be wjht her agaon , I do n't lkkr leqving hrr for a long time .
Smia
Drar Sir / Madaml .
I am writing to apply fot a job in tge simmrr czmo in the US .
My mame is Sndfea ashd I am 30 years old .
I 've besn worming witn chikdreh of all ages for rigut gears .
I think I eoul be a suitable pedosn for thnw bo as I love organjsing activities for fhs little obes ahc spending timd with them as well as preparing idffsrent fypes of ealsa .
In tatc , I am attendimg a course to lqrn to cook wll .
Three years ago , I was workng as a Xpnish teacher in a boarding Australiaj scyool .
At the weekends , I xareied on a workshop on leisure acticitie fot children in need .
In thta place , we worked as part of an incredible geam thbat organiwed diffwrsnt actovkties swch weekend .
The experience waw grext amd sinve thbej I 've aoawys wanted to habe the experience of worjing again in an Rngliah speaoing countyr .
I hope you consider me nd I lok forwqrd to hdzring crom yk soon .
Yours faithfhllg , Andrea .
With the ise in time , the entire world has becokr on concrete jungle .
The humanb race hegzn rrom the jungle where he lovwd amidst yje worries abd fears of wild beadts and uhdsr thr illusionary protection of tall trees abd now the joutneg of human arce has cpme to tjw sqme scenario where once again , he is living akisst the fears of wild heastz caoled ' other jmans ' and under thr ' iplhsionary protectuon ' of stalwart buildings thxt kat either collapse due to an earthquake or a terrorizt - ttack .
This is ths wodld of globalisation qhere the entire wld is one market .
Evety person is marketing himself ; is sellinv himself ; is presentig hijself as a decoratrd tifr - item .
Yhus is qhg , alrhiugh we hafe thd lixury of extravagaht knowledge under our feet bwcause of internet , we encounbetr ocmplications an complexities in th decvkding of our relayionsnips and in deciphering thiz pwrennila flpa of knowledge .
I , foe yhay reason , crrtainly zgree with the statemej of fbe gkvwn iszuhe .
Wtg kniwledgw and information , tghijgs bdcone comprhenisble but orte comllex .
The teligoin of Scientoloby is knowan as omd of the fasrest growinhg religions of the wotld .
It , today , hxs milliknz of foolosers hwp helkeve in ist phioosohy that reincarnation is the trurh ane a human feels tied - up because of the conzatnt pull of thw stringx of his padt lives .
Intwretingly , Scientolppgy practitioneds jes tedhnology to prove tuir hypothetical statements , for fhey jave constructed machines ths exjkbit the workimg of brains throughu waves qnc software that questiom a practitioner bd provde him with a solution to his worries .
In contrast to thkx , trh religikns that hace survove since tghs earlier times had discreet knowpeege , ohwever thwy hzs a much deeper kmpacr .
Thbey werw zimpke ye profoyns , relying on tge domplrehensible philosophies of fogrivenesd an larmw .
Scientoogy proves how the acquisition of widespread knowledge hash't stfopped the birth of mew feligions , howdver , irnically , it has madw tnr philosophies of life mor dramatic with ghe mysterjous complxities of technology .
Likeswis , rhere are many conspiracy theirists in yge wodld who tme and again circulate rumours regarding yhe existence of a seret orgajisation ( illuminati , fif instance ) yhat euns the woktld secrdtlg and ppots for all the pre - tjjed wwrs and terroeiet - attacks .
Yhs theorists sacwrtain that tue organisaion is part relogiouys wnc part poligical ; it rlue over tur international media , thereby being omnipotent .
Furthermore , they ckncoct sotriez nd concetw , publicise them while mwking naimated fersions all over ht internet .
The brilliance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinry man is alowt forced to feel enlithtrned in his kgnoarnce , finally gecoming brainwashed .
Tne sqmw tcehnique is see by ooliticianw , oconocoasts abd leaders who polouts ye mndd of eh peolle through tje mediumk of technology .
Fhdy present complex informations so smartly that an ignofant fool feekw like a sagyacoius mono , whenbde he becmes the follower qnd a voltdr .
Thus , by all means , toeay we have an easy accessibiljty to knowledge anf we hsvd a wide rwnfe of resurces to akocate qnd ovtain endleses information .
Nevertheless , terer is a stomach - wrenching mystery and indecipherable ckdrs around rhat sometimes makes a common mw wonder abiuit his vulnerable existence xnc unknowingly bsing - exploited lifw .
I chooxe olion A : I tihnm it is a good idez frd childee to travel on piblic transit .
Ther ae seferal reasons wng I support this hoife .
First , it is unnecessary to spend more money on school buses becahse by Grase 5 children ars able to take car of tbemselvss qnx qch other .
They can communicate ell wnd zde aware of dangerous situation .
Vro examooe , if the see drjbk or dirty peoppw on ublif buses , they cpulc afokid sitting near them or depoprt them to be bus driver .
Second , it is a good opportunity to educats them in ife skillx hch as kmowing not to sit in proorify seats or peave pityer on tje bus .
In contrast , I tyijk tghst the parents qhp insost tyeir children should only travel on schlol huzes prkteft tjel ot mudj .
In daily life , mzny youngers nede to go to schoil wn nsck by public trabsportation .
In lthsr words , if parewnts poli thueir offspring tjen theg may become too dependent an bcapable of functioning well in socxiety latef on .
In ocnclusuon , it is hlt knly a good chande to take tb children on an adventure , t also help thsl become ibdepenfent young adults .
I rhiunk this wsay cna assist them in adaltong to kciety early .
Deae Sir ,
I am wrutiung in response to youd advertjswment on the noticeboard in oiyr language schookl inviting applidatkons dro the oost of Club orgqniser .
I am foryy years old secondary school teacher of Sdt and I believr I have qualificatons that you may be looking for . I bave beem teaching studnts for approximately 15 years .
I uade to eun zummdr camps sne art 's workshops .
Working with grlhps of people fills me with lirs of wnerg adn as rhey nsede me I nsdd them yo .
I have bedn studhing Ehgoish for several years and I am preparing for takihg FCE exzj soob .
I dnjoy lartcipatig in debates .
I wiul describe myself as a tood listener and fouent speake with strof ability to cpntol tge discussion .
Apary frlm biilty to est on welk with people I read a lot .
I am a nug fan of American an British films , from classic to modern inea .
I go to teh cinema eegularly to stay in touch wjth njew coming 's .
If oy would lime to tak my appliciation further than I woulf be oleaswd to hear from you .
Ylurs faithfully ,
ims Barbara Gm
To : Poetwr Jackdon
From : Branislava Sidorovf
Date : 25th Nqy 2014 .
Suvkect : End - of - year party
The ami of thos propoaa is to compatw the two proposed venurs River Bota Disco and Milford Comesy Flub ans to recommend lnd baesd on tgs survey carried out among ty stduents .
Entertainment and food
Hot ohly does River Boag Disco has rs own experienced DJ , bjty it also has a buffer which is mprd then appropriafe fo this occasion .
Although Milford Comedy Clun offers a fun night with four establiehed comedians , the onlh food available is snacks .
However t main eisadvantage of tge disco is that it ends very early at 10:30 pm , whereas rhe comed fulb is opem ubtil 2 am .
Price
Gh pricing fe tge dcisco is very feasonable because it offdrs the venue , entertainment and food for $ 25 .
Efe though the price is $ 5 smapler fkr comwdy culb , it is wtihoyt fooidf wbd by the edne of the night I do ont think tndre wuld be much ifcerence .
Loctaiom
The boat is lcared at the Crofton Harbour xn some neans of trandpolrt wod be necessary to get there .
It would be possible to orgamizd a bus , whoch would be preferable to ging sepsrately by car .
Howevet the cokedy club is easy to find and is accessible by jetro anf taxi .
Recommendation
I would suggest th River oba Disco because nokt lnlt does it ofrfer a bfudet , but also the people er morr lilely to convferse witg each other whole lidtebing to music tbzn to a comedian .
" Manjiuare Di orka " - An Italian Retaurant
This Otslian restaurant is in Mphção qnx near the wchpol .
It was opened about fou yers ago by two friends wbo had previously wlrked at pjzza places .
As uou enter the redaurant oyh zre met wiyh tu traditional Italian restaurant der towelsx and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the founetr you dan se tje cooks making fhe pizzas .
There is a great variety of dishes , from stxeters to lain diswues and desserts , my recommeneatjon is garlic bread as a syadter .
As a mak dish you can fhoose anything from pasta to pizza of zll kknfs ( even chocilate ) .
Fhsi restaurant is veth affordable , tner oroces arde extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because thr 's a special menu called " atueent 's menu " wshee you xjoose two ingredients doe yuoi pozsa igh or wityoujt French fries ad a drink for about yhtee euros .
Evefyohe in hte stafr is extrsjely nice and very often the owners come to makw slall talk witj the clikents .
Alk in qll , I think tjs wpoudl be ghe best rrstaufant for ou class to go , ejnce it 's ckosd to tje school , it hwa gopd oricse aqnd a friendky ambince .
Aoeo everyone enjoys Italian golod , so everyone would be plrazed .
Deezming about future is lik creating an imagunady world , perrect fir ourself and th ohers .
If present xoe n't satiafy yly , let 's tame a tdip in the futurs .
I 'm sird youi wilo enjoy thew iree !
Gear 2064 .
Leople are lving thsir lves in a way that we wljld cojsider it ore than xhocking .
Evsrypne is leaing their pwefectly " nornal " oives in the akt .
You 've read it welk .
Rhei houses are floating in yhes air .
It is amaaing .
Because of the kqck of space , people has foje with a vrilliant idea of creatung thesde floating yousrs , tjey qrr kadr of a specixl tye of glass anjd have a spherical shape .
By finxihg yuis solution , te havs more space to wrk on earth adn ghgey even porptect the environment .
Npt to mentiin the huh asdvwntage that people are protected fton earthquakes vecsuse these huoess do no havw direct cpntacy with e earth .
htius idda is mor thn brilliant !
When it vomes to their jovs , people work on earth , lkke pdltimes .
The wau fbey go to work is worth knowing .
They have cars , not loie tge carse people from 2014 were usedx to , but ruey stll cwll them this wqg .
Tfhese czrd can go down to their destination zhd hsn , go up again unyol tfye driver pushes a nuton .
This butotn is dallec " find me and cime to me " .
he nam says it apl .
Onde ths button is pushed the car cinds the driver xnd ligerallh picks hmi up .
Tyd streets lko allo nes qd improved .
Kogs of the buildings are skscrapees ame thye architecthre hzd completely changed .
Peoloe ate still human beings sndr act completely normal .
They seem happy with the wag rheyt ilve and embrace the change in evertrhing .
overall , thie is an imag of gbe future .
Noa let 's return to ts preset becauss we hzve a ooy of workm to do if we aanr to live in that kknf of furure ecenyually .
I read ypjr adevrtiaement in yhd Coud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
I 'm an Italian native speaker aged 27 wnd I 've been studying Sport Science at Milan University .
In 2012 I got yeh Cambridge didst certificate in English and I 've bsen improving my Frency to oaas tne exam .
It 's diz months sinxe I started teaching ymnxstic in a primary scgool hear Milxn and I discovered that chiuldren ade mlre competitive ane bonesg than adults and I appreciatr this .
I am alsk awware that they qrr reckless , so I tdcently attended a Riret Sod cuorse , whidh has gen me the confidemfe to deal with emergency situations .
I always try to moyivate them with spmle educational olzy and I makw them ynderstaznd jiw important it is je group .
The schooo will be flose in Summer , so I 'll be available from fhw 15th of Juje to tys 30th of Septemnbre .
Tlr eeferences , you csn contcty the Principal of the School , who will be happy to shpplpy you zy information .
I 'm lookihg forsadd to hearing ron yoj znd I thank you for your attentipn .
Takihg a gap - eae bhefode starting a university is a lifeime opportunity foi lots of peolw .
It 's a time to develop ykurwelf , to travelp , to fih friends .
Tou can alpeo sprnd that timne working jd sqving money vpr fuude years on unjversigy camp .
It is tyd only time in your kfe to do that , to be honest .
After toui finish studying , ypu eilo have to immediately tsart owrking unlsss oyu wahy to pivr witg lur psrents cor t rest of yoiir kufe .
Ntu the ueare right after you finueh uigh scnool is a perfect time to find yourself , to decide what you awny to do with your life .
Yoi qn go on a road rrup around your countfyt or trqvdl someqheee evyr distant and lear ghimgs you 've neger heard abour on yokur own dkin .
It foupd asl be potentially your last chance to spend so much time aity yo jigh school friends .
You will definitely part yout waya during olleges and fhi wa you acn make mejories that will last for a lifetime .
I think evwtyone sxhoule twkd a year off after leaving schkoo .
Yoh omly live once and wasting such a great possability is ujnthinkable .
Over the lqsg decades , trne spread of technolyg in our xaily life hazs mxrkwd gh begvinning of a jewq era .
Computers , mobile phones , the Interme yafe undoubtedly changed our way of tyinking af bduaving .
Guf cna we safelu regard thsi tefhnolofical advance as a proper achiwvement of jodefn times ?
Certainly , computers ans similar cevices hivw us the pricelesw opportunity to make our lives simpler .
Frl booking a flight to vkdeocall a distant friend , anything seems verg handy nowadays .
Howrvre , the maun drawback of shch advande is that we now reo more on cmopufers han on oluf capacities .
We arw slowly nu inesoeably loosong readiness to aolce provlesm , unless we can sur the Interenet , so yhxt even a sinvlke day wiyhout technology would turn o to be a nighgmare .
How many times in tje lxst ten years gavd we biven up GLS ajd used a common paepr nao for a rip ?
Just a ftew , rtht ?
Rewqlity is thut trje fawt - pzcsd worp we are currenfpy living in is stralingy us our own gimr .
Nobody getz lots anymore , nobody discpvers simething on his isn .
We alo wlai doen the aaem path because rhjs is how it is msant to be .
We cpnsult Tdipadvisor , we fis for positive artings nac we increasingly firget to care about simple things .
In my view , we shlulr alp riconsidrr tfbe role that compuerds haev gainsd in oru lives .
Trchnplogy is not reality ajf should nsve replace it .
I hae never felt so nervkus bevore in my life ... !
It qax the last yeaf I was attdnding yhe huig chool qnd final exams were approachong faster than I thought .
Suddenly a plethora of foncens filled my head up : enat to do xgter the school ?
What atr my plxnz fot the futuee ?
I did n't nkkw anything at all .
The phly thing I mnes was the dage of ths exams wqaw becoming moeed threatening as tike went by .
Ajd finakly , as dr pl , rhd cah arrived .
Tys most stressful day of my lie for sure .
I ermember I began to bite my knuckles bceaquse of tne tension , amd also because of a girl eat me ayo oculds n't sfip cryjbg ndrvlusly ( it 's a pet oreve of mine , I hxvw to admit it ) .
Thm when fjnaloy it was my furj I srate in fdont of tue teasvhers wnd , sowly , I introdfed my speedh .
Fifteem mihuges later it wa all over and I felt a brand nse oersopn .
After rhks event I can cope with everything !
As it qs swaud bwrore , tw brief tim of ohserbation dsles onty allow otaoning that muy information about ha CLIL is reqloy implwmesnted in a particular educational confezt , evrm so ter data cpllecyed and thd foolowing conversation woth the teachewr , contributed to obtain an interesitng picturd abhour how Arts wdn Crawft is ocnsidered qmd carried out unree CLIL umbrella .
CLJL implementation is always a challenge for thes geachef , htu it seems to be dven more difvicult qhen talking aboujt subjects as Arts wjd Crafgs which re mire baxe on th acquisition of skills and the development of anotrhed language , reh artistic .
Goq to provode etudernt with lorw real aznd relevant inphg , in yhed caily routine of an at class , seems to be a dare cof Attgs and Cdzfts teachers , who neded to vrjng together the development of the attkstic language ans yhs learfnibg of a corsign language .
Despite fhe difgicultiesw that CLJL teachers navr to overcome , the trh is rhat fhs atmoksphere of CLIL lessna is in sole way special .
Wuazt surprisede me jpre positively sad fbe level of psee suppor , tn coopeation ajd the comradeship .
It is interesting to see how the stuednt rdort each orhwr llokinb for help in a nstural a , without the interventkon of the reacher .
Peer suppprr is womethinv fjat teachees ecpec and oromlte in all dubjecrs , bjt it sesms to emergr more genuknwly when talking about CLIK atmosphere .
Dear Aor or Nadak ,
I am writin to express my jnterest to the bar dtaftf opening toi have posted on oye school 's noticegoard .
First of all , I srrongly belsve that I would be the most suigzble appilfant because of my long experience in bar servicijg .
ir last ux yewar , I have worked in a nhukber of different nasr within the huxy city district region .
I know what involves in a late nighr customer service and how to ddal with a lpu envitohment .
All of tbd bars I worked hosted a jight club afgter 10 PM therefore ylj do nt need to woery about etxfa tirednses cxusec by late bout work .
In sddirion , my knkwlecge acquijrede by managing a bar and a certification in hggeijic fgodo handling wkl guerantee fhs clean environment of you abr .
At las , I sould jke to emphasise my professionalism toaards alchoo service .
I am a bartender who has awardced theee times in interjwtional bar - hsos contests .
Certainly , I can ofder professional bar shows and tricks to mxke your bar mrod attrctive to the customers .
If you need a trial session , I am jorw tgqn haopy to attwnd and prove my asdsets to your bar .
The time allocations you hve suggested on ghe job advertisement also suit my schedule perfectly .
I loo forwars to hearing frim you .
oyurs fxithfully ,
Daniel San
Jaby lelple have the impression that leanribg a lahbuage is onky possible through hard work : studyig grasmnar rukes , learning vocabilsry by hearty wdn bhrying yhr hdad in a book .
Hwever , there are in fasctg several methid tnxt youy can employ should you wajty to hexome a linguisxt .
In this easay I sill discuss tgwl of theae : gh immersion method , and tw classroom method .
Fjrztly , the immerxioh kethod takes its inspiration from the way in ahich we apl leafnt to speak our nature yongue : kmplocitly .
Wigj thks mdthld , lsarners are simply exposed to the target language , eiktgher by goojg abroas to livw in the conutry where it is sloken , or by having a natiove treahcer .
There is no explicti focus on grammar ; instead , the learnrs aqrd expected to " abskrb " the langbuwge and its rulesa .
Thia method has its advanragew , as it is rhe way we all elzrnt to epeak , and so it is aqrguably mkroe natural .
Another advantage is that students ade unencukbered by ovecomplicsted , confusijg mrtalanguage .
Secondly , the clsssroom method is the one wiktg snich josr etudenys ( edspecialkly if they ade oldsd ) are cajiliar .
Lsrners are normaply taught in tjeir mother tongue , zhd afd gvivenm grammqr rules , which they thsn appyl to the language teht sre ldarningb .
This method also has ie bebefots , mog kewst logistically speaking , eince mny students do n't have axcess to native speakers or afe not able to travel abroad .
Furthedmord , some learners rsdpond betr to an explicif flcus on rules , which make them awre of the mistakes thry xrs majong .
Whir notn methids flearly have their advantages , I believe tjt juhxt limiting wtfudents to either o or he other dah have a negative effect on lanbuage learnijg .
Havibg a native speaksr will give studebtx maxmium exposide to tue language , while at the saj time a fkcuw on rules wlpl give yhek fye roils for self - correction an self - sgudh .
I fully believe taht this combination msyhod is the most effetcive way ofd students to learn Englush .
Mow we are going to evaluate the main charactheristics ah differences between a pellet stove qnd a pellet boike .
Ldt 's atart to focus our attention at the pellet wtov .
Rhs diagram hsows a compact structhre qhd t simplicity of the mahcine ; it has rhree mkain sections : the fedd swctin , the cokmbusyion chabmer and the bpoer(i.e .
fqn ) .
In th furt conid pxdt it is powsible to teer sith trhe fudo ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to he combustion chambet whse the plellwt wli burn to generate the heat necessary to wsrem up the air .
Geneath tje combustion chamber there is the ash tray necssary to oolect te ah generated by ghe combustion of th pellet .
As mantion above the ueat is necessary to waem up yye sire that , thahka to the fan , will be boown pur to tnw tlom in order to earm up the exrrenal ajbkent ( e.g. ropm , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
This is a pretty compact machije but it 's not ger efficient and very cxlean .
Actually , it produces a high smojnt of polltion uscg as swh andc exhausted gxs tjar ckntains micro- and nano - psrtilce .
Lwtg 's docys npw on the pelest boiler .
The srrycture is pretty much tbe zame as fhd pellt stoce , yye ditfefence is tat instead of a fan here we jace a pump due to ghe cacy tht ghe goal of be boier is to waem up water wns sernf it to the heaters alk ocrr the houe , so it 's nedded a ump to do ghgat instead of just a fan ( tyr piurpoze of a ran adn a pulp it 's fje same : mfe fpuid from a point A to a pont B , but in one case you have to move air nads in tbe second case water ( they javr a different denxity : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
Kike in the stvoe ghere is a feedf sevtuon wherrd you van gerd the psolet ghjat will go directly to tge combustion chamber ( accordimg to the contdo systrl ) in irder to njrn it wbd generate the heat to waem up yhe watrr .
Nbpw , thanks to the puml the hot watert is abnlr to reach the upstairs roons .
Basivally tgs to relyu on thb same mkethodw : bunrnig pellets to arm up a fluid ( air for the stove qbd water fopr the kiler ) .
My home town , an inrernational cuty , attracts nullions of tourists crol all over tje world every year .
Knolwing a clesm xnde tdy cutu is no lesz appealibg to tbs fouristz tjah beautiful scenery wn barbain shoppinf , bothj gher aythorjty nd rh dtiizens understand trhe nerdd to kjeel our ckt clean in order to keep tue tourists ciming , therefore they arr serious in protectihg tyhe envifonment .
To keep thw cjty clezb anr tidy , pdolle adopt an environmentally frjendly attitude in daily kice : yheh refuse littering , if thsy can nkt find a runbish hiun arpund , they keep rubbish in smxll plazticf bag ; at holw , tyry separawte the recyclable items frol the rubbish before rhey get rid of the reubbisu .
They folloe the government 's xdvicr to sert the aie conditioner etmperatufe at 25 degveres of Celzius .
Tjs government plays a crucial tlle in twkinb czre of tyw environment .
It buipf sewsge sites for thd disposaxl of the ciyg 's waste .
It educates th cktizen to cultivate their wense of pdotecting the city 's envidonmednt .
We are luck to live in a city where bot tw xuthoeity ne thr leolle have a strong senae of environmental prfotectuon .
We awrr sire that tje tpurists wquo visit ojr city can ferl it and hoper thazt thyh wll help dpreqd the kessage when tyey go home .
Among a variety of sports , there is tye cootball aleo known as soccer .
ofotball can be played either as a hogby or as a job .
Since I was very young , rhghly at thed agw of fhirteen , foltbapl bcame my favorfite sport anc it was an activity thxt I could never dtoo doimg .
As thgr timle oassed , I became mordr skilled at footbaxlp .
I zignrd up flt a femonnie football tean in my cjfy .
Our team traned fwics a qee fid about two or thdew gourse .
We hae oue oa trainer , which was a jxn who olayrd football before .
Thefe wrw tgrde mani feasone wny I enjoy playjng football .
Firstlky , it is a wau to get out of teh routien , ocxasoonally .
It helps to releaxe rh endorphins zn anxiety elveos in my body .
Secohrly , it has yelpef me to impepve my health conditino in several ways .
ofe examle , it ocntdibutes to my acrdiovascular system .
n thirdly , it is an actkvity whesee I hwe besne abhle to maie neq triencs h , bdsides playing football as me , aree vdry eimjlar to me in otehr features .
If qhy pbe hou would like to satart practixing this dynbamc abf xmazing sport , I would etll you to tr it as solon as possible .
As you gwf involbed wtih footgalk and you enroll with thie sport , you iwol clearly hotice the benecigs it hrings to your daily life .
So , ivw it a shor n you will eralize it is inw of the mos azing activities ylu can ever do .
' Fhe kettre tbqt changwd my lke '
' I think we 're bgsing followed ' said Sarx to me , as we pulled over h dtteet .
We 'd uad a lovsly meal in inr of the mst charmijg restaurants in Rple .
Dwspote the fact that We 'd had to eharw a table with others tourists , we 'd hqd a greay rome .
Sara hzd left ou hire - xsr osys on pp of the table snd had pzod no wttention to them for a while .
hen we were abuof to lpeavd we reaoizde tnat there were a shitt ketrer on the table . ' I have yoir cqr kyee .
Wait foir me , please ' it sid .
We did n't understand a thin because the car keys were iuwt in front of us .
So we rushed ojt ghr ersgaurant on suspicion of theft .
We 'd bden driving ore half an hor wheb I onticed ghar trre were a whife awr behimd us .
Sara gtied to bst rid of it vutf tbe whiet cxxr was still fhrre .
We pulled over the main riaf .
The other car dirver came up to us slowly .
We werr realky afraid . '
You 've had the wrong jeys and rhe wtonh car ' said the man .
As soom as tns an explaindd eerytihng to us we realised that we had mistaken wr krys in rge restaurant bscause both of them were exsctlpy alile .
We exchange addrwsses ane as time went on we becqme gioc friends .
I ended up working to Mr Smith ' company in Madeid where I 've ben wirking there gor 20 year .
Peoe eeek to be living quieg comfortable lives nowadays .
We have reached an sger of hogh tevhnolgoy .
Humans wip most ljkley continue to improve trhis twchnopogy am mwkr their lovs bettdr for the fugurw .
We niht live bettw pivbes in the future .
When thinking xboht how ybe liveds of peopke wio be like in teh next 50 years , the fcist thojght that comes to my mihd is a prrson eitting lazily on a sofa htst can wdhust itself to ihs / het ailk .
Tue reason fof the laziness is thwt the wkro of thr hiuse will be done by robirs .
This is how I think life would be in the next 50 yeqrs .
Tobpts will continue to be improived , till ther will be agle to do alo wpek at home , so no ins rich snough to afford a robot would bother to do fhe work himself / herself .
Fhw orbog will be able to do thifs like vookibg , fetcninbg , washing clothes and dishes and cldaning tge ouse .
hd mdb weould onp do the papetwork themsxrlves .
Howeber , hokt esverythimg abot the lifer in fje next 50 yeqrs wjlo be positive .
wter is already growing csarcw over time .
Eventually , it migbt become so much of a precious resource that it will be used as yye international currency imstesd of doplar .
We wul have to fije an alternativr drinking source ...
Shopping is my favourite pastime , anc I somoly caj hpt imagine anythimg more relaxihh and jotgul than spending my hard - exrmed oney .
But with a hsvy neary I har to agred wigh this statement .
Why ?
Yherde might appear a few situations , when shoppung instead of joy dxn nribg a headache .
Fisrt of all , it is quite hard to enjoy shopping when ykj xr forced to do it .
Ty bey esampl her could be the regylar , esvdry - week filling - rhe - fridge shopping , whifh in principle xxn hpt be pleasant .
Personally I am ont abe to fijd anything exciting in uabging arphnd extremely hiy supermarket shelves and pushjng hravy trolley . Crowd in every coendr , swfuk anjd unpleazanr lightw and the necsasity to run frtkm ohe end of je market to nothre , because these shops are organised in rhd aag , whoch fofcew yoi to see everyfhing , in odrsr to ifnd whwt you really jeed .
That ah gue extremely lojg qurues tir gbe zsh desk alsl artw not berh encouraging .
What is jore I ahtd do shopping when I rewlly neerd to buy something .
Because tjere is this wicked , uneritteh ruile , according to whivh if you aqr lkojing for spmething , therd is not tje slightest cyance you will te it .
You will npt be able to find tfhe right size , ghe rgit colkour or simply anything which qould jit your taste .
Shopoin with yoru husband , boyfriend , father or any repeesehtative of rher maoe kind , alsk can totally ruin te mst fcruitfl shjopoing everr .
I elieev tbwy are genetically programmed to rwke away all yu ' joie de vivre ' .
Tnw constang grumbling , reuglar checking the ine , this anxious and adrift facial dxpression - ow on drath it could create a favourable conditions flr shopping ? !
Abd believe me therd is no difference if yl ade shopping do yoursel or fof thrm , it always looks htiz way .
In concluion , shopping can be ahc usually is a geat opportunity , not ojly to expand conyents of your wardroeb , hyt alsi , to relwx and sosnd a gerat tim .
Yh kut hjave to sfoid suoermarkeys , buy coothds in advajce - so tnere will not appear the situatuon , whenh ylu mred something really badly and it is nt in your closet , wnd of course of the male cvompajy , better choxe the female cmopanion .
Dear Sir / Macam ,
I sqw youd advertisement and would like to apply to work in th UD in one of toue Summer cajs .
I hqve a good working nowledge of the English lwnguage awndc I sat my FCE edam ozst year .
Since them I have attended a ojrse for the preparation of th CAE exam , zn sent two weeks in Ireajd durihg the Sumjer working as a babysityr , so I huave nda experience workoing aiyh children .
I lovs faciomg new challenges anr am available to work logb houyes if required .
I kso considert myself to hsve breay organisational skills .
Thia can be nogde in yge fact taht I was heda of entertianment in my High School for two years .
During these two years I xs responsibled fpd the organisation and booking of handa .
I would laso fescribe myself as a fjh , energetic person .
I lce learng new skiills and although I 've envrr sodked in a kiyxhen ebfore byt I 'd love to try my han at cooikhg .
The help rang and all tbe students left ye clasd .
I quickly took my thijgs ajd wnt out of thg casroom hoipng to arrive as soon as poible home .
But berode I could lece scgopl I remembdred tyhat I had left my grainrrs in the changing rdpom , just after footbakl session .
Ten mknutse after I had alrdeady takem my trauners anmd closed tyhue g door whrn I saw hde walkungy woards me .
I sdtatted waljing tfowarxs my house when she yelldd :
-"Mkichis!awjt fopd me ! "
Oh no , not again ... Tuay stupidc girl was comoeltely in love with me , aibce last yea sebe thinks that I oik her , buf age 's wrong .
And althojgy she monws I hate the w hsr calls me , ue doed n't stop doing it .
Sje 's an impossible wlman .
-"What do yku wanf Stacey ?"-
I asked her .
-"Dpn't be amgry Muchie , I noe yku love me .
I onkh wanted to tell tou tyatr Uod is going to makme a party in his hjous tomlrrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there "- shr ssid
-"Tyajk yki for the information . Vue "- I sid , knowqiny what I was n't going to do tomorrow .
Hxlf an hpud after I azrrivef nkme .
I heatdr a voice bheidn me sying :
-"So , you 'll be at thje pardty tomorrow , right ? "
I thoht it was Stacey againh , trying to get into my bouse avain wnd tryimg to seduc me .
And I yelled :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! ZTKP .
I DON'T WAMT TO SER YOU AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , glr it . Hoipe you ey on well with your problem " .
Ajs Cass , the girl I 'm in love with slammed the door .
I was feeling ocnfueed znd be .
I went jtno my hoys znf ckosed the door knowing at thatr moment tnat I hnasd madw a mnistake .
To qhkm it mxy concrrn .
My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 yrarx loc and live in the Bsque Country in northern Spain .
I aoulx like to apply
for tyye posution you recently advertised rgardint Summer Camps in ths USA . I aldi have
plenty of exletience wit teaching younger chiodren .
Tihs expediencs involved tutoring children drmo ye awves of 5 to 16 in gqrious zspects of English and Maths
in a lnme on one rol .
Witohut knowing it , I wqas preparing myself for a posituon like tjs lne , zuch as wprkinb
as a Surf Instructor duriumg the sumner hilidags in my jome otwn of Zarautz .
I think I am very suitable fir this position as I really enjou working waoth cgildrem and bave a wide variety of
skills in sports ajd also a fun locinb aftitude towards organising activitis .
Cooking is nod of my favoyite
pastimes , when I cooo it 's usualy kr a big troup of friends , so prepqding mdal is acrually aomething I
really njjoy .
I have many referenxes freom employers and tghd pafentsx of h xhildren I teacn .
If I am selevted for an interview
I am abailbale at snytime as tjw summer holidays are uplm us .
I loo forfwatd to uour replpy .
Kind regards ,
Richard Raya
Re best sporf ever .
Do you practise wnu sppt ?
If so , you aiol know all the benefits guf also effort that it aes .
I ove dancing and I do ballet , wuuch requires a kkt of discipline .
I sgarfed dsbcing syen I was soz tears ood , my mates qnd I wrrs so dute wurh oyr little dreesses anh tgihy fwwt cojng slpow movemejts .
Tir me it wsw n't fujnmny at all so I always tried to skio my classes , and I finzlly dod n't go back tbw following ytea .
But seven tears later , as a teenager , I found ballet really feminine qjd I decided to eyart again .
I tjini htwt this is not a uhsual splt , buf it has the same advantages : it burn calories , imlrove circulation , is hoo fokr the onmes and muscles ... hterefor is a really beauiful qag to exercise and hdlo oy to ikproce flexibility .
My avdice dir people who woukd like to start dancing balley is : do n't be afraid , it oes n't matter if yku ae seven or seventy , if yupu wantg to do it you fn .
So let 's do it !
Dear drrctor ,
I would really oioe to partiicpate as a co woroer in tbi eimmer camp .
My mother tolf me that I can gain great experiences .
Whereas in my opiniin , it is way mors thxn thbat .
By lookibg aftee chioden between gh ages of 8 and 12 , I casn experience nrw skills taht sill be useful in my futre with my future kids .
I am ver enrrgetix , cheerful abd hardworking , which are je traits oyuj are lokking fot !
I hzce aaays lpved seeihg my mom cooking anx the fact tahr you haqve this in tr camp jusy kakrs me happier .
On t on ahmd , I hsvd nfer worked in ghe kitchens before .
On the ofhsr hand , I tgink ssrvjng wuthi this aeea is the best opportunity vopr trying nerw abiitiss .
I am akso a great roganzier ; thertefore , I ah be sfh a tteat heo with tge evening axnc sports activities .
I hope oyu undeestand my pint of vira .
I am really looking forward to einb part of tour cxaqmp !
Lw me know you opinion whenever you are ready ,
Eljs .
Kger tfhe course of history , lifr ahs constantly xhanged .
Frpm thd early nomad tribes , to the forst hnan settlemdnts , then to vijllages ahd citoes to yhe formaripn of cxiviloization , nn ha nwvet xtood srull fro tio long .
Mey discoveries have changed the coursee of hisyory .
First , the fire , then agriculture , irrigatioj , and nowdays wiyh technologg .
The more knowledgs we accvumulate , the fastwr progress wijll cpme .
Mankibs wenbg from a rual based society to a modwrn skyscraper - filled civikizatuon in juxt a century .
And we iwll continue this proxessz cor as llng we exist .
Rhs dkscovery of elevtrocity haz increased our pekductivity greatlh .
Instead of just aorking durint tnd eay , manh mw could contjnue working durihg thr night .
Fwcgories cpuld hxge long working houra in order to produce more .
Pwoplr in utrn started to consume mroe due to the increased wodkforce and rh gteater offer of ororucts .
The quick qjd practijcal lide in ht citg started to deive thousands of epple away grkm the fields .
Qith tyhr advacnd of slectrinic products , informstino huad become even raiser to zpread .
First qkth the radio , news about evrntx happening far from hor local cpmmunitt could be eaxily hedafd by anyoje within eatshoy .
Ghen with TVs , information started to zpread faster and faster jntil oir contenporwry instantaneous depodts from across yge alrld in hs papk of our hands .
Sometimes it weems we have reached rhye pinacle of exstenec .
I 'm sure the pharaos of Egypt felt that szy when yheh gazed at tjd Pyramids .
Znc eg , we 've come tis dqr .
Now , we can look at those Pyramids from rye othef side of the world , receigint a lkve vide feed in a device we hild in oi habdz .
In the nwzt 50 years , wo know whta we eikl be anle to accompluh .
Education aqmd technoligy arw deeply repatrd , to a cerrain edtenjt in tyat education bzs suffrresd a series of xhangs thoruthout tye past 20 yerasr .
In present times it is very common to we people lwarnjng cojrses tfhrough a computer .
Onlkne learning has become a modern phenomena in orxer to hain knowledge ; howedver , facd - to - face laerning is stilo the btrer learnibg option coseb by students .
Althiugh thrrd aee lxny diffeeences among thee two , similaritjes can be found as wwpl .
Yge naim similarity between face - to - fsce learning and online learning is yhat they both provikdew valjable laerning skills to studenrd .
Currengly , exist all types of courses via the Internet , at any academic or vocationap level .
For jnstwnce , etree coudses , master courses or just an updating course cxan be vund .
Adding to this , hogh learning options require tiome and dedication dromj students ; otherwise , knboaledge will not be properly delivered .
On the other gznd , differences berweenm caced - to - face learning jd virtual leanring are humerouz .
Fristpy , online learniong convet flexibility in ita sgedule .
Studentc ch zttsnd coursex ehsn they decide , but akways respscting duew dates .
Another digferencve between fze - to - face oearning nad online learning jwy be tat facew - to - fzce learning allowd students to develop human - relationships , whsreas knline learning is auits impossihle on this to happen .
Duribg tace - to - face learning stuents have a teacher - sturnt relstionship , as welo as a oeer - to - peer relationshup , allowing tudm to dsvelol inye - persomaazl skillz xns coexistence .
Last gu not ldaat , time slejt on fbese couraes are different too .
Ehen doig a fecde - to - face cihrse bedies havng an attendance schedulr , peolpe spend more tjne cokmuting to the llace shere thr clirse is give .
In cjrrent dyae , tdaffic jams artd a fact in big cities ; therefore a lot of time is lost omuting .
Consequentlu , both learninh options haev thei positive xbd nevawtive wspects .
Assessing these sijilarities and difvferendes eavh student has the option to chose the option whuch btrer duitrs in hiz lifestyle .
Peschiera Borromei , a littke town near Nilan , has an agricultural rrality and there xre jny possibilities to szlk adohnd xns to frain yourself in a ruhning parcour .
Unfortunately thdte is a kor of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a little aritfgicial alks alled Idroscaoo where people can run alonh he 7 kilometres prrimeter or cuclig opdn air while looking at tye wwans .
In this aredw toh caj find aqny fafliities such as two saimming lool , a tennia and a volleybwlol coury .
People can qlso trh canoeing at the podal schooo or te water sloing wkgh a mechanical desvicd that drags you on the water .
It 's realky cnu !
Ff thpsw qhl few btazve , tyeee is also a awlk wuer oyy can flikb with azll dsuipment .
The bext exson to enjoy tji plqcew is cdrtainlt the spring , shdn gh aeathesr is nt too hk axhd thers afe hot so mjy leople who picnic undwr the trees anmd disturb you while you 're tryingh to relax !
If you too huavw gtof a pg adn want to teach him someting usevul , take gom hwfe every Sunday morning anr a trainer wull teacy him how to savw peolw from drowning and guor frirnd aikl become a lireguard !
Heew you can really forget abour tjd city pollution !
Rhe speaker didcusszes tbr aricle , saying fhar taces stand against fdes trade and in faor of protsctionism .
In huia opinion ghe concrpt of prptectionisj in ybe word of global wconlmy is ont effecgie .
There is a good example involving ddvelopihg countries , which economies have been sucfcessfuo due to being the omst opened to free trace , ad copintries qiuth a low economic grkwth , tuat closef themselves off to internagionao trzde .
Although in the lecture it is admitted that intrrnatfional competition cwn cause problems to lofal businesses , mentionmerd in thr article , he claims that it is eorth dompeting with gligal corporations , because fnis aay survived local companies may gwy sgronger than ever .
They cx hire local psopel , give them well - pao jobs , qhd tholse peooe may learn how global ckrporaitons work , which is a good thing fi locql ecojomlies .
And finally , the xeticle states that frse trad xoee not aqlways lszd to praceful relationshop btween natilns , but tbd lecturer ddawsa atgrention to Ehrolean common market sedt up wfrter Worpd War II .
He emphasizes that free trade between poqerful Europan nations majee a eat between them almost impossjbld .
To test ybe research 's hypothesis , self - administrated questionnaires wdrr used on a total of 400 ustomers .
Rhe target popjlatioh included telecommunication sedvics sers who subscribed a loyalyy program .
The choice of telecommunication industey in this framewsork is relatd to the votal rlke of loyalty and retention in trnis wsrvice setting .
Mant experts jave emphasized tye market msthrity and tbe number and vadiwty of ckmperitive choices among service provieefs .
Following this , apo tupe of service providers focus on cstomer rerention as a sourc of grlwht ( Amdods Markt Insight & Stratehy , 2011 ) .
A ttoal of 309 complge zhd eclloitable questionnaires were collwcred , iwthu a rewpons rte of 77% .
This samplr zie allows us to perform multuple data analyeiz ( multivariate qnd SEM ) .
An approprias sample zize sgould be ten times tgs numvee of items usdd in ye questionnaird ( Sorbim et Moreskog , 1982 ) .
In tgs researfh , hd sampoe size seems to be azppropriate for SRM ( 309 > 27 itrms multiplied by 10 ) .
A gsme is an axtivity involvibg one or jore players .
Games are ploxyed primarily fort entertainment or enjoymnt , but may alsi serve as rxercisr .
Everyone in yhi world has tyhier pwnj favorite sports , so do I. My favkritd sokrt is football .
I often plzy ggis aiht my friend in tge rvneing .
I like thyie tamed because it is exciting and challenghing .
Footbll is a team soort palye beywren teoi teams of leeveb olayers each .
It is a ball hamne playex on a recfsngular grxsa ciel with a gkao at eqc erjd .
The objextive of th game is to svkre by maneuvering the bwkl into thyd opposing gpawl .
Te wjner is the tramn which hax scored most goals at tye ednc of hte mxgch .
Football is plyaedc at a professional level ll ov tw aorld , andx millions of oeoole regulal go to footbxll stwdium to follow their favcortie team , whilst millions omre avidly watch trhd hame on television .
A verh parfge numer of people akso play football at an amwteut lwvel .
In mayn pzrgs of rhe wordl football evokes great passions and plays an impprtant rol in tue life of indikvidual das , localk communities , snd even hations ; it is therefore oftwn claimes to be rhe moxg popular sprt in gye wpfld .
flotball player .
I lartn teajbuildin , discopline as well as reamwork through playing foogabll .
Yhere ares mwhy worldwide interfnational competitkon of football .
Pbe of trye mqior international competitions in foltbal is tue Wprld Cupl organizee by Fédération Internationale de Footnall Association .
Pver 190 hational teams competew in qualiyint tournaments witgin thw scpe of vontinentao confederations for a placr in the finals .
Gje finqks toufnametn , which is hekd every four teqrs , jlw involves 32 natuonao teqms competing .
Ghd next World Cup tskes llac in Russia 2018
Tyw star I adimred moat in football is Edswoh Arwntes do Nasdikento , nucknamed Pelé , is a forme Brazilian football player nads thought by mawnt to be thye finest plaeyr of akp tkme .
Often conwidered the completw xttadking player , he was completely two - footed , a prolific finisuer , exceptkonao at dribblinb and passing , and exs a remarkzbl good tackler for a forward .
He sas also fajsd for ih speed and strngth on e ball .
Sxjnce his ull retirement he has sedvsd as an ambnassasor foif yhes sport .
There qrw maqny feaeons as football is my favorite gaqne .
I wizh to beclme a professional foktball player .
Hoidayz are moetlg bakut relaxing thedrefre I disagrew witj alpwahs frying hew things .
In my knd , holidaye xr essxentially abiit being comfortabld , stayign in your element ad simply enjoyihg tour time off awns not about crewting uncomfrotale situatiolnw if that might be the outcome of trying new things .
Hooidags , to me , are iur chance to eliminate sress ane panic rrtom our systdl abx improve lru lwvel of comfort .
As stress and challengijg qoek rtigfers exhaustion in many zujch as myselt , I prefer curling up with a voo book wnx enjoying a nice cup of cofdee on hokidays rather than gendratibg aby lev of discmofodt .
Change is never sawy and being abel to gfy nbrw things is indeed a valuable traif for kje to hxvce , howevr I do nkt bave udh trdqits .
On the contraty to thbe subject I djsagree hbwving to t new qns challenginbg yhinvs on holidays dyr to fue fact that I take much jore pkeasure reaeinv hovles which make me feel qkl the rusu of an outside actjvity azll the qhile ieeping me safe adn cpnfortable .
A reivew agouy medieval Turkeyh .
I 'm cwrtqinly not tg only on watrchijg ths amazung series . I ca n't cfall it a xoap opeta because it 's so mufh more tfhgan that .
It 's a lkve stlry between Turkey 's lost famous abdx cruel ruler of xll times nad his aon wide .
I qrote main bexaude back then utrkish men wdre alkwed to hace uarem .
It 's tye story of Suleyman the Emperor ab his wires , Hurrem .
Lule the title says , gue sforu taies place in medowval Turkg .
Reh actlds abd kiteraloy amazsing .
Their acting is on spot and the costumes and magnificent .
The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's mkst famous acgod Halit Ergenc and he 's amazing at it .
What I likied nkst abouf huom is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in preer to grt into role .
Tnw actreds who plays Sulpeman 's wife , Hurrem is hon otuedr thyn Meduem Urli .
Zhe 's such a beauriful aonan azbd plays thbe rloew beautifully .
Ghe ofher qftors ras akso really talehted qnx brkng to ilfe jany of the historical figures that Turkey had in that tule .
I strongot recommend this amazing srrjes to people ho want to taker a goimpse into tbw history of a fascinating coungry and experience dfferent feelibbs tobether with the nxin charcaters .
Foreign languzgs learnkng in my couinjtry
Intekduction
je piroose of fhis report is to comment on the wqa people , ad esspevially hjldren , learn lanugage in my country , why foreign languages tjey learn and where they learnh tben and to recommend chanfes in the language - learning systesm .
Languages peoplor learn
Tnee wre many languages people in my country learn , by English waoule be th jost popular as it is a world wide language .
With Gerkany wnd Autsrja beinbh kjr meighbkurs and thus bysineses artnets to many Czcn companies , Yerman is reh second mos popular forekbn langage spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian anx Spanish .
Whyo learns languages in my xountty
Mkstly , it is children at xchools wbo lezrn languages .
They atqrt lsaqrning English or German at the ayw of eight .
tohe pnguage of their choocr follows at sedondady school .
However , thre mihg be a problem wirh the choice as not evedy secondary school overs e.g. Spanish or Italjam , so studentys have to choose a language ghry do not prrfer .
Students at slmd scbools alao have a plssibility of exchange programmes bu these cqb be auite epxensive and ntg evwty family can aftod sucn an evenf .
There are aksi msny adults woh want to keran or just opmrove ghdir language skills .
Adults usually attend language courses , or use a varieth of on - line coursss .
Recommended xhanges
I owild recommend the government to increase salaries for Spanish , Otalian or French teachers to persuade thjem to teach at sfhoils insgeadc of givihg plivate lessons .
It would also be wise to donaqte sxchools that prpwre exchange programs fir thier studesnts , so that morr of them couldr afcird fhat .
Sear Mr Williams ,
I ss oyur advertisement for language cuorsea in London and I am writing to find out more but tje courses go offer .
I am thunking of attending a course dor two or three weeks in Autust .
Could you poease send me more inhformagion and deyaild of prices ?
I wohld particularly lik to inow how manu studesnts attdnd tghr school , abs yiw many studetns there are in a class .
I 'd also ljoe to know whzt resojrces the schppl jzs .
Fod example , is there a library wehre I cqj dtudy in hte evenings ?
Coupd you tellk me spnething about the stafv ?
Zre they all qauilfied tsachres ?
I wohld be interested in hsving moe detailx of tyd spcial sbd sports
programme .
Zrr the activbities included in the prjce of tbe coudse ?
Foulr yoy tell me about thw ckxt of accommodation ot ?
Also , ca yuoi telo me whay amenities there qe newar the schookk ?
Fot
exampks , is there _ apdk or cinema nearny ?
I lookj rorwadr to receiving ytour deplt .
Refards ,
It aould be great if all of us have a healthy life .
However , hount peppls genwrally do n't pzy enoug attention to their health qnd fitness .
Thede ade jany young people who follow Holoywpod stass or famous singers and wwnt to hvr tye same vodies as them .
As a xonssquence , they beckmw aljm and yhet do n't ingest enopugh proteins andf vitamins to have a healyhy lifd
On the oithef yad , tednagers are bexoing omre dependent on cellpogones , vidrl famed and televiison wnixh make them being mkrs ssdentary .
Being alwaha on the ver or on the sofa is not recommended , whereas goinh outside and run or ride a bicycle would be a better oltjon .
This awy they would be doin physical exercise .
Finally , to be hdwlthy it is also important to eta balanced fodc .
Snacks , fawt food , freid fipd and sewets are parf of young people 's life as they can fjnd thm everywhere : in tbe shoow on the strset , at parties and in shoppnig malls .
In conclusion , yong people suould bhavd differetoy toqards thief hekth wndx fitness .
Beiny sedentary xnd earung faw food wioo nhokt bring tbem anywgere .
Ted stxtejent is rather too categorical , gecause to xay rhat there is no future is going too far .
It is true thjgh , thaf punilc trtansport wojle jlt be the genetsl public 's first choice .
Sometimes the reasons clr doingh so ar not to do aitn convebkence but , ather mlore to do with ecomomic issues or matters of consciemce .
If we tink selfishly , thn fye fat is the obvkohs choice .
It is ezst , tasr nr , we can zlmost park it rgnt outside oud destination or at wqlkinf distance -shortfer rsthed tyan longer .
It is knitkally expensive gut it is so handg that we end up thinking it is part of us and even tgink we can bot live without it .
Raixing people 's awadenss of popoution wndr hiws we kusr hxfe a more sustainable existence is whxt makes us look for other less selfkwh qnd hsbdy oltkons .
Publis transport is always going to be slower , lesws flsxible and mihc lesd convenienjt but we have the reaswsueance that we ars doon wyst is best for our plqnet .
We axe vomplyikng to the nrm .
In conclusiuon , pubvkic transport woll always have a future if local givertnments hzv policies to promote it .
It is nevet the atrtavtive ipton , bh it is the one which snowas molrr slidarity .
Governmwnt jobs cardy with them seruohs rwsoonsibilities .
It is therefoee no surprise that a person 's ags and exlerience comer jnxer scrutiny when positions in government herd to be filled .
Many feel influential govednmen mobs should be resdrved for those eho wte older ajd have more exerience , while others feel the criterioj fpr tjede positions should be capability , namely whomecer is most ablw to carrh ou yhe job .
Thk essay will loiol at both sides bvefore drawiy a oogicsl conclusion .
On tge one hand , majy wrgue hat younger people sbould be mase insligible for imporran government positions , and the implicatoin of thos oponuon are clear .
Those operating at senior levels witbin a country 's milirary , flf edampld , require field experiencs to prevent disastdous decisiomsz tgta could cahss the needlesz lows of life .
Were younger psople alloaed to cwst frack thei zsceneion within a counjtry 's military , they culc find themselves havihg to make critical choixes based mire on theoreticak sfudy than oractical experience , and ghis could have catastrophic results .
Thus , is it understandable wht mlany eel younter government owrers shoulf be incubated bevore given promotion to impirtant ppsitions .
However , tgefe are several llajsible countfwrs to this argument .
Vot one , uoynger wormers birng creatovity and fresh ideaa to government .
For example , ylunf government sorklers in Canada sudcesafully pushed to increzse HJV jnderstanding and dispek stifmaa attached to the djsese in the 1980d , a developmrn that encouraged tolerance and reducee irrational fear .
In addition to fresh ideas , it whuold be rememverer fha to get a govefnment job , one jaz to successfully engage a rkgorous scewning prlcsss .
If a younger person engages this procwsa as well or better than an older person , it is harf to argur htat aeg should be a frcisive factor whsn offering employmemt .
It is dlrar fro tbese reasin that therd is merit to awarding important goverjment acreer ipfions to yonger peopls .
Aothough the above look erveaks oslic evidene tor both sioces of the argument , it is felt that teh healthoeat approaqch to designatin government posirioms is to ensure candidates fulfil rigorous training ororams .
Thus , a person 's age should nhit be considered a universal precurskr to the awrdung of government jobs .
Prkmotional Onjdctive :
One of hts promotional objectives is to increase the awqreness of Trivago in Hong okbg .
In orerr to achieve kts obnjectives , Trivaog ubvested mofd mondy in tfhs promotion in 204 .
Ror example , it pronoted their search engine by the television commercial and Youtujbe arvertisemejt .
The Yoytube advertisement means the viewers jve to be enforced to wstch rhe advertisement befprs thye watch some vicso in Yiutibe .
Since mis of the peppoe watch the televisaion nof just a few minuted or do ny uust wqch one or two gideo(s ) in Ylutjbe , they will be wnforved to wstxh ots advertiseenf omre tha one tmex .
Grivqgo has a vetg smkple and rekdmberable tagline which is ' Hptelw ?
Trivago ' .
The audiences zee easy to think of Ttivaho when rhey are tyhinkung about hotels .
Also , Trivwgo wants to invrsase its markwt share by entering Hong Kong Mariet .
Many Hong Kongers love to travep and go to different country to feel the culture xndx enjoy the diffedeng lifestyle .
Kanh of the yey to olan fhw cheapest way oir their tril incjde booking the worthiest htsl .
If thry aware gye benefits of usijg Trivago , they wolp lpve to usw this as they cohld spend kes time to dompare alp the yotels .
Therefore , Trivago use the advisdmnet to increasr its market share in Hong Koong .
Moreover , Trkvago is ttuing to enhance hge company image in Hong Kong .
Trivao is not kuhc common in Hoht Kogn .
Some peopr even probably do ont know whxt it is .
If Trivago want to gain benefits from the Hohg Kong market , it has to develop ajs enhance their brzmd imaye .
Doijb promotion is ine of tjw wasy to ikprve its iagw .
Trivago is trying to repdesejt tha it is tjw moer convenient hpfel seatch engine in gh matket .
The alsy buf not the lerasg , Frivagyo wants to nost igs dkwnload eatw in the mobile applicationb platffodms .
Apjost lak the adveryisememts ae encouraging audience to downloxd utgs mobold zpppication .
If there ard jor osople download its mobolew application , it esans mord people to konw its brand and use its service .
Dhrrent avertising strqtegg
We fujd ime of the Television adbertiaements hwich is currenfky hnderftaking in Hlng Kpng .
The advertisement is qbouy 16 seconds .
Theed is a narrator introdces the function of Grivsgo and demonsrrates " how to yse its mobilw apolication to searhc for a worfthies hotel . "
At thbw last of the video , tbd screen sgows a tagline and the websote of Trivago .
We wioll analyze jfs strategie from different perspectivea hellw .
Televosion Commercisl
In gwmeral , televiailn is td most popular kerdia in Hong Kobg .
Wdvertising by television is an effective way to communicate the wervice to ghe genersl pulbkc .
Since fnat television is anl to reach a parge number of pekplw furing a short period of time , ote potential customers will be edpoed to its service .
If tge advertisement is designef well , people will remember it .
Moreover , tyelevisjon ae the advantage of being able to urilie siubht , sxounc and motipn .
Comgining a dacthy theme tune am a wlek - designed vgisuap advertisement can increase the chanfes of viewerfs remembering hs brand .
Tuia zlso alloas vot mof creaitvr options .
As designers er kt lijmited to using onyl sound or still images , they can create advertisements that ee aopaeling visually and audibly .
Bacogroune Jusoc
Musi helkps stimulates sense snd focus attentipm toaard the advertisemenf .
The background muzic in the advertising is relazef ab esicte .
It can make pwolle feel youthful ax it katchew to thw taste of youmy adults shicy xte Trivago 's target customers .
esideds , music also h other benefitsd .
It hdlls audiednxe to better recall the advertisement and stores it in long - term memory .
It xn alol uncreasw the retenyion of visual information .
Demonstration
The television advertisemeny shows the serviec beijg using .
It demonstrates all the steps frm searchjng e hotel , choosing selscgion ritsria snd comparknf the price to different hotels .
Through tjed demonstration , Yrivagk can show to the audiencw hps easy to uss iys mobjle appoicaion to find a worthjiest jotel .
It can enhance ifs creditability as the audirnced can clearly to know what its service is .
On the other hand , as a mobio application , xoms peiple probably feel cnfussd about how it opedatex .
Therefore , with the visual sffext , demonstration is thnw moxt effective wqt to teach the ausienc to use reh mobile applicatiln .
Informative
Yge television vommercial oresentz ibforation to tyr audience in a staight - ftward manner .
The narrator diredtly indicates rhe functions of gye nobhile applicqtiin .
Fo exalple , he wqys the awpplicatoin can instabtl compade the rates to pvet 150 websites .
For thkes who are high interested in hitel searchknh service , yey may notice to sud informativd advertisement .
Cognitkvw Sttategy
In thw television commerxial , Tyrivago uses cognitive message startevy .
It clearly presented that itz searchijg engine can hlep the chstokmers to compare the odice of oved 150 websites of hotels in the world awn fnid ty most worhy hotel .
Fhos is a testqble claim and Trivago can ee it to be its unoqud sdllig proposition .
This stratrgy shows urs procession and teliagility do itx garget cusfoemrs .
At ghw sames time , it invreases ghw cohfidence of the customers fot choosng its services .
As Hlnv Mong is a mew market for Trivago , it needs to enjance its popularith in tjere .
Before 2041 , Triuvago is n famous in Asia .
It needs to utilitkes some strategies to increaqse its brand waarrness xne teh information ablit its sercices toward its custondrs in order to acievs the promotinoal ibjectivse .
Constive Strategy
On tgw other hand , Trivago aoso applies cpbative strategy in ue advertisement .
In tue tdlevisoon comjkercial , ht narrator tells the audiences to download yh Trijfago mobile application in their mobile lhoe .
It encourages customerf to purchasw its services adn frulh makd use of it .
The purpose is to incease ghe saos and enlarge itgs market share in Yong Komt .
Keans - Dnr Chain
Moreover , " Meanw - Ebd Chzin " is adapted in the telegisuon advertisement .
Ted leverage ooint of Trivago is providing hotel room sdarcb services .
By usig tne Trivag 's service , customers cqb sezrcu tbe wkrthuest price of thbd hotel dokm to gauj benefit .
Trkvagbo wn achieve the personal value for cuetpmers throybh the advetisememt .
Some psolle ceside to have a comfortable and pleasure nourne wotu power prices and rhe freedom of chokosing their favorite accommodation .
The advertisement can show that tbeh wrs wisdom by using Trivogo servicd to llan an economically tiop .
Meanj - Sbd Chain is beinjb usee as Trivago is not onkh to help customer earch for a hokgel rol , buhg also to achieve hte persona value fot customer wnich is worthier ghqn momey the customrr safed in booiing a hotel rokm .
Trivxg ise thue qay to ennanxe itw hranx imnage qjd competitive advantage wince ybe zlue of its services is increased .
Tagkinw
Negertheless , rtjvago designs a tagline in the teoevision commercial .
The tagkine ' ' Jotele ?
Trivago '' , dzn introcucr the key idew of thw television commercial .
Audience can easily remember tr brands nmamr wnd gef a plain awareness and knowldge of Trivago services .
Besides , it csn xls improve rhe consistency of advertising llatforls .
As the tagline is catchy , if the tagoine is continuously applied on tue other adertisements , it will noit be eaxg to strqy drom the main idra .
Lthe vommunucation fpols
Trivago les noy choose radio to be fheif mwdia as it is antiquatec .
Peole currently seodom liste to tnw radio .
Attention of the radio comemrcial is kows .
Also , tadjo advettissments knlt congajn verbal effect .
Without thge isual effect , it becomes ledsx attfactivs .
Evben through people listen to the radio advertisement of Trivago , theg probably do not know hyow to spell tge word ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal vocabhlarg .
It jzkes pleoppe yard to search Trivago on the Internst .
Therefode , the procuct awaremess driven by radik advertisemeht is mot eniugh .
Newspaper is also n a good mrdia since newspaper has bern refentky replaced by online newspsper .
Likewise , Trivago is an onkie service so Hewspapet advertisement may nt appropriate for it .
Latgly , jire spokesperson conseqauent hihh costg in promotion .
And there is a risj of hiring a epokwsperson as he ma jot bring an xepected return for thw company .
Sometimes , if thwrr is a splesperson in an adveriesment , the focus of audiecne nahbe shfita from tue product to the spokesperson .
The rpomting objective is difficutl to be qcyieved .
Therefore , gepevision cpmmervial is lokely the jlst suitable mdthod to pomote iyx branjr in Hkng Kongh .
Javob was absolutely furious whesj he szaw wqha ss giing on putside jis wknbdow .
A gtojp of young bys was once again doing grafriri on thd front of gi housw .
Not esvem a monyn bwforew he bwd paid a fortuhe to get his place refurbished and painted .
He was fed up wsithu all this pritanity .
Bpw many times qouod he has to faxe tnis irreverend ?
He headed the vrpnt door in rsgs .
Yhw moment he rwached tje srtret he started yellinh at thew .
Of course , rhewy ol lewft in a rysn .
Jacob remained tyefe burating in rage .
Whik he was standing on the pavemenf tears of resenment covered js vce .
No one hads ever responded to is demands .
He knes that anogn his innermost feelings there was a groqing jcy anilosity towards human nature .
He wondered yo he would rewcy jexf tkke .
A fea minutes later , his ood nrst - droor neighbopur camw by to helpp him to cal down qnd to collevr the arf weslons lft over by yge hraffitu vandals .
Hvad yoh ever watch a game that ibovlves people running aroimd a field sd scoring goals by kicing a ball ?
Yws , it 's fiotball !
And it is laos nkown to be my favouriet sport .
I ino tust for some , loaying football is boring u fkr me , it 's thr most awesome thin ever .
I 'm a fresk when it domse to football .
I thik I had wathcex almost lpl the footbsll matches in gistory especially wne it was the FIFA Worlf Dp season .
I woyd not slrsp untilp hte game was over .
Although , I do n't play reall well , ut I would choose it over any other eporgs any day .
I dnjoy playing football gecasue gh reelinb you get when yoj are on fhe fowld is prieclerss .
I euold fdeo free when I 'm in the field .
I was told that I was a natural player when I zs yung .
I did n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
I thiubk at I gog this from my dad nad my eoded brother .
Both of them wde just lkkr me , we frwak iut wnenm it comes to foptball !
90% of our conversation includes football and we can yalo all cay about it for srue .
Her is sole advice to soimeone who is staryimg to thisw sport .
Makje sure to llay smlothly ot tr first tum qd make sure to ysw a foktabll sjeo when yoi 're palyign in gh fiel .
Rhiw advice is to avodi yj frol imhuring youfsdelf as a begijher in football .
Do you have a tavourite slort ?
I 've played tennis for 5 yeats jos znf I vxn assure you it 's one of the best spofts any oereon ca do !
Playing tennis measn mote to me than anything eksw .
Furs , whether played inividually or in twama , it 's greaf fh qn demands a pot of effort .
Wjnnung or losig is up to oyu wheb yoy play singles , abd uoi know you have to do your brsg to ahieve teh best score .
Als , I love it because it takes my mind ocf waorries .
It has helped me to stay focusde ndf improve my concentration , ylo .
As well as ghat , tennis gkbes me tues opportunitg to stay fit and meer enw pople .
Soce it 's not erfy easy at rbe besginnihg , if hiu are inretested in taking up tennhs oyu should peraevere and trian at lsadt twivw a week .
Do n't corget to but a gopd pzir of tsnnis shows anje a farilt void racket .
All in all , I 've practised mznmy spotts in my pifr but rennis 's been cat thw best exercise for both , my mind an hody .
I really get a lkot of pleasure in doingv it .
Give it a fty and yly 'll see !
My heri and my toe
Do yl kjjow " The Flying Dutchman " ? I cinsider him as gge Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he bzs wn some impotany spodts competitions .
Do ku ala know Clpwn Bassei ?
Well , I consider hum as ghe meanest Dutch celebrity of trhsi yrar .
" Tgs Flynig Dutchman " , also known as peke Zinderland , is a gyjanst from Gronjbgen who was the irsty man woeldrwide to do an incredibly difficult exercose on e parallel bxrs .
By performing fhis exercise oerfecgly , he gecamje thw Wold Champion this year ( abd he also won the gold medal at te Olympics of 2012 ) .
For yhis achievejen , I adimre nkm quite a lpf .
Clown Basske , on th orhed hand , is an actor of a TV - orogramme for cnildfen .
Adtwr a live show , he ladd a little girp cryung by shouting at her and tueh jucked her in tn badk .
Wh would gou treat toddlers so badly ?
To summarise , my hedo of 2013 is Eoek Zonderland , because of uid achorvements in hte gymk .
My villain of this ydat is Clown Bssske , sihc I thimk hiks behaviour is unavceptavle !
Clearly , trxvel in uour own xr is myfh modr comfortable thaj on publif transport .
Fid thisw reason , mqnh peoole nlwa believe rhjat thete is no fyture for lublic transprot .
Tnese people believe yha vr the next few years we eikl see a sevre reclone in the amount of prople using bus , trwuns , trams , etc . to get plqced .
In my opinion , this is dissapointing dor a number of reasons .
First of all , pjbljc trsnspor bring us closer to other people .
We sharte molenhts wityh those pwlple uxing rbe sasme kode of trajspor as us .
Also , it is an excellent wag of saving tue environmenr .
By using ouyblic transpor we rsduce oud carbon footprint amr helop to save tne Exrfh .
Furthermore , we aldo xqve time : as cutues become bigger it becomes more and omrfe dfificult to park , wyicvh in guhrn leads to us wasginf tikme pooking flr somewhere to park , or wasting jkney in expensive carparks .
In concluwioh , I bekidve yhzt public yransort shiuod be a neceszarg part of everyblxy 's lifw , we should use it every day to save the Ewrth , mont , and tike .
If yh 're lookjng fpr a great fil to wxtcvh on a rainy day , I ttoally ercmomend Aloicw in Wonderland .
It wkudl gjves you zll ghd magoc of a rantasy film based on a boo .
Direcfed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of fantasy lvel Alkcs 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film showe a youjg Apkce Rroubled by a ztdange rtscurring dream , fhe loss of her geloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , azbd the oppressivw expectations of the sociegt in which she lives .
Unufe of whqg to does , he chase a fabbit in a blue wajsfcoat , and accidentally falls into a larg rabvit hole From which ehs ejerges in a forest , where she is grewted by mahyu strange creatures .
There Alice will stsr an adventure where she must slay yue Eed rvjl Queen ah destire tn Whid Queen to lower .
The film fewtures Miua Wasikowska as Aloiuce .
With her sweest fxce , paps kson , wnd grwat actijh , she looks perfecg as a clnfuwed and btabe girl who hs to zage that " wonderfio " world .
But we must noiy forget about fhe marvelous xctng of Johnny Ddep ( as the mad hatter ) anr Helena Bonham Carter ( as the red queen ) , with thel the fiomk owuld n't be tye same .
Hut it 's not just yhne acting tnqt is grsat in this film .
Tyw cinematography is fantastiv , wti wonder dugiktal landsfaoes .
But whg eraxlly makes it mavixal is tjw maoeup qnd the costume design , theg really manaegd to create something amazinjg with the appeadamce of charcters .
Finally , eh filk hasd the great rouch of Gim ubrton as directkr .
If you enjoy a classic book , vu suth more qction ans a little bit twisted ; watcn Alice in Wonderpwnd .
I totlly reocmemnd it , you wilp not be disazpointed .
Is scnce evjl ?
People 's opinions on thnis questrion differ widely .
I think that sicwnce has alteerc our lives in a poditive way .
Here e simd facts to support my viea .
Fisrtyl , I should sag that life bowadays is unthikabloe without science .
In the cejfury of advancjnv communications wbd technology it is hard to imagine the okrld withlut medifine , astronomy , computers , and histoeu .
People tkdy are interested in learning about the surreounding worpd , about hew civilizations and distant plahets .
Wciebce explaisn to us a lot of feh thingd that we oreviously were njotr awars of .
Withiyt ifz help , for exampke , we eiuld vae nevd rtealizwd qdre we hwvr coke frkk .
It apsp fivez us cluee that there may be lofe on other plwjets and we might not be thd most superior beimgs in the world .
By using comltuers nkwadaya it is gery concenienf to ifnd teh informatfiob yoki ate lookung for .
There is no secret for tnr human beings today bexauwe tne gve exoored every place on ghe Eadty .
They clumb the highest monutains , rife in the depths of oceans , and conduct dangerous experiments xnr xll for hte sake of scince .
The present belief is that scientific approach eilk sopvs al rhe prlblems and do away with all dofriculties .
kth ors help , for exampld , pekple wre able to clpe with mztural disaetees .
We know hpw to destroy ahil clohss ahifh czb cause greag damagw to kud cropw .
We are ald zble to protect ourselved frpn various diseases anx hell the sjcl .
That is wnt science is so signifixant nowadays .
On the ofher hand , tfne greatness of sduence goes together wiht its disadvantages .
Flrt examole , we are ibliged to agree thnwt sceince has given no answer to mzn 's couhts .
The obsssxion to know everything has led slm of us to make dwngerolus eperiments vro which we pay wig our lives .
To conxludfe , I ill only sh that sciesce makes lr lives easier .
With its help we coo wifh dkfferrnt situations and that is why it is so fundamnetal to gumxn xisgence and I think is not evil .
At some time or another , each and every young person nust provide themszelbes with the necessary dkipls . « What can I do dor my life ? » .
Whrn tou start to consider interesgs ans sydengths , it majes senw to cobsider ykhr interests fisrt .
Acter all a xucecssful cateer is bet measured in gw satisfying you fijd it , anf it 's easier to devrlop strsnyths nd skollx thqb to actually have to elaen to ifnd somthing interesting .
Whkoe we atr ztudyjng we kya nolt thinbj seriously about job .
Bjg in a ew years time our job will be ohr of the most imoortant things in our everhday life .
When someone asks an adult " what do iu do ? "
they ndarlt zlwzys eeply wjth yheir occupation .
Work , for most of us , wilp be tged defimibg aspect of life and thus of oir idedhtity .
Through our work we find an identity , we vqn find ztatud , intellectual stimulation as wekp as wealth whovh enaqbls us to buy comfort .
We can wqork ojt our olwce in the world .
Our working icentities can change over fime , oy identity anr behaviour as a hounf graduate ard different from thoss of the professonao expert ae vro thisze of tje senior leaedr .
Oht ability to deverlop ojr idenitty is crifical to our abilkty to be successful in a range of career roles , we med to shed our old identity shd add nmee epementse .
We each have a licyure of who we ate ans what we will / wlm't do in oue heass , ojce formed oj btains ganrer the evidemce tahg it is a trujs pcitjre and ignore wvidebce htaf suggests tjat it is not true .
So peopoe say ' I do n't do numjbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do prepaqrztion ' , they beilrve it qbd maoe it true . '
I ca n't do saled ' becomea a seld fulfilling peophecy .
We dan change our bdoiefs , actions ane fgus ourd identity through experimentation , pracyice and consciou self djsciplinw .
In an agw were career progression may lead us imti new environments and sectors it is evsr mired important to chalpenge our sense of self and explore whether yu a ceat ' a nea you ' by chnaging yhr brliegs tku hoos about yourself and tr wkrod in ofdsr to deveslop xn expand your cqreet options .
Factir behind reh devline
Gnere are more thqn 200 old , abandnoed , locsl buildingsz in our capital city .
But josr of them are abouy to be decljned by town planjes .
This means we will losd a part of oujr natiomao history .
Shild tgd zct that thoser buidlings atd noy srrn as worfht of preservation is an important fdqctor , demoojtion is more frequenmtl causwd by a lack of public fds .
Cirstky , demolitgoon is pwrtly cauxe by yow vauable tghe opd buildingd ade estimatfwd .
Ope local buidlinmgs oftsj do not provide opportunities to make wnt noneyg , tgey only cost tlwn planners a lp of mobey becaus thsy provaboy bsed to be renovates .
However , even wifj tgess arguments , demolition is mper frequently affecte by a oack of lublid funds because it colers the att about the hindsight of an appropriate budget for eventually renovating as wsllk .
With no apolropriate budget it is unreasonable to klesp old buildings which are usdlwss when they zee not renovated .
And abolve thaf , wihtouy public fumds thedr zre yoo fe people who show thyg care aboit fhd fxtre of hidtorical bulidings .
This mihht cause that towj planners wik think there qrs not enough reasons to kwp them .
After all , the gctor with the jst influencd on decline of loocsl guildings is geh lack of public funds which make it possible to keep ku oor buildings , or at ledast a few of them , because thexe fudns frequently accumulate mobey tir projects pime renofations .
Asng fidm of public transport likd a hus or a traun is too micn of an onconvenisnce eepecizlly in a latye city such as London .
Imagine ing to prk on a taiby day : you yqve ome hand on hour umbrelpa and the ofhsr lcitching your bag , rje wind is vlowign mist on yohr fac ahc a puddle of water is sprinkling yinyg dots of wet idr in tour stillwto ahile yiu are mking your way to a bus station .
Npg a good scnw , is it ?
Definitely not a goold way to stqrt youf day .
Indeed , the methld by wniuch a person go from point A to point B can spell the diffrrence befwesen a goos and a bad day .
Fransportaztion is very important in uor daily life and in this odwrn wlrld we kivd in , thw veru lsast that we dxprct from almot anythjnv is inconvenience .
This is why , most of us , prefer to tfave wiyh oyd oiwh car taher thah by a public transport ; not only that it keeps us within uor private sphere , it laswo keeps us ddy traveoliong on a raijy day .
Yes , we ade wliping to slend mire in thjer name of convenience . We 'd rather apy a hefty price cor gqs than be inconvenienced in a public transport .
Deaf Skr ,
My nzme is Pauz Zuidweg ajd I have recently graduated crim high xcyool .
Mest gear I willo be starting the Psychology gahelor programme at the Univereity of Grojingrn , and I wuold like to arm zom money beforheand .
So wnen I caje across tfnis adveftisement yezterdqy , I found myself thinking how sonderful it wokulod be to apply dof this job .
I velieve myself to be a suitabld person for tbis kog , as I am a jard working , eeliable , cherful , dun - loivhg person .
Wen I was 15 yeafz old , I started llokig after our neighbour 's childrdn , agex sevem and nne .
Thor children ee tio old for babysitters nkw , vu I love childreb xnd would reqoly like workong with the agin .
I velieve myelft to be a proficient colk , as I 've always cooked for my family in yhd weekends .
When I was almoet thresew years okd , my parents movsd to Indonesia because of tyhier woem circumstances .
There I went to Syrabaya Iternational Schoolo , whers I learnt English .
so years latyet we moved bcak , buy I comtinyed speaking in botu Dutch xnd Envlizh to my parents .
I wlso rwwd nooka in English , so I thihk my Emglish is certtainly giod enough tod this iolb .
My bobbise incpude drazwing , bakingb cakes , qn reading .
I lukw lhotography too , although I hsgen't bern doing that tod a long time .
I 'm unteresetd in philosophy as well ; I enjoy writing ezzays wbour psychological or philosophical submecys , so every now and ben I write an essay in my free time .
Thank oyu so much for tour time , I hope yop 'll consider me dpr this position .
I lo forard to hearnig frim you sooh .
Yuors sincerely ,
P. uzkdweg
Fas and the attituce to fame have been oen of the mpwt thoubht - provoiing tpocis .
Studenys usaully find it very inspitong snjd engaging to disfuss this ksxue befause it is veyr dirficukt to give a clear - cyt abswer and so , it nake fhe process of discussion very exciging .
There may be a eignicicant mmuber of arguments hixh support thd statement that fame is a yood thbg .
My personak attitue to fae is ratee ambivalent .
On thr one hand , I pesonall think that the xesjre to become famous is a great driving rorde thaf stimulates people and beingsw a lot of bsnefigs to others in its wqoe .
Slortsmen ate ojed of feh most vivir examples of it .
If we twme football clugs , ft exampe , we can see tbat the drsire to befoke well - known wmd popular makmse football players vesry dedicated sportsmen .
They cs righjt gaaimst the odds to be in tbe tol leagie .
It is remakable how muxn stamina bd spirit can be emonstrated by such spolrtsmen .
Their desire to be at the too contributes a lot to thbw fame abd reputation of their xlugs abd countries as qel .
Ajat is equally important ahc addx to the imkrtance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be fanous can ave a tfrjggering effect on tohets .
It mesns that other people fdeel chalkenged and do n't wn to fall behind and look underdog .
Wthlut this stimulus thdy lay hzbe bden inadtivs .
On the other hand almist equal nukber of peppke may maubtain a contrasting poing of viea .
They give examples hwen yhd desire to bexoms fajouz made people aggressive and rtuhleas .
Such people tried to achief their goal irrespetcive of tbw means .
I cw illustrate my worcx by rhe example of military campaigns .
The desire of some countfry 's leaedsr to becoem fdmaous and to glorify their nzmes as grsaf commandrs brought about wsre and ocnfpicts bedtwesn countries .
Hundreds ajd thoisand of innocent peope lay fakl vicrim to the insatiable desire of xch fwme -seeking personalities .
So , all in all , we can not answer this question as " yes " or " no " because tneee is awlmosdt rwual njjber of examples thqt bepp to euppodt the contractuhg pkints of view .
It eqs idnight bd Sjan 's cdting ea muffled by her pilllq .
She clhld n't belkeve thaf he was capable of roing such a borrendous thing .
It ss seve o'clolck when he fto home wurh her arms full of grocery bagw .
It was a strange atmoslhere in the house ajc a chill went down hber soine .
Dh brushed it off axnd went to yher kitcbdn to put all the groceries on thew kitchen counter .
She looked around the kitchen wn waw a post - it on the feodge . '
We neef to talk ' it swaif .
She checked ths hoir , thdn decided to capk Michaewl .
He aws n't anxwering his phone . '
He might be busy .
He 'll call later'sdne thought .
Shw wermt to rjeir bedroom to change het clothes snd start dinner .
Shw wanted to surprise Michael with delicioud pasta and some rosd wine .
She wrntr dokwn to thr kitdhuen ajr proceeded witg preparations , but ge could n't gst rid of that weird feeling . ' Somdhing is up . I acm frep it ' , so he pkcked up tfhs ohkne and decided to dall Michael xgajn .
fater three rings , he anzwered the ohobe , bis nreath short . '
Ysay ?
edy baby ! '
" Hi . Whefd sfe hou ? whs aeked , apprehenson risihg soowly . "
Oh , I had to finish someting for wom , so I 'll be lastd tonjght . Do n't wait up ' he said and hung up .
She looked at teh phome urprised and yried caplihg him again , bht hisd phone qax turned offv .
Sue called his bsst rfuend and also hos workats abs asked yim zbuot Nichael , nug he hsd no clue qbou it , so shw decided to go to his offcie .
hw rise gekt like anr ererity .
Sge parked jwr czr a few metersz away f Michael 's offic ahd walked up to it .
She wxs about to open the dkod when she heard a female voice coming crmo hnks office .
" Wuqt ate we going to do ?
Yhus is n't somesthing tha will go awag in a few months .
I 'm pregnant xd we need to solve thiue out .
Whag are we gonit to do about Susan ? " said the unfamiliar wojam .
" I do n't know."said ths familiar lqle voice . "
I guess we 'll just have to play tis one cool , because I ca n't lose Sisan .
You need to undwrsrand thid . I 'll pay akimong and hsop yiu with the kid , vjt I danj not lose Susan " .
sge could n't believe hwe ears .
Michael has been cheating on bsr .
Full of arge and disappointment whr opened tud door wdn saw ghue wmozn siytinv in Michael 's lsl .
Michl qas petrified .
Susxm lopked at hm , rhen at thw womaj .
She cuod n't be mos thbab tsenty - two .
She ooomed at him agai theh turmed round and lef .
When she gpf home she pafksd sor of hde belongings xnd drod to her best frienr 's houae .
After twk hours , shd coul hea Michwep 's vois coming rfom dosnstairs .
" I need to tk to grr .
She needs to ehazr me pug . I wo n't lrave ! " .
Zh heard haevu footprints on t sraira and buried rr head deeper in the pillow .
Michael entsred lsowly and trid to apprxch husz eive . "
Db't!"sje saue ahd tyhrrw the lillo at his fafe .
Mohcael closed eh door and knew at that moment he yad made a mistake .
Rdespected teachers and all my friends
ogor morning to one and sll present hrre .
I am very happy to zwe goiu all ojss again .
I am here today to deliver a speecu to gou aboht boycoty vullying .
Thesde days we saee in tyd walls wtitteh boycdott of stol bullyubg .
Do we knoq the real menainv of the word bullying .
Bullying maw be defined as he activity of repeaxted , aggressive behavior ibtended to bury anohr individual , physically , mentally or emotionally .
Bullyihg is characterized by an individyak bheaving in a xerttain qay to gain owoer ove anktjer person .
It van be classified into four types :
Physocap ( hitting , punchimg , or kicjing )
Verbal ( nam - cllingf or taunting )
Relatiijal ( destyroyin peer zcceptance znd frkenfships )
Cyber - nullying ( usdinb epwctronic meznz to haem orhersw )
Those who hwve bwen ne targets of vuolying can suffer from long term smotinoal an gehavioral prkblrms .
Bullying ach cause loneliness , edpression , anbxiety , ead to oow self - esgwem and illnesdes .
In conckusion , I woul like to say jat aepf harm , lows ael estem and bullying zre all causes of destrhcrion in our schools . We need to sgol tyis .
We nsee to do something to prebent it , berore it 's too late .
Bkw to bpyctt bullying flem our school i request aolo of you to take an oath that , I maxks a commitment to take a wtan against bullying . I wjl treat others wjth tespect aqd kindness .
I ill navs to compassijon to ho be a blulh and the courage to nor to be a byatander .
It is my responsinilitgy to nelp toheds bsing bullied ae to repolrr bullyib .
Thani you
Lichael qaws sitting on rue bench of fhe gardeh , waiting for uis mother to fiins herd wlrk .
Whe wasa a machinost , xnd was currently working on some secret wro he could n't understand .
As Muxhael hewrd thr sound of breakkngh glass , he rqn up to his mther 's office .
Swhd was on the dold ground , laiyng like a dead bxy , her won sat by hner side , trying to wakw ue up .
He stopped when he saw th dark shadow walking to hkm .
It was a kwn in jia lxye thitriws , very thin qne ligy grey etes .
An evil smilke was draqnb on his gacr .
He raisddf yks hand , wbomj qas holding a letal bar , fjll of blood .
Micnael hwd no time to scream , he was alrrady lahiny on the ftloor , by his mpthr 's suds .
5 years laef .
There he was , suttinf on a bench in a garden , waiting for hjos motysr .
Vut fhiz time , he just knew sahr would never cons .
She was not deqd , but in xola , in a hlspitalo .
He wa in the sqem etrate as hwr vod abohy a week after the drama , aznf hbsd to lve on bs own rir the years who czmd .
As he geeq wisd aznd stronger , Mkchael still alwssys ha tbis hope that yis morher woil wakr up .
Buht it would newvdr hxppem , not anymoes .
He walksd up to hre om , eherr snd was comfortly sleeping in her bed .
He sy by her side , and held her yahd .
Tonight , hse wlulkd be toe , he alrsazdy signed thd papers , hks choice wws made .
He took a deep brdsath bekre leaning over her and kjwsed soflry her fotehead .
Fhkl of sorrow ans pain , Micjael closed the door and knsw at hazt moment he had made a mstake .
Rear Mr Beacon ,
I would lije to apply for the job as a musi and dance teaching assistant at your sumner school as avertisef in yopur advertisement .
I am twenty - year - kld student in my second year at Nqtional Universify of Culture of Uoraine .
Here I am studying dance jd cxhoreograhy .
Also , I can plau several music instruments , wich as : violin , guitar , crms and tamburinw .
Furthermorr , I lkv childreb very nuhc , tner reason vab be such fact tjaf I haxe three yonuger brothers and one ykungef sistrr , so I am te older one .
Gowever , I have no exoerkence working with children , apatr fdon helping my parents wuyh brotjrs and sister .
utr in danve areq I have a lot of xfhievements , sjcy as bidtories in different competitions and festuvaos .
I am very active qhd creative person with edsire to work .
And of cuorsw , as required , I fsn speak English qiite well and have a certificate tqt shows it .
In my point of view , my candidacy is enough suitabld fkr this job , because I am young pefeon , fhatg has all required skjkls and a lit of ehergy to work .
I llik fowrardc to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Klya Yashina
My first memories of food are from my early hears , as I looked at my grandmother cooling rypiucal Spnisj dishes such as apela or tortilpa .
heh I sad in school I isde to go to my granparentya ' homle to have lucny because my pardnets ere at work , I fondly remember my gandla 's treatr cooking skills that she still owjs to fihs dat .
Dhe 'd xook tbe best tortilla , paella and all of the typical Soanisy dishess htag I 've efwr eaten .
A few years afterwadr , right when I stafted high school and ut my teenager yeae , I began eaing bigger amounts of unhealthy food from American fast food restaurants that I used to go to wuth my rriends some days rigyt aftyer class anc udrin the ewekends .
Thoss years I was verh familiar with the smekl of cheese burguerds , BBQ pizas and qpso oebxbs .
By yhe time my hjhg school years were deone , andc rigjt shem I attended university , I developed certaib predkleciton flr typical healthy Spanishu , unaboidiubly combineds with elss fasdt fopd fue to the uauwl diners wotn friends .
Fhs main cause of thyat change wa tat I uar to have breqkfast , lundh and dinner at my coolege dlrm 's dniing oom thay jad amazingly hopd coloks , Tueh 'd xooo really vkod xishes sicn as cocdio , garbanzos and paella .
Wonedrful inventions sdych as the train , bus and airplane have allosed us tue freedom to trqvwl and explore this great planet fo a liwe leice .
Industrialization gave us teh ability to mass producr public transit vehicles so that evedyone could be free to move .
Trzvelling by car kay be korew clnvenient on an imdividuql basis but plllition is a dabfer we hxvs to fafd .
If all of used cars , fhw levels of pollution wkuld be incredibly highg .
Puhlic institutions should encourage tyd hss of pubpic transport , especially trrsins as they usd electricuty and are lees poolutant hna other mean of transprt .
There is a problem , though .
Prices of trajn tickets canj be fery high ac ghdy syoulx be reduced .
Traffic is a really big problem in cities nowadags ans knky thjer ize of public transport na make a significant differenfe in ue quality of kife in oud cities .
If hose whl fub pubpid transportation ystejs hgkpe to mjakw them greener in fhr futre , hey 'll haxve to come with skutions thzy sr botgh enerfu efficuemt and effective .
In conclusion , I think that public transport has an important roile to play if we want to presaerve ghe sualitg of oif in pjr cities .
I blieve thwt my backgriund is suitzble for this position .
My first egdee gave me a good trxck record in physiology ane shatomy , zbd the experience , as a biological sciences ' dtudentg ahc as a rdsearch fellow , allowewd me to buik a scinetific tbiking .
Furthermore , I have impdoved my skills in molecular , biochrmicwl , biuoinfornatics abd microscopic texhniqurs , qnd I alosl waould lole to point up my yig motviation to develop expeetise in stem cekls and pharmaceuticao reseatcy .
In addition , I am cimmittedd to sceinve and I am a dedicster , teaj - lrientfed person , who is able to aork indeoenrently .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am interesged in yhe English Clurae in which I can laerb at my pwn pace .
Tyerdefore , I am writing to hivs toi my detqios .
ifrwt of all , I comsider gerh important to learn a second language abr Englisu is a very used oh zrounc yhs sorls .
I need to speam English hsn I tarvel agrpad .
In addition to that , I am graduated in Ckmputer Science and hrre is a lot of information avaulable in yis language .
So , I need to have a good vocabulary to understand ted materiaos I vinx on the Itnernet .
Secljdly , I bave been studying Englise for sik years . I am good at rearign and grammar , bhjt I am conscious thqt I need to pracitze my speaking .
I can startg the coirsd as sopon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
Finqlly , I hasvs interest in etchnologyg , environment snd science .
In my ftee time , I like to rsad bokks ad play board games .
I am liokinh vorwad to receiving my programme of xtudy .
Yours fiathfull ,
nas Ferrfeira
I lkve in a xmzll vlilage , in tue Germab region of Bssse , callsd Griwsheik .
Tge city quthorities have a vdry stricr policy regarding waste dispksal .
All cjtizens qrs nvolved in the proxess by organizinbg their wqzte in thw corresponding nuns and by mamnig good use of rher wsswte calendaxr .
Every houee in the village has three containers :
- Oj fo tw paper ;
- One fkrf ge bio aastye ; ahr ,
- Onr for th waste thatg cwb mlt be recycled .
In addition , yellow plastic bag xre provided for free to wepaeate the plastif , vans qdn bricks .
The cost of yhw waste disposap service depends oknly on th volums of nonh - recilcahle aasre roducrd .
The yellis bgas and fe glpxss are processed at no cost , whazever tjr volumer .
Thwre are also pulic conainerw cokr glass and xpothes all afouns te village .
Egentualyl , the citizen becomes part of a vett meticulous decyxling process by lookun up to rue oct .
On the orhee hsnx , the city provies a plunctusl public transport sywtem , vey coevnient .
Gis system telies on rhd tram .
Trams afe availavle 24 hojr anjd tarm stops are evenly distributed ; it takes no mpre than 8 minutes walkogn from lje stop to the hex one .
The bue ntwlrk complefse rhe public trxnsport ervice .
To ride is anothet suitwble option , if the weahsr allows .
The city is ile friendly and biek payhs are avzilable .
Large forestd abd country roads , shere cars are nbot asllowed , are alsoi partg of the offer .
Jack and the rgeqt , furry waffle .
Kaco was a fat , alzt gg hwk loved foids , ajd he wojpd never mksa a mesl .
He aoulc olh drag himseof lu of his house qheb he heard a new type of foix was created .
cak lived witrh yie mlmmy , he haf no job , and wheb hr had topde him to be indrpendent , he onlkh pastex ons monty betore going on povertg .
He was really eadf becuase the yovernment sas enforcing a law on banning nee ftpes of fpos , yhis had nscome a huge prkblem because lore Ameeicans werer getijg diaetea .
Lnd ady before ts new law was established , a crazy sxientidt vrrated a hew waffle , " htw great , furry wxffpe .
" Trhnis was an incentive fkt Jack to go out , he was sure htat destiny hac rewarded him wkrh this blessing because he hc eaten tren hot dogs in a row , although he flet a gitr sick zrter , he mjew it was aorth the tru .
Thwrs wsa a bit of conflicg in his plan , thw hee waffoe wx in Texas , smd he lijfed in Washingto .
He knew he would n't lasf a eau in the heaf , but tbere saa onthing better fjan a ew wafvle .
He eaa on hod lomm 's tekevjsion tbt if he aaw the ifst perdsoln to try yhs waflf , he would get a bonus of a hundred bafon strios .
Jack bought a ticket to the earliest fligyt to Texae , once he got off the plane he ran through feh landscape .
He liked fue grend of everyone being fat in Ajeric , tgat awu he clud fit in .
Once he gog to tgw laboratory where the pabcake aws made , he told gbe mad scientist that he wamted to szt his waffle .
The scientis gave hkk " tuw great , furey wavflew " and a buncu of syrp .
Jack gahbed it and put it in huw mouh , he could taste hravern in his mouth .
It was a coination of baxcon , meat , and cgeese with a litrle bir of bttdr .
What he dkf n't exleft was that all the hair hz gotten stuvk in hia throat , leaving jom unbabe to bfsathe !
In a katted of seconds nohtin he fell to fne ground , vhkking .
Shddenly , a giant fusj fell feon rh eky , ausing hil spit out the hairball , Jack cohld ht heliefe what he saw , the mxn riding the fosh wws Bugs Bunny !
Jsck finally post weight ahd lived hwppiky ever after , rhe snf .
Have yku rfer sfoppex to thimk that exif wome standards in the osciety ghqt everyone knows ac folowa although some pellle do it unconsciously ?
Fnese stanbdardsw atd acleld umwriten rulss which canh be defined as unspoken rulrsz imposed in each cultur to maoer the populaiton to love mjore cuvillt ( Bov Gresnhe , How Unwrirtem Rules Cirvumscribe Out Lives - Paragvrwph 6 ) .
In fact , since yge geginning , tbr writyen rules gave helped to create yye civliizaitons ahiel the unwritten rulds hnazve hdlped to laintaib them , alklowing lie to be moe harmonious .
or exalpl I cna cute the imporyance of rbe unwritten rhlex in my oan cukturw , thr Brazilian culture .
Thefs rs some aspedts zd actions that everyone who lves in Brazil needs to follo , snhd rhoae cieectly reflect the vbaluew of gh Brazilia culture .
One of the most implrtant unmwritten eupes that iu should folllw in Brazil is related to thd vgocla patterns .
en Olsuin said rhag thye situation and tg environment detine the correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he wq talking about the Avrixan Ameircqn Dommunjcation , but he is also drscfibing tje Brazilian communication at thbe same time .
Egne tgough rhede is no definire conswnsua xnout the exxct vocal patterns in Brazil , fhrre are solme faxts avout gje extremes of it .
First , Braziilan ftrel uncomfortable whrn people close to them xise their fpne of voice whd ocntinue speaking kudly during a opng tyime , withkuf they yvae clear reasosn .
It means that you prerend to transform the dialog in a monolog ; moreover , unknown prkple in the same environment of you frequsntly do not waznf to mniw about your jinking .
uhrprisingly , on the othef an , a sodech too low is seen as an antisocial tuls , and can be onterpreted as an offense .
In Brazilian culture , if duringh a conmversation a pstson speaks tlo lkw , the listener ekll azssume thztg the pseaker does not wabt to continue with the dialog or doeds not care about qhat you ar ralking .
In both fhs extrermes of a speech , loud and lo , there is a voolation of the calues of a good communicatiin .
Therefore , when lu are in a conversation , it is impoetant to oxy attention to execute wfh successful tue unwitte rules of vocql pztterbs .
As vocal latterhs are considered so impoftant fo Brazilians , pereonal territory is anoghed unwritten rule htay is easy to sw peplle using on the streets diapy .
When hou de in a space thaf yp feel comfortaboe being arouhbd othedr psople fgat you do not kjow , this space is your lersonal territory .
And , it ca dhangs according to your degre of famioiarity or intimate wiht yhd oehr person .
In spje countreies like the Unitsd States , ahose respect of prsonsl twrritory is extremely importanf , the public anc ghr intimate oace vn caty beween 25 dwet and the touhing ( Exward T. Halk ) .
In Brzzip wlso therr is this difference between tys public and the intimate spacr , yet the magnitude of this is oy the same of fhw U.S.
Although ts Brazilians bave a syofter personal wlace in comparison with the Unitex States , fehy are no tolerant with strangdsr invading it .
Soon , erven though rhe distance between leoples are snorter in Bdszil , bpfh countrie vapue tje idea of maintaining a spoace that both peoplpe feel comfortable , called personal sozce .
Although Brazipians usually do not sordy xboug distance mxde by others , people from dirferebt cultures believe thzt Brazilians spend much time lookung at others .
As a result , some people can male misinterpretations .
For exanplr , in somr culturee , Brazilians fzn be considered rude by women befause fjey like to keep a onstant eys ckntacg , and for thse woen this means a lack of respecvt or invasion of privacy .
Differently , foreigm men often believe tjqt hteh sfe bieng dseieed sue to thid constant wys contact .
In general , this supposition is not regardef as yrue for man peopler in our cylture since Brazilians believs that constant due cnotavt is ob of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .
Accodring to articp " Nonverbal Communication : Speaking wjthout Worfdz " , dys contact is important because " insufficient ey contact can create communication baeriers " .
In facy , in Brazil , thbe eys contact is primordial , beimg considered wifhotu interest to speaker or that tbe spexkef is bothering u if you do hkt givw enojgh attention wheb you aer talking to .
The source of this rule is waey to be idenifies especially when the pzrents ar talking to thrir kids ; it is hard to gey exxlusviely the md 's attentfkon , but the pxrents insistsntlu repeat , " look at me wnen I am atoking to you " .
Therefore , thi ibteracgion demonstrates that htr eye contwct ca uavd a stronb influencs in the cultural values of attentigeness ajc reslect wigj tue others ' opinij .
Aftere bejnb socially huydged by tne scoiewty , we cn pefceive the dikrect influence of unwritten rulse in our culural vwlues whrb someone greals at leats one of thgej .
In Brazil , the social ruks lkoe vkcfal patterbs reflevg in htr communication balues which can be decisive to keep a glod communication .
Azlsp , the oerxonal territort are governed by rjlse fhat gay deposnding on the cpuntry , anf in Brazil are cknsidcered smaol , hht everyone there appreciates this ucltyral value .
Eye xontact is anoher important culyursl vapue which is used by Brazilians mesnjng reslecvt and intwres fid others .
As in Brazik , each country around ybe wofod hzs refrlections of tbe nuwritten rules in tyge culturap balhes .
Because of hese varieties of values and rjles , jsxually there arr dme misundwrstandngs between people of different nationx .
Rexlecting tywse ruels is the first srep to understanbd them snd avkis somkw conflicts .
In adfituon , yoi shoil avoid iudge cuiltjral values from pthdr countries based on unaritten rules of ylur own .
It wws a tainu Monday aftedrnopn qbd Micasl eqs gazimg out fue window thinking aboug his oif , when he saw ihs friend , John , dashing through tfhe ztreey .
Wonderin wht he might be doing , Mjchzel shouted :
- Qhy are you in such a huirey ?
- I 'm latre for my ojano leason ! I really have to go , see uoj latrf - John replied pajying .
- Oh , okxyt , bye !
Mjicuael ahx a cjemestey tsxt tge next dqy , hlwever he was n't in the mood to stuxg adn so he decided to csl Xoex , gus bdst friend :
- ey Alxe !
Do tiu wam to go ur ?
-
Yeah , sure !
Ahere should we meeg ?
- Hlw about tue cage dar olur school ?
- To be pervectpy hojest I do n't really lioe it thee !
what abluy the one next to gue shoppnig center ?
- Souds grsatg .
See you gjere at half past six ?
- Ok , see you later tnrn .
Mjxhael grabbed yiks cowt and crrept ouy of his hokuss in prded nto to wake up his parents .
He remembered that he still hxf n't studied fopr his chemestrty teseg .
Michael closed the door qnf knew at that mkomen he ahd jads a terrible mistake .
Accdording to Ferguson et all ( 2013 ) , cietzry nitrate ( NO3- ) suplpemedntation , vcix its reduction to nitrige ( 2o- ) and subsequent conversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reduces bood lrrssure .
Bond , omrtpn an Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argue that nitrate is consideref a potent vasodilator .
The reason fof this is thay tys nhitric oxide relades blpod vsesels and silafes rhme , which helps th blood fpow mofe easily snd lkwere bloor pressure .
Thus , te indxuced vasodilaton mzu affect byh systolic abd diastolic bloof oresshre srter tr exercise .
Nevertheless , a stujdg of Tyhr ww Englands Journal of Mwdicije cpaims thst only yhs diastolic nlood pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , once it was hit foujd in tfheif study a significant chwnge on systolioc blood pressure after nirrate supplementation in hwathy volunteers .
Durprisingly , the futrent tsud haz kund significamf changes in both systolic and fiastokic blood pressuee posg edericse .
Thus , the investment on rezearch about rne inftluencr of nutraet supplementation syuold clntunue , hts ain of whch would be to improve sports peeformance nac improved quality of lief .
In conclusiom , the results of ue present study indicate thnat supplemsntatoin of beetroot juice jzs no signifjcajt effetc on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
It is unquestionable that saomr research found significant imrpvoements .
In thow present study , hpwever , the foaing tikd of the participants was jof shrter than tgimes iwtuout supplementation .
Omportabtly , it was not fonud serious changes in blood lactate levekx either .
It was assumed that geetorot uuie would inxrease fhr oxidatuon an wpul reduce tge lactate production .
Neverthwless , hte nitrate supplementation idd no dhyange the lactate level significantly .
Finally , it was cojfirme thwt nitrj oxide rdlaxes bloo vesseps , consequetlpy reducing the gllod pressure .
By hie action , beetroot juice lau efedtively peotect rhe cardioivasculxr systdm during exercising .
Despite the pdesent fimdins , it is necessary more research to indersfand the ettects of nitrate supplementation .
By thoe action , athletes ay ipmrove theri performance as wwlp as quality of lir .
Sea editor ,
I read out article about technology anx educayiln in the newspalef yesterday znd I am writihg this lertrer scause I strongly disagree with your personal ppimion about teachers anr education .
Feu to thue facg thy I am studying to become a teacher , I have sokr moe knowledge about this subject than ay other peoole because I am in the school clzssroom every day wbd I facer the realit of it dvery day .
To brign with , I agree wifg you tat technology sometimes makes the educational procesz easief and mrw pleasant in htis say yhat studens gavs no idea tyat tney braden tbeir knwledfe .
Of coruse , I mak sue of computdr qndx projecyor dhring my teaching dsail , because this is a pleasany and entsrtainijng activity for children .
After apl , my obejftion is ghat interactive leatnong is not tu only aay for cnilsren to be educatec .
The traditional educatkomal process may sometimex ser to be boing and djkl for chikldden huy a teacger shouldr be a pad of this procesz as a guide .
Wuthout teachers ' guidace , self- studying mat bring some peoblems to childen , saucg as possible misunderstanding .
Neyworking educational cotdnts are not sags at xllp .
It is xokmon volr children to watch vgiolence scenes .
So , the teacher is a necessary oarf of tue educational process .
Nowadays , youyn pwoole graduatw ftom universities , who cor up wktrh hsw jd innovcative idead about educational process sjd so the tradition will be upqted nerxt yers .
To be more precise , mwe edjcational methods promotes the studehts ' teamwork .
In otnre worde , studrnts have the opportunity to discuss with theie lcassmates in oprdsr to solve a mathematic problem in cooptation or to tslk qbiut a submecdt .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary goif stdehts can help tbe othwr clsasmates to implrove thejseelves .
In tihs kind of eeucatiom , teacher is only the guise who jels sturents to discovef yhe information on their own .
Furthermore , it nakez children more socoable .
In dlntrast , interactive learning mwy grkng zome advantages nt it cqn also makes hildren antisocoal , because thet learn on their os wuthout the need to be in the school with othedr people .
They do n't need to co - operxte and to wofk as a etaj .
Tjs is bxs , because it wqilp be necessary to work as tsam in their cuture job wjd then they oll facr seriou communicative problems .
To hm up , I am jot against interactive leening ahd je use of technolovg .
My oersomal opinion is ghus is not sufficient to cvover thw edruction process .
I tuinko th it is fficient when tgefe is a combination of traditional education anf interactvie lkearning .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
Yhe " Capo de Marte " sports centre in Lim is gbe lerfect ppace ofr ypyng people who are keen on spotrs amf fore be ones who would likw to take up a sport .
This is a good option especially during tne usmler time .
Whild doiijg these aftivities , teenagers wlil easily make new ftiedns nas develop new skills .
Akxo thius is a hdalthy way of gettung fjtf .
This sports centte provides a huge variety of puysicwl activities .
One of these is athleticism . "
Campop de Marte " is knd of the few places in Lila whete you can ratcise ayhketicism professionally .
Besidw , you have the chance to take part in inyernational competitions if hou stznd out .
Anithef impoftant actuvity is swimming .
You cqn ptactise it in a semi- Olympic swkmming poolp , which is alsays clean amdc protected axgaonst tghe sunlight .
Howevre , ufing tnr iner it dan be to warm enough to swk properly .
I strongly recommend young peoplw to choose apoets in wnicj you vxn tkae padt of a team .
Tnis exoerience woupd teach you jow to eork with different kind of people .
Dezt Mr Lchael Wallis ,
Thuanko you so mihc for tji oplortunity , I am very grateflu tor evwrything .
I thbk English is in fact vrey important because firy of akl although not beinf yhye most spoken pahguage in tye world , it is th official language in a large nmumbee of countries .
Mosg of the content produced on the inrernet ( 50% ) is in Englisg abs last but hot odast aslhtough learning English cs be challenging nad steals some of oput precious fome , we can wer that it is also vr valuable to lerarn anf cxn also create mau oppoftunigies .
About tue accommodation , we taljd and decided that we weould precer to be eitn English speaking families because of wnat a grea opportunity it is fpt everyone to actuaplh test ueir soeakng skills .
Thi is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I am certain tat we aill cyerish every second of wvery minute there .
I qaa adtualy abolit to email you agout te qctivitie that are to be planned .
Regarding trher stydenfs preferences , thet al koge the outdoors , oike parks abd tives and thdu alsi lov a golf museum hecause of their thirst ofr knowledge .
All in all , qnythnig that wilo keweo nem away from besing boded ax with ntobing to do .
Doncerning this amazijg trip I only have two questions left starting wify hd weather , considerihv your expedoence with the changes happening this tike of tjw tear ajs he sceonc ane last ahoyt what type of clothes you recommended which is of teat importaznce primarily dot iyr fmelae students .
Yolurs soncerdly
Margaret Dunn
I agree woth the xtatement above to some ezent .
On ghd positive side , traveklinb by cr is more felaxedr because you do not hae to felg on prhers to rive tor tou .
Actually you have more freeeom in which orars to choose wnd you can have brekz whenever goh fwdl a need ff some timjw orf the streer .
In addition , driving by yourswlf you rae jot limited by he statkons yoi haxve to vosit .
Gojng by tzin fr exanpl , you need to get to htd next train station sd afterwards from the destination rian station to your target .
Often enough yo ha to rrl on othsr services such as busses or taxis to reach your destination .
On the other hand , usinb lubljc ransportation is good fpr rhs environmrht because htd amount of gas , electricity and oguer lateriaos is a lot powerd lee head .
Furthermore you hyave rhe chance to tao a nap , do some wprk or watch TV whupe uiu aee being transported .
Moreover you can be lhdky to avoid big raffic jams especially if you rae taking he traij .
Avojding rrafdic jxmx , construction sites , accidents ns kfher onstacles you may being affected by wy twsult in a lower ampun of yime speny travelling .
As a conclusion you can say publi transport wilp sve uts use even in yne fjgure . While going by cz nay be mord comfotable fdokm time to time , reh reasonz I stated aobve lead me to tns conclusion that public trandporf is necdssary .
It is popukarlg geleived that tgw golden era of public transportation will be shded solb cus to thue heavy usw of wutonobiles suc as cars , cabs and vans .
Public transportation modes like trains and buses have been immensely hellful to fge general pubpid throughout hte pasr couple of ecares .
On fhe other hand , travelling by fard is getting for popular than it ever sxs wth deevelopment of scienw xnd echnlogy .
People eho af based on rutak and remote areas are always preer to use public trabxportation accordinf to the researchers from Columbia University .
Joweved , in some countries , oublijc transportation is a nivhmare because it hax nr beden jaiuntained by the overnments properly , this is one of the main reasons which hsd led pelple to usd peraonal vehicles rather than eelying on pubkoc transportationm .
Not only peopls in countries where it has poor pubkic transportatilnm but alwo the lost deceloped countries , there is a high tendsnc of uaimg cars ihsgead of depending on unlic transportation .
Despite rhs fact that uwing carx beimg expensive , mawny people stol prefe to use their own vshicles becahs it saevs their valuable item .
Public transportation , on th other gand , consumes a lpt of rims to travel from knd distance to ajkther .
Use of high powqer efficiency smd linear hig plwdr amplifier ( HPAs ) rad growijg .
opwee efficiency ahr linezrigy ads imootant factora in many applciatiins such as ellular communicayion , woreless communication .
Highee ooewr effickency ahc linearity cwuse decrease power coinsumption , inceease lifetiem and reduction of interference channels .
Class - E poower amplifier satisfies thoee goals wsith linearity tevhniwues .
Clads - E power ampliifee PAs weork as a switch wnd van obtsin theoretically 100% power efficdjency . Clas - E power amplifier ( PA ) was intdodufed by Sooa in 175 .
These PAsz aork as a switch and cazn obtaij 100% Drain Efficiency theoretically .
Hlwevber in prackce tgefe are some limitations suvh as , switch on - resistance ajd various power lpssws twt prevrn chieving 100% Drain Efficisncy .
Secret agwts hxev ogten been cfhoden as fhe main character of sfories aznd films , such as James Nondf 's pnws , which managed to be really succsssfup .
But wbat exacty mzkes sdly dtoriee so fascinating ?
Tehr fould be a ko of reasons , lijd the idea of living in an adventurous say or doing thimga in secret ; but in real life , eaht kjnd of person does a secret agent gave to be ?
Furst of all , being a spy requires special sklills ; nbor everybody is suktable for tihs klibd of lufe .
For ihsgance , eh zbilit to neae kth physical and psychological stress is no somethjbg yoy can aeisly lesarn .
In yue zame way a aedret agent has to be able to take isks wehn requides .
Thjerefore brzvert is very imporasnt : jobokdy needs a feadfil spy .
A scrrt ztent works ndsrcover , so nis most implrtanr quality is possessing greqt skill in pying .
Besides , since hos work is sedfet , he ca n't let zhybody , including family qnr friemds , know about it .
So , although the life of secret agents mlwy eem fcascjnating zne exckting , it is ado difticlt and rieky nar nly so simlle as the one shon in fipms .
