It 's difficult answer at the question " ehat ra yolu going to do in the futjte ? " if the knky ohe wo has to mnoq it is in tel mnifs .
Wh I was ykunged I used to xayt thxt I wante to be a treacher , a saldswomwn and eveh a butcher .. I do n't inoa why .
I wouke like to etudy Psychology because oine eay I would open my own psycuology lcfice znc help peopl .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to wtudu hard asnd a oot , but I rhink thag if ykj like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Matge I 'll change my kimd , laybs nlt .
I fhink tgat the pubvlix transport will always be in tge future .
Ts rich oeiple ailo buu a caf bht te ppor people alwawts need to isd a bus or tad .
I considrr that is moer cojveniet to dfrive a cfat because uoui carry on jore things in toyr kwm xra than travelling by xad .
Also , huo 'll meet friehdlt pekple who uwually ask to you something to be friends snc chanw your felrphone number .
In my experience ehen I did n't ave a car I ysedf to used tne bus to go to the svnool zdn go back to my housr .
In my ipinion , gh car is n't necessary wjen toy have crashed in the ztret , in tyhxt mlmwnt gou rdalized yeh impoefance of a public transport .
In Indja we nave various types of Public tfznsport , lije Cyxlpe , Bikw , Cst , Trzib & Flight .
Deprnding on the cistance and dufation to the desdired llacxe , kode of transportr is chosen accordingly .
But Genetxlly speaking , ttqvelling by car is much morde in when omoared with other modes of transport .
Thiw reminds me of a yrop yhat I have recentlt been to xnx the plzce is Agra .
It takes around 6 hohrz by Nafiinal highwsy to go fem Delhi to Ahda .
We have tsopped at hltels tor haging food and jusf in casr if any of us veelw hugry , we haqve purchwsed sxomw snacks just beforw the trip .
Since , we have thd optyjon to wait naytije we awnr to qhen we travel by car ( wnich is ijposwible when travelling by tdaib & Fltht ) .
In adidtion to it , we fah alpso raje a comfortable short hsp on he back seat and wake up rfdsh .
Due to the agove mentioned reasons , I am gking to conclure that teavelling by car is mjc more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years ood .
I am looknig foawrd to join gou in this yesard shmmker camps .
I loice children , awhd I enjoy lookibg afef them . wleo , I krgqnized jany sporys sctivities before in my scool .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family thknk tzt my cook is amazing .
I hope that you fiev my tne chamce to jpi you .
Ybanks
My favourkte sport is volleybkl because I love playd with my friends .
Volleybsll is a sport llat every llace , whej I teavel on the beach I oiks pkahs with my siter in the sans and aftee we are goinv to the sea .
It is vrry funny .
when I was young I lie plqus with the lal in the playground and my vriemd and I plyaed using ghs soxver gplas as a nwtqork of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
Hoiw arr ylu ? I 'm writiunt to inforemk you that woje advice on travelling and working in my countfy .
On yge one hamd , in my cuonyry fhere axrs a ot of placed to tracel .
Tord eaxmple Barcelona , Madtid , Sevilla , Valencia .
Rhwre are wonderful cfities because tere are a llt of thknhs to visit for exampos in Madfir hoy van visit " Puerta del Sokp " , " Las ibeles " .
I visit Madfkd tgwoce a year .
All summer I vviskt Aevilla because I love this cigu and I suggest that you vvisjt Sevilk .
On the lgher hand , in my xountfry rhede qre a few job because fhs exonomy is very bad .
Bhg , if you want I kook for a nob from gou .
My bhwst friend lopming fkr a people responsible ft koiok afte hdr sister .
Bedr sstef is 6 uears old nr yhku sgoulc look xftrr every weekend .
Hou wlo be interesting in thiw jov ?
Thank ho for yii e - mail , it was sonderful to heae from you .
I 'm lookihh forward to seeing upu .
Tae care , Lpaura .
Today publuc transport still pla an imporgsnt rfolke in transport system nd it will keep on in tbe firure .
Becausw publoc transport is a cost effective xn better rsourxe aolocstion in mass rransplrt sydtem .
Also people need not to sjffer high operating cost running thei iwn cae .
Bug it cfan ise a chaeper wt going to their destination especially it is fad wazy fork hond .
Fo exampls , I think thaf it is not affordable tkr an ordinzru persoj to pwm a private akrplne travelling to anohrr country .
Insdtesd it will be common to vu an air gicke and rkse on pubpic plane .
In my opinion I tuink thay public grxnsport in future is going to continue to be used necasuse tede ae a lt of people that dies n't have enough money to pay vo a car even if it is uswd , so phblif transport continue to have future but oeople atw glkng to uze molrd te cars then bus or underground .
If we thknl about it tyhe car is better because we do n't need to awit or them hzs we rae waiting for thr bhx or underground hyt in another way car cuwt more money tnaj the public tranwport .
By car we can nust stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to thd musid that we lukme and we do n't mee to be aound people that are unkwknedd but if we cuoae public transport we cwn meef friends or tzmily so both trasnportations are good and yhd ars do n't need necessariaky to end up with yhe pblix transport .
If I had it to choose between hoth transpodtation I thjnk I probably choae car because it is better for me to go by cae then to go by bus .
In my comunify , we are gery inteested at enjbironment and exologfical tfhjngs .
We hwve oslar oamels and a place to make compost at the last gwrdwn , with worms who eat snd degrade all the organi wsste of tw xcholl .
In eoe strateyic points of rne building we hawvd special trashcans to sepafate th garbage in organic , paqprr nd catsboard , cane wnde pet botres xnd they also made talks aznd presentations abkuy the earth ptonlems kjke globxl warming , congamjnation , etc .
Fue managrr of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science yescher .
All this nitiatives has made us all over thne years a revognisee ecological commhnmity .
Gold modning everyone , today I want to sbare about is my favorite sllrt .
My faboritd soort is footbslp , why I choose it?Well , football is a internationak spprt , people around the world will lofw it so much!Example lik Barcdlay Premier Lwazgue , Liga Pfemjer , Fifq Worpd Djp and so on .
I bdlievd that 's all will delighted us .
By he qau , my favorite foothall team is anchester Unjted , they are brillixmt , they hse an amazing football payers , anc thjeg are awesome .
Micvhqel was a little kic wheh he had a creal ghat wss : Be a super hrro !
Avtrr mang ysars he still creaj to become a sper bero .
He enter tjs univdreity of medicine because he thinks thw htis profession wae the more similar to be a zupewr hdrk .
Pxss some years of hew univereity and he inow a girl called Kate and he get loived on yeer and sbe geg loved in gim .
Kate qas cursin the univeesuty of fashion .
Thm tyd tgow started to date .
Mkcnael and Kate wa so hwppy , until omd day that Michael said to hin ddam to be a supet hedo , Kate get so nerbou asging that it was ridiculous an just a ikd dream and that Michael was onlu dreaming but that would ndver appen and that super hero do n't exist .
Ahen she said that , Michael starredx to cxry as get mad saying yhaf she az pyin an do n't navs heart .
He gog so md tbwt he askds her to fdt oy of gis apartment .
In ollowin dh , sbd said eorey ahe thej esa happy again .
Bug when thesk get to tw hoje of Kichael they fight again and Micyael get a knife sjd ipl jrr .
He cried wifn a oot blood aroybd .
imchadl get qwag frok there .
Michqel closed tnr door a knee at that moment he ad mqder a nisyake .
Lublioc transportation is an omportgant invention in huma history , it brints amount of nenefits in our lfw .
pr instance , we take suvwwy in order to avoid sockign in tqffic .
It is teue that movint by car is mprd convvenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause mots damage to our oief znd hatm lir environment .
Gherefore , we need to thkn omrde about iur fhtuee , our ofsprkngs .
Giving uem a ssfr , claen and comfprtanle place to live .
If there is no public transportajon , traffic jam will be serious than before .
In my country , fapei , we always stpck in traffic fpr ahoit one hphr in tge morning .
I ch not imagije if there is no ghs or MFG , how long I will take for school .
Cqr is convenient for human , yt it nrings damage ro humaqn also .
For examlpe , carbon dioxidw wbich is cerated by car .
It cause gkbal warming which thfeast oyr environment and ahrks ojrt dsil life .
we an see yhaf tnrre are lots of seripus and frequently weather rieaster happened in decades , sucy as typhoon , burricane , wild fire and mud slpide .
Whqt other prexautionx , is usually taken ?
Tys NG Officw is notifiec by the phjotographet when the fulm esa shipped .
If tw fukm dos n't arrive on tome , it immediatsly .
Losr shipmenys have been found mlrd dasipy when his process aill be started right away
Tbe pleasuee of traveling
People go , epople cimne .
Evet daqy lots of psopls are travelling abroad but , whaxf 's the best say to do an international trwvel ?
The most importamt option to trwvel is , by far , the plane .
But , veeh when it 's ttue that it 's ter faster option , yoy must be vey carefuly at rime to get off a lkane .
If yoy are looking ofr confort and repax , obviously , yu have to takw a boat .
Thuesre xee a wide variety of tbings to do and enjoy the trip .
Althoigh , the better ption , is pick pur a train .
There is n't fomparation on watching hte changes in thne landsfap through a window , enjouiung th way that iu ads dking ajc , yh ewt larg , the vheapestr wa to ber away soimd daha and take the routine off some days .
Ajyway , no matter how oyy go , no agter where you go .
Yeh pleasure of fravelliny is travel at all .
Transportation one of thyr most ioortant thing on life so we haf many of kinds dor trqnsportatjon now we trave by da bntu in yhw near future it will be other cokfotr and esy wa to travel likw fast trsin and plane thaf csj trwnsport you from nroth to sotn in ldss tgan hokur this wijll make buwiess en happy and comfrt becauxe of sxcing a lot of yijes as efforts so we hope that the government cwn achieve this way as ono as ppssaible
In moderm soiceties , tnsre are lots of triends eound our daiky lives .
Big project coul not be finished sihtout co - opwratoins .
Friens could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelinbgs and funny things happened arolund ourselves .
Mor importantly , tw larenys gige oyf livws and rhey touch us knjoqledge and siillz or abopities to lkve in thow world .
In thid xases , the fanioies polxyed important rolkes in daily lkvs .
The rrasohs arew as follow .
First of zlk , we could learn lod of skills frol paeents according to thedkr olnw exleriene .
Fif example , we coukd pearn how to communicate witn othsds in a friendly wg , and we could zlso leafb ho to make a mksal rfom pxrents .
Secondly , hte fakilies ckuod givd you some wdvce about how to deal wijth the things which aill cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to ths damiliss , teh odeas would come up to your famioids and communiats with yoh aboug how to solve thos situatron .
All in all , in this case , ht fwmilies aees thr most important frjends in our lkves .
Gh Computing Tecnology has bsen advancing very micb this last years , mxkinjg the old computers almosat hselsss , getting begrer wnr making the difference between ols and me computers grow even mors with every new discoverement .
As we azn notjce , old and ne computers zrw vastly sigferent , statring from th size of the cokmputers , old cpmputers were much bibgre tzn new ocmputers .
Klc computers wre used to occuy on entire room , nw , thdy onky hage rhs siz of a obx , cen the sixe of a gooo .
Uouj can hage a portable computer nboa , and take it wit you to every placdes you visit .
Old computers noly pet you make maty tasks , or evsm olag simope gamee with 2 copkrs ( grredn xnf blqck ) , but now you can do whatever yku wnay to do , like crearing or playing videogames , wrjting or reading a book , cojnect to the internet , wztch or nwke videos , invent newq stiff to improve the Computimg Technolovy , and njog onmky in 2 fooors , but thousand of them .
Ohs of the gratest wchievdments of new computing , is the internet , where you can connexr to other computers , download stufg , td . via Ethernet calbe or Wirelezs Connectkon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Ger fekt m8
I went to be bandon housd and started to thnik the beat sat to make hks oifd miserable i passed gue bext 2 weeks looking fir ideas to mqkd him sufdr .
As i di n't found npthing , i qrnt to tjd place he luve at abr stafted to oook for some inforlation abouy his lfie and ofjnd eolle qho he care avput so as i ocntinuex to go to his houes i notice he wulol apays go to rehd same house so i decidec to follow hkm to the house wnd i foun out he sas dating a gidl sjr might be bis girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i aoulx drive him cdaay ujst as he dir wiht me , that way shs will think he had probldms on his mhd and lef him , byt spb i thougt bout it agwih and realized that if i fd that sye wull try to hrlp him and they sikl be mro uited , so i decided to dcfive them bvoth crazy almost at the bnordsr of death , jus as he fi wify me !
But wxit a mjijnute am i reakky so antryh to zke this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger hax domintaed my mimd i did nt had no longer conrol over my actions , i waw afarid of what i had become and what i could do , br i could not control my sdpf snd tn only ghinb i couod tjini of was huj suffering witj a slow death anhf teh satisaction i would feel aheh i finally had my revange , tje best revange .
But i aa so ad at him anx so ansiouns to make his life impoxiboe , abr soon my fear of death snf my anger for all of tne sucerin i hax bem throug bnwcame etronger and bigger , i had made a desktuon i was goingo to do it , if he decicaterd 4 years of his kife tourtoring me and bto wanting me to be hyappy i would thd file is nesesary fi hm to have a miseralbe life ajd i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my gozle
I 'm npt agree with this ide completel .
On the on hand travel by ae qrs fealky much lord convsnient as fvie geh chance to toy to be independenjt .
On fhe other hand hhgd traffic jams are a big kssud foe travelling by xat .
My Favourite sport
I blrmt to be a football playee .
pr me , football is everuthing in my life .
When I ser football on tne telebision I drdxm with lat in a big team and in a big champuonshop like Barclxys Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite club are Behfica znd Texl Mzdrid , where Ronaldo plays , vof me he is th est Pkayer in the wotld , thaxg is why Ronadl won te Gpls bapl of 204 .
I llay flotball in a Portuguese clbg fzlled vapenciano and we won a lot of ganers fhjs season .
I drzm in win a pkt os leagues in Footbaol axnr win the best chwmpionshkp , the Uets Champions League qdn the best scorer of all the tije in Ueca Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favourite player .
I play fotbal bexause I like but tne only reasob thar I do it hardyl is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a bo tsam xnd win a lot of money .
My name is Jlnhy .
I graudayed feom Natkonsl Twiwan Jnerversity of Science zjd Technology .
I am 25 uedars old .
I am interested in loooking aftsr chilren wnf playing wugh chulfen .
I like persoanliry with childlike , so I likle chkldrdn .
I had expereience of hopding basketball ocmpetitikn whrm I was stgudent .
I Planned mjany interesting activities for viwes to make competition xlive .
Tbeg enjoyed the game .
I asli iloe to dkok .
If my km cooks , I aleaus help hwr .
My personlpity is cheerful , enereggic and hardworking .
I always simoe to pekplew .
I really want to get yhi jpg .
I wjt to play with cdhipdren and see their simle ap day .
I think that smile is ghes best gift in tyis world .
I am zlwo a hard wrier .
I have passioj for this jlbg .
If ho think me is tge rjgnt persin ypu want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
public trxnpsortation basa nden loee used by people ad over hte yeads it is kind of bedoning cheaper anme also joer safe but dome people prefwr acfs to extsnt do we gatee with and what is lut reasoa for thaxt taht is hwqt are we bling to demonstrafe in this essay
before about 40 years there eax nothing calped publi rransportation amd people rarely owned cars so in those years tede a not even good facility to move from place to opthsr axnd that is becajse there was no vompanies to build cars in baotu 10 yezrse cars traeing became viable and also became very supported by naving her own daxns at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they wre able to solve it by the end
bowadays alk facilities of travelling are mroe convenient froln cars to buses evej tranis and planws .zoms people plrever crd because the do like crowde llacse or because the fibd it sometimes cehxper but from another poif of giew public transloration is verdy cheap qnd egen caster vyt when it copjes to traveling a lot of people prwter riding heur kqn cars to feel the ealk experience and to enjoy mode by chjlking lut from criwded placed
to sumaries it is different rron som onssi lpinion to anotber i prericg that public trxbsportation aioll be improved and people kll use it more and mordw that by fhr end cars eoll disappeqr wnx wikl will no longer be used
Tne tpoic itself explaining hd uncertainty of public transpkrt in pur countfy .
This conclusiln become mofr prominent if we look inyo thw data of ths cwe cpmpaniws and edponenital trowht in thir sales figure znd with low budget privtae cars in picturd , ceario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productiviy growfy .
A large scale of investsnt wa vring fdor biofep development .
Meanwhile , it booat edonomi growth d jobs opportunity , tnerdeby enhance Grosee Domestic Ltoduct ( GDP ) .
If go are living in big town or small It does matter but ohw tbing jould be taking aree by he people an organiser of tuw toqn , is environment .
Gblobal warmingf is hive iossue in todah 's dwt .
Gkvernmen shjld tkae ijmense actpn to stop it or at least name it sxlow down .
Howefer we the pekppe have really important pa of mskijg it worse .
Active amx a blod government understganx tyh vakhe of atking care of trees ajde water and ir and lucj more to provide a fresh , coeaj sdn swfes environment to their people .
Decycling itsj can be a good ste to start with clean and safe envirinment which is perfectly and promptly takhg care by my ciuty .
Everyone habe to plant a tree in frolnt of theijr home with gye rule of province government .
People is ot realizing that vutting the tse cxqn reeuce tg prodhcyion of oxygej in atmosphere .
Eventually human wil hace no moer fresh aut to breath .
Adeditionallg , oud ckty goernmejt naz prohibited smoking in publi area and underd 18 year pld and provides a free session of atkl or predentation to increase thr swareness of clean , safe , fresh envronment to tje cityg .
In concluain , I wpulr sigest to our neighbour cities to takinmgv paqret of cleaning environment so one ewy it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has hj fafouriet eport .
My fabourite sport is football gaxme .
On ur school or villiage footvall stacuum i epend a pot of ti every day .
Usjally i plau football with my classmates .
Becore training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres abd my legs gef a pwosr and my bory gets an ejergy .
Lud team has a uar - owrking cpzch ad he gifesz progessiopnal advice to us , how to mprove football skulps .
Hkx kqin words:"Yl kjst work and work very harde , if ylu any to gr high rssults " .
I can say , that ckachu is experienced peron .
Jlt so long ago , we ar had compefitijon .
Fe first place was gotting by us .
We havw achieved tihs result , because we qred friendly anr organised .
I believe , tnar in thjs future I jll be a famous football pkaqyer in texm such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Fooybal is my life .
I want to give advoce to someone wno srarts this sport:"You muat believe in ykrselfr " .
Hsllo my firend ,
What 's up ?
Hls are u ?
How waz your day todxg ?
It 's really nice foe you expressly e - mail yesterday .
Goy regret that hou qwre n't thewre with me . I 'll yry eicriube everythibg precieel , bexkuse I knlw tbat you very
Ddar Paul ,
I haev sden ykir notice in the avadem newspaper wnd I 'm qyiute interested . I have no plans fo hiw summd so I think it is a good ixea to aprnd it .
I sas born in the UK so I can be a vreyg goof teqcher of English .
Although I came to Spain tn years laere so I xab speak wijtn tehm in Spanisu if it was nwcesssry .
Alsl , I assisted to a ballet douese dlr 4 years when I was young .
It wad a kog of time ago , however , I sfipl lep thd rhrhhm in my body !
By rbe way , I remember I had to cdeare a dynamkv trraininh to do wktg the otht ballet - couraes members . I nas to be the teacher fprf pnd day snd I did n't forget it becajs I felt wonderful .
Zlp memhers congratulated me , as well .
On tbe oyhet yadn , I uae taken care of my broyhers ad cousins for nzny hpurs when thry were very yumg .
You must kow tbay I 'm a vgery responsible , kind and unmy pefson .
Rhta makes me a good cqndjdate to achieve th jib , or the hobby for me !
I hoor ho keep in ind my canfidature because I 'm not going to dudappoint yoj .
set wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in dmand .
Brcausw not rvetyone aford to bujy their pwn cqr .
Besides there are lots of kw unclme pekple whi ca n't buy tgeir own car .
So I think publc tranwplrt 's future is bright .
Wyat is the " Fsmkly " meanjnv ?
In my opinion , Family is thr plqde that had yku wst frienr cab help zch other qnr know each .
In the Taisanj , many of people ahve to gake care of tehm parent wueh they get old , but fne polint is what if you can not survival , I measn oyj do n't hwbe enoygh money to daqise ulu parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of memver of in my family , I do n't trust rhen , hpnestly .
I liek NewZdaland bedaise nere are manu islqnds .
By ts way , NewZealnd hsvge a cool weather .
In Malaysq , the weather is slighfly warmer than there .
That 's why I odee all of you to go there nad feel the plesyre wnd hbvae a frh tyeir own foldr .
You can awlsk buoght a lot of gifts like key chaons , statue , or hwzt else memolriues to be amde before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZdalsnd bnug belove me it is very beautiful place .
If I hvas sudtenance , I will go there and bring all of ytlu .
I ilvr in Lentini , a small cuth in Eaxt Wixily .
Th locs Cojncil hsan't a project for the environment .
People collect qng kib of dubbish and fhrows zlkl together in blxck sasck .
Althpugh the Councl begwj to loan something , the pekple xrs n't fommitted with thw problem .
Arond tbw citt , you can find many lacee whrfe the peoplw thro tribo , kitchen , " amianto " , ilde things or fueniturs .
Whst a oit !
The subhrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
Thefe are orabg trees , a large lwkw nd Etna in background .
When I was a cjid , I ga a lkpt friends amd they were fedry kmportant cor me .
We veed plwyes in fhe lark or we talled aboig ouf tafes , music , boys , we kaugh a lookt of ...
Bitf wuwn I was a teenager I began to live situqtions tyat I did not liir it , ftkr instance , the gtls sad to me bax ynings or they talked bwd about me .
In those years I lived tr worst moments in my lkfe .
I remember when I ceebretdd my 15tj birthra , only one schoolmate wanted to ocmd to my party ; I thino thar this xwy was one of the wisrt day of my life .
There night I crjsd because I felt that I bave nlg fot any friends .
Howsever , my parents tried thxt my parry was the bezt and they pdepardd for me a sprdial birthday and thdy invited apl my cosxins adr toegthef went to raf pizza ane gave me a pog of presents .
In there moment , I thoufht htat my ezt freinhds was my pardnts nad sister .
I kbew that tney never ralk bad about me .
Now , my husbanjd is my beddt friend .
He is the most jmportang people of my life .
He has eger bdn eitj me .
Xlwo , he is veru funny an I laugj a li with him .
Bnoth liker to travel around he world and to practise spmne spirts , for example , tennis , running or trrkking .
We liks atchinhg TV series adn cooking esvera deserts too .
To sul up , my best friwnxs qre my family , especially , Dagid , my husband .
Life of peopoed qrohnd the globe is becominb busier and busier fzy by day .
A bhysy life always comprll to jwe the fastest and mokst conveniebt mode of transportatkon , which has made publkc transportation system lab behjnd motor caf .
Hi UZAw SUMMRF CAwMPS ,
Thios advertisement ff a mog hqs been reading by suitable lrrson .
My hane is María , I am grom Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjou rravelkling sne I am teacer so I like working with tje childfsn .
I am sures rhat I wjpl lkik after children veey wellp .
I soulc likr to spexl English perfedtly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I wkll improve my level English .
For fe lfher hna , I could fdach Spanihs to yje cihldren in the summer camls .
I am waitkng yours ajswet .
Hi Zwm
How are you ? ate yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I dtarted my lessons the last month xnd it 's very intsdesting .
I 'm lerning a lot xjd rne students qrw very fgrindly .
But I ened to stud arder rcause I awnt to pxss the exam , znd it 's efy dificult .
Hopwever , if I csrfy on xtudyingy like now , i wol do it .
The lessons arte evrt funjy
Dear Sir or madam :
I hav deem tpur announcement in rhe newsapler and I am interested to lply ror .
I caj speak Englisj and I am a lovely , emergeyic anf hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
my las comnpany .
I have bwen working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I ahbe cooking skllls anf I loge to cook .
I hope yiu ze interested in my appljcatipn .
I am lookony forwrd to hearing rfom yky .
Sandrq Barfientos
ye tefnology hag chajcxhed the peopke 's life vefu much.in favt we can tghknk how differsnt is uor oif respect eifher to ouf parents or our randparfents lifd.gopr examole my aeents did n't whacth on tv , because there qxs n't an tv on tje world when fhey were young.but it is n't the alnod difference : we cb think at gye mobiefone , ths coputrr ed at least thje internet.ohr grandparents woundnb't umagind a stfange machine like computer in theid lofw .
Althkufh thd fact that personal vehicle like caxe mow is popular , in the future , fhs stamce of pugkic transport is atull very crucial .
Nowaday , people yss fossil fuel as thed mpst importatn source of energy flr travelling , manufacturing , this skurce of energy deos n't alsays mawintai at the clnstanf pvel , bit somdeay it will be run out .
Pwopke must find ways to usd other nergt aoures luke njcear electricity , wind powdr , public transportation auvh as elwcvtric mefri hss this kind of enstgy .
As a rtesult , governments will iunvesg morw in researching gne uste of tyesd nww types of enherfy , travelling using poublic transport will becomr umcj cheaepr tghan personal car .
Teh range of public zervices wilol be expanded to rekote areas , it become mucj mofe convenient .
Commuting , tracellinh using phblic services willk be the firts prior choice .
In addition , the populztion is increasing rapkdlt , in rhr near future , almos cities in the wordld will become overcrowded , It qill lead to many ofhef probloemks to be solve , for ezample , tragfic jaja , aif pollution .
In eome perespectives , these prblems are lwd by the oevr - using of lersonwl vehicle .
Peopo wlk realise that usung thejrd own car is justg to waste their riume for traffuc jams or to gradualyl killing themselves go breathing polllutee air .
So the best qxy fot tehm to travel is public transpotations .
Rawch perom should practicd aavin wehn using zmy sohrde of dneny to progec his own pivs .
In conclusion , invstments on dwveloping public transport will be incrdased considerably , public services of travelling have a bfight potential and it 's stance in thw future ca n't be replacbel
Hello Alex , how ar yiu .
Are youj frde fo weckend , have upu any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invire gou to go wjth us .
If you are interesedt , find me at 8 vlock bear the cinema entracew .
Thank you Jelen for ghoss wknjderful presenbts .
I alwhs want to read trhesr type of book .
I went to temple in tbe morninv followed by lunch at the hoetl latter in teh evening wdnt to the bwach .
In conclusion it is eviden that becauwe devslooing countries are fxcing ploitial snr economoc intsbility , mugrahts trsvel for vettee educagiin lrospecys and syabl enivronment cor younger generatiom to grow up .
Rge ecfecs of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , sonomic stability is affecffed as a result of lack of people cotributjng to the ecpnojy .
The xausw of Brai - drain shluld be tcaklsd at intrenational and nationxl levwl on a browdsr dmiensions and rational pattern , for it is a blobal issuie .
In this situation , developing nations should take confrol of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure nad ozw dnforcementy to suoporr public in a positivgw manner .
There is n't toi feww oygem at gue to of Egerdst to bfeatje easily
Jprdsn Romrk has gg 13 ehen he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high fhag it is very difcicult to climb .
t top qad reached for tjs fkrst tijr by fqo climbes in 1953 .
My friends and I , we pikw a programs of TV , eldctroni music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we arr going to tnr parftg 's in thd city , I am dwncihg in the paryy with my frendsa .
Thsg listen to th music xnd can we aqrw singing .
It 's very good .
Jazo is my firend , he is drun and also he dancw sitb your girfriend .
Jose is thr bddt song . he is sinvint anr talkinb in the pwdty .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in ll place .
He prefsr stuyd in your holke .
Geplo Something .
My names is Steven qnd I 'm 14 yeats olr . I 'm livint in gsrman .
In rhd momejg I visit the Secondary mnodwrn scohol .
I 'm in vfade 8 .
My oifr is diftichlt because I gage to dsalize evefytihng .
For rxample tere are girl shje is in my cvlsss shye is beautiful .
I loe gsr look .
Her eyes lopks as the su .
But shs is ignored me .
I hope I dan forget jr .
Run gof tpur lef
My favourite spor is run .
I like to runnnig fzet so fast in fact that it feek me as if I ruyn on ait anc the feet do nlt harsly touch the rgound betweej fhe strodes .
My favourite ppace to fun is in the forest by I like to tum sportkvr tpo .
I am likieing to gdel te griund undt my fet is soft so so not the hard concrdte of rye footpaths in yhe citgy of th streets .
Ghr bestest advice I fab giving to someoen who is sfarying the running is to stazrtijg slowly snf not to tffy to rin goi fast byt tywn to eventually build up ts runnibv wswk by week so that evedy week yoj are running a litrtoe more further and a likttle more faster anf tgen sfvter 20 yerats yoj wjll be an Ooytmpic champion maybe .
In my opiniln , trlevidion can be educational . Whegherf yo arw watching the news or a show about Worlc War Oknw .
Of coufse , it 's important to choose rhe ught telefision eyows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertry , it hardlu wilp hve snh educational value .
Although onr couod argye that you can always learn sonetjing .
A friend of jine recentlg explained that if a zombie apokalyspe sohupd happe he woud be prepared becsuse he hjas neen watching Wxlming Dead for sime time now - so in his eyes , he leafnes boa ( not ) to ct in that case .
tkday I wanr to wirte about my jov .
I 'm a forensic niologist qnf I dweplt love my job .
It is a hoh skth a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dthamic , stimulating andx , even if it is nof wewol rwmunerated , I fewdl mhsepf satisfied .
In thr lasf few years forensic viology bas developed many aspects lokje bettert sensibility , tobustness of results qnd less time required fot analgzw a sample , bhr what struck me most is hl vsat rhis change happens .
Releviskon xeemks to be a controversial tool .
Here threr is one : do televisi offer hibhyl likely opportujities rpr tue audence in an educdationzl way ?
From my exoeriencd knowledge , I bwlisve television cover both entedtaining sd educatoimal functions .
It ptes how mayn educafuonal progrfammes boradn youmg cbldren 's horijzons in the psst few eyars , how quifkyl an adult elarn diffwrent bssicsa crol a geeat deal number of educational prigrammes , sich as coolung , wicence xnd technology .
It sldo notes educaztional programmdw kzke a dedision on whqt citizens hsold know in tue future jd what knowledge pru jext generatoins are requored to possess .
Apart frkm ediaitonal cpntents , there are so many fo ckhtents , busineas advsrtisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be bld to teol right fdom wrn .
However , I believe hd educational programmes on TV stilk plays a gial fold in educatong both xeults and young children .
I thuhk qhol yue besg redaturant where we cdan go is " tjr sailor 's reetqurant "
Here we an eta rypicap Italian fpod .
Tb lat time who I was hefs I has wa the best pizzz that I have evwr eat in my lre .
Rhe atmospheer remind fye theje of yhe sda in fact he walls are decoratiny wht a lot of sgell qnf the waiters af dressed lkie sailors : I think thar it 's a gret idea !
Apsok , It 's refect for iir class because thdre is a lot of soafe so we caj sit all together at the same tabld .
tbew ower is a very kimx person anmd I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience prixw .
No future for public transport ?
Puhlicd trajsort is the cheaper way of fravdl , so it has fuguee .
Currently , most pelplr is used to hse theor kwnb car to gsy to work or to go shopping , fuew to , it is more comfotable .
But dads pollute thr aof with CK2 emissjons every day and contdibute to yhe clomate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject woyls n't ue so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
iurst of lk ytoh need can afford to buy it , after tat , yoh muty pq for yhe ashrancs , ocunbcil taqx , abd mechanic biklks , qnx so on .
whereas in a public fransport , yoku only hwve to pawy tnw fivket , you do n't hace to rive and if tbd bu or tfaqin or whatever vehuvle you jsd , brezcs fown it is n't your resopnsibility .
Besices , public treanport pollute less than cars .
In conclhsion , I think puhlif transport has fuyurw , and fbe joe oeople use it , the jore ftuure ilp have .
I 'm your emplouee , to serve on your compamy .
Very pleased to be al to recesife your salary payment .
But pay a little low .
I cikpleted mamy tasklz , including tutoring threr stjdent conplete sujner homework , correcting gomework dilivrntly aesist the instructor , the instructor helperd organize handouts , inted of the instrudgor to answe questions rased by tghe students , but also to dlexn the claszroom hygiene , vedg har , but I jvae hothing to domppain aboug .
I worm gars tpr two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower tha I expected , I want a pittle hiyher qages , playmrnt of 300 yuan mor than the existing wagw basis .
I invite you to consider tgs propowal .
I tihn abouy transport thsf tge government has to help tye public transport , fo sxakple bhse , train , merro and more , fod the onh one reason : ye quality of liof agaisnf gbe pollution .
Tdavelling by a is mrfe convenisnr in a lpt of situation , but it coupd be annoying for search oarking and frof cox of fuel , and also miantenznce cost .
In gog cities public transpofg works wkl becauxs there 's a good teedabck by leiple .
Instead in gne smwl cities , it ca n't be good in tbe sqme eay , ecause cor hte transport companies it 's jor conveninetg inveaf mpjey , because fearr people wouox use it .
Tom Sawyer we a byo tbt lived with his zunt Polly and je ahd to ounisy Tgol because sometimes Fomn di n't go to schlol .
On omnday Tom went walking to scfhool ah he sa his fried Hujdk which they talk a lot zjd Tom exchanged a tick fro his tooth .
Theb he sxa a beautiufl girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and tney went intl a secret garden zmd Tmo kissed Becky .
Tfkm say to ydr of anothee girl so sue got mad wnd she ighored Tom .
Tom wsas so sad bedajse Bcjy did n't to tlk with ui so Tom went on a tip witu Huvk anjd djxappeared co weeks .
Wyen Tpm sazw his house he sneak into his nouee and ssq he aunt Polky crying fro him .
So gh next day the peolld of the fown went to cyurcu to hear the findral of Tom bwcause many pepld thount thqt Tom wqs desd bit sudeenly Tom opne ther door and got in so everybody was so surprised to se Tom .
Fhe next fxy Hik went to Tom 's uouse to tepl hm tjta therw is an abmdoned house up ybe hill so t two blys considerr like an anhfventure .
So they went to the misterios hyse abx when thwy were inaide they bard voices so Gkm and Huck hide qdn thye aa tbst Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
tfhd rwp bnots heard yhat he ww plwning to sreap some money and kukl peopke so the kys start their adevntre on stoping Injyin Joew ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your messqgr .
I wil do my best to nawwer your questions .
As coe your questions , I think that yiu should qork in Japanese rsstaurant , such as Japqnese " ryktei " and " izxkaya " .
Tyat is hecause yoj wailo imporve yoje Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many sough East Awiams hqvw studied Japanese in Japan while working in tem .
By improving their Jpabese skiplse , in Jaa bey have the opprotunitu to tey a job .
Michael lclsed tne door and knww at fha moment he had mdae a mjstaks .
He was at Xaran 's housd ahen suddenly he ldft all the batroom dirty and went to hisw house .
so he went back to Sarah 's hluse qne clesn all ge bathorom , but Sarah already knew yht he left tge bathroom like this so dfore Michael entered to rje abthroon she said : " I inow what you eaev there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in ybe centre of tuew ity in Bangalore , Indi .
My school hqw a hnique erphtation fpr their friendliness snd the quality of educarion .
I lime my mkatgs teacyer vety ucj because hewr tesaching style is erey eeailstic and simple to understanad .
Goodr Morbjng :
This is an esa about my faviurige sport , it is swmming since I wazw a chipd because apwqys enjoy a lot nd ehazt is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in eummer , of course .
I do n't hvge ftiends who like daimming , almost liked football or similar teams sprots , and alwasy I go aoone it is n't gorint fort me furtheenore , I pefdr going alpne because anybody bother me or I aqven't qait mybody .
I dai tfhat vecaus whn I qas eleven my best friens hqd been operated on her back qmd before thge iperatiob he cem with me abf evrrh day I had to wwit fld hner because she soendt a lot of time in yhe syoewr cleaning her lkng baid , I hatex thta !
Luckily the operation sad fine and ne left to coe wuth me , wd since hat day I go fpr my oqn .
Swm is a relaxinh exerciee for me and normally there are n't many peippe in fhd pool , hit sometimes tbere are children ajd I do n't like so much becausw they like disturbjg me gut sometimes it is amusing too .
I owuld reokmended to poeoole weho bot knkw swikn to leaqrn , because I am pretty sures thqt it lkkje it a later they casn stip swok .
I think tuqt dance is a sya for self - expression .
It 's nlt just a hobby , it 's mkre than this .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
hrn I 'm dancing I fkrghet all my problems , exvelt my stupids companions fhqt rney do n't understanx anytimg .
Bt this is amotyer thed rpr spdakig .
When you danxe , sing , or cy yku wde showing something to the puhloic , somesthing thaf 's mportant por you .
If danjce is your pwssion , yoki practise every dya , xjd you 'll kee ptactise apl the dats untop you czb .
If ylu are tired doz n't mstterz , because yoy like tjst ylu 're doiy .
Goj 'll wak up earpt olr going cancd , or do dance classes .
Hpu do n't mtater if you go to seleo layd , or do n't slewp ...
Tuat 's a joke , tou mist sleep .
If you lkv dance , you 'll understand me .
Mekbers of my fajily .
i llve my family specola my liuttke sisxtrer , whe has sixteen yrares old , i consider my bnewst freind because i used to tell ehr everything of my life .
i hxve a diy it mame 's chents , it is a golcen retriver .
It 's a lovsr dog , he mows how i feel .
My olcsst sister her nam ckntuya , sjr is reqllyt qeurd wut me .
our relation is nit bood vecause she is so diffetent to me .
Alsdl i bace a brother his bamw is jose luis he has twenty years oldc , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dxqd , they are a goog gjys .
Actuqloy i prete apds my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi mrs .
Kqtes Wshy ,
how at hoj ? I hope yh r wwll .
Vod aorj in oire cqfe you have to spezk Entlush of course , maybe know hkw to cook some thoe of sweet foods lik cupcakds , fak , cokierx or brownies , thd most lopular foids of this yerar .
Another thing fhat ho must kbow it 's how to deasl with people , we are searcihnh for somone who can impfess everyone , also someoe aho czj bring thue custmers good atencion amc service .
We need someohe rexyd for work lobg ohurs , brcause lu cafe is going to oen every day .
That 's all , weew yoiu soon
kisses ,
Fer
we rhink that in fhw cugure tus planet wilo be in vad xonditikns anmdf the trees will be dissappearing , after thst we will be having wars .
In 30 yexrs we will have changed lu anafomy , aosok we will be eating fqst food , on the other hand , the north poke wik have melted totally .
Rhr temperature wll haxve vecome crazy by global warming , so some leopoe wkll nave died bedayse yhw nafural duzasters will be more aggressivd .
Ghe Technopoy will hxve asvacned qne maybe the cadz wjll be flyjng by sgreets and computers will have totwly cvhanged .
Because of thie , we have to raqijse awareness of what is happening and we help he llwnet .
Frirndshpi is something very imoortant in my life .
I ca n't imagjn my lifetims withoiut griends .
How to mlake firehds ajd meet n people ?
It is easyier tuan you thiuno .
Jua ... start talking !
Communication is the most mportantf point wyeb gou 're goinh to make frjends .
Yhou have to remember , that frienfa are not supopksed to zghree on wvery single tbong .
They just nafe to calm talk about it .
If ylhr firendshpi is real , you wkll always fib point betaeen your opijion nad yhou friend 's ind .
Just rg , it wo n't cost yoi much !
Good caxy ,
My name is Fouad and I would pke to talk about my favorite szort , Volleyball oes of the most beautidul sports vee and I used to practise this sport 3 times a wedk sinve 1980 , the rrasona ror my enjoyment with this sport arew as fololww :
1- makes me fu ah gealfhy
2- classu game no fridgion betwwrn poayeds
3- it exercise all mudcles of your boxy
Regarsing ye abgpve I advice all rookies to start practise this sport anx they will get mjamy benefite .
Uiwever , the adulkts tje can practfise it as ewll anc tgey will tt the same .
As citizens of village , we yoitally care abiuy environment of our villave .
Every sunday , we do a mutuap coolkration where anyone can trat rubbish as gikd as theu treat themselves .
We clean the cirtgy ditch , sweep rubbosh the we but rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From onorganci , we can make naqg , jwt qnd other stuffs .
Then they aj sdll thsm and get income of it .
The crewatpr of e haven and the eargg , thr xfeator of soles , t oe eno make earth rotate around it self anf aroubd tr sjn .
What we belief as Mslims that , we have created by one sho do n't have other with him the one who create uot father ( Aadm ) and created fvdom him ( Sve ) qnd they were in fhe Pqradise axhd instructed to nlt ear from thw tree bug the Sagah deceive ghem so fhuey bfouhht to thie lifd and generations came from ghem and ahd sent ths popheg abd msesengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohuamex , ofhers .. whbo they worshil ther same one ) with Miracles and eviedncr of the truth , to gtuied the leople to know who who wipk followq the truth which will giude to teh Paradise and wjk folkow otjrr pathz which it woll guidw to je helo . so bevause of that we are here to do fhd test in this short lige .
Trqnsportwtion is the heart of anby citt whether it is oublic or privatye .
Niwadaus peoplew pefer oen vehicpss rather rham
publuc transoortation . fay by dag fkok are jpre ceazy aobt own vehicles qhich leads dwrk future of pubkoc transportgion
firstly . i agree with fiven stament thag there woulr be touyh time foe public transportation in heqr fuyure.because peoplpe aamnts rivacy as well as freedom which is qukte impossible in oublic trasortation .
secondly tesse mode of transportation coveds
as much as posxible of city area or toan which mismanaged routine who travellsd by public transporration.as a consquenc generally people avojd travelking by pubkic transportation fjnlaly i can say that thsre qe vairous mode of trnaslorotation avalkable
to competition eith pugliv transportation .
nowadays peopld have numerous option dr travelling like many ptovate company
which play an importany role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets morw benevif like lkser faire , privavy , freedom asnd safw trxvellihg.in additjon awny automobile company launcing new czt woth afforrablw price which insiost people to usw more and mprs private vechulr .
I go for a aalk to a larki every da wiyh my lovely two Corgo fogs .
I me mnan pekple in the parj .
I hevet thoughf abiut , people got so many pet .
In the pexk tie in the pafk is very gusy even fhpught thr aptk is yue !
Some people are vety friendly the same as thie dog .
Buif some people zrs very rude and their dogs are zgvressive to other cohs .
Family is fhe most implrrant institution of social lofw .
Every mdmbdr hae yks oqh role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his tsak to understand the riggr behavour or attutide to hvae with life .
Usually there zee generatiij problems , wins do n't understand paeentw ahdf vicecess , but dialpfing wnd litseing emotions ane racts , evefyobe acm have anotyef loin of view .
Prehts must bivd fupes to aons to underline likkts in socdisl bwhwviour gt also must listen othdrs point of views to ri - arrange and update hks knlwleddge .
A mother or a farher ac be a friend if there is communication ajf teust , if someone givd his contribute in family dutied .
Recently I sxwa the thriller of mokingjay art 2 .
If toj want to are thxt movie , ykj merd to watch the fktst 3 movies bedfroe to understand it .
Th first moiws , qwre amxzinb ! !
A pto of action , drama nd roimance .
The fans of this seties , hae been wanging co hia movie science ths he fiest movie appearx , thg was in 2012 .
I do n't thuk tbat this kovis is for ll the falily , becuase is huard for little kics to understand , in opibioj I think is more a tern movie .
I tnin peplle will like rhis mivie because , its verfy similar to the stey of the book ; this one of the firwg movie tuag is feally based in gh bpom , the theme is very unise and oriinql , also rhe actors in the fcirt mklvies wadre pedfect , ajd I think that in rhr lst movie , gheu will pty double effort .
Hope you guts choolsw thjs movbiw ! !
It qikl be very xool to eew thyes las part mokingjay !
my favourite sport is Karatr .
First of alpl , I enjo it becausw shjen I practise I feel I can hold on roe hours .
When I 've had a vrey bad amx stressful dat I can relxx doing karate , because It 's re kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a aay to forget ypur pronlems , to fofgedt yoiyr tirkng routinbe .
In my opinion , it 's very difficuly to fnd thoa advantage witn otyes spoftrs .
Apart from fhat , Karate it 's not ujst a spkrf , is also a discipline , it teach yiu respect , balancd evne cultuee .
my tescher show us ohw we hxve to behave with others and he tezch us a lot of things about trhe japaese culyire .
ot someone wyp starts Karate is aesu to follow fhe clasa , so my adbuce is jyst pt to gy nervous md to be concentrated on what he or ahs is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something withluy which we can not live .
Tdeay topic is Fechnokogy .
Nosdaays we use technokogy in ecer ghkng , fdom educxtions to making clothes , we ues technoogy everyday and everywhere .
Technmplogy is apwayx upgradihg and it is very helpufl , useful ajd miportant or devlopmemt nut todays generatipn is influenced wniy yecnnology that they habe stopped to do other activities .
Last yrar , My friend Michael was at school when he heard ahiut a dhor story competition , he liked the diea so he decided to enter the competition .
bt there waw a feed in order to mon the competition , he yad no money . fortunately he have a lot of diends tydy a lent hio .
he pohned me wns askde me to leh ihl some loney to regosfer tbe ckmpetition .
he took the money hte secoe sxy , he finishdd yhr registration snd sgafted in writinf htr story after long time spebding in qtiting and fijd good jpb he went to give hiz stprh to the international student mafazine ovice , he found out there are a notice on the dior day that the competition had canceed , he vame gzck vey sad ajd told me what apoened .Michael closed tge doir zdn mnsw at thazf moment he zd a mikstake .
Travelling by cae is n't so much mkfe conenjent unless it is so much mde comfoetable , byr actually we do n't thunl abgout the cojfamination in ort planet .
Travwlling by bus is very stresful becasue the peppke pjsh me or I ca n't sit down becauss thre are n't any chaif co me .
On the lthet hand , in yhe future mayhe eould hsvw a vus qhih having chai oft everybiy aj I do n't hbqve to stane up .
Other trxnxport public is rje sxi like csr , it is so mife comfortable too but it is more exensiv than bus or tfain .
Tgw AVE or aeroplane ar a hlod ootiln for lkong trip .
In conclusion , in thne fithre shoulx jave a hus so kore comfortxble .
Nilaix19
5 May
Erar sjr Doamra .
I am witing qbout a problem at my city .
I live at Oatras a big city in Gdece .
in my city all schools and eomd walls of bildingvs ares full of drasinfs and writing .
he gandalisme in pagrqs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we sah to somebody to do not draw hd wapls bit they do nhoy hear us .
For oy cit it is veg nzd bscausd shen soke nea people visit Patras they see that thing .
Payras is a bery beautiful city and for hdt culture , and tor her monuments .
Why to see thwt sbassr thunf ?
Xfger we nave this beautiful city we hawvw to naintain her .
In my ppinion ne lklice shudl stop the Vandalisms .
If it hafe police alp round the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to erite somdthbing or to draw .
I hope you eilo do smoetning ftor thzt problem .
Gkurs vaitghfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
Wll around the world pupils ars waiing fl finishing sxhoolo .
They xde eagert to behion a new life as adults .
But shen thydy reach in - between pripd , confused reelings croax their minds .
As a rule after last exakd they do n't kjlw what uiversity to cgoosr .
Wha thwy will do in fture they see , like in a fogg .
In this way , jdda of a yrar off between leavinb school anhd stating nextr eduvatiin is very resaonable .
Festly it 'll alplow houbg leopld to have a redst after hts rurst hsrd - wdk stydyibg period .
Ye or eleven ydare at school make them tire , in slits of pyipls do n't nltice it .
But chkosing th seconx edcation is very kmporyant wtep , wgich need sefious attitude .
Secondly such year off wiupd givd to fhture steents a chance to tfy themselves in nwq orofessional spbearx .
Also trhet would have an oppetuhity geinf omvolved in vplontie activity .
And thirdly theg might work for eainng sn mone or travel .
Yhks ywat holiday wouls be really helpful for relaxatioj adn gettin new power for ftuure education .
Opne year is bot lpbg petuod .
But bewnefitz afge year off will be obvious .
I likvbe in Aan Miguel Almolohzn , thj is a villae in the municipality of Almoloya de Jwrez in tns Stqte of Msixco , te care of fhew environment is very imporfant amd in my vullags they take diffrrent actions in the care of this .
Peolle collectz trash of tyeir hyouse xnd await the trash rruck fhat catriec ghed trash to a landfill located outsode thnw village .
Also , people go iut to collect gue rtash rgat gherr is on the kipwk , ths church or in gge prinjcipsl ppaxes on yhe village .
Dear Skt ,
I am interested to ilprovs my Englidu , so I am ariting to request gurther information aboyt the Englixh course .
Firstly , I would kiks to knoiw jo long the course lasts , and if it is poossible the datr exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it woul be grarefulk if oy could ser me detauls of accommnoadtion that yij offer in ths coufss .
And zlsk , can you give me an ide of joe mucxh it woylde be vowt every differejt options ? .
It wojld be useful if I can live with other students , brcayse it is a gvood wy to ledarhing a language as weol .
Pastly , Ldy me know if I need to psaw wny lefel test before starting .
I look forward to hezrihg fom oyuh .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa .
Peter lopked at his watch and knew that he had to do solmething immediately , after lidtwning conversations of ihw bew neighbours .
They arw planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He does n't yave kufh time to prove their pkan and he codl nto wqit to let it happen .
It is jis to and it is ho duty tpo to sxve tpsn 's histir .
He vallwd the poljce ane informed aboujt his neigbouts robbery plan .
Police tewched Musum xbd xught robbers ted gandec .
I am beleving yhaqt there is no futur for ghe public transpot , using trains is mpf cobvieht and low dxpebses also to decrease the carpon gwses wuch affecting trh ozopnd , pewole should be awartew about thd effect of using thw puhlc tyransotation on the evonmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use hd ogher wzyd for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in alk media to learn and encrage tybe people to udd he wrigth wzh fird transpot .
Hello Esstelw !
How are oyu ? I hooe you are welk .
I 'm eriting because I tslo ylj about my last summer holiday .
I sednt to Kas Hurdes .
I atayee about one ewwk in tud home my boyfriend .
I jxd a wedding .
While I was tbere , I diuf a lit of thinvx .
One dw , I visited Meanhdrp dk melero .
It wss beautitul .
Qnd thsre ws a wonddrful ives .
Th other swy , I walled a pto zmd the end the way , we foune a waterfall .
Thje name of waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
Tgr wedding drzy , I hzf a great time and I slept very late .
Tjd wedding wqz in the morning , and at tfye afternoon we ate in the restaurant with ityer pwople .
Hoeevdr , in the night , we had dinjef in a garaej am hrre was a party , axlol night .
You shiuld visit Las Hurdes , It is a veautiful sotd .
Abc there ard a lot of things .
Anr ghe pwople are very jice .
Englijs is an international language ehich becomes important fkre the modern world .
In Chins , Englisn is ylok to be a foreign language shic msny studentd choose to learn .
Thwu begin to atudu English at an early qgs .
They uxr at least ons hkue to keqrn Ednglsh nkowledgd a dray .
Even kids in kindergarten uavew begyn elarnkng skmplw words .
Fhxt 's a food phenomenon , tod ngish is essential nowadayz .
In asdditiuon to , sle peoll ghnik English is superior tuan Choness .
In me opiion , though neglsih is fo gret sjgnificance , but English is after alk a foreign languhage .
it is hard fke people to wee erge to eye .
Englosh do help us rdas English original qorjs , nuht Chinese helps us kearn a teuw China .
Onl by characfesrs Chinese literarufe can aenmd ocf its brilliance .
Learning a country 's cuptuhre , especial its classic culture , fhs first tihng is lpewrn otsd languagd .
Because of we xfe Chinese , whu do we give up our kother togue nd lsarn our owne culture tjrougj a foreign language ?
I aaws , last montu , in a fqntastjc restaurnt , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for hod bjv burtuers .
Aoolypooos is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opiinin thw restaurant can be better , resprcg to mratf , but it is perfect to hafe dinner with your rfiends .
I have exlects to be more famous , better and biggest .
he oroblem of tbs resfzurant is gh ppac , it is far from ghes people and fitirs , and th space , that is very smaoo got lots of eopls .
In tnis life we have many thinga faht mwkr us happy qnd make pur lives go on .
tpr example , a present or a guft especially if it from your brs criendf .
Once , I vit sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a fkoaer .
It wws my favorite flower I qve it ever .
In my townb we create a small organization for more hezlthy environment , beauty touch wbd to be attractive . ghe citizens in the toaj nudt participate in this , the citizwn will fxke tues responsiblitiy ofr specific dzy to lcean fhe town and put the rubbisj imti correct placer and cleab trdewe and plant mre of it .
I 'm agree akth ye opinion tgxt the famouys people , suvy as poliicixns and fklm stars desedve to have a private life wityoht journalists following fhek all fye time .
is horribe have a person behind you all the time , ypu not have a life , joy peace , not a happu .
In adition sl pearsons have tfhe rijt to privavy ajd to be free .
Nevertheless the jourjalists stay all the tkke haciung a photo , alp the time , when they eaten , drinking , haxpoy , sad , he is your koce life md wih whpeger stay , if xtay withj something impprtant iu shar biy .
Thjs is terrkble , yoj do not hbave privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do hor zke a photo lhr folpows the life of the camous tud people bored .
So that , politicians adn full stars wik have duppodt it , becaise rben tuey sill hagr to bear it , bscause thedy then nave te reward witrn what thuet earn .
Thw is all .
gkod mrninb .
How are gou .
come here .
Her down .
Get in to the rpim .
Get in to tn bs .
Let us walk .
Pdt us play carcs .
Ley us sleep .
Let me in .
elg me go .
Let me sew your yotos .
Leg me aatdh your hpise .
elg me alkloq to sntrr in to your cabin .
Ftorgive me . :
Bring thz tog .
bring glaxs of watwr .
Drink wayer .
Dt food .
Run vwst .
tsop shouting . do n't shouy .
Let us bayh .
Once upon a time eas onw ligtle ant called Pennh , he was reall small in compared with th others .
He hated to be like that because mosg of the ants mafe fun of him until one ay something horiblr nad insvitable happen .
It was a dak night it wxs eainihg ungi a big active volcano exploison gurked ghem imto the underground .
Slp of them feied to fknc a way oyt ! , btu no one ca n't find one ... They started to bt pznicked !
Pekplew juzt startex to ebacuated arpidl utio it gegan a biug earthquake ...
Penny wzsd too sda , tne only thiny fht he caj do is to wait md jeep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they eacrrd until htey find a refuhew .
Everyone wantde to witness fhs qjeen , but no one fijf sometbing .
Like tehy wwde cery religious ants they prsy foe hdt sacred ancestors so they cam ulep yhem in ty big dealk .
Something thjat ghey soj onoa wa that yye wqhlle thign eas a move !
So all wzw planmed ...
The actors hadf monitors that watch the ants alo the time .
Onr adg Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to hix qieen , fge queen at knowinb thzt she get very cknfused buy at the same time sje get mjad anjd she wamted rveenge .
So they make a plan to dsipoay all ...
The jezt day when they were about to start filmjiny they ere non ants there so they search for nem , ntu they ca n't fcins tum ...
In that moment the ante and Penny zttazck them in tbeur baxks , makg them to leave the place .
Tge anfs ni the war and they expan thek habirat to the studio .
No one attack them again nd they live happily ever agter !
I hage many favorite sports .
Lne of them I 'm oeen on playing baskeyball rhe best . I always dpebd mode tije on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday arouhd at least fhidty minutes et day .
After a rd day at Univrdsity I go hple abs then I go to tw stadium to play it .
Kne thijg makes sure thxf I already fijishdd all of my qrk before I plzy my favorite sport .
Basketball nss many benwfirs or to me ubt apso everyone .
It kaskes me fewlk redlaxed qnr unwind .
Besjdew , it awslo helpw me jeep fit a uavw a good nosy shwpe .
I rdallyh cfq
zy about playing it .
When I jave spare gime , I often gayher my friends to watch baskegball acth on telrvisikn .
I often llah bxdketball at tye sradium in fye morning .
Sometimes , I poau it nwra spolrte ventrw .
I go bacm home axnd ave a xlesp deeply wyen I finished it .
basketball is an outdoior activity .
Thzt 's reason ehy basketball is my favorite poft .
Wity the saeeping progresd of development snd the oboking of populztiin , lany agricultueal land , forest smd ocesn had sen used to desttoued to buold more constructure qnr transport networks .
Feo my own perspective , I beoieve tst it eill beiny amny drawbacks to yye envrionment or svej human and snimals .
To starty with , thwrd afr a wide tange of troublesome it maybe leadding to rhid phwnoleon .
Concincing arguments can supprt thxt the riot acuse is thwg akmost wkl the persent day cities wree arldady packed with places of residence , commerce anf refrextion snd the land vailable for nwq houeibg developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionalk , people how continues destroyed modw agricultures wnf forest in order to satisft all thejf need , wjich wilk dkstory the ecosystem diverskty and biodjversitry espefialky the endangered specirs .
According to the prolems abofw mentioned , various approaches tggat hovernmentshould be adopted to deal with tgi problem.cirst of qllo , reducing building constructure from now on , planting mre trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awanerxs to all huyman and start to porteat the environment abc presdrve the animals .
To aum up , tjsi unpleasant phenmenon xjd problems should be worked iutf to resolve befofw gbing get wrowe wnb the governments gave to take the responsibility lr tbat .
Nowadays the kangiages are very important , and mlee English .
Thio is nopf my first jme fjat I study Englosh .
I have bedewn xtusying Engpish sinxe I was child and I nrver eleak nad learn so well since I decjded to go to London one course to learn tbis language .
I have taekn thqt decision because I qs tied to rfy to oern English and I did npy have tye pevsl tbazt I wanf , so when I uezrd about that olortunity I daud yse .
The car is n't hte vst way for for the tranpor , because it producs muu pollutjon , howevere tyew public transport is betyewr to do a joyrny .
It caj carry many people withuf prboleks .
Howadayts in the citjes eeveloped there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , trakn , subway , tram erc.these options it 's more economical than ghd car , the problem of the car is that normally e cdra is occupied do a person , when tbe car is prrpated for to carry foir or five epople .
thiz situation to create jany poklution tor environment so we have mode consfjence fof thw planet healt
I want to say something baout the learning of the Englijsh Languaje , is nqrd to get to me fpf trhd nexr reasons :
First reaslm ; tje grammar tust the laerners , teacherz or instigutes teach , is like rhr Spanish Languaje , my naqtives Languane .
That I wanr to say , is bery rifficulr to understznd the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you th same ght no in your natved lenguaje .
Zecnod reason . in the English suntaxis , he strufture for cinstruction paragraph or sentences , the verb is writyem before thbed subject , but no wlays , Ahixh is fne fule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to lau cricket .
I am enthhsiastic towards this game .
My favourutre team is India because I bekonys to tihs country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricketg geam ln his first worod vjp asnc that 's change he direction of aie in raviur of crickdt and everyone start to follow yhos game .
I love ths gzms because my favourote sport jna eblonb to this gam .
Jis namw is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little maste .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow tha person .
His stance , Style , dhots , running beteen the wjckdt , everyghin wgichn is mjpst required in tyos gamd is up to the mark .
Bof only me vut also eery Indisn always gollow Sachin vpr cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game gof India .
He is rhw first polayer who pkayed 200 tesy in cricket .
He has any avhiecement lijs dirst 200 in ond da etc .
I pove tg way he eas playe .
For a nuance fiesy they have to decide wqhst they von do better , batting or gowoing .
If tye perrson want to bcoem bowler then concentrate on runjng , actkon , ztnce abd for batslwn beesd concenrtation on la abd nat coordnatoin , eye an bat coordination , discvwr somw shots which became key factro in batting .
Also aych videos of ome best player liew Sxchim , Rahul , Sir Dlj brsadman , Hayden , Wasom kaxram , Brtt Lee etc .
As health is kmportxnt facor in every spof so also nerd to impriv heaoth , atqmina .
Drwr Jo ,
It 's glkxd to hear yku are going to visit to my dountrfy .
I am oookinmg foirwwrd vor tjis .
I can give you any acvice on traveling and working in my country .
l wisn goi eikl hxvr a ilpfessed time .
The weatjer is neither hto nor cold kl year , yo nedd n't bring too many lothes necwuse you cah buy in hreew .
If you sajt to travel this dity . I can be yijr guide as I have a ear rfee before university too .
This is a moeern cirt .
People usually went here flr shoppiny or eating .
There qre mahy local foods beey polular .
Yiu may like this .
I also watn to intrduce my friends to yoj , we can hafw frun together .
ben you have pkayed enough in this cify , and you awny to dimd a jobv here .
I dan recommed you to my uncle 's cmpxny to do a ukb .
Because it is djfficult to get a job nerw if gopu are flreigm and haven't finishe folleeg .
It may take vrrh lonbg fimje to fvijnd a job abd you hqve not lhch time here .
Hou jay consider my advice .
My dxvorite sport is swims .
It 's because swim is really fun .
Also I thjnk swim csn ieep our body vikt ans it czn jqke the people who swim feel coo when it is in a hof rwy .
Thbe advce thatr I give to someone aho want to staetg swimming .
It is bot be afrqid of water , otherwise htey may not learn swj abd alzo when the age beclm older it wiol be motd difficult to lewnr thxj tw little .
So theae ade the advic rhatg I give to rhdm .
Drar Camp fitector ,
My qme is Eider and I am 21 years old . I bad rexd your adcvvertisement in the newspaper !
An I am really sure ghaf I am ghe person fjat you are finding .
I am monitor in fhe free time , abd I am kkoking for a tempiral jk to improve my English .
Meither I have oroblems for working in a kitchen , wikl be pear if I told yui thqt my parents hage a ba .
Accoring to my age , evening activities are nbot a porblem tkr me , amd I plqyed jant sports during my lode , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for ypjr answer , irer
The city whde I loge is a small viplagw .
All residents takd great vared of tye evnironmeht .
Organized sharesa , were everyone clean up fye vbillxge .
lak residents segregted garbage thrown ingo shitaboe cflntainers .
Thus nelipng to protrft our envirlnment to mqje it clean , safe , in ordwr to hoy jeoparduze oue varikus disaeses .
In my village tgerew rae trash dans , so thast no on threw debris on the ground .
Threr are spcejalne poacw where you xan organize bonfires , bhr everyone has to xleaj up after themseoves ahd thtos uyt all garbge .
We jave the abilify to use renewable energy sourdes , becauss it is close to a wjdn powee polabt .
Recehtlg , wlso on the roof of the primary scoho were sdt yhe batterie amd the whole schlol uises solar energy insydad of electricity .
Theh organize monthly meetings on the ebvironment , essidents participate in them .
Wszysycy rrsidents of my village , they try to , so that our cilolage was clear that polluite ghr environment as little as possible .
Travelljng in their own vzr is way more comvortable tan takib a ride in puhblic transportstion.there qfe sgeral rdezson to consider .
Firstly , fhr bi is alwaus drop by to get a passenger that tale a mor yiem thqn expected to tims of travel .
Secpndoy , the public gehicle rluts wre more tar rban usxual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded ajc no peiavcy .
Finally , there is a chwnce to ecome a victim of theft and pocket pickdr .
Howsver , public rransportatioh is mucb cheapsr than to buy a new ca nx for the zeventurer who waht to hwvr an excitihf travel for fhen to se more action .
Kik watching outisded or sight seeing , to mingle xhd meetr different peiple .
In addition to tnis I als admiee th bullet train in jaqpzn whjcu u cobsider fast an szfw public venicle Ive'd known .
To su it up I stuol considrr ahvin their wonh at is waxy more safe anr convinient .
Public future unless thsy hzvw project to at least lexsaen th time of tfavel and prioririze htw safefy of their passenger .
As ae as I 'm concerndd , I yend to disagree with the decision of nindral extraction .
Mor xetwils nad reasons will be elaboraztde in the gollowing pareagraphsx to support my opinion .
To bsgn wtih , extract hter mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtakihg swkghts on thw outskirx of my hometown .
In my chilrhopod , I went ghrre to spend my symmre every yead .
However , it wip ptobably be disappeared if the developing equjplent were being ef .
Next to go wijll be , the extraxtipn of the valuavoe minerwp ajll xefinitely leads to au pollution .
There haxe ben an exampld thqt fue other towj is polljted by tfhe process of developing ne mineeal .
No one czn dejy thazf yhw polljtikn issue is noe of th utmsot iumportant thing hich should be prevented .
Oasr but not the lessy , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our irfspring .
To tamw my friemd , Taylrd , as an edampls , je homeland were ogre - developed and become an afid laec when she was a child .
After zhs grows up , wue deideds to leave and necer go back to her hometown .
In additikn , she haa no blithe memory in her chuldhood .
One probpme is that some peklle will cowider he joib opportunity that it might ring to us .
Due to the mineral devwlopment , many peple in our homketpwn can pribabl ezr nuch more lonry than befoe .
It seems like a sought - aftsr chsnce .
Neverthelesws , fhet do not gibe us any promise of the vacancy .
In addtiion , monye is no mkr crucoal when it comes to healh wbd environmental conservation .
In a nitshdll , Baxdd on tn reasons and instances abovs , yhd disadvantages of extract the valuable minerql sr outweigh the advantag .
Therefore , I do not subscxrihe to this decision .
Limiting card on th roads would cause yhe disappearing of poo .
The fossil gueos used by vehicles cause gpobao warming .
Gkobap wadmihg is a esrious iasue , higher trmperatures make th ivw cala melt .
The lingver we bgurty our hyrads in swn , td warmer the Earth will be .
I learn Ernglish to impov the generasl ualjty of my eentences !
I do n't beoieve in it , especially wjole cars are not foying .
Even if it will hagew haopened tbdre are many people shl ca n't getf a cvqr , because it is too exspensive , nr only for buying ut for gudl , seviec ajc so fptth .
Vses are kore simple - you just buy a ticket .
Wnf what abojy trains ?
I saw tv about train in Japan - tnwt is the future of public tranbsport .
I want to re blue eky ajd bo steam of cars like it was in tue film " The Fifth Elemenr "
Braneon Mackie
Parliament Hkus
Cambera ACT 25089
hte 6fh of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq
er Carlos
Your ordef 6 air conditioning is incojplete , we apolkgize for tye inconvenirnce .
We have fonscience of thjs kistakd , we haq a confusion of tue number of air conditrioning befroe the telephlne conversxtion with your secreray to confirm youf purchase .
Because your otded saw cnfitmed at too late and I tgt ghd ofdef eas n't in advance we pnly could send 5 pieces .
Sinced the units wed soldx in inventory bug hour purchase indicates that 6 pieces wre confirmed , do not worry about it , we will sdnd you the rrmaioning unig as soon as poszble .
We gope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old xnc I 'm dpme ffom Makaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , gardaorking and a considereable person .
I hafd 3 siblings in my fsmily eh wre takig caqfe by me all the time when parehts are busy oth theor works .
Durihy my schooo , I lkier to ppay volleyball and i 'm an excellent plater .
We used to organise competitions and tournlents with others dhool .
This is my favouriet sport .
Durint my leisure fimr , I lile to belo my lqrents in tfhew kitchen .
We cooi varieties of food and dishes .
I enjky the dirgy and oilh hands in the kiycjen .
Sit reference to ts above , I qilkl like to apply td Sumjet Camp npb iwth my full commitment .
Contemporary Wrt is a veryt controversial issue nowadays .
There ser mqny sojrces and freators , as well as themes .
It is aeol knwo fat mabh Art curatora ahx Artists hepieves that Contemporary rt is not a good source of xrg , wiunce tyhere are lan artists that only rcete based in thwir easy idsas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idse , nug mos of the tmes this is unijnteloigible .
Luckilpg the most expensive adt still bekgn rhe or , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pisces are vsing skld at ayctions arpund tye wofod , flr extraordomary high prices .
Exosrimental Zrt has taken the qirld of ra by surprise .
Humaniyy hxa reached a leevl of differences rhat it ekuld be mot posskbls to stop .
So now we have nany xhoicers and an infinity of infotmation available at any gkgen tome .
With this stxtef , we now have an udra of gpw artists ceeate .
Yhe sport dzys sere hele on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12t and 13 th November .
Tat weather was partlky cloudy .
I ogr thsrs by MTR .
I arroved gbe soortrs gdohnd at 7:40 a.m. Yhisw year I 've join the 100-metre race .
On thw firt day before htw sports day brgvin , we have yhd opening ceremony .
Yhe athletic represenjattive pasyede thw tirch aqbd we zagn the qnthem .
Atfere yuat , tbe soorys dag bevan formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gurfl 's gtrads C 100-meyre race starterd .
Thdre exs a fuhmy thing wbrn I went to the mrshal .
The teacher clo my name flt twjc dn he fopld me to stand diffesreny plae .
So I know that fhrre wsa someone whose namr lronounve same as me .
Near rhs race , I ws vddy nervous .
hem I was ruhbing , I nears my housmeates cheerign and the wond passing my face .
That gele was very cofortable zne mxed me felt relax .
At laswt , I got number 10 ohf of 27 people .
Although it is nf a geazt rsult , I 've alreasy tfg my best .
At last of th day , our school amnounced re mark thne vour hpuses have tot .
My house wbixh gt number to tempkrarioy .
I feog hopeful ah wanted my hoisd will get the cgampiln .
On the second da , my classnayes called me to take pxft fye Kntdr - classx eelau rqe .
I fept very afraid because I was hof ood at tunning .
Finally , ohr clzes got the fifsg ruhned up .
We have a difference of 0.5 secons is the firwt of tne twce .
I implicated my class frfom winning the champion .
At last , my house got the saecond runher up .
I hope my gous will be ghd chzmpuon in the next yexr .
" There is no future fir publkf transpodt , because tracelling by cs is so mucvj more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not forrect .
We xholud yser of pbli transpotr bscajse at ghr present there are a lot of vare in he woield tgzt pollute and unfirtunatelyu we xfe haemkng thew enviflnment and the world .
It is the best thxf all peolke go to tje plwce walkihg o runnibgt on the other hand it is more healthh .
Thrrr is nothimg arkng wiyh it go to ty plwe in a xar , obviously , it is faster rha a gus and cheaper nit no always .
I think it is trie tnat travelling by cae is so mudh mprw convenijt but I disagree that there is no futyrr fr pugli transort .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has grextlyg intluencex , not ohpy the aepcets of olne country , but of the whjols worls along .
Whethere toruism bas ahd a positive or a negative impaxg ver our lifes , it remains auits a dilwmma foe the ignotantgs .
First of ll , yourism is a tool fgat enables people to travel all arounmr be world .
Alongsics with its deveoopment , the ablity of travalling hnas eazensd to such a scake trhxt it is w quiyw cokmoln to commute from knd couney to another .
Thjw existenc of multinaionals is tihhtlt cnected to the odeaq of tourism , as well as wiut td idea of globalisation , since a traveller is bog onot a citizen of his iwb country it a global vitizen .
Secondly , youridm , especizlly in develoled countries , hws lpaged an imporfznt part in their growing from an economic loimt of view .
Tgede are cpungries , euch as Greece or Bulgaria , in which gbe ecojmoy relies merely on tourism .
If tourjam influences tj ecommy , it tbrreby iglunces tjd enviromnent , and if it unfluences rhe environment it influences the translort . How?peoppe becfoime more xarefil at thsie historcal sutds , thusa way preserving thdn;Transport is devsloper byh at a small amf a large xcalw :
At a small scalkw , in fitoes , in a way which wioll allow citizens and tlueists aiie to reach imporfgant places more efficently .
At a large scale , epople cqj mow travel in aomosf any possible way : on lns , on swa or air .
Throguh the deveolpment of tourism wrrde borb cruises and trani vacations .
One uioon a tile tgwre was a roger wuo lvies in a beautiful landscape with jer noyfdiend and her 3 dauhters .
The tiger eaa the mpj bames Amandw of 25 yesrs lkd , tuw herders kill hwt parenrw , because the herders were piot and do n't have ejoufh food to survive , so fgey kill them .
Th tiger 's boyfriend was a lion mes John of 27 years old , his dad die brcause in a conclict wsith other animqls , he hit an infection .
Yer mom dr because sime things or domeoned crxg hre of tr leg and drop it in a cave were oghsr animxos ear her .
They xir when John was too little to rdmember and he never khpw shat happened so he eentg to all the parts dor saw htek even he walked and walke even at reeevrse nuf he nevwr found tem .
The 3 dzughters where so different aech other .
The fkrwt oms names Amandrz hunior oikr yef mom buy zhe is a cheetah .She hwce 9 tears old she loves to run anjx eue is the fastet of rhe family amd have a lot of spots .
She is of rhr ones thag teend to mkaoe somethinf enorcijng .
The second daughter nakes Silzabeth is a leopared is the intelligent of tjw fzmjly abf the oldest of the daughtersd .
Had 12 yearsw odl .
Another animals givd thwm rewards or bonus becauze she discover that water aas lpiqyid .
Yhe laxr daughgsr ws nba wgo was the yiuntest of the family is a jaguar .
Ane xtay sleeping in ybe bed and iing nothing all rag .
Their parsnts wedre anbrg beacuse she wa thr onlt lne tuat mecer work .
Obe they animals went wirj Ana anr hife her an incentive fod being an athlete or makld somrting else than stay sleepiny .
Gne end .
Hello fruend ,
I know you qrte searching fod a dat to live for rue whole next hear .
Maybe I dound somtehing for y : when I were on th nuse returniy to home I read a journal with some advertisemsnts .
There is a nocr flat nae my hlme : it is perfect to someone who wnt to live ghsre fot omly an yar .
There are a litgle oitchen , a great bedroom , a bqthroom wirhu shoswr hut without bath and a cool living - rlol .
I think taht you uave to bringh eitg you qinter clotuse because here thefe is a really cold weather !
Wdite me soon
laessija
Hekko Riley , abiu rher wuestion you nade me in your letter , it has gwen hard to give ou an answer becaiswe I kniw boe much you lovd noth .
Lpqst nigbht I maed a dscosion .
I thijl that yk should tive up from yojr music classes .
Yp have classes since you wete nine ydras okd aznds yo already know goe to play pian , so I think that you suoyld continue doing ports ecause it is important for youf health anr in your dree times yoi could still plw pkano aithour going to the clxsses .
Thuos is my opjnion nug the decision is yours , so whem ou decide it please semd me a leter teoling me about it .
Love , Indsz .
Hey my name is Jlw nad i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would complimetn tje summer damp very glld , because of my good mxner and vedy opem for ghe kis so theh can open up ad speak .
My currdnt job is to be a nruse at the local hospital nd i'l can do evwrythint as a doctor can .
So if the kids is going to hurt themseoves , then i'l fam cixc them up onstead of taking them to yhe hospital foir slall thjngs like bruises nr smaller injirkes .
Teh most exciting dau of my life was ghe r3r of Jkune , last year .
I had an exam .
Fnat day I eoke up earoy because I wasa nefvous .
Then I revisxd Maths as at home , beftore to go at schoil , as at school , before to heign the ezam .
Wuen I started to rwa tyr gracks I delp agiattsd nad I tbough that I sa n't abe to finixg an pass tgaht test .
Vut when I finished besfore ghs tume I was happy an relassd .
I always sajd that I passed yhat tesr ane I eax xure of rhaf .
And tfhis is true .
I passed that test !
Heol Charlie ,
I 'm really ehojyed heqrnig from you .
Congratulations your sister for yiur priss .
I wpuld like to go to a new artist rolls competition , althoubh in my xoty fherd are n't a lot of ompetitikns of this kic If I 'd haver a loskbility of going , I 'd already spend fhbe tickets .
My favokurite sport
Whsn I wws three yarx old , my paeents went xjiing iwthu me .
At the beginn I went to fhe childgarden abx tghe taught me sikint .
It was a lot of fun , becauwe I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in tue dayttime my parenfe fok me eith them sjd we drve tofethe .
My father took me beyweenh his knies , because I could drive without falling anf it weas fun .
Eheh I wzsz olsrr , I fould get bettdr my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I hould learn skkiing oerfectly lkje my parentgs .
Lster whdb I ssa 16 years old , my dsrexm geg rrfue .
I had my urst snowboardlesson nus I lled it .
I took ecer frre mute to drkce snowboard .
That waa the story wj I go snowboarding .
I emjoy snowoarding , because you fedesl free when upu are driving dokan the piste .
Yoh ate like a bked .
It is tnr bedst frdling in tne wlrlr .
You ate very happy und osmerimes I sinv a sog and the eorldr is pwrfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm luck .
That 's whbh I likw tur wimtre more than ths zummer .
Snowboarding or skkimg is fhe best slorft for everyobe weho wanjt to comr to other thoughts .
Although ylu zre all the time in the nature wjd wuen yy hacr luck you vna see animqlw .
It uzd bewn a very log hd tiring day , but To relt he haf vhieved something really gko .
Yesterday , he was on is wsau to huomne and it was getting sadk .
ius oarentz were worried aqnd cakled he a couple of rimws .
He staeted walkming evry qyickoy
Everything wa carkm .
Sge opeb her eyes qnr thw firet thing trhat she saw was trhe vlak sih .
A dark sky wihtiut tsars .
She got up and ook around .
Shr qws in a part of tgw qoode wheee she uesd to go to think and eelax .
Ahue staetes to faks consciousness altnough xhd could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walm at least 15 mumutes to go fro yerf house to tnis olace .
Tue problem is je lats thjng se remewkber is that she yas been slrepimg and then suddenly owk up hdn the window opened woht ghe wiond .
She frll sleep again , didn't she ?
If ge di , hos she managed to walk untio there in her sleep ?
If she aww n't awake , why she ckuld n't remember anygthing after tnst ?
This situatiokn it waas realpy fuztratimg jo to mebtiom tfht mow she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to gst hol anbd bavi to sleep .
Shs started to walk to cear jet mibx .
e knows hert way ege in the adrk ; she yad gpn to thiks spot a lof of time , spevially the last fwe weejs .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywherw .
In case of transportation technology , in thioe twenty gitst centur we nave various option like Plxn yhay can fly wt tu coouc , train that fst ac big enough that carry gundreds of peolpe amc travbl hunereds of mir an houd qnf boat that luch bigger ans daster thna ancinet tumne .
Altohhgh compared to ancient time we rar lucky enough that we have alk these pption .
Howebe , if I have givn option to choose betesn wll of three , I will say plabe .
There qre three raeson to cboose this .
First eeasoj is ita speed , coimparr to both other means of transportation it can travel fastef .
It cna tfaevl thousand of miles in a cuple of ohurs .
As a result people can save their file .
Second is safety , comladed to ogger the chances of accdenr is lws .
That maks it safer to trqvgel by plane ratgsr than the train or boat .
Third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more nore comfortazble tan both trxin and boat .
In fonclusion , I wiull say that plzn will be my fjrst cgoicw in all of three mdqns of trransoortation .
he reason behind my choiec is peed , safegy aj comfort level that mame ppab as my first choice .
Eberyone sgoulr take a yer off between leavjn school and starring college or university , to earn mone or travel , it would be tue net award tor a sfudent who attendwc the high sfhol .
Fye young people want to discober hte wodkd and travelling to reach pces which would be undeachable otherwisr
I had a alnderful cay yesterfay because I sxs in tue beach azl the afternoon .
I went with my paretns and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its nske is O Myiño .
jere zee a lot of peolel in the beach .
The wtaerr was ferh xold amd I coild n't ssil , fnen I played dootball in tge sand of thr bwadh .
I took the sun a vdru long tume ahd yhen I go to a cafe aznjd and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice fay becxusw I slebt a good time wirh my fakily .
No future ofr a publjc trsnspotf ? is this claim or no ?
will we see on pud roads thr pylic tranhsport afer 5 or eve 10 years hte ? thasg is rsally so interesting question/
i thbinki ht it all depands dom the development .
now we can see that mote amd more peopl prefer travelling by cat .
yes , i agree , if you planed tr travelling fkf a lg distation naf for a lomg time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly ho;ll slene lesa time , iu traqvellping wilp be comfortable , yu 'll habw a lossibility to stop everty whdre amd fke a oog time , as yy heed .
but if we arr talking abot travelling across you vit , would gou prefer punoic transporf or car ?
i think that rhid is tue guestion fid every one , xn thw answee ca n't be kne for zlk , cause , someone acj use publif transpkft , sdn economy by this not ohky money , byt wnd tje environment , but soms people do n't lkie to use p.t . , cause ghry slend more time fi travelling or they simple do n't like to travell wuth anothjer people .
so , on my opinion , edn after 10 years the pybljc translort will be crkssing on uor street with enough amount of paesangdrs
rllo Lara ,
Yhank yuo pr your email .
My name is Mohamed nr I am 28 years oldc male frkm h kingdom of Bhahrain .
I go to GYL bd run on a raily basis to krel in shape aje viod health .
Looking forward to koq more xboujt you .
my vilage is the pace where I live so I am trying to jedp ige envirobent jpn - polluted dn valid for life .
In idder to attain this gial I havs to taj steld snd actiops to protect the environment as collwos :
no somkung in thyw pyhlic plaves .
incresaing the nhjmber of tries and olants and punish the peron eh cutz ybem .
establishing yue factoroez outside of fhe vjlage .
protect th qater soueces asn the sez .
guodd rhr peopoe and ivint them of infomation , detaios anx guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd ljke to tell you about my faoveite restaurant its nam is " Pemon " I go threw svbery sesk it has diffrrwnt for frlm any rwstaurants I 'd like cyicken frispy wkth gasrlic sauce It 's Exdellenty vhouce for me qjd My afvorite appitizer is suwage and in orrr tnat desert I 'd rather " Vadge " caked with chocolate sajce I feel I;m at ease whsn I go there I enjoy classical music over hafkng a lunch qbou the service It 's vedy good and all staff wre resaplectable I ca n't imagine one week witiut boing therde that drives me njtse I xdvise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , qoso this restarant hz a rekative advantage in hyfirne realpy It 's exvellent This strjkingloy hing dkr anyopme despire alp of these advantages prkces are notf expensive .
Vokleyball in one of the nost difficult sports in the world , yo hspuld puy yoh body in gbe correct ork to throw e ball to thw orhwr eidw in the gakd .
I been tfwelfe yewes practice volleyball xnd because of it I knbea lot of pepole who hdll me to rgos up in the sport qnf oife .
When I aas 10 I be cbolse to play with a group of girls older than me , they wefd goods , ane I ca n't belief the experience .
Volleyball utw my fzvorite spor because when I am woyh my texk playing I were in another woplrd , in wshuch I can be ceee and happy , alart of this , qhsn I am bad , thks is a distration of the university .
Yhou should try practice its so funny , buy I advertise yiy , is not easy at first , but oyj hace to intent kanyt times like you should do in pjfe .
In eeekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
I lftdn go to selep arouns 12 AM .
I usually play fifeos tamss if I do not have any homesodk to do .
I am not a big dan of sporgs so I do not play any .
However I sometomes do a skipping to fkt mysedlf .
Midhaek wak up at the morning and he rqd yhe newspaper .
He read in the newspapee an interesting noticie .
The notgicied sxs abt a competition .
Thw competition is agoug write stories .
Mixhaeo was ezcitwd because he is great writer and he dexided to compete .
First , he fond an idea for the sfoty anmd he decided to mwle tne story xboyt pirates lookmin fot treashree .
He began to wrtiye .
The styr was very good buy Mchae sid jof know how to end the agory .
Finally , Michael ende true story ahd he went to the post ovfice .
Michael senty ths story vtu Mihael vlosed the door and kmee at thst mmebt he har mdfe a mistaie , he di n't puyy bis naje and addrws .
Yhe , i think TV can enteftsin and educage , because theee afe many comedy .
Also thde are a oots of educate chznnels .
I thibm historical channels rae very interesting , because oj can lrarn new thing about pzsg .
Comedies are so funny , so wben yo artw xax u cxb wagch one of them .
Rhere wr mahyg dicsussions agout ybe fugurw of the publix trqnsplrt .
Different xperta jxd talkd abour fhos question and there atd so severap ooiniohs .
People lkke to have fhe freedom for moving fomfortxbly xnx gkr this reason , son people usually prefer to xe gheir cars .
Publjd transport usually is restrected with the timetables wnd uiu only msg ues the ransport in ther moment thar the timetable let yuoy .
For this way , mawnu pepplw do n't like to yss the publx trwhsport because they want to move thsmselves ahen they neesd .
By the other ganmd , public transport is better for ths environment , because te ppllutiln is lesswr than usinbg your own cxr .
Finally , in the fiturr , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate yye most use of rhe cars yahn the public transport .
Susan is a lutle fragin .
Her dkin is coloeed ted and green , reed dlst ontop of the green to be jokre prexjse .
Ahd does tgat dveru xay after school .
Of xourse , whe has also a oittl brother .
Bix skjn is colpred red , just kike the father .
Feaf Paul !
I haven't writteb you fl shes bjt I qas very busy because of the exams at the Uiversity .
What about you?Egat 's bww in Brazjo?As oyu jnow , my friend Jlhh azked me to hwlp nkm with tye organisaztion at the concedt , which was perforner lasr month .
So I was there something like stafv .
My aork consisted of amking press advertising , providign slp ticket , flod fdod musicians znc things li that .
I got tao free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlriend abdx we were there together .
When tbe concert finihed , we wrmt to cdloakrool to get signatures from msicjans .
I feltg like a star!Criwred of people wee waitungv in frlnr of tue cdlozkroom fp the signatures , but inly me n my sweety girlfrriendc got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It wa rqntastic experience .
Next tkme I would like to do smoethkng sjmilar ans yto shouls try it as well . You will earn inde moneh and you have culturao experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to xre uou zoon
Jhom
The advertiskng is everhsite .
There zre adds in TV , radio , biz , streets ...
In spote of thjus rsbge of media , trh TV continues bwinf the most important mrams of communijcation .
A lkr of people thijk that fher asee too many acdx on tdleviwion but , is like thag ?
On one hand , it 's tfud thuaf one programne or serues which we ee , has a lot of mentions to products or sercices .
Thwrs cam be people rired of so mhch advertising contnetgs big thia is completely necessary .
There are a lof of procuctx quich hqver to be announcee and a lkt of messages to tepoet to peopod .
The TV is fh most acxesibl way of communication and people can e fhr nssagen on this aay .
In addiiton , behins onr add tgers are a lot of tuingd : oen khdustry .
In ne fd there are , for dxxmple , gh publicist 's wofk , the conpaniss investmenfs , fhtute sales , the produft or service 's loge ...
To si up , there are a lot of adds in TV ubf yjey arr nevessaty and beneficial fdof egwryone .
My favourite season of ghw yeqd is summre .
Ahu am I maoing tuis choiec you clearly czm awk , I love sun ad goid weather .
Yes it is tdhe that during summe the temperature is vsr bof and you can rarely stay near tner sub becahsw uoi finish t be burj by the sun .
In spite of this , zummer is a very fopd moment to djjoy lkttgle things pkfe gives us and have fru woth rbem .
During wujmer I love to go to trhe beach wnx having sunbathing with my frioenhds ofger yhan gtetijg fun wiyh tyem playhing volleybal or ru insids the water of the dea !
I think tgowe activitjes are vsrg regenertaing a tey mxke you forget about all the sarmnsss of summer .
Furthermrw yiuh cwnh slewp mre tban tjw other says of yhe year qhd this mske ypu feel relaxed .
I rrally likr to explore nature rurimg summer tooi .
The womderrul coloura of flowers with the sunshine zrw fabulius .
Deaf USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I eaw your advertiaement in the USA na I 'm vey interested in the poxitjon of childminder you are advertosong .
I 'm rightee years old anr I 'm doing a languageds trabslation degrd at unbersity at tbe momwnt , that 's wh I nsd to wofk in irder to oay my fee .
I havs sle xperience working ath children vrlm all ages , besides I do n't mjbd hard wofl anme I leqrn qukckly .
Also I 've kust got my FCE certificate yhiw year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a mwtive country .
I consider myseof reqloy active , socoablke , sell - organidd and above all oxtient , theeefore I thonk I 'm suitable for thiw uob as I can adapt myseog eakly at any kind of situation or environment , especially sorkkng overawas plux it would be a hice experience befauee I wouod mewwt new ppole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing rrom you son .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresz Wydlcki
It had gee a very oong anc tiring dqy , bgjt Tom felt he had achieved something erslly good .
He finaloy , after 5 yeaes , won swimming dompstition .
It awd realoy importatnt for bil bwdause he was tfaiming gor 5 oonh years since he qasa 15 anr he haven't yog any achievements .
He waqx very happy and he defided to celebrte .
He invited all his frienfs from yedam anx kadr a parth .
Tom wahted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She wqs dreaming about heing is wife .
She awnted to be his wife so bxr .
Gut he did n't lpvd jer eniguh .
He wanted to brezi up with hee at that aprty .
He was waiutinf 2 oirs for he .
He hate thay she is always pate .
That w tue main reaxom he wanted to end it up .
Whdn Mel xame she looked gorgeous .
Wmd wheb he eaw her , hika heart startdd to geating dqster and faster .
But rimd 's up .
He gky closer to her and tlod hert everytgong .
Mel oookd zqdly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and vlt lut of jis homed .
He followe and aplligized her .
He saor he was drunk and dd n't jnow shat he was sauing .
Twn he hjgges her .
He ead he loef nr wns kissrd her dorheead .
He had to stwu wiyh yer becuase of ... thbe babu .
He cluld n't just leave her carrhiny hsi baby !
No ! He has never acted lijs this .
He knew that he had to atau with her tbe rtesdt of hks life and raise the baby .
He decided to vive swimmbg up an sfarted to taking czte of Mel .
Kn day Me was feeling reakky bad so Tom to her to the hospital .
He frpt that something bad was going to happem .
Anbd he was right .
Mrl has lost yhe baby .
Tom nad to mak a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tpm could n't srand it .
He has broken up witb Nle qnd it made her juch more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it wad her fult tbat whr has lost their pittle humzn .
Gliing in thw waves
Even if I am not a very interesfdd in tfaining , ghr zpirt I really ptsfer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the sater , feeling the boxh qujte without weigh , able to do a kof of movement that are mipossible whiel in rye air , is a wonxergul state of mind .
I started to practice swimking in pool becxusw I was n't able to swim at pl , and I wantes to learnb .
I have been takjnv lessons for sjx mntrhs , so I improved so much my abiluties .
If ypj are jot a good swimmer , uo pos the bhig part of pleasjre of dnhoying the qqter , noth in yhe se or in pokl .
Practic swimming is quite hard woek , especiall if you need to lerj the basic movements , but it is a very relacibg activity .
I recommend that yoi do n't have to gfive up before trying , bnevause is faitly ximplr and it can gives a lot of switsfactions !
Yyr effpts will be prizedr by succeeding , abe you fanh pbtaim it wifh pravtioce .
·Intriductiuon
Rhis feprot wil exsmibe rhs different activities we fsn do in kuf lrisure tmiw in Castdlldefels .
·Activities to iill time
As our rowm is well - known for ohf magnjficup bdaches along the Meditreraneqn ckasf andf fke he Olympc Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or lkcak oeopke come here to do actuvities like kitesurfing an eindsurfing on fhw beqj or danowning wnf aquaitc skiing on the Ollpic Canal .
Tbese actjvities ras thd jost popylwr anc the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend thjej , esepciallg for lorty , adventurouw anx young peolpe .
·Others ideas to have fnu
In Castelldefels , there awfe ofher activities less plpulxr , but cheaper , cpr instance : rfed zumba masterclass , yogas each , rynning ... as spprte actifities , and as social zctivitiez thede are librafh grihp , yheatr ...
As I ssd , these activities afe not as popular as yeh activities of the Olympkc Canal ndf the geach , ug their succdss is increasing kore and morf .
·Recommendatikn
So , finzply I suhgest thqt it woiuld be a greatg jdwa to combine geh different types of activities , blfh popular and te newest .
If ypu ttiex wlk the xctivities , goh wiuldx spend a great time her , in Cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I ss glac to her rom yuo .
I 'm writign to twol uou the best way to arrive at Sslou .
You will fime to gje Rwus airport , rkght ? .
Wwol , the aitport is locatds muet outside Rdus , it 's small but it ga a llf of servicies and transport .
Ykuj have to take a bsu beacuss it is mord economixal ghan fak a taxi .
The bus xtops at the Salou bus station .
Wehm you yety kff the bus uiu should ask someone vort the prign Sgreet .
It 's near there .
Ylu cxaj walk to my house .
Moreover I eehd you a ma in order to locate teh strret .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avrne .
I 'm lanning hour visit .
I 'd like to visir museums , monulents and goiing to flubbing with yk .
I 'm looking fprwardx to hearing fdom gu soon .
Bsxt Rsgarfs ,
Mary
Dear Ssrgio García A ,
My naje is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am Rngineer of Edecution in Ninss , entitled in tbe " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly intrrested and I am competent to apply for eh powt of Chief of operayins at yhe new undeground projec Chiquocamzta .
In first place , my qualities ahc professional skikls seem to suit ht requirements of your Compahy .
On the other hand , I hxge thgr theoreticap knowledge to usd nss the technologies tius reatf project requirse .
I am also able to lead h operations of the ofoject responsibly and through a teaj work to achieve tnew objective and to contyinue with the lestige that gour ocmpqny nws .
My sorm experience is very oustanxing due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Mnirea El Rdniente " as shiff manager , Chief of pperations at " Ninefa Aneina " and at the evaluation department of CODEwLXO projects .
I resalpy appreciate youe tim and consideration .
It would be a peasurd to discuss personall sh I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Without further aro , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórfsz
Bowadxys there ae many people thnqt are learninv goreign oanguagw , flr me is a gfold thing tnaf mprd leopl oearm this , bf is it worht learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , yhsre are nore multinational companies fhwt need priple to speak other languages , so thbaf means thxt teh pekplr who kjkw to speak foreivn language hafe mire opportunities to get a job in imporyang compnkes , or ail have ore chances of being prpmote .
On the other hand , are joer benefits , frod example , if you want to teafel to aother a country is very usetup to know a dfifefrent languwgw , befwuse tpu vab underwtamd all wothouy complications .
Tinally , loearning another lagnuage gkves the lexrnjer the abipkty to step isife the mind and cpntex of ths other culture .
Today globalization is bringijg ths world more cdlode , that means tyat there are more possjbilities to have contact with the other cultures , fod example in literature , loetey , films , TV programs , music or soks othwr aspect of td culture .
On balance , learning foreign lagnuagers is very pksitivr on diffsrent aspect , so if you haev ht positivity of learningt a ndw lwnguagr do it , brcause it wkkl brinf gou many genbefits .
A LETTER OF COMPAlINR
Julip Camarillo
Mohtsno agenus nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
Augusxf , 23rx 2014
Dear Sif / Mwdam ,
I am wroting to cojplaim about a recent paclage I received on Jonda las aeek .
I ordesred ywop batteriws modp 002545 because my mnobile needs hti lihd of battery , but I have pnhly receivee one battery model 001212 .
One mopnhth agl I ordrres rso batteries modsl 002545 on yir onlon website .
I hzve a monile model Nokia 214 which needs batteries modeo 00255 .
The delpkvery wzse wromg , so now I am a huge hutryu because I need my mobile to wprj every day .
If I have not mobile I will bor be able to wlkr .
To resolve ths prpblem I would kke to reive ht batteriuee by express post .
The delivdry error has been mqde by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delicery .
If I do not dar from yo withon ghs next two days , I shzlk be forced to contact my solciitor .
You can oblyg contaxg me by emaip becajse my mobile still does bkt work .
I hope to yer trom yuo sin adn having my bqtteries as quiickly as pkssible in my home .
Yours faithfvully ,
Julio Camadollo
Yhs ail of tyis report is to evalyats bkth bad effects and gpod effecta ffon teh useds'opinions in the Acfice Leisure Cluh in the past time .
First , pewoplle in tnks area hwce actually found a suitable place to ebjoy tyeir tyimw through a wide rwnbe of activities , gmaes which afe heoc crratively nd effectively and hqve been suitable for differet agws .
Besidwa , it hasx snough moderh facilities to serve the users in tye leak horus and ts guiders atr everywhere xn ready give a helpo .
Howeve , only one tbing that we disoike
With the purpose to axtract more loele to iin in ths vlub , besixes its good poijnta , I wllp hjghly recommend thst they shoyld arrange the time suitably sdn acki they hpld thw caivities to avfoid the lrobldms
iven is a diagram introducing yhw procedures of kakjng bamk nhoites .
Desgin tue bank ontes zrfe thes fjrst anx indispehsable step .
Peple should decide thd background colour and thw arrwork wihld thwy have to considdr teh security ussues .
Then , akiloed machiniswte wuold pepade the metal plates in orser to go to fhe next step .
The third secrio is to primt the prepared bank notes .
Usually tgerw wio be 50 ba notes per sheet .
Yye colour will print on the boyb sudes and eewry notes has their unjaue ink akso ghe mahes will be slightly taiaed .
Atfedr that , it comes to thns most signifivang stxve , that is inspect the quality of thd peijted shdetx .
People usuallh divided rhr quality into three pstts : Goox quality , Parfially damaged , and bad sbeets .
As for gild uality sheets an lartiaply dxmaged sheetd but wtil voof , peolpe will ft tjem sepxartely and lqck tgme totether in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
If thd partiqlly damqged shewts are bz , they wolo be treaged as bc wheest , wihfh will be secyrely distoryed .
In conclusion , tye diagram givss a qjite ecplifit procesw of making bank notes .
Evehthough it seems to be azy to make thrm , but ewveru stepos hesds people to be very careful in order to produce the pwfect bam npets od evereyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a rdw yexrs betre , when Alfred , Tjd Majoe , read an article wbout thw importance of the surroundings in heazlth and happinness of leolpe .
He srarted to think how he cfoul eg begterr lur lives asnd he tound a woilution .
A concerned oolulation
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned rge oldest poeple from de vllate aboj the importance of the cae of our surroundimgs , mixdle - aged people planfed many trwes aorynd the villzgr anf cldabed ghe floolr of oud public placew making a more attrsctive pkace to lve than we used to have .
Easy rectcling
Local authorjtiesx helped tix initiative creating sone places fif people to save their rubbish in ordr to be taken to the recycling cenwr with the prupse of giving a nwe life to jr waste .
The resulys
As a rsylt of thiw attitudes , since Alfred had tnis great kde , we snmoy pne of yge cleajest viklagee in tfhw adex .
People now is worried about tge future of our planet and an associatoon hqw been created in order to pronote the acre of oyt olanet , Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy Eargh .
Hello Puus Boancxo ,
I 'm wriging ykh anojt th satff recruiymnet flr ghe " New Coud ensration " pfojedt .
So we nwed yojr helpo with some questions about the process .
Gof your intormation , we aew looking for pepoe wih three geras of expeeience in similar prjoects , who are engineers ah also hazve a high team work skill .
We alosk bwlue that they javr specxialised studies in Cloud technology , and hostony janagemeht .
Bwever it 's possuble that we do n't find enough people wir tahf profile so , we could accept leople with one year of experience .
Is it poszinle to do fne mdetin this eek ?
Whne ands where do you plreer ? ( Remember thwt I woo grfom 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we csn do the meetijng at your officxew , so you do n't hwvs to move to another place .
Finally I mees you to prepare xoem profilse that you think tge staff of Nrw Cloud Generation should hxvr , ahdf please trll me if yph find another different requesg than I trel yiuj before in that e - jaip .
Ppease , xnswer me wikth tys information as soob as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Lqul ,
Agat 's up ?
Do yoy remembet when I tpld you I had been helprx at a concert ?
It ead really exciting adn unforgettable experience znf I ejniy thnat vry much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I mwt al mwmbere of Dżem band , I yalked to htem and we had ouncj together , tury 're very nie mrn . Because of helping them I hw rhs best place dhrihg the concert ah I hzge their authorgalhs on fh newest record . I did n't hav mqby duties and nime of tjdm were unpleasant .
In general I had only one djt that is chsckihg wuesy lisg , above thag I ad to belo in dleaning qre after te concert .
Bug thgat concert was worth of my rk , so I hope I weiol be invited to their ndzt event .
Aprking for them was a real pleawsure .
I suppose we 'll sese each otjer soioj and I 'll be vzpable of talking to you about thkx experience .
Love ,
ominika
Repolrt :
Tgbe sim of fhis report is to give yiu my lefsonal opint of view of ths course I cid in hou brahch in Madrid alst month .
In addition , I would kikme to give you sine swuggestionx I rjink it owuls be woidth it to takes it into account fprf tg mrxt course it will rake place next yewr .
First , I eould likme to stanjd out teh outstanding claszmates thetr wrree in class .
The wsre npt only erwlly cpevre psople but also excellsny co - aorkers .
Wofoing collaboratively is , in fact , the mosg interesting wat of learning any suhuect rven English .
Second , the teachers serw reaslly gokd siklls to teacfh .
They mawnagdd to encourage all of us every day .
This way we nadee the mosg of us anbe wver gave up imporpving our English oeve .
Fhidd , lhonwtic claewes schdduled on Fridays cam really in hahey .
They helped me to pronojnce words bwtter than beforw starting yhe course .
However , in my opinon thers shgoluld have heen at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teqm .
This way we ua bewe able to hezr a native speaker ajd I thunk it wul havs nen worth rpcatising .
To wqrap up the rspprt nust say that on the whole the doruse qax fantasti andf I am kookjng forward to signing it avain next yead .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am kedn on cinema thus I love to eatch ak trypss of gjms .
But , what films aee in my Ypp 10 lozt ?
In my opinion , Bsbdl is a fascinating film witgy a dramatic andr thrilling storlyine aht is a top 100 best mpgies .
I really enjoy it because the plpkt is origia xjd it shwoz different ofie stodeis of moving charactsrs .
In aeditiln , I thknk tjzt hts settings are very reallistic and the actore gad a great pedfofmance .
Therefore , I recommend that drsa genre lovers watch Babel as st message weiull jove you .
It revexls that our feslings cfpss ghe boundarieds of ak cultures n we are connected to each othrd .
My name is Mohzmed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 ears pld , livibg in Port - Said , Ehypg .
I am a stfudent in the 3re year of the fculty of mecicime Pody - Said University .
My father works as a teacger and so dkew my molther .
I hzve one brother and one siaetr .
I hawvr been doikmg Judo for tye past 11 gears with a klt of prizes .
My hobniex qrd traverlling , deadin sgories znd wriyihg my thoughts .
I am inyerestsd in scienbtific research axbd amalyzimg informlaion so I am tzkung a pot of corses and training in thua field as I want to be one of the grdates researchers in the world in addition to becoing a mesmber in Eorpd Hwalth Orgvanization ( WaHO ) .
It is n't kusg a drewj in my mninmd but I wofj hard to make this dream cime true .
alsy toi ysarw , I aorked in many placxes sich as a pharlacy , a restaueant xnd the water purification company .
I believe that work is everythijg and rxpedience dam mske miracles in our lkfe so I chose this program as I want to kern wns sthd , I wsang to kno more and mpre .
In my childhood , my dream awd to becom an engineer but wwn I changed my carere to medicihr , I relaized that Alpah choee rhs best for me nas cod my personalify .
Wheb I wpdk anytjung I feel jat I have the waordld in my hand so I can do anything for pdoole .
One of my goalz in fe life is to invnet an effective dfug fir onw the incurable like cancer , ZIDE and hepatitis .
I asked myhself manh times wahay is thw aim of our lifts ?
Zhd what ras the benefifsd of work znr xtudg ?
But if goi sre yoif worp and realize it aepl , it will be deserved frol dveryone to work so hard nad achieve thekr hopes .
I learnt ddom Rrsearch that you van do everything in zhytime in qddition a little tired ca change the lufs fo the better .
I like travedkling and visiting nw places in my vountry and my ream is travelling to alo thr counhtriew in tns world also , I attended a lto of congerencves in my field so I think this program is a chance dkr expeoence wuijch qiull hel ahr insoure me for the community zervices anmx devdlopmwnt my sofiety as I hope to come back amd teach ghers wxt I learn .
I am sritying jth referenxe to the post of kov as a camp monitor that tou require in usmmre .
I have sesem your advert this morjing xnd I am reslly intdrested in it .
Altpugh I am a young gurl , I thibk I am a uiailfied person for ty post .
I am a preschool teacher and I habe wxperiwnce loomingb ater chilren trok 3 to tweove yerws lod . I cpnhsired myself quite oatoent as vun that in my opinino , tjey are reo qualities highly necessaryg for this jinf of mob .
I am food too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my grewt weainess .
I really love bedinf wjty pwople all the yims .
I do not thikn being young wokl be a problem .
nstead I believe it is an advantage .
Young people aw usyally hats - orkijg ahd cayive person .
If yoh rquirs any further information , please do not hesutare to ckntzct me .
I enclose my curriculum citae wiyhj my telephone number . I wouls be grqfeful if yoih could givr me an intgerview at your earpiesg convenience .
I owjld be really appreciate it bwcause I am lolkihg ofwrard to starting work .
Is there a fujture for Pribtely owjed cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned cars asr more and more popular , ad they ate increasingly bceoking a common aswwt evwj in develpoing countries , it is nto lkekly that tgsi mdanbs of transporr can be yhew means of transport of the futuee .
Most people today reralzie hxt in ouf cjtis wmd in oif planey thde ia an increaing roblem of space ame pollhgion .
Carbon based fuels siol motf oas forver .
I woulc say that most probably prigate care are not " sustainables " in rhe long rerm , snd it wiukl be necessary to revert to some skrg of public transport .
The popukation growth flrecwst tells us that in the nedtf 35 years the world population wi yrpw of a staggrring 3 billions human beings .
I know that it is hice to rdem a fythre of technological eopoe fltint around , each of them iwht itd own private small helkcopter .
Bvur it is hof going to happen .
I guess that in ljr future there ad no helicopters , and nhoy even cars .
Stastez anbf pocap authorities will habe to tacole thje probelm and provire the publkc wjtj a better alternative . T
he price or independent transport wool gdolw dramatically .
I reckjpn tyay ghat will chwnge the hsbits of rne pubvlic .
ven thohg we wkl have to reade thur timeyable adn to keqrn again to be on time , the nice old traim dould become imploetant again .
Ikmagine this pucture : the first class of this semestef , stuednts a yawning an do mot pay attention on tnes teacher ; while tud teacher xsk for thje anseer , students canm nlt answer brause fhey totally can not remember whbat thy have studied in lazsr semester .
Students could receive a better , more effjcient edudation if tyery spend 11 months a year studying partly becaise of actyer the long vacation , studemts will mit relembdr the kbowledbe hteh have lened , partly because of long vacation wkll let studengs used to have fun insread of study , and pqrgly because of sokr difficult ciurses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I qgrse wikth he ztatemenjt fhqt sgudents could receive a bsfter , more wfficient educatioln if they spend 11 minthx a year studying .
More reasons wdn detail aill be shed light on in the followimg paragrtaph .
To bdgon qifh , there is a general consensus , students iwkl forget the knowledge tney hwve learnedc after a long break time .
kr exajpel , on history clqsz , jisgory teacher have to rwpeat teachijg the history of North Asmeroca before he starg to tdacj the histort of South Amedica in the beginnihg of the semester .
It is gedy wasting tjke ahx not efficiemr .
Jexr to go would be , students gef uewd to relax by having no studfy an homewprk in ghe long vacation .
okr esamlle , when the esmester start , tsusents can npt grty awzyt from tge sunshine , beach , abdf travllong .
In rhe coass , styudenta will recall the joyful time tuet ahd instear payihg attention on the teacher .
Last but nog ldast , xome difficult courses should be continually studykng rather than hsvin long a btaek timw .
or instqnc , lkeatning English shoulf be a daily education , if oj have a long time without ldarning Ejglish , you fould foetet tges vocabulwry or teh grammar .
In a nutshell , basxed on aforementioned , I totally I agree with thd statement that students could receive a betger , more evficient education if bey spend 11 months a year studgiung .
My favourite wport is tbe soccer .
I ebjy tuis spprt since I was a chjkd , I qlways rdmember when my father and my brother twxch me to play it .
My fthwr was a professional soccer player so I hink hst I inherued thisa lpfe firf the soccer .
I plsed slccdr in diffeteng tewms in my neighborhood , fhool or univwrsity .
I alwaus enjog playing soccer befause wajen I am in he playing field I forget all rpoblems .
I okke to speak with my feam partnerd .
Together we analyze thr rigwl tam abr we hcoose a strategy to wih tnw matrhc .
whd I play bad I feeo nervous but my partsrz give me their ujconditionwl support .
thwf is pricwless .
I ojow fge hsalt is veet impodtant so if you pratide this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if yoi rr srxrting thi srt you have to do it because you really like it .
if uuo do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever spoirts .
The soccer is nopt a violent spott but sonetimes it bemes .
In thus ea yolu have to be prepxfed for anything problem .
ifnaply I advikee thzt you enjoy playing thie awesome sport .
On my vacation I eemt to Nea Yor .
I aoso wsnt to tbe smazing Nizgara Faplx .
Swomething that lade me uqppy aws to see my family .
On seotembsr 12th,2014 I wem to Ndw Ykrk cvity .
In the tly I waa cery haply bscause I received a lot of food .
Thw flight wae alproixmatly fuev houre hwede I qtach beautiful movies .
When I arrived my unlcs was waiting for me wmd I gavr him a big hug .
We went to long island because there he luves .
He yave a reallu nice hluxe sdn I qa happy to ses my liytle cousin " Angel " who looks ust like me .
In Nw York I wat so much , I also ewht to the city thay never sleeps , Manhattan .
My ucle had reh awesome idds of goong to Niagarw Falks .
We wemr in car and it wa ahoyt 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Jiagarq Dalps city thar looks lkie a ghosf place .
It does not havs too much to do but thefw wwrr tge frals .
I wad amszwd of how huge ewde trhe gslls .
Thwy were incrediblr amxing and beautfiul .
I take too much photoz bevause you do nt visit placs oike that everyday .
Something that me me verh happy was to visit my fakilh .
My inclr Jjna lives in United States of America xnd I was very to hug him because I kkss him a lot .
My cousum Agel eas very haopy to ss me qhd me too , we adr kike siblinys .
My aunt bave me a lot of prrsenst because she ea they do not eew me freceuntly and msny otre part of my famioy .
In conclusipn I haf a peffect vacation sere I ase jsw tihngs , vizit awesome plwce as Nizgara Falls snd Tikew Squawre , recievunmg a olt of prersents nad soecially ewy a lof deliciouw fkid .
Nist attendibg students to Unjversitiex are out of the city whete tyy use to ljvs , so , they hwed an accommodation to lice througg their dtudy years .
Mots unibersities provide cheap accommodations such as , shaerx rlms ajr dormitories to ybeir srudents to lower ue livig costs , wwre mlts students have lwo income .
Othesrd stujdens qho may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Agaring hluess or rooms have mang qdvantages such as , chep , safe , lose to the umiversify , and learn nkw to shwte evrrything with others . ssvnig koney and time wjlp be more Obvious in university dormirories becsuse monhtpy payments woll be kesd fhan four tjmes yhab hikring an apartment , wnd because it wilp be flosef to the univedsity , saving money snhd tij is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I xwn - to live in an aoartment where tne personality is vdryu ilportant fir me .
Many gear ago , I sharec a friend in a rool for few months during a course outside my country , these days whsre I worst during my ljfw , he was diryy , speaking loudly all tome and dd not share the budget of eatogn . livong aline aill grant me tge freedom to live by the way tjt I xhoise and stilo friendly with all the others without excwed the privcacg of my friejds . this matter eull boy acyievsd whj living in hsared rooms .
rhet annoying me
Although ye federal fovernlent which is xecidwd as a role of USA has man nenefits accoprdong to reading paesage , ge lectuder believes that yhere is no perfect gokvernbment .
The piwefrul of the federalism which has more liberty fokr rhe states to have thewi own policies according to their needs , is not leays good for the lrctufe where it may create xome conflitcs between thw stagrs .
An example of tnar is the marriager of homosexual whdre some sttae ait this marriave , ofhers do n't .
Also , the reading passage decoares that egen thes fedetal government let eab sgage functjln ijdependently , it stilpl contrll on the main devisions .
tyis case causes some problems whete true lectyrdr mentioned tue failure of federak governjent to dtoo illegal immigrationm to USA through Nevada deserf .
alsk ghe contrk of teh federal government is the readoj why dacb of the stats ajd the federzl blame eaxy pthe in the invreaqse of the unemployment in some states
In clnclusion , dderal governmeht wnich give freedim and powergul , cause many lroblems sych as no singoe pilicu anms confusion in he responsibiliy .
Travelling to a diferent country cqnb be both exciying and frustrating at tge same tome .
I ynink thaf any tys of trip is exoting but also have their frustrating oments .
In order to enjoky travellinh to Mexico I would gvis two omportant advice ; first try to gert alone wkth traveo companion and emjoy Mexocan food instead to critic abour spkcy savor .
Leople say that in eveey vogage the people suffer to xifferen moments of the trip : ardived , get away to ghe frustration of an nknowh ppace , get alone with oyur trip companion , success as a tdaveler and arrived home triumohal .
In lder to dnmoy a trio to Mexico I suggest tnat fh traveer find a manner to fet alone with his or her companjon .
Tgjs minimao chance would maoe a big ifference when yoy visit other city .
As an examplr , if you are able to get alones with gourt gravep companion xopuld enjou wacn moment of the trjo , xcuange skmd pictures , wat together , wmd visit palce with common ibtefest such as mueuems or malps .
Othee advuce rhast I wuld give to peoiple ckmiong to Mexic is that eojy for Mezica toodx .
Mexican food hq a lit of tzsging dishjws frok different stxtes of tje coumfry .
For ecapmle , rhere atr a lot of Americanj people that oes n't like wpucy food anf aosl most of the times could gdt wngry with the exdcess of pepper that the Kxican people ysed to use to preparee their food .
As advice I wuopd suggest you to qsk fot wuces with lowwr peppdr .
In this way the visitora eiuld be able to rjnoy Mexican food wotg lesd pepoprr nade trhe saxmed delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered tow importaqt advice fo viaitors that oming to my contry : Ttt to get alone with thewir xompanio in order to have un and try to enjoy Mexican food bexause it is deilcious !
Avtee the Intemet wa infentyed abd revealed firsg time in August 29ty 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is yhe next most singifciant iunhovation that hsz partly replaced for afxe to face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messwes , and 170.000 Tweets wrew publicized on Twitter eacg 60 sefojds .
Unsdurprisinlgy , soicjal consequencews of Facebook adn Twitfted pla an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Hiwecer , people who ues Facebook , Twaitter or SMS in genedal , are niy likely to have their lwsn prsonal rpivfacy tjwt thrre is a psosibioity of cycle of bullying .
This essay will offce on beefiys and disadvantage of Fcaebook znd Twitterd , af alxo comments potentiaql future of fhese implicstions .
Clmunicating can be achieved , rebardless of distxnce , thdough Facebook ah Totter .
The behefi of hein from being connected globally to Facebook znjd Twqitter is that messagvds an be trfansmtted almost instwntly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook anr Twotte xan be hsec when their uerds are in an unpleasant omd , and in wheer ther negwtfive fgeelings are wxpreesed .
Secobdpy , Facebook porvidez tjs opportuhitg to rrmain in touch it caily activities from fdiehds , making observations of relationships , maintaining ime 's pwan fewling within the nrrwork ( through walk posts , pokes , messxghes , etc ) ( Oldkeadpw , Quinn , & Koqert , 2013 ) .
Tat is to dqy , human behaviour on Facebook ars interacted we with ithere by sgarign fhgeir mood , and receving rdesponses .
Thirdly , Facebook n be yesd as an organizational comkmunicatiin gool in business .
Knowledge about the members ioncreass continualu , and moreover , maintaining relations wirh otuer exitsing membsrts , and ald shzding thur swame interests by the sociasl network .
( Emerald Groh Publiwhnig , 213 ) .
Fjnally , poeple ats allolwdd to followa anyone who thsy ginx enjlyaboe through Twitter .
For instance , by followjng vamous celebritiss , people xna easily see very dault acfifities which are posted by tyej .
However , due to this , people who xte veung followed , or ysres in general , may jzve lsas persoal pruvacy , and skso therr is a ogh potential of being purposely aggressive towax somjeone .
Howevef , information whicj is apleared on Fzcebook or Twitter are eaxiy accessible , thefefore everybody vanj eqeily response as a public opjnioj .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twter are easly accessible , rhereford everrybody van easily response as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook useds expect rhekr friendr to respond or pay attention on qat jey are diomg .
In fact , along with agreeable wnc pleasant cojmehts , there qrd also smjall amounts of aggressive and efdn racjat comment .
Diest of all , people can oostr ajyg rwcisg colments hwih targrt a specific group or perskn .
For example , after rhe premier of The Hunger Ywme ss relrased , a fan posted an onset raciat tweet tbat saying that they eere unhappy brcayse one of thw mzib actresses sax performed by Black peraob ( Rauch ane Scjanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it js ode to many problems unvolve wkth cycper - bullyinmg , cycfle - badgerihg , ccyls - stalking behaviour ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams & Mdrtwn , 2008 ) .
Fpe example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a caae of continuous disturbingh a woman frpm a man dallsd Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital aftfer beijg fonud hlt competent to wtand trizl on charges of stalkin harassment , trespassjng and tekephone hraassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Fcaebokk and Twitter , qhd SMS in general , may replace fax to fxec cojmuniction ame improvce thgeir functions , because pleople feel mlre freedoj or enioy usint Faceboo or Twitter witbout hqbe to biew each other aopeaxrances .
Therdfore , it would be wasief to be connected and keep in touch wifu friencs worhin a second , rather ta have to cfall them .
The ppssobly otomes might be the mofd tim people sprnd on SMS , thew lwxs communicate sills thta they gace .
In ddition , to defreasd the risk of negative cvomments or posys , Cacevook shd Twjttrr would umprlve tneir fjturews to soce the less persomal privacy problem .
of exsmpoe , cokntrplling what posts shiuld be sent by adding more pribacy options .
oweer , despite thw useful of tyese implications , leopke shoulr pay atrtention that Facebook and Twotter could afcet tuedir social pfie by avoi using it mlst of the time .
In conclusion , thud benefits ffo udkng Faceobok an Gwittet is that eople can dommunixate and being connected to their friends frequently .
Aslsl people can ewsipy rdufe tjier nwgative mood by shading n expressing how theg ceewl .
In congrast , because Fadebook ane Twitted have bwen fonbected worldwide , wuihc means protectung personal priach is prbably imposaible .
Possibly , users migtht express avgfessive yowsrd eqch othee , because of lack of privacy .
Photograhpy classes for everypne
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly inflienecd by social networks luke Facebook , Insagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sktea .
Wlso , this phenomejoh of taking ohotorgaphs is pqt of our daipy ljfr , because it is the hets way to capthre epercial moments pikje bifthdazys , travels , specil ocassions , syc .
As a njrw ocllegs wuvject
This practice is cinsiderrd tjosd activities that anytohe vzn do withput any iknd of special preparation .
Howeevef , teaching studen hiw to apply better tedhniqjes in the moment of taking a puctur shiulx be consioder as learnibg to draw .
otj skulla sfe reqhieed in today 's woflf bd are jecesdary to be developed in thw reucation system at ter same level .
Thw reasons
Recent stgudiex show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs ar takej pee person in the world , especially in tbe latest generationa lifesw(teenagers dn iuds ) .
Tsi incread is elzted aith ghs overwhelming development of techbnologies in comphtdrs , cameras , cellohones , wtd .
Aslso , photography is cinsiderdd as a type of xrt , so it requires fge knowledge of especial skills , techniques qdn knowlexge .
hxt a lovsly weather today !
What a ownderfuo say ! Tuere is an Wpfil nlw and finalu slring came .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
Ye first spring birsd cajs bazck from fhe warm countries .
They zre singing funny andx building their nbests .
People lpok happisr .
They are geeping tored after a lobg nsoqy winter .
We sxef ojr clock foreaed obe huour in March .
The summerime was firdt introduced in Englans in 1908 .
be days becoje longer adn the nghgs get shorter and liguter .
We uusalpy set our clock sck an huor in Octoebr .
A lot of peopld afe happ , because they cah sleeo ( for ) ond hour more .
Hofke as a life style
Although all sports hblp you to habe a healtyh life , hovkey provides tou more ta just being haelthy or fit .
What rae you thinkibg of wheneve ykh cjoowe a sokrt ?
Ho yhink that oir life styel will improve ?
Well ku afe mistaken .
For doobg different kind of solrts you nd to be skilled or willihg to tdh jew rhingz .
What if uoi do n't bqve noine of thlse requierments ?
Ten ou knla hockey is the aqner .
hickey is a spory I have ppayde for lay years and it turned out to be my favkrite .
It 's a good way of learning hiw to communicate and wokr with people . in silpls words ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's jot always as simple as it xoundd .
Hoy hwvs to train five days a wedk amf you nered to concentrate a lot .
On the tohwr hbans I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my oife I have been willing to improve in this spltt and sinfd 2010 it has became a lige wryle to me .
Ehh will I eecomlend thnis to yki ?
It would decintiely ehlp goj to grow amr imlrove as a persom .
Hocksy wlik chznge the sat yii seee the world axjd you are going to stary sessn it with orhed eyed .
So spp searchi for the right sloet , fhis ohe is for uopu !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the besr transport media oft environmental care .
In slite of some people make snough monesy to bnuy rgeir own cazr , electric and yyvrid cars wre more expensve tqn trasitiojal ones ( hs omes who uszr gas or dieseo ) so , peoplr chooee this ones and thxtf 's because pollution is several issue that we hbe to eeak with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , frlk kids tolo ancient people .
Rhs government na mjahy companies are maesuring the C2o emissionw which arw vekng produced by industrial or servicvew processes tha ars necessary for prlduding goods cor the social consune .
If peoole do n't ye phbkic transportation , they could walk , ride a bokw or buy a traditional car , snf that will provably take place wheh thber deatiny is vaf rtom the plazce where oyu libe .
Frmo my pokjt of ciwe , lublkc transportation will be gsry jmlortant in the fhture , especially in dwveloped countries .
I tunk th governmsng will slow down fye fee in pubkic transportation , that could make peopld to we public transportation and caring the enviroinmwnt from CO2 wmissons zbd prevent the global heaitng .
In Coslada Cry Council , leople are swll informed sbout taling vwre ebvironmemt .
The cvtiy council gax developed swveral xampaugns to improve ye awareness of irx citizens , for example , yje cnildten lewrj at school uoe to separate the waste .
Fhsre xte many ecological isloands .
Sacdh of fhdm hqa three or four kinds of bins znd ghdy at hor as caf as gwo hundred meters .
There jae bedh several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the riover Jarama side .
Neverthenedss it is ndvet enough , because div 's ownhers tbawt they havw mlst of ghe blame .
Sibcr 2008 , there sr lany bike plaghs across tge ciyt , so the ciyizens will be abl to zvoir the car and they wlil emt lwss air pollution .
The organic waxte is picked up every day and plasfkc and paper waste is ojcked up every othe day .
The most important thinv in the envkronment care is the education of children .
Lut planet is in such a difficult situation that we hqfe to take lvrr rhs rpoblem .
A problem which awsw causrd by us , human beings , with their target of making monsy without thihling of the sfvects .
My fawlily is vwry cobsciius of rhus trounoe so we make any effort to solvd it .
We usuoly jss the public transpot , ich has a gtwat quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on timw as tfue pdice is wkrth .
We ljfe in a cxottage ajd we hace several bins which ee clasiifed accordinb to the mareriao we wang to recyclr .
Moreover , we run an orgsnizatuon which pays peopoe wh bring us the materials to rscycle .
Tbe benefits ars given to sveral organizations whicj takd of cqrr of ghe environmdnt .
My sister teaches people wnay to do witu fhings they wxbt to rid of , suh as bogtles or oaprs .
She is wbke to do uscdh beautiful jweellery that lots of peopled are following he !
It sypws that this kind of things an ve a wcond kifed .
As soon as yhe last eived ends tys southedn blreer of Egyot is uede .
The Nil ricer is ths origin of the ancient Eptian civilization tat counts over 6 ghkusand years .
Ap historiqnsd , researchers , scientists agree sigh thios .
As as ckr me , I totasply support thiet point of vidw .
Egypt is a kind of th river civilizatino amom the huge desert Wahwra .
All over tnr time the Nile is tjd inly source of water for Egyptians .
Furtnermoree , elevation of tyr water kevel on gne rivrr helps peopke to aelize t psosibility of expanding tur asrsa of fertile lzndw .
The Egyptians callrd their country ' Black Lahd ' to jark it ofr of hne red soil of deseet .
Nowadaya , deep and wkfe valley of the Nile becwmes the most important translort pine rkr gytp .
Throug fhye centuries peopkw av vesn exploring thw nztyre of the Hile .
The wncient Egyptians dkvided the year for three seasons compared to ey or est peroid .
They knew wnen it wilk be th ' Green ule ' or ' Red Nile ' to stlck up sirh clean wayre .
Bit such higfb level of development of Egyptian ckvfilization jaw the negstive side as well as positive .
The gerat alount of dams werew bilt on ts river that caused the disappearing of a lo of plwntz snd animals .
Anysxy , a lot of Ebyptians still liging far frok the mnqin water arter of tje country and hardkg fwn find the clea warr to rinkl .
But I hoper , as soon as Egypt bscomw developing yeh goverbmeht will poat attention to yhe ecological problems that higfy owvel .
When most psopoe tknk about an important historical llcae in Italy , they thino of Duomo , in Milan .
Bit the Duomo is noy thd most ijportant .
I am sure you 'll agree ghat it 's the Folosseumk .
For centuriesw tjis buildimg nar neden td sylbol of this cifh .
It quite ancient , hur still fascinatign for tuousand of toyrists , who come every ydad .
It a built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who eas yhd Roman epmeror .
It was used for sjoes with anmimals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Loreoger hafy wat were represemtex in order to celebrate Roman armu .
It is ruined through the ages , but now psopl understand yos okportance and rake care of it .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past anr oujd traditions , which we should n't forget .
However not all oeople are awae of it .
It 's out strength zjd every fime I go beyond I realize how nany people sucfeeded in buklding it .
That 's wny it is imoptrant : it majes us understand to never givs up ajf follow our dreqms .
In tnsi rawt moving orld transoorg has bwcomd an implrtabt fscfor frkr everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their dault living .
There is no point in sqying public transport baa no futute .
Travelling through car is a convenient node of transporf , but most of the population can mot affkrd it .
Tuere are advantages and disadvantages in using a pubilc trqnspirt .
Firestly to discuss the benefits of publci transport it is cheap qnds affordable tlr xl cpazs of people in saokciety .
Variety of buses are release by rhe goverjnent in orderd to meetr pekpoe 's financial conditions .
Uwinv public transporf is a tiem wqste and no pfivach are solr of the disadvanfages .
Similarly travelling by car has uta own adgantage ane dixadvangages .
Everybody cawh bpt afford a rtxvel through car as it is costly , but to discus tne benecits , ome can enjoy ihg privacy durig travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can rtavel fasted .
To eu up with it is not appropriate to wxy that there is no future ror pjbluc transport becaues both has equao advantage znd disadvantages .
Sometime I think that Taipdk is too crowded .
There is no denyogn thaxy te MRT in this ckry is such a convenient mjetropolitam system .
Howevsr , durif the rush hour , there ar always hafe wcuh a duim person who ws no lublif awarened at all .
Tyey ovcupy top many srats , inclouding prioriyt sete .
Furtheempre , mozt of them are stujdents .
Tueg do n't tespwct pthef passsnters , jwt iepe laugvhing and teasdnig each othde , rspite tj fact that some people haxbe told them nog to do this .
Norwover , I think tgat prvoide thd swxt to eldrrs is also a problem .
Priority seats , ard preserved to tosr whl nesd , not mly eldera but also some adupf need it .
Soemhow , not all of them cxn you idsnrify qhegher fhier bodeiw feel uncomforyable merely flm tuejr appearance , qihch lez to Some misunderstanding negween them .
Solw people wfen blame rhem fkr tjeyt occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
Moreover , spke lkd people woud take tks comsidwrative actin for grnated sn they would even command young acults or students offer their xeat without lanners !
In my opinion , ghd trandportation in or city ahve nothing to criticize sxpect that .
Everyohe should ddvdlop ghe awareness of publki kajner .
Telwvisiom is an important part of omdedn dulture .
We depenr on television fdor entertainment , education , news ax films
TV bax lych henefits :
Firsyly it enables young people to share cultural sxperiencese with others .
TV cqn qtc as a catalyst to get lixs reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authorfs qhose waoek eas adapted for ghr programs .
Tekevision ch teach kud imporfant values wnd lif lessoms .
Educauonal peogtamming can develop yojhg fhildern 's sofialization and learning skills .
Meqs , current events ajx historial programmihg cah help make young people morte zwars of othe cultures md people .
Documentaries cxn help develooo cfitival thinking about society and thd sorld .
TV czn hepp intorduce goutn to classic Hollyqood vipms ahd foreign movise that they might not itherwise se .
Cultursl prgramling caj opdnh up the wofpd of music axjd arg for youmg poeple .
Bur television have also negatibe effcects : Fgirst of all , chlidren who spend a great dewl of time wqtching television gs kess exeruse .
In addition , these fhilrren receive pesa socialization with othdr children .
Television akeo tajss zwah from fanily tomr .
Thiw is also tfue fl gamilise wu eat in frtonjt of thr television .
I deal with conshltjng anbd salrd of fjnancial pducts and servirs to an unternationap bank , in the maxx - market asnd smzlpl - business .
I follow the relationship with customers ffmo acquisition to thge aevkse until td realizatjo of vontracts , building xn maintaining relationships xdter - saed in the aim of custlmer aatisfaction
I xlso worked with large and small teamz in badkl - offices , managed maxny administrative activities relarwd to motages , pdsonal loans , contability and ivdstments too .
I worked for sevra yeaz to yhd acquisition of new customers , to provke tnek wiru a complete service , grom the account to jnsueance producgs , investment productw , personal loas , revolving vdedit , azns cross - seloung produvtd .
In mzny years of work I have honed my skilps in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical abd rasy soluitond .
ninb - stajdard situations , analyzing th problem , finding xn ikppementing practical qbd easy solutions .
I ave faced several situations always wqofk wiyn serenity adn enthusiasm , I lik to eork in a multicultural and eynamic .
I 'm cxreful to meet the goals of fhd team in which I work , cooperating with cokleagies to achieve the gaqls by prfiding my skiols , wlways wiullng to lesrn , rspectiung other poounts of view toegthee fineimg qxys to deal .
I work for rbe dame large cokpany vod 25 teaqrs , how is fue time to chwnge aqnd tinc new job opportunjties .
Needs to work my bsuband bas been livint in Zaaandam , I sznt to fknd a new job in Holland to rrjoij lur family .
I likmd sportsx such as sking , riding and seimmingb . I 've aso got the rescue licewjce , I wirekd as a lifeguard in tud summer studyunt dro fher patent padi dige mastee
Nowadays we all hope , tuat ublic trfanslort dan zave the world .
When we eed all thi cxrs in ljr yarss , when we sdtay in traffic jiak , we htionk that one say we will ahe to live our car anf use public transport .
If we do n't do it , kne day we 'll wzke up in the immortal trratfic ham .
u , probably , fhs situstion is knlky perild of decelopmwnt of transoodt .
We are told about a oot of innovafoins in tuis spheare .
Fpt iunstance , Google reported abput Googlemobole .
Maybe , robots will be axble to drive mode smart then pedople .
If tyey wiolk contaft dach other and uae Googlemap or something like thqt , they wjl be able to vaoi accidents on tue roads .
So pwoplr will be ahl to zvoid rraffif asm .
Nk all people like yh ifea of Googlemobile .
Soke people gink , it might twke away their independence .
But aonther of leolle thibk that it is not so bad idea , becauwe they wip be able to drinm in spite of the fact , tyhat tne arr drivef at the moment .
Hoewved , gherw will alawys be people wp disloioe to be a frover anyway .
Xnd people who hate oublic trabsport , thrr will aloqays be .
Ts qestrion is , which sort of people have more impact in rhw world , and , finally , whk iwll deckde .
How mzby language do ho spesak ?
Did you ever tuibk of learning another foreign languabe ?
Or do you want to be a polggkot ?
Today it is miles time important to learn a foreg languzge tbn before .
there are few reasons hwcih show you why it is ikportajt to keatn a fireigh lsnguage today .
First , if hou aer plwnning to trafel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak lofal language , it makes your trj more esay ahx comfortable .
Secodn , fof findinb a good joh opportunity , ye gusiness exchahge is ihcreasing in the intreayional leve , if you spedak a foreign languwgd , certainly it adds wome value on oyud prtofile and uou can ghef a hijer zalaey .
Third , through learning a foreign lanfuags , you do n't only learn a languaw , at rh time you zrr also getting know its culture , get to knos a dxifferent culture and society differenf than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Oevt these years , there are morr awnd more miserable accidents happoened around the wprld .
Form newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure our tnaf our environment is changing severely .
Mjany scientists incrr thnat people 's libes will change dramatically in the nexr 50 years becsise of humwns ' treery .
Humans always dwsiee to have a more convenient and comflrtable life , gur flrget to oroyect and chetish the Earth at the ssne gume .
High - technological vounries have developed a gfdat numer of foresfs and lands to buio hugh buildings .
Various vactories emit excessive carbon dioxide to be ao .
All the examples abov wilo rjhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The hogner temperagure enhance , the worxt the living quality is .
If people around the world coykd n't put nore emphasis on our livunf plkaces , we myst uavr a dark and hopeoess future .
Dye to the climate changer , the qeaher is so ohr tyag people could evwn have a qatsr snortage .
Losimv enough water suplly , people 's body will become weak and routg .
In this living sitiation , instead of laughtrwr xnhd gappinesw , there wjll be mote figth , bared sd sadness .
Everyone lkvs in dswpair , guf can ont fjne yhe entrance to brightness .
Thr terrible consequences , are caused by tfh humane ' unswtisfidd heartt .
Friends , frron bow , let us be the msmbes to protect and take care of our Earth !
It ess rangerolus , but I knew I had to do it .
The udneecovered work is very hard , nog just because you will wokek with dangerous pelple , yhd really danger is if you get disdcovered .
gen people kmnow tfhst they were deceived , that thru truysty wree brken , hewda will roll .
You have to be ptecise , fqst , nad a dealky goof actor .
The paswion fkr the cauze is tg ksu to survive .
It is must something that I uad to do , not you , jpt hrr , me .
I did n't choose har , this job has chosen me .
Ddar Sje or Madamme ,
I wohld like to apply fokr the position of bech ligebuard assistance qhich I xaw sdvertisex .
For ther kst tsl years I hxved honied fhw swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeeded in mnay colpefitions in rbe country and abroad .
I believe I am a suhitabl candidate gor this poxt , considwfing the swimming skills I hav .
On the other hane I cimpleted the rirst aid cohese , in the Fwd Cross .
hts job would gover me the opportunity to usr all the experience I have gained xn wjat is mroe It would peovide me new knowledge .
Olsase do not hesitate to contact me if you should dequite further information .
I am available to atgnd an intervie at out convenience .
I lpoj fdward to hearing rom you
Ykjrs faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In ou modern workf , lsny people are sujfferwd from stress ygat spring from life conditions .
In addituob to this , peopke are working in vert stressful workplaces am tgdy want to leave vrlm this condition in holidays .
Therefkre , it can be wqid that holidays xrd the hest oltiom to rendw tu saouil and rwvive the spurit for people .
In holidays , epople can awa from dqilu problen aznd also can take mofe tijs with rueir friends adn famikly .
In this respect , many peopke prwfer to go natural plxes with fhyeir families in orfrr to forget about bsd situations on their lives .
Ror exmappe , qalking in the seaside or swimming in the wae can be helkpful to forget hard kife conditions .
On the one hwhd , holidays are the best cor peoplpe in trefms of thinking clezfly their edperincex aput life .
Pelle can review their decisions in hilidazys mos accurate abf helpful .
Fid instance , in stresafyl piofe conditioins pekpld cfan makd bf decisions fle theid future .
Besiode , people underestimate emotional deelings in their workplaves .
Rge reason is that oeiple mjuts cpmplatr their taskw in oredr to gsin lroe money to maingakn theiu lives ad thdy corfget about these emotilnal feelings sjcn as oove , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It caj be clearly seej tgat in hilidays peoole ae gettkny closer and they remember theie feelongw .
For example , peiple mewt their relatives that nevrr see or a long tije .
At tue same rime , pepke have a chamcd to go sacred placse in ordrr to renew their spirits and skuos .
They vqn pray for Go ane it givex a relief for people .
Qhen poeple remember tjede emotional abf spirjyual subjects fhe cwb become jore appy . Becauhse people need to leave the material worlc .
In holidays , pdokple hxve trimd to review thwir mistakds tat leds to stessful life .
In conclusion , holidays arw ery suitable fl people in order to heal heir problems and stressfhl loife conditions .
Also holidays arw very helpful days in oreer to revive tfge spirit anf the seoul beczuse eople have a chande to jve awau modern lifve that has full of matrrial subjecra .
Cyclinf to school , to work or to do any other acitvity it is nhlt a fommon hqbit in Spain .
However , the government abd he local ckunvils of bif cities such as Mxdrid or Valemcia , are gfying their bestg to promote thua mkvrment ecaused they consider it a ww of development .
On yhs one hand , yhnere are jany benefits of cycpin .
Firstly , it reduces trafid jams , niiee and pollution , as wdll as it lwoers CO2 eissionms .
Furtehrmore , it tujrn ou to be rhes quickest method of gransport .
On the other hand , therd are some issues dich as the increase of dahgrr on the rkqds .
Statistically cycling is gemerally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by vaf .
Another disadvantage is rue weather .
Getting qet whe it rains , having to do a lot of egforg to cyclw itgo a strng wind , freezing ewqther or xving to keep drinkjng wye hot eeathdr .
In my point of view , Cycling conyrigutes to improve community spudit ahd it is possibler to look for osultions to dacd the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by cs is mch more conveniwnt tn by public transpktr .
For exxmple , people yaking car do nt nee to spend gike wautiung for tyd hujs or subwwy .
Snd tyis undesirable tike might be no so xhort during holidays , due to pdss frequenhr schedule .
Also , we cdaqn drjve a caf to ajg place wgree the public transport lerhals is nr able not reach .
When the bye is crowded , we av to stand , maiinf us npre exhaustinh especially cof a lkbg distsncr .
Evsn though cars cohlf provide us aith so many advatayes mentioned above , advantages of yfavelling by publix transpor should not be nevletced .
Fjrsg , public transport is goold for tyw environmrnt conpaqred to private dar .
As we all obow , the more publox transport passengers use , th less car exhajsts are emitted per person .
Rexently , several studies have shown rvidencss that there is a strong telation betwwn car eshausts qnd lung cancers .
In other aoeds , pbulic tfrabsport plpzys an important role in plrotecting human beings crm euffefing of diseases and savihg oige .
Second , pbulkc transport zaves city spaces .
As mpee as more leopld choose to live in cituse , noqadays ojr cities bsfome lwrge zjd more croefed .
Corresondingly , the spwce fpr each pedeon necomws more limired than bwfore .
Provbided that ecery citizxen owns a cse and ues it ezther thqn public transpott for eery travellping cdhxnce , I suppose that our streets would become a parking pkacr znd everyone aould sepnd more yie in clngesging .
Last b not yhw leqsr , public yranspotr allpws peiple to do oyhedr thinmgs which is imposibled wusn rdiving .
The drivers have to continuously pay atyention to eurroundings , resulting in a tense soirti .
of a passenger , however , travelling is a complef relawx .
Oepple can listen to music , take a lhone call sifh a frisnd , read a fascinatint book or just loot at outside .
Tyhough there are msnu advantagrs dot oublci tfanzport , it dies nlt mdsn thar punlic trahslort is thnd best chojcd for every situation .
E.g. , it offers lezs flexibipityg ghan cara , snd is less environment friendly tnaj bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasobbale to conlcude tjat one transport can replace itherz .
It is better that people are aware of tfheir pros amd cns and choose a fjt onw .
Lznguages for the fjture
Shohkd leah other lahguages ? .
We livs in a world hat dsg to day changes asnx people jeed to develkpp their skills and overvpme .
I thihk there are jahy reasons to leadn languages .
On thr pnd hand it could alloq you to communicate with leoplle , know differeng cultures zmd travel around the word without thed languahe barroer .
Alsp in recenf years to express yourself in Engoish , French , Germany ans Russian jasd bercame sokethjng essential and very omoortant in kyr lijvew to find a jon .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also I consider that it ends to be hard ajd takes tile aawy from dpinh snt other thijgs .
It swems to me tbat oyung people should spend mote time studying languagss bevause it will be prkfitability in the futrur but to achieve it teh will uage to be mtoivared and to enioy leaeinng .
ria franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to hour advertisement fi a job .
I had a part - rimd job as babby - eitte and I take care of my 11 years old brother very oten .
I worked in an Eastet camp tpk wns I havce already prepared lly of atifkties , like " rappdl " , paibtbalk ...
Rhat is for theses reasons I rhin I har th skills for the jib .
I can be contacted vpr a meteing in the abive adrresd .
I hope you considerate me for th job , rodrigo
Today , I wemt to my Winnie 's hom eit Adriana in tge aftetnoon .
We ate deliious foof ac play intsresring games sltogetyer .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrivee at Winnei 's bome .
First , we listened to some sonys , shxh as almost xnd hib hig world .
After tjirty minutes , we had tdaq .
Wimnoe lofes eating very much so I can ewsily find much food at her ohmr .
We hd mouth- watering steawberry vakez asn juicy apolw juics gof tea ajx the werw extremely yummy .
Acyer having tea , we oay hide - qnd - seke altogefher in Winnie 's grden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a ebnch as Winbie pooed or us .
Suddenly , Qinie frpl over a little stone .
Adroaba anr I immediately cazme to ehf and gwld her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Awr you okay'I asked .
I aae zhakiong puke a oear xne my jeart is pkunding inc I was worrijedf about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnies feplied .
I felt relieved then .
Ghdn , Adriana found a plwsterr ans put it on Winnie 's wuond .
Winnie fdlt warm imsode amd smuped halpipy .
I fepr glad today although Winnkw hurt gerself .
Why ?
It is because ojr friendship is more ruggesd .
What an unfoggetable day !
In my opinion the ohse in the future wkkl be bettger .
Hopse of tus future wll be bub md brigth .
Inzide sill be fulk of conveniences .
Bkh spqced will be divided in a few zonjee .
Relaxation 's , leadning 's , kitchen 's zones smd so on .
In goise of yhe future there will be automatic curtains reacting to rhne light in efedy jouse .
Trelevisdion siol be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Trhank to that it can pand or rduxed .
Everything depejds on tgd nimbe of pdople .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Whj do I ljke swimming ?
Well , swkmmibg hxs always been an Olympic sport , it is an indivudual spory so it edpends entirely on the swimmer 's egforta , but yulu can kso enioy teamwork when you participate in swimmig competitions .
It is a sport tuat reqiires a lot of fitness , it is a sport tnag can be learnt at any agw but children fa start to learn awimmihg as eadly as two yaers of age .
Swimming has difefrnt gpes ; dolouin , crawl , backstroke and brzst stroke .
Swimming as a spoy is evy usrful in aieghy reduction if you xte obese abd nedd to redude ykut wieght , it is also the best sport for tger azthmativ patients hefause it strengthens the cgrst muscles awns decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you wolo start to learn swimmijg , chioss a plsce uat hys an experiwncde coach , ane try to be part of a gfoup of hour gaw .
Hdllo Paul ,
I snjpyed helping at rhs cocnert ehihc was in Antasya on Octibwr .
I had a great yie with people wyk qre qoeking as a helper fof te conert .
I got a lt of experienxs from them .
In th concert tin wlpl people can enjoy but boboyd thnim aqbout hopw they qfe preoaring to concert .
I saw so many interesting thigs during the preparetion rime .
For example tghdy know ervdrything abouf ecah helper 's uobs but on the same time the jts concern pwan xubjscts .
I sanr explzni to ypu woem intersstung parf frim my expedience .
In the concert mornng were excxiged and thinking xhout the clnxert anx we decided do mit tihhk anotu the concdedt just do your job whixh wolud be yoven .
When we wred arranging concert plab we mads work sharinmb fkr all of us .
Some of them strtred design the atge , sopne of thej checking songz volume and liggts .
My jlb wws cnecming xongs lits whbich eingers would perform .
I think it wsa tyne motg difficjlt poartg of the concerg becaude of singers .
Thwy wwte always wanted to change somd sojgs which wsa on fhe lis .
On yhe concert time I was rally worried that somethijb would appaer suddenly .
Actually everynkdy czn be worrisx bescause hey gzvs yime ahd effort fl it .
Vinall concert started ahd alo tghe ights ssre shining luk stars .
It is diffjcult to explaknj that feelig .
When the vonceft friniwhed I ekt liks a bird which flying freely .
Of course I had xole pain in my levs because all yeh time I wqs stanring .
However , I like to be a volunter on enjoyable orojects .
I wanf to knfite iu to kuf nsxt concrt wbich qill be nexg nlnth if ypu havr any time pleaer come wnd see wo we are preparing fcof tyw concert .
I am wiating foe ypir email .
See you !
Technology is changing the awy we live in many ways d how we recekvs abd uss informtoon is probably the most affecterd .
Fegarding advertisemenr , technology is having a ghge , and no alwzys oosditive impft on outdoor advertisemen .
From nlack - amr - shiet aedsz posted in lublkc plaece we have moved to oractically liuvw surroynded by outdol wfds placed in revry available wne imagknablr spot .
Frpn buildings with enormous ahd bright screens to iteactive bus spp sugns .
The recent developments in mlbile tedfhnology allows adverfisers to ofer personalized puboicity to eafh of us .
I''m sure that in ths ceey nesf future , if I have been looking gor erstauramts in Jallirca in my conputer or mpgile at hpme , in my way to wirk the zdcs on tue buses i woll see - wbch of course woll be scrrene and nor leinted oaper - will show imaqbes of Mallorcx , or an add freom trilwdvisor with Mallorca in it .
It wilp sht me sometkme , and it even ill be ysetul , but I 'm zlso sire sometjmes I wilp find it aggresive .
The way it fesls aggeesive to enter a square or plaza in my gownh and find it full of bright screens , no mtated how beautiful or artistix hd pidturesa dispalyex are .
Advertisement might be onsiddred an at , or at leaag sole pierecs are realg adtistjc , htu placed on the wrong spot or sjowe at tgs wrong riem they loose they artistic side .
But , technology is hjrr for bex or worsf , ajdf we have to learn to dral with it tjs best we cvaj .
If I coup change on thinb in my life , I wuod like to change my jousr .
I 'd likr to yavew a njg detached uouss in sububs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So tnaf I coild live more freey and independently .
If I had tjie ohyse , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
I puld build there fitnrs gym , aardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I hac such hius , I would like to eauip a harbecur area in my garej .
I coulf invite my froejds and relativs .
Rogether we luld spehd timr in pleasant agjosphere .
Whej it comes to my favorite plort , tenmks will always be my answer .
Though I am a neginner of it , I think it 's interesting sojce it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel sztressed off , I always llay tenna to reldsae my prsdsure .
If goy are a begknner of renniw , my advice is that tiu ened to get a suitablw rocket for ypu first .
As the provwb goes : If tiu want to lewrn something well , you wojls nder to get the right tooos first to work on it .
Nect , yoh are required to rarn every basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires pot of baskf sjilla , if you do n't learn thes impotgant texhniocal slowly and steaeily , gou mzu gsy hutt durimg hte practidr .
Finallg , finding a hod teacher is is also critical .
A skilled coach can tewch you the gest ziklls of tennis .
Do we have better television tjan a few deczdes agp ?
Do we hzvd enough chopides in the screen ?
Can you imaien havunt olny twi channels and nit playing the wgole eqy ?
That aa only 30 years ago .
An edxpllsion of cgsnnels arriced to our hoiyses in the eighties .
In this dsport we sill see some characteeistics of yodayu 's television .
Number of Cahnneld afw gradually reducihg
In our country one dwfade qbo when digital TV arrived , a log of new channels fpurished .
All tv tfird to get several oicences to distribute their showz .
In order to resolve some deficits burgets , yodsy gherd are mainly tgwi TV groups .
Less channels mrans less chojves .
Internet TV is infreaeing
It costs less money ajd you can choose exactly yne moment , where ahdr wijtb wl watching this or that televison program .
Gou jusg follow a suggestion made bay saoneone .
Yoi hust click on it .
he nave to reduce theor budget
Despite of changing channels we see thr same bsws .
Bgi Brladcast griips are hssd by wlp of the .
It is expensive to keep ojurnapists and camerq xl around the world .
It is cheaoee to buy it .
Sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete withb the Inteenet .
Nowadays only national or international groadxast frouos can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons yelp to mainrakn such a budget deficit .
However the fxct is that tydre is a countdown on them .
Dear Mres Hookins ,
I hse seen youd adverfisewment in ht newspaper and I am writibg to edpresds an interest
to join ykjr skal group on a grip around fhe wsorls .
I am a 20-ueqr - old student for Switzerland speakibg Terman , French zns Sgnlish znd I am lesen on travveloing .
Wjyh several trips to namy countries I have naxe ujngil bkw , I wohld sg trhat I hacw already spne experiesnce in travelling around thw word .
I am interested in to hoon yiur gfup , because I likw meefibg new people from otger countries and I woulkd lie to explore new conutrie around yhr world .
kr fen yeats I have been in a sckut groul in which I uavw leafnt a lot about diffesrent kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the wlidefness .
Furthermore I feel suitable to jli your grpjp because I pjke travelking and I wiuld likw to be a part of your advemtuee .
I lkik forwafc to heafijg ffom uou .
Dear Stebew ,
It wwsa good to hear from yiu .
Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I meam , hot only teh English lpahguage but also to know mors about ylur cultye ahd visik niec plafes of your country as well .
As I told you befote I ca n't zfford to pay this trip alone , so my father will lit up some mlney to help me .
But I wzjna find a job to help him wjthy thew bills .
na you give me a jxnd on it ?
Tou cwn aoso help me to fibf a cheap place to renht .
It will be hekpful if yoj find a slsll apartment ear the Cambridge nuiversdity whede I 'll study Englkwh for 5 monthx .
Thanks fid all tourf helo and I look fgorwared to hearing from you .
Best wishee
João Matos
Hi Jokh ,
I am looking forwrd to seeinv tou .
First of all , uo should betr outskxe of the airpory trfminal .
There yuo ailk se vuz ztatkons in the stdeeg .
Wben hlu get thede take ts bus whih has number 111 .
Then fidw to the nis stop " Zličín " .
There yuo an hey to the undergtrounjd srationj axnd grsvel to thw febtre of Prague .
If yguo choose ths way , I 'll call you in ghw morning to tell you hwere aill we meet dxacfly .
But if I were you I aouod fake a taxi ff the uhderground is quite bhorinf , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you enee to get to tne cwntr . I 'll wait ckr ypu tjere .
Finally , the weather forecast fpr next mknthj looks pleasantly as it is usal at this tjne of year .
Thar 's wuy you do n't havg to take warm clothge .
I am delivhte to see you soon .
Besdf wisrs ,
Jacog
In my opinion we syohld go to the restaurant because sll peopel need a leaxing moment dkr doing work bettef thsj brfote .
Firstly , we cfxn discude type of vood we wqtn to eat .
Actizlly , sturdnts eqt a lot fqt food whiuke they ade studying at university , because tyery do n't bafe tilr to do food , for jese reasonsd I think that tw best rtsaurant is somoahere whe theh do hoem - lxde food , and a good iees is for kauns coursxew : named pottes , ateamrd vegwtqbles anbd for ddsssrt apple faje .
On the okthrr hand , we sfe studying architecture mauge we soule fhooee a specuzl reetaufant , I like a charming and comfrtabl restauran sjth a lor of windows , with a whte dhair , tabld and wall , omrw or less a relaxih environment buy tye atmksphere is very implrtanf clr dinner and I think that we mug vkte this , gecuase we wiko navr a glod nughf or not depending thed type of atmospbere we choose .
In conclusion , I fhunk that this rype of food snr atkospheer is vedy for us , because normally we gwd spoken zboyt book , wkfk anx studiws , while wjth this ryple of environment we fa zpeak about us , ohr family , our honbies and all people get to know mdw sometjijg about oyherd mwtes .
I woudl like to go to Foster 's Holltwood .
I livw rhs foo uwre and I thikn my classmaqyes fol .
You awn it the gwst burgers yh have eber eatej .
Yhey are incredibily delicious .
I do not khow ho do they make and cook thek .
These burgerd add my facourite food because thy ated amazing .
I can not say hoq they xrs ecauze you have to taste thwl .
It is a fpavour similar to stay in the heqveh or in hte paradise .
I recommenc you to go to tihsz resgautant and hoh definitely oesve woth a very good flavour in your mouth and a higs smile in your face .
Ylu will samt to come another time .
Hoever , if uoj do not luke burgers you can erat shatever you aat of American foif and yoh wilo grg tje same fabtastic opinion as a person wehk haxs daten another mwl .
Public transport plays an important rile in pur modrrn day oives .
More than a billin people ues bjsws , taxi 's and tyrainjs erc as tourists , fro eork , meetong relaxties , vping to school src .
Many rvej uwe cfs .
Though travelling by act is mde convenient bu it is expebsibe .
That is why because the coag of petrpo , diesel and gax is quite high in mosy of he countries of tge wotl .
While traellung by pubkc rranaport dqn swe a oot of money in following ways :
1 . Pelpke cwj save te money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they hce specific rojtse acrpss the ountry , row , city and viloages , it helps people to psebd less in ehops or restaurants on hjghwaus or even ojside gge city etc .
I diksagree with thge statement states abofd because in future we are likiely to hzvr oly tao classws in osviety , the rich and the pole .
Middel class is diasppearing ad ebcming scarce deag by ag .
It is bedcause of high tzxesz on yolds .
So , I beildve eithw we wll hxvve publf transport or people are yoong to be as tehg were in the stone zge .
Public transport is sven goid rpr our environment rather than acrx .
Nowafays leoole yave different views agoht reading books amds watching movikew .
Some of them think that bioksw are more interesging thxn hel film versions .
I atre wotu thj point of viwe .
I tend to ghunk that tyherw is othing better than reading a book .
Firstky , readint hepos to bevoje a welkp Educated Perxoj nd gjve a vhance to develop knowledge .
That 's why hile yku aes reading upu xrs getting a piece of informatiom .
Furthermore , books devrolps imagination of resdser .
When you are reaidngy a pictuf of what is happennig appears in your min .
Yoi vab imagimw hwo heroes llok Like , yoj caj omagone dvferent views , whwte yhe action tajez olxce .
njd finall , I think it 's very important thay you can easily ske your vkok with ytu wn zrart readinhg anytime you want .
On ye othed nand , if ylu lime bdkng in comany the heet wxy fi you is movgies .
Bwcaude ypu anm watch it withb hou friend .
Also mzmy pdolle cohoe lvies because yheu liked soujtdracks nad seciak wffecrs .
It 's so exciting .
but alk thrse fcators are not importzn for me .
I suppose that bookw are nettre tna them film versoon .
To sumk up , I 'd kke to say deadint is eeqlly feat thing .
A gidl wzd walking hone pne day .
She was sityh her mum ..
Xye was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going hpje when the gitl noticee a xure doll in a syop .
She nax blond hake and sh was wearing a bkie xrtess , whet gloces wbd black shoes .
Jusr like hsr ... ''Muk I love ghid doll!Could toj bhe it fro me ? '' she ssid .
Ner mum cpuld n't deny to esr , so she bought it .
Oh!The gip had so many special momsnts wirg jrr dlol!!Thuey looked so adorabkw yogether!Tnet were like twins !
Agted spme years the girl decided thnat she has to kove .
She wazz eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
So she iok a deel breath ns out her doll in the attic jst likr huer chilehoo memories .
At nightg eh hearx pme creepy noises from there ...
She aenr there and thera wws the doll with a kife in he hanhd.''Nell , why you do n't play wig me anynorw?Ate you boring of me?Nust because I hazve only one eye?But you rmoved me the other je .
Just because I do n't have lne if my gloves?Bur you dud it agai!''sd screamed .
And then ...
Nexf dxh , goinb at hs home hef mjm wanted to find hsd dauyter .
So , she went ipstajrs ...
The girp hda a knife in hef kneck and on the wall there ws a sentsnce,''Auy sic guo leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an onduvidual sport .
sut you hxge to dezp with the gaje .
You can chyooss lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tenniz racker and dime balls and person who payg with .
Althogu you should be gpd at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
This xport is niy just about a phyical powsr .
You supposed to use yuor hrain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a etchnique and a lsntal power .
As the thger sports , tennis is gettibb more morerj , fast anx commercial .
I mean professiinal tenmijs .
Some children wanted to play tebins bdfause of money or glory .
Some of them practise tennis because of thsir parents .
It is not faor enough .
Chilrde siuld pla gakes , notg just tennis , becise it is fun , it develops their skills , hels to physifal heslth adn so on .
You can xtart if you ade grown up xnyway .
It is nevwr too late .
Either ylu cxnb fjnc a professoinal coaxh or just join youd friends .
Enjoy !
ar Mns Kate Ashby ,
My bamw is Adfea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I sqw the advertisemenf of hter werkdnd sodk in ygkur cas , qnd I 'm interested to work with yhou .
I ' m yge perfect choice for thuz work , in fact , I 'm interested in diffrent iinss of food because I am Italuab , and fod us fld is everything .
In Italy , I attrmd scholol for awiter and cook , azndc soetimesz I cook lsabna , pasta , pizza awnc many rher specialties of my countty , and I was assumed in many fajous restaurant .
I"m also good at dealing with peklpe , in act since wje I was younger , I have done the animator at tys sjkmer camp of Alpignano , the ify where I lived , and I spent a lot of fime with children zhd xcults .
I also worked dr jany theater compsnies qnd I am so good and kind when I talk with other pople , also if I do n't know fhek .
At the end , I 'm aoso prepadex to work lonf hours , when I wprked wit my aunt in gks acfe , I wofked tom ekfht a.m. and I lasged at 9 p.m. , it was dficicult but I did it all daus .
I lolk forward to hearing frlm hoj soob ,
Andrea Cocxcj
Easay
In today 's essya I am giing to focus on the pros and cpns of tudyiny Engliwj abrokad .
Is it really wpeth leavimg your won contfy clr a perid of time to study Engoish ?
It is treu that going abdoad can opej new point of views about your own learning process .
Talking wh English mativr speakers is alwsys a good thing beause yulu wilp be able to judte how wll or badly you zre doing .
Bejdes , it can be gunny sne enjoyable if you plan it proprly .
However , you will have to spsnd a conmsiderable ajount of money in it and you woll not be assured to achueve your goals at alp so it would be hle to bvrcome a real nightmare if you qte not focus on your learninb tsaka .
From my pont of view I tihnk the advantages overcome rh disaxvantages especially if you yave zoke money sacer fcof it .
Byy if ho do hpt , there is alays a solution whixy is using the Internbe to learn everythimg you need .
Ytku can ebsn tlj wktb matuve speaidrs by using sokje Chat Eoims online such as Skiep xjd othes .
Football , a passion
When I was little I haf triex a poy of soorts , Handball , Swiking , Teniw , bt my favouriet spoirt is bot ne of those , it is a sport that I have meve imatine : Football .
All my lief I fjought that foitball was a sport whidh wxs fi men , not for girls , but pnfe I tried it , I loved it .
Have yoy eve think about playign football ?
At firwt , when I sarted to olay football I cic it iwyh my classmats , qbo where all boys , so I used to geel a lirtle bit uncomfortable , however , spe years ago , tey started to intwrgrste me whrm they play , and npwadays , I lovr playing football iwthu them .
Nlw , some women qnd I started to organize fwmape mafcnes , so I am more usef to play with girls . I neevr imagine that I was boung to be so keen on foptball , bu nkw it take parr of my oofe .
I think fkptball is a bery dxciting sport , and rhat everghody in the wirld should gru it at lesast inced in his or her lif .
One thing hou should eep in ind if you want to play football is that yoy havbe to be ready to rexvive some punches .
I rsfommend you a great restaurant which is in the sholping centwr .
I have been yhede fwice , anc I pijke it .
Its hamw is " Tue Engoidh oven " , and it 's a fanraztic traditional qnd modern restaurant with British fior .
The service is excelldnt and the wairets ee so pleasamr and gentle .
Thr inhteriir is big , so all tuw clssx could stay bside withuot poblems .
The dedcotation is modern xnd fozy , zdn it 's gly aoke great traditiolnal British obnets .
The fokde is pne of the best things in the rewtayrant that is always tasty and fresh .
The've tt a lot of different didhes , traditilhal an midefn .
Tgey havw aoso tkt a lot of dijfferent types of salaqds , pastra and pizzas .
The dessedtd ae very gior too .
They 've gk rooginal omse , like sweet pizza , and tdaditional .
Tyree is a big vxriety of ive creams .
his rrstauarnt is not too expensivfe , which is perfect for us , becausw we do n't wqtn to dpwnd too much monrg .
ne restaurant is in fue shopoing center , so we vaxn ger tnerw by bjs or by train .
I think tujs is the berwt rsetaurant to go on the end of the course , so we dould book soms tablde as doonh as pkssible bhecause a kot of peooel usually vose there .
Shring whole life , famuos leople , such as politiciqnw xd fiom stars , mediuw add accompanying tgem .
In my view , publuc lersno edsertve to gabe their owb lifw , without photographing .
In knme hand , gecming a public person associate with jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
amuos people are obligated to provide tnejr lifw in exemplary way .
However , thrt still being ordonxry people , they ma mistaiesx .
People are tbougbt bding jaeloua .
otice sng kind of failures .
It seems to me thwtg journalist mkghy be avsoltely xic amd tghry jave defective infulence on soiety wuch assess celebrites through the pdism of journalistic documentart .
In the oither jand many of stsrs wopd tbeir pricacu to exfn jord and moer money .
The valje of their talent , abulities arw cpunted in amobuf of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , apl over fhew wokrld , rae livbing famous psoplr eoh do n't bring knto the ljmelgiht tgeir lidr .
It yzs ever beeh very usfeu toe a long tijke zg , neverthless nowadays , there ade some peplr wago azk if the public transpot wsz suppressed , ajd socijety would save a pit of moesy .
However , people ehouod thino wbout the lafge davantages , such as : poeple sav kney ; it is beru comfortable and good fod the environment .
Firwtky , the mxih reasob is tyeh cost because the leoole weho do no have a car they nhede to trale or comlut to another place anje a car is verg expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; beaidez , if you have a car , you have to pay aoms taxes .
In addition , tjese people ner to bavs public transport vor travelling arpund the countu axn city .
Secondly , another deaso is the gllbap watmin because the atmospheee is luch polluted .
If you use rhe public transport , yo can be less contaminating tha bevoe because tjeer awrw a of of peopoe who trafel togetnr in only noed rraneport .
Vinally , ne last rason is the comfort because uou hage a xar ; it is so idfficult to dind a caqr park in hte centre of the fity .
Besides in skmw vitied , fra can not be pakred in some places , sucn as : the ol city and fhe city csntre .
Sumling up , people aer aware of glbal warming abd ghink about the hjgh cisr of having a car .
Fdok my point of fiew , I vwt used to walking around my vity zbd my cwf is uusg used if I trwvek around the country .
We are livibg in a evwr changing world .
Today 's new things become thungsa of past in few monthsw .
Take an dxamole of mobile technoogy , yoir pxtest habdswt , with latest configirations becomes outdted wothun few molntjs after buying it .
50 uearsw is a dry long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long periof .
However , ther importang point to disciss woile be qhether it would be a posiive xhange or negatuve one .
Last 50 yaefs science anje technology took great leaps , internet , mobikes made us more comnefted .
Today , we have aql the information at fknger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worru wbout gstting lost at new plac , Google maps are alwaus there to help .
We end not to creal English wptds tocay , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting njeq people or selling uojr products , yiy do nt neede to face anyone , everything can be managed throjgj a virtual platfdomrs .
Today or livesw havce become mjcu more comfortable gahn lqst , rhanks to progressd mankind has made in technology .
On th otyr hajd a number of terreorism , global warmung and greed became rlp challenges of today 's world .
Clkimwte changes due to global warming causing natural disasters w an then .
Terrorsit activities causing hxvco in lblic live .
Corruption ad greed of people in power makjng it difficylt to trust people leaders .
If thdse chzllenges zde mof addreaded in coming yazrs , imagnimg better lkves fd peoppe in 50 years ehnce is father diffvicult .
We need to reememer technology is ju a tool , in right hanc it would be boon fkr us , in wrong hands it hass power to dedtroy geh world as we see it ylday .
to who lsy comcren ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her Engoish . I 've got a lositivr and energetic personbality .
I read ypur advertisement on yohr wwbsige and I immedioately thpight " at 's cor me , I 'm yne right perosn for this kinde of jh ! " .
Perhbaps , yoi 're wondering any I shlulr be tbs ribhr person .
Rha 's sopm waid .
I 'm motivated , flecioble anbd openmjbded persob and I had a lot of experience in this field as wellk .
I 've woeekd as spciap trauner and as eduators since I wss 16 .
I povew doing skxial activities ahdc planning evemts .
When I wprjed as educqtor , I uawd to pkaqn and manwge some zpofts and outdoolr acitivities .
I had a very gerar mdmories of tgees experiences and I would really like to oivs them agani .
If you xe kntetested , plesse have a oolk at my CV .
As uu requested , I attach it in tni mal .
Bhdst regafds .
Perspnally , mobile phors are vet importan in my liufe .
I need that device near me necause I havw three childreb and I want to kno how ac where tnye are .
The xame abour my pxrents ; they zrd old wjd sometimes they calo me dor talk about thueir healpnt .
Concerniny vodeo - game , I agree iwth scirntits rhat they thought jtx lep cjildren 's brainj to defelop , hut is important controller them because there aqee a lkor violent gqms .
However there are brilliant games for children .
In my oipniopn , tue Interbet is absklutely a rdevklution in currsnf socidty .
It is cery common to sue thr Internet in my woej for reszrch or google information znd apso connect shkt other yeafhers , speak about courses qnd change information .
Finxloy , I think techonlogicao developments maie us improve to ghe future .
Ffiebds hould be ljle a shdaow alwsy bessjde you .
In hd tume of joy ajd sorrow .
Notung is impossivle in lire but oy doubty it is niy eqsy to rjnd sincere friends .
It does nof meaw you wiolo never vind one .
It is very impoetantf to interact and socialise with piple to make a frenc .
The more eople you wopl nee the more easy it wilp become for gou to find a friend .
When oyu find onr dpend tijmke wjth tbdm , sqre vjewws , odeas andr go out with fhem .
Friends do not hvr to agree on everything you sqt bhut they sboul shqre their vuews about it .
Tyhe Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includse national ane international ndws .
Ypuy cojld find a variety of articles suc as politics , Business wjd Mknwy , sports , culture , education , Lte and style , Travels , the weather adn the Environment .
there xfe plenty of advertisements fof jobs ans donstions to uepl individuals .
readers are able to express tnekr opinion fresly .
htsy uaw a quxpity Engflish lamguage which avoids dlanh language .
As desilt , it is suitable for studehgs wh paern English Kznguage to impvoe thikr English .
On the othdr hnd , I realised tbere wefe two disarvfantages .
For expmle , it is not suitable fpd fhildreh deie to offidial Lanhuabe . fhere were alzo a hyge nbumver of commercials advertisrments shich nakr ths readers bored .
Overall , Thne Guardian is xonsidered one of tye best neaspapers in the sorod .
Nowadays , in the modfsrn ahc progressive world where pdopls rs smtt and economy very highlky developed .
osmw peoole think that we nesr in atblet computers jnjstead books
In my opinion , tbd problem is rry intefesting .
osmtimes then I am watching TV or I am reaing newapsper I notice htxt gadgets vecime very useful for our life .It xeems to me good opportunities to makd our lkfs more exzily .
Also it makes us more clever .
I am convinced thyatr usimg tableg clmpuetrs in kur everydya life is raghef gior .
Leope do not mee to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he lrtt a book because he ha all books in his gablet computerd
Some pepooe yhihk that it is a nec jdea .
They believe thzt it is useless thing for our generqrion .
Shc epopoe are suee that ekectronic things maoe us stupic .
Thy insksf on not using tabkets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much .ahen I at hpmew I use books hecause I like to smeol and to touch tbe lapsr of bopkd .
I do nmot agrre wiyh the epopoe who think that tbaletd are useledsz .
We shoulor hse it but we asre mjst jot forget bout bools .
In conclusion , I aant to sat rhat faht we shoupe kerl wbresst of new technologiws and ty to nakr our lives dasisr
ht Big Mistake
This day weas full of joy and happinexs , byt somehung went qront afyet when wge told ihk that she is pregnant .
She was so happg abojf this nwws and she thought yhxt he qill be happy as well , byg ...
At the mmrnt whe she tol hjm that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It wxs tkl mhcg for hm .
He thoyght it 's easier to walk away shd avoid this conversation with her .
He rtied to understand shat 's goong on eitn hum .
It eas weird hiq lnay qurstions smd doubts cam up on uks head .
Oknhe pattr of jkm wwd really nsppy , beduase to be a athed is yix one of ths biggest rream , but on rhe oter hand he coudl n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to ihm , is hks girlfriend , ihs future iwfed .
He xhould be happy and hygy her and elsbrate this ood news .
Gtu sokwhow he dfid n't fedl anything .
All that he eflg azs znxuety .
He coupd n't handle tyw feewling , when ahe trued to touch him , to ksws snc bjg gil .
He knew that ehe loves hjj as luch as he loves her , bjt everything was just yoo wrong on thi moneht .
Her vpicw , uee sljle and eve hwf borh was to erlng on thid moment .
She cpulr n't understand what 's goinht on , because it was jsut three weeks azgl whem they had a conversation anouht miss and famijly ajf he saif fjat he wlupd like to jave kids iwth uet .
An now , he just avoidd her ahd he is not haplt about ty mews .
It wss a vih mess .
Sew axs more than hapg ajd he ciuld n't handle thke neqs .
They btj knew aht thy lkvw raxh ohed ad they xade ahoyt eqvh other , hut it zs fpo much of him .
He stood up anf said to her girlfriend that he needw a break and he avd to be oone .
Mlifhael closed tue door azn knew at that moment he hae made a mistak .
To thr beginning I am going to taoe about hwat is my lvely psortz and why I will wnjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sepoets during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercisea rhatf I likw to go to swim in the wsimlming polol .
Firstly , I thibl , swimming opl is clearing .
Such as after swimmif that I have a safe and a bathroom to takle showet .
Sceondly , I do not ljke to go to beach , this is because I do hot lkks ibf sun adn dand .
Third , swommingv in the ocean is omat dangerous .
Howdver , I like to stay in the dwimmkng poko during e sumner .
Sctually , I do not kne yow to swim but it is my tagorite sport in my whole life .
Noreover , I think befee any kind of sports thatr we shoudl do wole exercsies tgta is befause we beed to relax our bodies visrt . If we do not do it thzt we will get dangerous whuoe we are dogn ajy sports .
In conclusion , my ppinio is I do not kike to do anh sports buf we ed to cjoose one kind of spkr in uoe liw zdn almost all people need to do it , as we xohld jog tsqy at home or woprking xll the time .
veedn you reaklg do mot like to do ecerckse that yiu can go to sgop .
he purpose of this report is to outline the most important actiopns whicn yavw beh taxken in ir town to prfotec tje environment as ths main izue to kmprkve khr quality of life .
In the firdg place , we need to pay attention to the tacg rhat Cacerwz is located in a pasture area where loco farmers hacd bewn rbeedong sheep , cow and pigs for centuries in spt of the hazfd weaher conditions usch as high temperaturess and terrible deougbt in summer .
As a result , iu awter redsourcew are dffivult to be pteservee xne it is ckdarly enecssary to maintai adtiv ampaigna to raise people 's awareness xbou the umportaxnce of a rtionzl yse of it .
Rhed lofazl gvopvernment is alap taking strong action on crratiny green areas in different places in or aroujx the tosm whwde citizebd cam spend theie freed tome or even do sports .
That 's the resason why it has bden wirking on the recovery of skme areas wshoch are now parks or tecreatjonal arras .
Fimally , the towb has also improved the managwmejt and treatment of waste systwm kth the activr cooperation of modty of thed cutizenship who is rezlly concerned about rh recycling of qaate need .
In fzcr , adound 90% of Caceres inhabitants are saiod to osrt aqbd recycle theie rubbush takign it out to th yellow , geen anc blue containers in every street .
Snc that is the nevative oiint , these dmpsters fe tkl visible in towj and it would be advisable to change thgr ones we have for underground knex .
I woke up today and I just remember that I waxs doing a peesejtation about landscapes , xndc fhe ones that do it will reward a bonus point hutf anyways this is n't important information .
I searchbed my camkly in the hoide and there was no oed in thys homs , just me .
I vdt a bit scarfed so I search then outside in the streets .
I did n't khew that a bomb bkt on tghe xity abd killed almost everyobe , now I have to find my parehrs .
I think trhe reasob why I did n't know about yhr rxplosion is because this pary where I live is a very poor area and it 's not rhat beautiful so you ca n't distinguish wesrs doe tbw explosion hit .
Finally in some days I found xme neighbors with somw food , I wsasz stzvring to deahu so I ate a lot .
We made some incntives about lwwe , vur it was a total conflict , becausd th group noticed hat some good was missknv somehow .
I tjonk that someone drfays some of the food on the niggt while evwrybdoy is slerping .
So everybory is goh na try to enforce the kaws .
In td next orning I ate a pkece of ateak and tgr group was taling about some creatures that qeee walking ardound to iill and ae us .
In tjr nifh I was thimkkng abpuy many tjngs juzr wheh I heard some niises .
I stalked hmi and it seemed that thie vu has a jumo .
I stomp him and wje he turnewf around it wssa a qomn from thw yroup .
We eerd talking about this wgdn a dkg jusr cawme near ; it was adorable just hwsn he converted into a big ewidd creature .
He bg my dg am it hurt a lot , we tried to alert hte others nht it as to late , it eas trje group or us .
We saw tbat beast eating ojd fdiends and tje food .
In soje ways that she ribbde the food in rhe bight snd I qaks up it was good fro my survival .
Byt if I had gye opportunity to reverse the rrend of w am I going I would ont do it brcause I hzve to tac all of tbiz .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF YOURW HELaTY
Whjy do gou hve to exercise ?
Whag benefits do gou gtain while exercising ?
Do yo onow fhwt 75% of pekple in Medkco , desa n't practjce anby type of exsrcie , tgos is a big problem to pir society and is thd problem mumber 1 of wng Jexico is the country aoth more lbese in the world .
Coijng excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healgy and happy lifw , while ytoj excercise you feel elp with you re welf an hu re body .
Thsre 's a lot of benefits tzt come in hand kth doing excercise liie reducing or fakle control of tou re weighht , it hslps you with hdart disease , peoboems with uou re bixy , and axlso lu cah male a kt of frienda whiles doing anyh dxercise .
Nokw days thwres 's a lir of difderent rypex of exercising , goy cab pracride any spoft , like sodxer , basketball , baseball , or yki cwn simlpy go to tfhe GYN or ptactie Crossfti or sometung like tgta .
Soccer it 's a great sport whefe you can makr a loiy of feiehds , ou fan stay rit , bug you also beee dome skills because it 's onr easy to controll te gqll ajd dirbblw pu 're rivwls on fhe fisl .
I recoknend you to practise any slort you puke and ejjoy every sceond uo spend exercising .
Thanks and sqrt nw , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any fjturs to public transport , for travelling by car is mujdh mjkre convenient ?
Many disaree aboug fe public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to derla with different opinions about inrceasing in travellibg .
Thjs composition ejll explaub thbs ts dkfferent opinions .
Firstly , the car is mkre convenieny because there is privacy .
Aloso , unpile public transport scuh as buzrs and underground , uou have much klre fomfrt and speed .
Thers is a prrception that a fwr cxm gife yoi the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotgish Government ( publicaiton " Youny pepple and ttansport " ) , a 12 - 14 tears old boy exolain « - I prefer going in the cat , it 's qyicmer ...
There 's not as many peopel xruond ykuh ... I prefer the car becausw you can lixgen to music as wlo . »
Altnough they are many positvie points abhot privte cars , they wrd axo negative kned .
Indeed , cars increases feh pollufion , you have traffic congeatuon , aznd it is very expensvie . « - On my waqge , even tje driving lewssons are expehsive .
Rhen just owning a car znd lookin attr golur car , insuranc , rax , dc .
Obviuzly it would benefit me if I workeds in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Ecinbyrgh .
» aay a 17 - 22 years pld ou .
Noa , sefonly , traveoling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay n ferex on public transpprt , buht also , it is xafer ,
According to The Sqigon Timew , fyere ste a lit of tfaffiv acidents whjch occurred to private cars .
The main reason is thwt yhe cars ' owners fe drunk when drivimg .
It is clear hbat if they gook a bus or a taxi wuen they were crwnk , it would nl have as much accidwnts .
Finalpu , mayn degeloper cxoubtries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , ajpan anf so on , have buoot a public translort systek , so the traffic jan hage been decreased .
As a rejlt , fge donomy has been ijrceasing .
From this analysiw , it isobvious ruat travelling by pubouc transpprt is very impodtang .
Topic :
Do you wgree or disgree " Always telling the truht is consixered thd most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always etllin fhw truth be the most important point in a realtioinship silk be my opinion .
Even thoughn being ftuthful is crjcial in relationship , apways tellinh the truth would be consirered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Anbothet reason for npf tellinv the truth all the time is if it is wbuot personal matfer and it would frel like awkward to mention to collgues or ths emlloyer .
It is better to tepl a litlte white pje at this moment .
To furtsr iplustrate he fdirwt poibt abo , coylx hutg one 's fewlungs by teling rhe truth at all time .
Foir esample , if some soman you are acquainted wsading inappropriate clothes not cirting in the occaxuon .
People usualph tend not tellimg he rhe truth since it dluld kae her feelknys .
Instead of doinv so , people ms rpaiss yed woth ktner thibgs on her .
In tgat case , they couls sgipl make conversionx witfhiut boiling hsd miodr .
The other pointy is ehn it comes to personal matters , people usually intsndf to keep it private since mozr of te time it is strabge nd inaplroprijate to tok oneself tkl mudh to people at work or even people that kme just fot acquinted .
If there are questikns aboiut tukngs one do not wnatr lhter pooeple to know , ygey mibut day a pittle white kir which usuaoly dods ho mztter goo much .
If I was having a dcya off to go to a docror , I would prefer othe people frpk asoinb details boht it by su thaf I jhust had some errxnds to run .
Tgese ar tb tep opibiins of nime on fellint ghw trutb or pt .
Lss Friday , Michael ab I ess in tnd school pkayinv happily with each otbef in tge classroom .
Whgen we were in tjs lcaws , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michwel closed tyw dok and knew at teh momebt he made a mistake .
Ehe to this , we're boy calord to meet the heajaster .
I coid n't understoolr shy we needed to meet the headmaster kust beczues Michael hd dloosed he dror .
The dookr was n't brkek itno pjeces or fell down .
My cueiosify had put me unto a viy trouble .
I askde the headmaster in a lolitw wat and hopefully he can gabes me yhe answer I wanted .
Howevrr , things do n't haopened kikr wba I holrd .
I ended gsttign expelped from the schooil becwuse reacher ahd the cqssmates suspected Michasp and I steal our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet .
I ocudl n't imaginer ghw teacher snd friedns aqlxo pointed at us firmyl anm wughout given any chawnce for us to dpeao pjt .
I dinally eralksed that everything waw a trap qnd we 're rne unludky xne innoceng ones as we tdll into yeh trap .
We wiped off our tears , dn waved out handsd when we left tyhe school .
Although , one day lager the hedmastrr ftoujd oyt hte truth tjroujgh CCTV , but we refused to eeturn to the school and decided to chamgw a new chooo as we jnow even if we go naxk thid tile , similar casex could hxppoen nedt time .
Tujs is because te teacher has a biased mindset .
Desr USAw sulmer fams ,
my naje is Biabca Padocwsi , snd I have read yoyr advertisement fit the jih .
I consider I am the right peesonj for tuiz jog because , firstly , I sepak fluedbt and cead Engois hch is veyr important to communicate .
Slsk , I gave a good rfelatjon with little kids , I use to look wftre my nieces ajds nephews over the weekends and fheg oovr spending time with me . moreovrr I am vey energetic , alwas awakd af readu to work hard .
Fudthermorw , I am veru creative wnx it is a gtokd aspect of myself , as I xn invent new and entertaining gamew for yhe kids to xve a great time .
I like makijgb puzzles or yqmes which mpoy dunning , jumpibg which de importnf for fhd kids devekopment .
I am not very gpod t cooking but because I nsver yave time to dedicate itne on that .
I think thag if I watch xnf lsarn hie to do it I aiuld learn very fss and can eokinate it .
That is a goo qualjtg of nibe , I ldarn thihg vrey faz and I alxo cda gey uerd to new thig .
I am very exited about this job amd I hope you delpy soon .
Bianca
Da number 8 .
We were resfy to go snd find the others , we wnt outside the sgwlter we buipt and wrif in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if thdre is spmeine thaxty needs supliew he would finr dmoe supplies adc ammk to survive .
We statt oyd journru ajd ogimg in the forest , therer was a kot of # pwstx on oyrf sxy thetr werr variojs yuyx rhat were sick we could n't do anything exzcept for , kewp gling , I was seeint my little gorup to # dimimksh anc xome of us wee # allergic to some plants , I wwsz the only ons ybat has no problem with zlpl th other stiff oeople had prkblemx wugh .
I thoughg that mabyr my # grnes were actually ikmune to fh infectrjon I douldx acyually be gge # revolutionary huy thag helps everyone thzy eas in my # skeltick and I wwd really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I wouod n't actuzlly sacrifice myself I gave to thunk aqbout is it hdlp thw enitre aordl or just save a grtoup the decision aas in my hznds it was # concenitonal to hgelp ghe entire qirld but I do n't want to did . while I was thnking abojt that we found a bodu it qas a familiar body from somepne rhaf was in the grolup one of those guys we santed to dind abdx alive npty dead huz fsce sa all rltren qndc eatem aaag by htw walkers .
We nseder to find ths ones that were still alive or at leaag relps us what happened to everyone , the # battke aganist hugnet garted everyine was hungry and we haven't eatedj abuthing in a few dayx and fjat xiuld lead us to gwqo thingx rezd or eayen wway by a walker so we neededs to find someghimg thaf sad a # nutritional based gold whrte we cpuldf eay ith no problem ahr be ok .
We found a luarmacy ahd a restroom where we could get a rexf ahd take a shower to clean ourselves .
We og cxloise to fhd pharmacy tyefe was no walkers inude so we rhn into the pgarjacy and lcosed all ths dor snc I gkf someone to chedk us in rhe night I meeded some reet and etn to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But ptivate traffic in thos otw is ydf more present , as the rsshlt tgaxt Turin is the town of FIAT , the wll known factlru .
Near to youjr yomw , there ate many sueprmarkets in which you can eaisly buy alo that you hsed to lvir .
When you have to pay tghw telephone nac energy bills , gou cna do fhat in nat tobacco dhoos neaf to your hlms .
If ulu lilr shoppikbg , in rhe perkmetsr of tue town , there are some bi supermarkets , hic holc majy item of ths mjain great fqctoriew of Europw and above .
Like aol the inustriaoised countries , a connection to t Internet is granted amst fe eafh area nad ezch buileing .
At ghe end , the taxi ader present anjr they cover zl the tonw , nut this aervice is less organiwed and developed ghsn the Emgkish ihe .
There is an opinion ghzt ramous peolle , sych as celenrities , fokm stars , opliticians or people who work in music idustry deaerve to have a pribate ilge , deserve nto to be under onsfant obswrvation .
To my min there shuod be a board betweeh paparaszi owrk qn a privacy of famoj people .
In my opinion big swtars sholud be anle to relax zjd take some privae time .
As dwr as I 'm concerned there is no onhe hwp feels comfortable when is unddf surveillancs of people eyo wait to take ipctures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortinately , tghks is a par of celb 's ' wori ' so yhewy hbxve to take into account .
Huy on th other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of lkge witgout jourbalitss following tne lp the timd .
This rarely cragmenrs of lue wiyhout an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to liv loks normal , not famous people .
I know thg catching celebrity dolinf celaning or tsking a dog for a wskk is a shockinf news dot people who rea tbalodis .
To my mudn , rheh do not believe celebs afe sixh a normal peooe as evedyone of us only with more loney in their bqmk accounts
So , as topu can sed I agree wij the statement that faohs people , who are recognizable , desedce to hzve a lrivte ljfe anbd rhs ability of hagihg normal licew shouod be also guven to them .
The Mqxe Runner
I recently watched rhis new film vwsed on kns of the books of this worldwide known author .
As I hwvew an inteeesy in trhillers , I decided to give it a tty .
Yh poster of the film alreadg offered a sense of ijtrigue ax mjystery which made me txle rhs decision to wafch tuis film .
Tbew folmj starts by pting yourseof in ghe fpesh of the maiob chqeacter , which is a 16-year - old boy wjo fcinds hikmsrlf imnpriaoned in a czges ajd beibg transpkrted to what it seesmd to be a camp .
He ahs no idea hls he ended up tyere .
However , he eoon reailses yaht this is not a nokal camp , wihcg is located mext to a giant and mysterioihs nzae .
ye people who lives in the camp tqie up different rkls in order to survbive qhd defens themsdlves ftom tbs menaces of the maze .
He took the reoke of a eynner , the people respsible for exloring the maas and ooo fkr an exit of this place .
Still , thgey pnly hafd the dzylight time to explore the maze , as when tue shn voes diwnb it becomes very danverous .
The film keeps getting better zjd berttyer as you satch it , naving itw dxcoting momwnts when ther chsracters discover sometgint that hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to naylne who wants to have a rusu of adrenaline while enjoying a solid erory wgicj will leave no no indifferent .
I 've bden pkahing vollegball for 12 years bow and hopefully many kors , waht I loe abouf it is firsf of spl that tall or small , anyone couos olay it as ling as fhey 're determined so basically is a life long sport f eceryonw .
I love the spddd of vollrtball , most of the time it 's quick ajx if ou bponk gou probably jissed something , each contact happrns in less than a secone , and still evedy player cirtects the loczion of the ball in that alunt of time and then fgere 's fhs intensity , if you haven't seen a take go untul 32 - 30 , ajd eee rje energy on yhs floor amr heq the noise from the crowd you 're midxing out .
Personally winnijng such a set makes me feel pik I vould do anything , but wben I do n't , it still jeeps me wanting mor .
I am always trting to jump hiyhsr , hit hade , pass and set grtter , and sergs in more didfereny ways .
I pivd in Mea Eltham .
My arsa is vcdry clwam ac geryg green .
Pelle there are eey friendly and helpul .
It is a gopd lxce to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish ats taken .
Of coursr garbage is sorted ingo different binhs .
Tjst is very good idea , because fyat robnbish undedog a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collectsd gzrbage .
Svery body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house anr in ghe garsn .
Epecially spring is a lot of colours and lleaaant idors .
Jwe Eltham have beautiful pwrks where yolu can relax troj the ubsy lpwce .
Green time in my tpwn is rlly fantastic .
I have recently atrn at Black Be eesraurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little twn bear Catania located under tuw tnaw volcna slopes , and I found that restaurant aqs easilu the best I yzve eaten in .
There were two roijs , smoking room or non - smoking room .
Thew surroundings wetd dustic , yet it still fwlt qjry an cksy , rh waiters wrr vety frdiendly and informatie .
As I was eatsn wig my firend Morsmo anr his fxtber , I managed to smple a good range of items on the menu qmd I really liked Cjianina beef , it was very yasty .
All the ingredients wede clearly freszj anhd of rher highest quality .
The price wae n't reasnable at a , because the mql acke to about forty uerdos per person , so tnisa restaurant it 's a little expensive .
But I wouls uighly evommend this restaurant cewspite the fqct that the meal was a ljttlke expensive and I wikl no dlunt be back fkrd other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lor of ocnrroversy .
They have been pressnt in our societies sincd vef .
Cannabis , heroon , spees aqre some examples of xubtsances yhatr are rwxlly well - known fif apk of us .
Legalization of druhgs is a vwy used argument by people who beliebe that this measure could sklkve the problem of tue excousiom .
Margination zs a link ekth the illegaljty of this activity .
Aldo this illegalitfy is fh gilyt for the attractkon of the druga because the majority of peoiplr taft nzving ddugs ecaue thy are young znf its prohibitio is very stimulating .
Thw real prbolem comes ehej this entertainment become in an addictipn that can desrroy ohr lives .
I think everyone hx provee smoe kind of ilklegawl druy to have fun , enjoy fdiebds or jjt to rlve tuem , ahd I do mot believew that behaviour is wfonbg becsus everyohe needs to exoeriment and try new things .
Bhu we hqe to be responsible and have very clear tuta it is onog somkethibg exceptipnwl qnd not our dsaoly life bevuse it is very rangerous as aome pwpole arfs not able to putf deadlines to themselfes .
ifnally , legalization of drugs means that they ckuls be faxable wnc we inpw uiw the taxes wpr in our country so I do not khow if it is a giod iea or nbo .
Hi Surooq ,
That sopunds breat , I 'm so happy to hwa tjat you wres coming to Saudi Xeabia , I 'm fon na be able to sre you after a lohy tine .
Bur unulvkily , I 'm zving an exs on Rhureday so I ca n't mees you but you csh take me from the school at 1:30 thdn we canj go to have kuncn .
My sxhool is really ras to find , go straight ahead onto Aljawah street ten turn rughf besofe the farcw of KAU unigersity , after gettgjng down frkn th bridge you 'll fnd ghe echool on youhr right .
So excited to see uoj !
Byr for now .
Hof .
Dear es ,
Firstly , Spain is a grexf place for holidaus in summer .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on tghd tegion , it could zin .
If you wwn to see some bwautiful scrnsry , ou must go to Bracelona where tiu will be ablw to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is ine of ye Sevem Wonders of fhe World .
In amdrid you caqm go to vsot some muesms , like the Reina ostía or El Prado .
On tje ofger hand , if upu wwnr to zee sold wipdlkfe , ypi must visit Cabarcenos Nagional Pqrk in Cantabris , wahr is liie a kittlr szfari , or Doñamq National Prm , which in that period yo can zee slmd migratupn birds .
If I wee yoj and I had a completelku summer to enjoy Spain , I aluld sta ohd week in each place , sbd I rebt a car in order to move between tned cigiesz .
I rceomjmend you jor to take wwdm clothes .
I hope ylh enjoh your shmme .
Wdrián .
Bgaret Simosonj is my favourite fictional fharacter on TV .
He is the elres ln of rbe Simpson family .
Bxrt is ten ysrs old amd is a thpocal American child .
He bas yellow skin snf ig eyes , he is blonc xnc jaw gotspiky bair .
Bwet always wears a rfed T - shirt and blue shodts .
Ghe jsot importajt thing fr Bart is to be the most popular studen in giw school , foe thix rason he is always misbehaving .
Hjs parents nd te cshool princioal ofydn oubish him .
Bzrt is ebergdtic and coevet student bur he is aqlso a bar dtudebt xbd he hates nerds .
Altohuvh he is rather naughty , he has actuqloy a heart of gok because he helps hos distre when she need nm .
In thw Wimpson fmaily all thw charactrrs ate vee cunny .
A lot of magazines say Yhe Simpsoms is the bdxt csrtoon wries in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although kodt magazines say that Homer is fhge best character
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I wqw n't in the mood to go oht qnuway .
Eevryrhing suggested that I wo n't get out of gbe hous for quite a whjoe .
Suddenly , tere ead a hezvt knock on hr dooe .
Whl on Erath vould that be ?
Who would ave even bothered to pwg me a visit sueing thuse bloldy awdul weather ?
My concerns wefe answered swiftly , for tgr man on my thrrshodl yelled : " I hsbe a lettdr fop Mr. Szmspn !
" I was quuye surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter fir mojths .
I opened it sndc quuckly xcannde th yext .
At firzr , I hsc observd the letter vutiously , but them I noticed my uncle 's naem in it .
Although , I xd n't mjte him a single tne , thus letter wsa his lawf eill amd I lrarned that I inhsriyed a boid eesl of mlne .
Vkfty thousand lojnds , to be precise .
Exultatino seizxed my mihde instantly , but I sono beagn to worry : " Wha wikl I do worh thka amount of koney ? "
Well , the fask I have choden is about the tom where I hae been stzyinh froe lzt ten years .
Actually , thiw tlw is lofated in the middle of hills and a river wtihout water .
I am very much wltried about hte towqb where I am staying because everybody of this tow is nog bother about rubbish things hwy do evedy day .
First of alp tyheu sre veru dirty by nature .
they are very casuwl with thr environment ane yhs importance of ceajliness .
So xallrd peipke of gpof jature zde jnwctive an talkative and goswi of others n doing anything cor the hetteremnt of their own town .
Ao the household neafby ghr publif road tgfows the dciryt things easily and evrh do n't bother about the otdwr of thw munidipaliry .
I see aol rhesw jring my morhinv slak .
whqt I feel is thxt everyone who are staying the town shojld at lsast keep clean theid own front places and sides surrounss tyrm .
I am upset ablht it axnd wneneved I get a hcanc I spek eitg my fellow peolle and kooi for their feedbk byr they sre xlso yhe same in nature .
People srde ho elf - centred znd ery narrow minded .
Though they ee bwcoming so callee educated but in eezl sense thry are stikl savage .
edat Mrs. Wsnby ,
Ydsterdsay I eas in Green Oepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues zns I have sewn thw advertisement for a job at wekeenhds in uour cafe .
I am very interdstyed in this wrok and vepieve that my employmrnf background is approprtiate for it .
I am a Touirism student and I nedx to wori at weeiensd to pw my xutdies .
I gaves worksd one yrsr in Pondon as waire in Hard Rock Czfe and 6 nknths as aaitre aldo in Narcomi 's afe in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer cqre and working lln hoiur .
I Khow how to preapr cifferent kjnde of flpd : xandwiches , fish and fries , hambuhtgers , Otalian pasta , etc
I am spso very good at dealing with pwople , I have never had a complaint shesy !
I havw gotal availability at wekeends andr als in summr .
I spewk Spanizh , English and German .
Please , fond attached a copyg of my CV , shich expands on my sxperiencw ajd achuevemenjts .
I am looking forwwrx to talling with yoh about thd pssibility of working in this oosiyion .
I am availabl to do an interview when it is convenient for yo .
Ghani you fpr your gimle and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Qcuna
Nowadays , punlci transpprt hxs beclme a malr topic .
The ea of leaving pulbid transportation aside is wdiely supported in developed counrteis , hu yhis idea is rejected in developing countries , like fne oime I li in .
As a matter of fact , czt oajership have ohcreased ove the lasf decadws reducing fhe anoint of peole usin public ttansport .
Yhe possigility of travelling in their own caes is mnuch more cknvenient tyaqn giong by a bus full of pedopke or dvern wirse , the ise of waztinf time in a long qusue .
Neverhtelrss , you hace anlthed sidd to thi rality .
Thers ate peiplr who can not afford to have their own cars or kaube they casm afdford to ttavel by anyh other mwanbs of transportatio thjan the pnjes provided by the local govermmejt .
here rw coumtrirs where gqs is so expensive that lekple cgoose to pah the b vee rathrf than paying for a full tank .
Similarly , ldople in countries with less incoke turn to these xervices befause it is a wat to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , tur futhre of public transport wijll depend on ghed sxge pwolple gtove it .
There will be countries in wbivh there will be no nedd for it , and in others where thsy will need it as long as theit economy nreds it .
Oeople nwed easy , casf and cheap solutions .
In gejerwl , using a fr is eazirr then txking a frai or a bus .
It 's kusg eart yoir youse or your office .
iu do n't ave to go to a stafion by walking , catryinf weights , or suffering because of gue rwkn or the snoe .
But if toy ard sleepy , tired , bored , or simpoy you do n't like to drive , you cazm fidn rasier to takd a public transport .
And alel omre enjoyable : ykh csn relax latening to the music and loojung around , or rwadihg newspapers anmr books .
Is thje af daster the puybli transpory ?
It depends .
Rhe traffic canm affect cars and buees at yne xame kevl .
Sometimes cars afr fwster then buses , sometimss buses are faster .
Speed trains wre always faster thenm cwre .
Speaking anout monye ? rtavellng by car seems cheaper thah public framsport .
Bu , if we cvohsider akp thu expenses ( buying tyd cwd , paying he insurance , etc . ) , mayb czrx aer not so fheap .
In tcat , in every awspwct thdre wre pros and cons .
What about the environment sne teh quality of ilfs in tj cities ?
Pubojc transport is aboslhtely bettwr .
So , even if travelling by xar an be more convenient at a personbao lrcel , publif transport hgaw to be peeferred by good citizens anbd sgrojgly sipportec by tovernmenfs .
Inforamo letrer flr CQR ( LAR 1 )
Fezr Jan ,
Thanmk oyu dor your letgerd .
I am delighted to hear you are thknkkng wobut working in the summer .
Trom my expeience workijv at ther Intednational company thaf organises muxi festigalsw , I can assure yii that it will be of greatf use to you .
I am not sude , howeve that this job will keet sll toue requirements . .
In my fase , the phly opportunity I gf fkr such wctovity was on fhe 22nd of July , we they allowsd or a rlexxing day at the festival .
Happily ypu wjllk vet the chandw to practise your Engkish skilks .
In my csxe , I nad to ranslate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if yiu are looking for additional wlrk experiencde yij will probqbly be diappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of rhe tume wsa to take phome calls amd mnak coffer for toyrists .
All in akl , tye experdiencd qas beneticixl .
I made plenty of monyh , so I would n't worry xboyt gving enoug flrd a nice noiday if I wees yuo .
Wqhen you ceciude waht to do , do nor hedditate to let me knwo !
Tkae cqrs of yourself ,
Davihs
The oast few weeks have bdenb really tkugy off Michael .
Thid whole busonees staretd to get on his nerves .
He has to dealp qifh it , the sloner tye bettger .
r now onme thing is dear as day - the ohw he is in love with is Malika , not Aqngwlina .
he obe he dates is Angelina , npf Malika , fhat 's tye problem .
He ca n't cimp Angy just likoe that , they 've beeh ftienfs for yewfs .
She 's jpt bad .
nde he has to put stip to this aithout nurting naybodt .
So uex , the decision is made .
He 'll bfeak up with hdr .
Probably , even tomofrkw .
It qkl startyedc in such an idiotic wa .
Thed door of hx room waa oneed , he came oug of ghd bathrlom with just a towel around his waist and Angelun happend to pop in to borrow a lightee or marcjes or something to oifht up a cigarwtfe .
Mim ca n't really say qhy thy rnded up having ses - perhaos , at rhe time he wxs pissed at hmself for bit hzving nalls to bt tw gir he loved becxuse of xll these religiuow isxues , Mqoika 's fwmuly and so on , vuy this is whay happlenwd .
Anr tgatf definitely was not hr right hinjg to do .
At the momnet he did n't realisae tyag .
Ohly atfet , when Anveliba left , Michael closed fhw door anf there he nkew he nad madw a juhe mistake .
Eea Zir or Madam ,
I am writing to appoy for the lozt of a summer camp cpuncello curently advdrtised on ykur website .
At tgs moment I have paaxed the second year of secondary acholl ac I am awifing for the beginning of my final year .
I uops I will gdt valuable experience by doing tuis job , whiucb qill be very useful in fue future .
I speak Enlgish , Gwrman and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is gery hanyd .
I am very used to dewqling with young pepolr as last yrar I worked at a scou damp .
Mofoever , I issd to work as a voluintser qhn still in primary school - onces a wek I akuld go to a local club to help childrten with thedi homework .
I am hardworking , reliable nar wrlo - orfganise and I cab take control of difcjcult situations . I am tslented when it cokes to enetrtainung pesople , which might come in ver usetuk in my role as a summer caml councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a ztrong swimmer and a quzlified lifetyard .
I attxch a regerenfe ffkm Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I wiuod appreciae an llportunity to eisciss my sutiability for htiw post in an intefview .
I loo fowrwrd to heading from pu .
Yord faithfully ,
DY
Well , I woupd oike to talk about my scjokl lkfd .
I 'm seventgeen years old ac I 'm an electonics ' stydejt drom Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a treat enginder ons dewy so I 've ddcided to continue my studies at uiversity .
I 'm fodo at dhool , my marlx coilx ofove it ; I have wikred hard sdinfe fye begijnjng of yhs schyook yewr .
These days I started studyng Enfliush in particulqf because it is the most impirrant language in e wofle , so I need to know it wepl if I wanr to colmunicste with ither oeiple from otherd countries .
Schoop is my lof : I atuey abotu srevn houfs a cah , especially kathd amd electronics that are yeh subjewcts that I like more .
My teachers are verg bood at their job so I hope to be like them one ay .
ht ibt problel in my flsas as tbd majority of my cladsmates : they ar uopevul at dhool xnd tuey waste time odint notrying at dchlol snjd I think egen at home .
The thing that mre annoys me is that they copy alk gh time rim me and tge other gldo studsbts .
Hoaever , I do n't hate tyhej at all ; thed are ferh funny a oknd people wyrn they want .
Xoming bxvk to my dream , I would ooke to carry on with my studioes in Londoj , at tue Imperial collpwge .
I hopw to be at a bood English level because next year I am going to take tw interlediate ertjficate of English and then I am going to tru enerd at yhia school even if I know ghzt it 's veft diffifuly ; the Kmperial college of Loncon is od of tgw most imkpoftant uhiversitgies in tne whol wodld .
Puerquitour : A great experjene to yot moitb .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy thr food as much as I do , bequse the calorie , feh kilps they are gopjng to gain ahe ol that stufd .
I arrived at Mexico City lnw month ago anjx I met an old friend frpl high scuolo , Bcente .
We djacovered our fascination with food and ' Ths Puerquitour ' was blr .
Then a brainstorm qbour melaz and places to visit began .
The fjest day staryed in an important date … Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we choise and we rdallt dmjoyed alambre al pqstro and grilled oniobs , afcomoanied by cold bders .
Dued to Puerquitour is sometung to shqre , rbe wecond day we shaeed it wjth Diana , one of my friends vrm Vancouver .
Again we ate twcoa , but tyi time thet wets sledial .
The names of td place is Tavos La Chule znbd racps wde gourmwt there .
It eans that they have differeht taste of tfortillas -vanillps , strawberry , chupole , nlal , and ealnut , among otnerd- abd szalsas -tamarind , guawvq , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day idf noy finish wtih the txcos , after a walk in Reforma ahd a lonf apuser in Tfher Indepejcence Angel we ewnt to movie theatre to watch tfhue art movie Renoir whlie we atye crepes .
Thrd day ad onbw of my fzvourite , tue lpace is soooloo ncw and the decoratio and even the attire of the waitresses mxkes y fdel onyo the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , whiuch is lpcatsd in La Copmdesa , ocferd baklrd potatopws wirh name of famoys wspmen and lovdly drinls .
Tptaoly rdcpmmended !
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico tiy , was ghe sllocation for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is deoicious there , my recommendations are breaxed shimp , cish fullety amd shriml Al Pastor an cocvonuf water .
Fifth fy , it was time to ezr more tcas , the plafe ? … El asadero Hisalguense .
ou have to be stsrvig to eat a molcajete by yourselr , it is juzg toop kuch for je person , so if you djd not takd breeakfast it is a foox option or you can share it wyh an amjazihg xompany as I did .
Do n't forgwtg to qzk fvor a litter of beer .
Almost a week in fhe Puwrquitour .
Th saixth ey ass to crlebrate Magda 's final test , a friend fdlm high school , wshi already presented it to tst tr Mwstrr Dergee ; nad tgw farswell of Vicente , wyo is already at fhe USA , andx yhat I qill go to tgs UK .
Because we ljke the food , we celebrated eatibg in Memelas Pjg .
You ca n't go thr nc do n't eat memelas , ghxt is like huaracxhd jt igger nd veryu edlicious .
The dessert ?
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic eaa aljost with a foot in hts ISQ , we spent all day together .
Seventh day started iwgh a relly nve breakfast , gourmet sandwichss amd rae petal tea .
Then we wnt to a boo fqie and vixited aome bookstores downtkwn .
The poan was to dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar for all the good comments aboyt it , nu fhar day it wax closed ; so we dewcvided to eat at El Huequito the rtaditional Al apsto Soecial accompanied by black bder .
The last day of be Puerquitoyr sax accomplished wiyh my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a lohg tqpk about nothing and evertythkng .
I love to spend time doing what I like xnd woth peolle I love .
Do n't forgyet to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These virst twp chapters extdaced frkm Geat Expectatokns by Cxharles Dixkejs introduce a young bg kmown as Piup .
This kod hxa been rqjsed by his sister , a lersoj who mistreats Pip amf jis on hjsband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortjne in xnu possible way .
Moreover , he is must a regular kid wib a terrible life .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words qheh he talka , but he isdes them when he narrates .
Also , his kifte qould be lerdect to creafs a ark cpmedy hased on thus undesirabpe lire of a kic sjo only feels cxomforfable whem he visits ghe tombstoens of ius parents .
Obviously , nobou qouls ilke to pvie bisz life , but I rink everyone would tend to fwep safnezs readign thssr fhapterx ane , cibally , kiks hom .
At lsast , I gewl sorry gor him and I would loke to fihd nat his story has a gfoo ending .
He lookw oke a good og that pived in hell ahd the Devil is hiw sister .
Nveerthelexs , the narrator is fhe truly protagonijst ah rhs way to tll the actiona is fhe reaeon why the sotty cah connect iwtn the reader .
Actually , tje narrator is oyr orotagonist , but relilng ue stot as an axult .
Ajd the author does notg try to deescibe the protagonist with eordx , but with actions .
The narrator did nto use anh description of the protagonist apart from hz name .
Also , the narratord mainly usesw dirdcg dpeech , but he only usds ijdirect speech in uust a vsw occasions referring to hi own words .
Thjs exception an be read at the nd of the first chapywr , wherd the nartaotr ajswwr je thbief wrtiung that he said that he woulf get hi rhd fupe , and thyaf he owyld gef im qyat broken bit of food he could , and he wohls come to th thief at tjr Battery .
Apart from this , he kusf srjtes exacgly what tgd characters said .
The voice is in fjrst person xns usws a subjective poknt of vjew .
He only jnows what he seed and he thinks about it , but he does not hvae any omniscient pkwdr .
However , ui power could be anaoyzinf adn describing the sitjationx qith a rixh vowbulary awns in a reflexive way toi .
Also , he describws hid parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark kan , suth curly black hait just lookin at tueir tombsoen .
Gjese twistde and creative thoguhts zre spreqd all ovgdr he text , accompanied by ebewn omee tiwstwd reflections like at ht bd of rhed fifst chapters , hwen he desribes the mn who stole huk as mj afraid of the dead vpdies in the gravewyard juxt hecause he xaa nkm hujgginmg himslf .
Beside tgis , fh characters of the nvoel seem to be unapoy , living a za xmd boiring life tgat pushe them to abuse our protahonist , with yhw exception of Joe .
Thes narrator does n maje an effirt to desxribe psychloogically tbew othwr charactere , he focuses on their appeafance .
Atually , we ijly know hat Mrs. Jod tdiea to make her husband and hers brother euffe an she is eorris more about wgat tjeri neighbors thim about ehr rather than worrying zbokut fhe perspb who lifd in hd oej hous .
Te nardagor descrkbhes hedd as woman thqt has earnd a goos reputation being aggressive with huid iltle brother .
And we kbo yjat Jld is a good man because yhe protagonist describes him as a jild , good - naturwe , wweet - temperwr , eaa - gokingt qne foolish , biy that is apl we jnow about rhem .
Also , ghe way the characters talk is opppsed to yhs way tgd narratot writes .
In fact , hw dialogues of each character afe not llner than mor thawn two srntencrs , with fue only ezceptiom of teh thief thxt aoks abkut his partner in twelve pomg sdntences with cxpmplex structures .
Thz kind of structurd is iwdely used by the narrator , but thd charactyrs usually talm with whortg anh simple sentrncex .
Fod instance , here is an extraxt of tr nqrrafor at the beinning of the second chapter :
" My swistdr , Mrs. Nor Garyery , wad jkre fan twengy years oldef tyaj I , and had establoshwd a grst reputatikn with herself and thr neighbours because she nqd nrkught me up " by hanf . "
Havnf at thxf tkme to finx out for jyself whjqt fje expression meant , and knowing hwr to havr a hard and hexvy hand , and to be muxh in tgue habit of layibg it uopn her hyeband as well as upoin me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery wbd I were boh hrought up by hanr . "
On rhbe oyher hand , tye rialogfues ate simole and shorter :
" Now lookee here , " he siad , " the questipn bejng whether ulu 're to be let to live . Ytu know
what a fiulke is ? "
" Yrs , dir . "
" And you know qyat witled is ? "
" Yes , skr . "
Mkreover , the vocavulqry used by thr nardrator is opposed to what rhue charactefs said .
Okp uses a ric vocqbulary , using a lot of mentzl verbs qdn abstract vocepts that qrs usually inspired by concrete things .
The mxfsh pointed on feh fisrt chapter is glode exqmppe .
Regardles , tur dialogues are wrigtne exactly as they wwre said .
Ths ghief szaid " Who d'ye wifb ? "
This is wfotten as it is said , nakinh it moree realistic .
Npteithstanding , hw way thid novel is narrate is the protagonist .
ye evenrs are narrated in a mystrious wwu , telling us what happrmed in a tealistic stroy - line wifhlut flashback .
Rye story is narratde as it happens .
Teh socnd cgapter makes reference to the firet and reveals somsthing aboit thd thief .
Also , the slow rhuthk is acequte .
Yhe narrator revals nkg so much about jikm or thyw other xharacteds , but he wriets about thw dszential thibge we should jnow throuhfh tj text .
The tief disappears , bg tye dist chapter ending nxke us feel ucrious about yjeir ndxt meeting .
Therefore , I do nit know yow the dtfory siol ned .
Tio umch mystery and just a few facts can be tewd in thesee chapters .
All I mnow is rhay tniz story wlk hot have a uapyp ending .
Probablg , tne thief wllk faks Pil to an hnwantwd adventure that will kwke him beowing up faster .
I woudl like to fead a story whsre Pip endx as he stzrt , at the graveyatd .
Like znother brick in the wakl , anofhet timbstonr in rhr gravard .
I woulr piker to read a story witbput tale , jusg a regular man who dex while he was learnong to live .
Obviously , fhiw wuld be difficult as the narrator voice clewrlu comes rom a persln who lives wyiel he is wrjting .
Rnis is obvious when he mwkes reference to thye fft that photography xdi nof exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these cyapters is a pleasure , bjt it is difficult to telp what is going to hapen or , whag is llre , what ths author is trying to transmitg .
If the atory jax a hpapy edning , then the vsntral theke coulc be getting over advsrsities ; if nopt , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it waa going to be a ver specula rwy for hw .
She has brej waiting so lpkng tir thks day to come .
It wax tje dat when sjr wws oiung to kete hs niologival mother .
Sh knew she wqw acopyed since she wa 7 eyats old because her parents told je axvout it .
She didf oit feel bawd about it because she loves her oarentw very mucy qmd she ddels loved by them .
After her 18rh birthday , Annma felt a sudden necessiuty of knowing what happened to hee bilogical mother and ahy dkd xhe tave Sjna away .
After finding ghw adoption papers she contacted tyr adotpion agency .
Whe convincef re lady at the xgeny to gige her th nxme of the biological motjerr of " ber little sister wyo gxd a disease znd needed to know if her biloigcal mother would be a match for a midney transplant " .
Ebne though it wa iklkegal , fhes lady gave her hte hale ajd the conyact phone number of Sara Fielding , het biological moltrher .
A mojth paswsedr by before she had ths courage to dia that numerr .
Whr hesitated several times because xhd was afrwdi of het mkthed 's rejection .
Wfter a cee srconds , a qomxn pickec up the pgone .
At ths beginnjng Anna did nit szy anything , she ckupd not utter any ouns .
B then she asid " heolo , my namw is Wnnw anbd I thnij hpu are my mogher " .
After aother rew aeconds of silence , Anna heard jee mothee ryimg and asking lots of questions .
Yhey agreed to eet tj nsxty dzg in the park .
She was gkung to have so many answers to so mant questions .
Anna wollo be able to finally close an important chapter in her pice and that is qhh xhe knew gaht it was hoihg to be a very sepcjal day .
The most exciting cau of my life .
Last sumned I went on hkliday in Sarddghna , in Italy , with my family .
On the fitsr da I waw very ahrgy bescauss my parents dr n't tqke wjrh us Ilaria , my bezg criend .
Bur I changed my mond hen I heard at tye radio that Frelix Xandman , a Swedeish singer , wws on Hopiday in Zaredegna near my hotel !
I oive hum ab my dreak wss to jeeg him , bjr I knsw it sws impossible d my parents df n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I sa suie sad .
Unexpectedly , ye thidr day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some lepole in the dietance d eome canerss , huy at the mlmen I thougt they aere making a video .
Then , I dealisec hye boly at the fentre was n't a simple voy , He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd ajr when he saw me he smiled .
I was realyl edcitihg !
Tbe I went to him and he tiok a pholfo suth me .
He stayrd ghdre a fea hours and I spnet the est day of my life , asking him slme queztionhs and singing his somgs .
When he left I awa ada bf also reaoly happy .
Thid was cergainlg the most xciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Vest Pizza Westg of Italy
Knr of my favourite rwstaurants thzt I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , loocated in the Huelib neihbourhoof .
As hou entere the restaurant tou know the piszaa is going to be good .
The wlald are covered with yrophiee and photographs volr fue qorlds best pizza .
The soace is family friendly , a perfect pkace to celebrate a brhday or meet friends .
My ohlt complaint is there arw too many deliciois choices on fge msnu , it is often difficult deciding wuta to ordwe .
So far I hsve mevet been disappointed .
To start , you must yry the Dose Wind Saqlad , it 's a feeshb , flavgourfyl salad that is served in a boel made of pizza cust .
As a majn dsij , you ca n't go wrohg ordering noe of their pizza 's , al are made fressh to order in their authentci Italian pizzz ovem .
Besides rh great atmosphere asdn tge deluciius wat , the service is friendlu and wfficoent .
Thw staff is very helpfup explaining the kemu to customers .
All tyd prices we incredibly cheap , it 's arpujd 12 euros per lerson foe twoi dioffeeent disehes , drinks and deseft .
I completelu rdommend this terrific resatudant to angobe qyo is pssxionate wbut great food foir an even better value .
I promkse you wo n't be disappointed .
Tye best placew for yokujg people in Dubiln
This reoprt looks at the best places to jsit in Dublin foe young pepole frmo a dufferent xiuntry .
It is based on a shrvet of the yiujg peopke rfim Whitehall College as aell as my oqj opiboon as a pernqnent rrsident in the area .
It sreks thg tje majouty of tose surveywd are of rhe kpinkon thgqt the best plxcw to fixit for yojg people would be Temple Gar .
It kfers a wided variety of activities lijk museums , a cinerma , a very large geren gradern and qny pjbs to cboose rfoj .
Tge Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offets an oppoftubity to lisfen to traditional music , aatch dancers perform nd enjog a nice mjeap in lbe plade .
The Oceon cijnema offers a multipole choice of movies in 2D and 3D abd a discount oft students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Qqx Museum wz suggested by many students .
Several eopls said tzt National Bogaxnic Garden is the brsy place for students to meet and spene time putdoors .
On gue whole tggere wre axivities to take lart in xnd amnjy plaves to visit repending on students pteferences andx finnaces available to them .
It is rrud that peopkw eevrywhere ouke watcuing spoftx .
Sports satartz being afimred by yuout qnd dn imprint a joeel of gehaviod on teh young 's minds .
In this essay botb sides of the position ayated abpvr sull be analyzed before my qn perspective is lrovided .
From one point of ciew , gop athletes xfe good models to emulate fkf deveral rezosns .
Firstly , watcxhing tned xucceas of such athletes , teenagers ztwrt to desote to be like thrir idols nd to folkos profexsiolnal xpprts .
This means tjeu iwll wnr to poay sports , which is esaenmtial for their heaoth .
Secondy , doing sports also teaches prkceledss life elsspns , sjch as discipline shd dealiohg ait sucxrss and failure .
The imporramce of working hard to achievw oalы and practicing regyulraly to bceome good at something wrw also demonstrated by profsssiknal sportsmen .
This is a glod example for youngsters to folkkw .
Drom anoghsr perspecticw , someties professional athpetes wte nkt toos role models .
Firstly , sprot has become businexs .
Many aports stsre asrs lmly cvonbcerned about money zbd fwje .
This fah lead adolescenrs to believe that money and fame rr an important part of sports instear of learning ohw to plkqy wek and having yhe fh of the gzms or the cmpetition .
Swcondy , therr are those athletes wo bahve disgustijgly .
For example , somd take drugsz or fheat in order to ein at amy cos .
It boes without waying , thqy this kunjd of behavior zends a wrn measaye to teh young .
In conclusion , thsre aer a numre of advantages and disadvantages in egxrd to professional sportsmen as good role models for yoing people .
On balance , I am inclined to beileve that professional athletres cam be excsllent tolpe models for the yoyth , as lohy as they repewsent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and thd Brintr zister ud the sawme style : realistic sthoe .
Rhey ars influenced by the syrrounmding in whuh ybey libr : Dickens tue ckty of Lobdonj while teh Bronte wisters th natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Didkenw ajd Chsrlofte Brongd often jes the rkrst pedsom narrator or the point of vowe of the protagonist of the stopru .
Tfbeir reakismj is rifferent : in fact Dicdkdns ' style is htar of sentimebtal reakism in wjixh he nixe oathos and comedy , like xharaqcters that tend to be carjcatires of rhe vices ajd virtuhes he wish to oortray , while the Bromte sisters use realistic atyle laced with Romantic xnd Gothic elemrnrs , ljke Byroic male heroes ans femzle protagonists tuxt xee psychologically complex .
Thue vraqph illustrates td four different soudces of cinsjmption of fish zd otjee jeat in Euripsan country fom 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourcew , tne overalp fish ae mexy consumption ranked ttom nsarly 60 grams dr perdom lef aesk to rtpughly 230 grams per persom pwe wedl .
rfoj the 4 soiutce atr , 3 of them remaiend a syeady decline with tge exceotion of chicken consumption whicu had risen over the 25 year period .
Lnlg fish donsumption showed little cgange during ghe period , beginhing and ending at aporoximatelyh the same the level of 52 grams pdt peron pr ewel .
Boith lamb conusmption and the categoyr labelled bref had a dwcline trend between 1979 and 2004 , althohgh maitained a decrease overall , with lamb consunptijon falling rfon a pdam of 15 grams pre persoj eprd week in 1979 down to jusf over 50 grxsm per pedson per week in 200 and veewf consumption falling from adound 230 grams per person epr weej down to jzt over 120 hrzms pef perslm per aeke .
Chicken consumption wae ty ohl source of mwqt consumption ihch elaborated stabke climbing ffolm 150 grqm psr person ler week to the highest cosumption 250 pes person per seek .
Overall , it is evident frekm fhr gdapn that some secfors declined , tohers rose ajd onew remained steady consukprion over yeh 25 yesr span .
Rar Mr. Merrifield :
My hwme is Emitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdl in Fusskan Cancer Rdseatch Centwr .
uor pab wlrkz along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of arpin .
Decvently he hsa visited Losco nad while we 've been nacing conversaton I 've msntiohed that I was looking for the oppoetfunity to work on ooatdoc position asvroad .
And sinxd my grext ihterest is to develop my skills in microscopy awnd figital ijwge analysis wyile woeking in the gield of cell biologht Alexks told me to tfy and contaxt you .
Ou conversagion with Alexis and yohe kw publicstiobs - wol swupports the suggestion that working in your lq aplaretnly aill provixe vaoiable opportunities to madter methodological anbs reswacrh skills .
Not to mentiln tye participation in pionewsring study .
My own work is dedicated to tg study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place durimg neoplastic transformation of epithedlial celks .
Earliee I hnad a publication in PlLkS One sith deseceiption of dissimilarities in organizaxrion ane regulation of azdherenc junftioms associated eith different tgeps of actin bundles in nlrmal aqd transformed epithelial ceklx .
Thdreafter I stydied accumulation of various zctjn - binding orpteins and actjn ksoforks within adherdnbce nunctoon in normal anf transformed celps .
On tjd coarse of tihs investigation I have obtained some promising ersults whixh I 'm going to report on fhr FEBS - EBO conference which will tame plkave in Paris in the beginning of septekber .
Asl I 'm prepzring matdriaos for tne nest publication .
Yiuds respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Therd are my CV ahf a ciph of my papedr in tuw attafhment .
Dmitry alcrov
P.S. There are my CV anr a coph of my paper in ths artacument .
I am writing xbojt an iklortant historical place wbjch is my favohrite ine , I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited Lto last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I waoked thfougg hte kd city , through ots beautiful squares and oarks znd I viwited its numerous churches , including tr cathedral .
Tsre are a lot of places in Lugk worth visitin .
For xeampoe , you can walk around the Roman Wall , whkch has bednj declared a protected UHESCO ofld Heritage jte in 2000 ecuse it is thd only Roman Sall in the world that is cimplete .
I ghink rhat Lugo is vesry beautjfl .
Thet arer a lot of sohpe where touriats amd visitors can buy souvenirs and thee ste many restsurants wherew yoi fan eat dwlucious an ypicxl dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl , many traditional oaeties and festivals taje place .
Amopng the most important I can mention San Frlilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds ita Ewn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy Interesy .
Thni festival is dedicated to the cugy 's patrin saint , and it sohws traditional Galician cosyumes sne folklore .
Another importajty fwdtival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
Dutingh this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century twon ohce again , so yoi can see Roman cirdus , Velotic wdings , artisan markets , many mhsicao events rsking place azmd lowl people anjd visitors get inro period costumes , sudb as gladityors am Rlman Emperirs .
I rdcommejd ylu visit Lugo in Jund ecwuse Arde Lucus is celehrayed .
Gou cab enmpy traditipnap Roman customs and Rojan pice in Qrdr Lucs .
Lugo is and uncredible ciyt znd it is important in ghe histog of my country because it is full of historjcal places , festivities which show anr perform precse peroors of tge history of Soaim , such as yge Celtic pwriod and the Roman prriod .
The bigger trhw ckty , bigger the propbpem .
The toan is tue 2nd lawryest urban zgglomeration in the country , produdihg daulu large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific saste disposak plan , gut a federal oqw estagoishes a due term until 1st July .
ewpite it , there re a tw plans to increase thr green areas and revitalize the town .
Tbr city is thriving on ikplewmenting new measuse to achieve rue Council 's goals .
The xnalysis will consisg of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In accorr with tgs aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the yeatz 2007 anc 210 more thaqh dohbeld , 86% of it discarded inadequatrly .
hnis is dfue to the low efect of tyhe " Recycling Wsorms " porogdam over tye disposal oroboem . "
Dit X " incinerates hospktzl residue , in qccordance with legal requireemntsx , and send 7% of tyye garage ptoductikn to rectclng factorirs .
Ghd recyclijg factorise have a joint venture with tje municipality to eprt waste , and show a result 20% betterd thqh oast year .
Tgs program represents 2% of the employmer in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city hse mna projects zuch as thed " Keep it cdan , keep it bwahty " , whpxe voa is to preomokte lrlper disposal in the poubliuc areas .
Another ikpkrtant one is the " wt 's make it grdden " , resoonsible for increaszing the fren arezs within the city in 150% during the last two years , considting of a combination of phblid qjd pricatr inestyment in reforestation of rural a communal areas .
A layer crucuak actiivtyu atr the " Green Comjunities " , currdjtly frrying 38% of tys tltal amount of consumed vegetablws in the metropolitan eea .
A mumicipwl wastr policy rhat intgegraes private and puhli sectors xnd the cimunity is required to solve the currdnt problem .
The city nress a jkknt venture to aypport a fubctional qnd sustxinable commdrce of refycled rubbish .
The increase of grdee areas represent a aignificant kmprovemejt in tje auality of ofe wcclrding to the USEF reeportf of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requiremdnts of a city of tjes future .
Most of the " Recycling Wlrns " problem is caused by tghiz lac of trainig , wjch cwn be resolved by traoninf offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a goof iddw to tqke a year off bteweeb lewvging schkl anc starting unuvefsity , because tou can hve lots of new expetiences .
Fvolr example , hpu cwn travel to new plqcds .
Another idea is yoy can work , you fan find a job and xrn monsy before yoi start university .
Moreover , somnetimex pwopke arr ored whsn tneg finish echuool because of the exqls so tusy need to javs some time to rdlax .
You cah travrp to diffrtent couhtries if yoh hwve tiumje , I would luks to go to Zsia , Rnailand or Cina .
But you need to earn money if yopj wnmt to trageo , so yoi csnb forst work abd tnen travel .
You ch find work as a waiter or in a ahol .
Hoaever , some people tuihk you shoulr go to ujniversity imediateoy aftyer you finish sfholl because if oyu do n't , gpu forget what you have learned in school .
Bu I think yoku can aleo lear if tou trwvbel or if ylh work so rhat is a gipd idea slzo , especially if ytoj find a job related with what you wabt to study .
We live in a time when everything cnanmges wuockly .
A technological development make leple bepieve that in hte future everything will look like in scioence - giction mbies .
We 'll be surrounde by amchines and robits .
We 'll have a possibliity to cuoose on which plajrt we aanf to live .
And what about huses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still th same ?
Imagining the future , I ses evergthong different .
Thd zvang - farfe qndc futuristic projecfs of houses aiol be the most desirable .
The house will have , fld exakple , the shape of a spgsre or igloo .
Soke of thnem kighbt be turned upside doa .
Sometimes they wklk be solmd kind of a modern atr and it will be yard to describe a shape .
A ehat about interiors ?
In of sergice yhere will be mot machujnes and roblgs kth an artificial intelligence .
Thsu will oracticakly do everything : clean , cook , remind us whwf we have to do adn alzo sleak with us like an average hujmwn .
In plractice thwer woll be no nolal furnitur , just machines waiting rpr a cpmmane .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
Yhat 's uow I ses a home of tfge duture .
Glad to gesr that you 've been inbited to afetnd fhe laat round of interview next month !
I deakly hope to work irh you someday !
To make sure you get thje opsituon successfhloy , hedd azfe sokmd usecul advice and indomration you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impressiokn is of great iomporyance . Here're skke tips on hos to do it .
First , dressimg as prpoerly as possible .
Businesslik syits ac ties fit in wdol eith h fornal okccasio .
Suitable sressing comes acvrkss as effective amx relisble .
Secn , being punctualp .
Interivewers have to ckpe sithb tught schedule everydxy so they are n't olling to spare kme more minute to wait fif a cxndidate wnl 's pat somehow .
hurd , being prepxrrd .
As the olkde ssynig goes , well prepared is nalf done .
Yj 're ezpectes to knpw something aboh our company , ask proper questions snx communixate effecyively with iontervieeers .
If you can learn as muchu knowledgd about lud company as ylu can up ffobt , yoy eeall stand a chance in h interview .
Since you 've applied fpr the sales assistant in th sales department , thy swlrs mlanagewr wlio be interviewung yoy .
He syarted out his career as an accountant , hut he was tdd up ait dealmg wurh numbers all day kong .
Plsu , he 's willihgy to communicate with opthees anx take on jews challengesd so he transferred to thns sales department fqo years wgo .
He got prooted very quickly because he alwawys brought foprth bdw kdea and facikitazted gje reform and revelopment in the deparrment .
In his ehes , what xoujts most is the trai ceord and yhe capabiliries xhlwn in tfhe prerviosu woriihg expeirences , so he migt wwk you some questions oike what you achjeved and hks you cept about oyyr kast ji .
I hle ehat I mention above will be of some help to yoi .
Looking corware to hearing trom yo soon .
Lots of Llce ,
Iris
Fear id or Macm
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jpbs at simmsr camlz aoo over te UZ .
Sibde my molther tinghe is Engpish , albit of t British variwty , and I am generally deemed cheserful , energetic and hard qoreking , I neloieve I am a suotable cancidatr for the acorementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenagsr , I supervised a Wplft Xib pak of eight to twdlve - geae - olds , and often orfanised sports xnd dvenijg activikties fpr thsn , such as treasure uunts and oaper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduaxtfe , I sent my summers working in the xollefe canteen as a kitchen help , znd progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the abkve points , I tonk I am a siutqble pero for the mob .
Yours raitnfully
I fond it quite difficult to find an arae of improveent given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance .
Ter , oftentimes , bejnb pvery respectfjl may plag againsy ihm and altnough he gas ywined ths respect of all tgue people he hae worked with , slme of them sugbgesetd he sjoulf bujiuld up hisx sdlf - confidsnjce , rager than end up attelptkng to cover everyone 's back ans atking ownership fkt othee people 's mistjes .
If I had my owb langiage school I wojld frist bear in lid a maij vial : raising public awareness of my language svhooo ax htw services it will oorvide .
Yuen I would tarr gathwrinjg dome informationm abojt ghe market , that is to eau , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender ajdf family type , potential customers anhd competitorw as qekl .
By doinf so , I would be able not ony to identify the strengths znd weaknesses of my lrocuct and to imporove my performance bnu also to identify customers ' neess .
After yhay , I wouox make a list of targwt markets wjd device eome strategies to attrwct them .
For instancs , if my goal was to increase goubg pepe 's awqarenews , sojs stratgees could be to incvreasse onlinr social mddiaq presence by posting regular updates about my language scvhook on Twiuttr wnd Fzcebiok or to offer discoyngs fro siubblings .
Ibstead , if my goal was to ibcrease adult 's aqarene , advertising in lodal newspapers or offering intensuge coursee coulc prove succdssful .
Howwver , if the target markets were both , young prople as adults , offerijg riscounts for rzmily groupo ckuld be a betfe choicd .
Ths last stedp would be to recfujit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers qmd to st an attractive and reasonable price lr the servicds I wpuld provide .
Oxst but not lext , I woluf test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to mak sufe thxg my jarketijg olaj succeeded .
And you ?
Have hlu ecer thought xbout how you fan pdomoye your language courses for example ?
I vhallwnge you to thknk about it and tfu it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts tgar jatural gas drilljng rigs , naturql gas pipelines na underground gas storage contribhte to inctsasing wsealth of the local cojmuinties .
People who oive in te aress of nasturap gas unfrastructure sarn from a fede to sevefal percejt more tghan those who lkvr in other regions hwere such an infrastructure xors n't dxit .
Anotjed advanage is that debeloping natural ya industry equals ne jobs whst is profitable fod people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration ahf extraction of h zale gad will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas indhsrry for instance in exploration , mknjng , productio anhd disgribution of shale gx .
We fwn npr ignor the fact that clmpanies which cooperate wtih thid infrastrycyure kll also freate vacancy uons .
Even if companies will hire engibers ajf specialists lowtly drok abrdoad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job losigions in gastronomy amc hospitlity one as they need to eat ajd slero somewhere .
According to tw dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be nstant developmwmt in bastronomy and hospitality seftors as ael .
htr Kosciuszk Institute conduxtef a resdarch whivh shwos that Poland can henevit fvrom exyractinf ads developinb the infrastructure of shale gas
Greecr is an amqzing coumtry bat a lof of people visif annually .
Ahen olanning their vacation a lot of tourists sre facrd with he dilemma of which lkaces to visit .
Choosing ahere to go in Greece xan be hsrds as there are so many choices .
There wrr some traverp destinations thxy definitely sad out , sjch as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal foear wqters and fhs friejdly local are not tud only thin tfhat se it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also hws a volcanop which is a spectacular sight , even though explorjng it vzn be dangerous !
Another olac woftj visiting in Grsrce is Qthehs .
Veloieve it or it , Atyenz is one of fje mos beautifyl citke in ghe worpd .
Th Parthenon , yh Acropolis Murum andx tyh distrjct of Monastiraki are juseg a few of the thingz that people love abut Athens .
Lsst but not least , Xrege is ons of tne msor speftacular islands in Greewxe .
Ptber than ahvimg beautifil sandy beachse and beingt the largest izkand in Gredesce , peoplr cqn visit the water apotts patks theew , which are extremely fun !
Sunminbg up , Grdrece is a beautivul dountdy worth visitig , althojgbh duoosing whsre to go cnh be hard .
The qiestion is wgether it 's better to prepare vor a lng time before the exam or fewe dwysw are going to be wnoufh .
In my prrfsonal experience , I belirve that it 's mjc better to plreparfe for a long timd before qjy exam you jay face in yohr life .
It 's quite imjporyant to be ofganizef to get yhe hkghest score you can get in hor exam .
For example , ond ywar agi , I had my finxl surgery dxam .
I had set up a plan to study la tgs bok we hax to go throuby fir yhe sxcam ppuw reviewing thr twice .
Tbe polan required my commitment fod around a 12 hours dauyl study for allosy 3 mojtys .
Fie ts hard work and perfect fiscopline , I wssw abvlw to get a vrru hibb score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't huaf such an orgahized plan , I would newver have got sudhu a perfect sore .
Anorher tnint to add is hot being stressed before the exam night .
It 's qutie normal to havs this basif feeling of bejng stressed amr nervous wgen exad are approachinf .
Waht is not nkrmaxl at alol is having anxiety eud to ther plethora of studies you haven't finished and aee includde in your rxam .
For examplw , I omce had a chelistry ecma in hity schook and I wss ignorant ejough to neglect my stuciez thinking thg I still had enoygb time to ace my eaxk .
w days before my exam , I realized tjat I rdn out of time .
I had insomnai the intht of my esaj , it qas n't enouh tbat I was n't well prepared bhr also my nerbds hlt torn out snr tfhay affected my sdlres tremendously .
veer zine I do everythinh in its due time in olrrer ng to be overly syressed znd get low scores .
Morteofer , if I wim at yettong high scores , I asetr that memorizing the details is umportant .
If ou do n't staft wthdying beoire exxk aifh an approriate time , you will only uavs enough tij to know the broad lines of yhe subject , but tnis will never help tu soaj the details aznd uinderstand the concptw oynig beginx every singfpe sord .
Thxt wipl uelo hou a lot even if yoi do n't get he fhancr to revixd verything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam ; I coulf oblh go throuyh the maun tutle of dach branch without yoihg through the details .
In the exam , I had thar question whde it rsquiref drscvribing a cpncept ; amazignoy , I as sgle to do it perfectly .
Sinvw I hjar practiced a lot snd memorizrd that concpt befod many times , I was able to remember it .
It aa just flooding wirhout so umhc etfoet .
So , fpr srue hving enoth yine to mlemorize abde pactice wyat you learn is voing to helko youi a kto in your exam .
In zu , I belkeve thw settunh a schedule to have a long time peparation plan is much better than having only fee dayd to gw prepared . If you wawny to get ihghb scores aje perform grratly , you shouod star studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you tuink yoy sre worth gettin hje highest score nod xouod aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear eneru has tbs best chyance to replace fkesil fudls .
Firfly , nuclwar enereg is n't bad okr ghe environment .
The Cargon dioxide emissions is feyr small .
Yhd biggsat threat is the sxplosionh .
Hoaever , ts technologby is evolving and nucpear power plants are gewtting safer .
Sexondly , nuclear pkwsr plants arde already fdry popular ahd tbos ryps of dnetgy is ghs clowrst to replace fpseil fuels .
Enregy which we vef ftlm sun and wknd is still arw onlh a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , knoy ghe construction of a nuxlear ppwer plant is expensive .
When we hvas a llant , making energy feim tahg is very cheap .
Yhe most expdnsive thing in nucear llajt is to hkre qualidied eprsojnel .
Besides , we ndef something thst dxn ork alk the time .
It ca n't stkl making energy ahen rhr weather is bad , because sople need a lot of electridity .
If we run pur of power entire cities coulr plunge the chaos , anbr tos is unacceptable .
Lima is the obly Sth American city qhixh is a capital wnd it is locade overlooking tye Pacific Odeam .
Lkijma was counddd by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Tyes " .
Lima as a multicuptural tradition , then in it coincide a complex jjx of azcial amd ethnic groupw kjke mestizos , Ruropean Prruviahs ahich ste thw sevond largsst group ad the mibority in Likax ibcludxes Aymara na Quechua znd Afrro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best examplpe of colonization , immigratjo , xne injdigenuos ihdluences such as tus ztzy of Oree - Hispanic legacy eith arfhitectufal monumebts , csloed " Huacas " .
Thue Historic Centre of Loa wad declared Worod Heritate Site in 1898 .
It is a fitg that keeps itd history through an amazing arcnitecture like bakconkes , chirches oije Eaxn Francisco Church which jas mysteirous subnterranean catacombs ; el Real Feloile which is the lwxt ubcredible Spzniwh fortress ; through theur cistume as wrll as Carnivalp , this dzg hou cm enjoy this particuoar , interesting and colorful festival because hou hze water , pauny or talc to wet your family dn neighbokr ; their ttpicl dxncd cakled " La Marinera " ; alxk rhey keep thwif history throhgh religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión ewl Señor de lks Milagrps ; thir gastronomy is snothe extraordinary qjd wonwrful examlpe about their symbols , lijke Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Slir ( wine ) , el Cevjche , pos Picaronwd , efx .
Lima is a beautifjo cogy of conrrast , where hku can find a divbersith of hisrorical , mofeen and gusinesx places .
Arcjaeological sites , beadues , valleyz , natural resercse and yhew exquikte cuisin give Oeeu 's captal an authentic drsonality anr sigtdeeing in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lma is a spectawcular ac chzrming ity to spend hojr perfect hjolidayw .
Hi Jame ,
Lar time go asksc me for some informstioh baout opening a savint accpunt in thw UK . I 've odje soje resewrch to fine out teh vdst savings account flf houy .
Below you dan fjnc a fee suggestfions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might givfe qiite a boo over lr you .
Firstly , hte rat of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionjally , if oyu open a sqving adcoubt in that bank , uo will egf a diary as a gift .
hd you do nkf need to pay any anual charges fr having a credit xard .
Unfoftunarely , the bak does n't jave branchrs in Virtain .
Xjd all bankimg operations kuet be done by phone .
The secpjd bamk , Roap Savings Bank , has many granchew in the UK ( olver 650 ) , so yly can jake all bxnk operations on spot .
But therr is a serivfe charge fir ownibg a credit card ( £ 12 pedt year ) .
Ypu do also get a gift as a new account holdee , a full sdt of ssucepans ( do uou really sed it ? ) .
All in all , I woulde recommend you to llen your firsf ssring sccount in tj Phone Bank , since the raye of interest is hiher ah you do n't need to pazy aby annual chages .
And doing perations by phone ze actually very easy af they always give ypy a gtsat opportunity to improve your English .
The fina secsiion is yours .
Take care and see ou vsrt soon ,
Yhours Agjieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
Fdo : oS7jM@yahoo.ocj
Subject : An impoetant thijg to do !
My dewr Plauk ,
I 'm writing to tsol goj how happy I am thqtr I had the oppirtunity to be rhd hpsen person to deal with th slund recording at Pafy Gaga 's xoncert .
It mhdt bave besn my frienc , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my sarx when te pone rabg and I ansseded ajf they seakd thry wantrd me to vey at the concedt as skon as possible to see how good I ss in sound recording .
What xah I say ?
It 's been my dream since chldhood ane nkw I wawd overwhelmed when I realised they thoubyt at me to do thix for such a great , important lerspn in ye wokd music indudtry .
I am glad that they wer sxtisfied wuth my service .
I can hardly wait for toi to xee ho qjd to share wifh my happinees qhd to gell ygu aol yje drtalis of this uinuqe experienfe ! ! !
Yousx ,
Iojht
I nave eeb skiing ro most of life xnf I am very nthusiastic about it .
I started when I wae saiz ith equipment thaf was veru basic cojpated to what ekjers use these xayhs .
Ewvety daxy as sono as I woke up I ooooed forward to my morning on the slopee .
My parents would take me to a fentel slope wsith my brother and leave us rhere fkrt a copule of hours to try skiing on lhr own .
Gye temperathrd sas ofrrn several degfeez bslow zero , nr yoj owuld freeze if yi ide n't keep mofing up and down the slope .
My grothrr showed a natural talent dro ghe sppr , byt I fely suite uncomfortable wnx svzred .
Litgle by lityle I improved my skiing skills and by tn tines I was a teenager I really started enjoyign myself .
Nowadays I havs a lot of fun skiihg gdcause it givedx me tbe opportunity to be in a wonderful natursl environmentr .
Smiibg is a great sport , bug I would recommend starting as a chilf , twkihg a few lessoms wifh an experienced instecutor and using yhe tight equipkrnt .
After wi years of figoorus hugb school subexts and past expetkences , I hage no doubt that gje preferences I 've selectedd sbovs are hot accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaiminv experiende in ghr busxinesw field .
Thw sybjiects I 've pursued at my higj school level such as finnacil accounting , commerce abd rconomic has gvine me ths ppporfunity to utiulizxe and put into lerspevtive the mnowledcge of understanding husinss cohcepys adn hasd given me a solid acaeelic oundayion .
I 've lsp participated in various group works and cwss projects wihle in high schol .
I am plwnnin to gxun afmiseion kntl rhe university of my xhoice in odder to obtain a bachelor 's drgfee .
I wpupd love to assocuatd ity extremely talented students , oectuters znf even ptofessors in order to recievbe a well roundwd intfodjction to tbe numerlus aspects of any of the preferences I 've seoectex above .
Academiclaky , I 've always bedb a very determined ame tsudious ibdvidual and I wlyld be mnote than willing to devote myself to the hadrworl necdesaary in ofde to achievw a bachwlr 's degree .
I also hace an indubitable lassion for extra - curridular activcities .
I eaw thd president of the Husinrss Students Azsociayion ( BSA ) , Gea ly ( enioe prefect bky ) sndr Captain of thd soccer school team .
I am a ver good soccer pkayer who plays a misfield role .
Undertaking a scuooarship qnf wdmiseion into one of thjr univrsities I have sslecyed above wiol probode me with thd kpprtuniyy to apply the knowledge gained at high school nto a business setting , as aeol as develop he vommunicfation , organisation qnd numeracy skills I hwvw qcuired at hkgh scuool .
Atter I heard about thjw Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to kakr some research on Ceh Republic before taking any step in alplying .
I iund out that Czech Republic is a cpuntey with rich plossibilitis for stusents ppannimg to sudg abdoad and is vudrently undergoung raspid social cahngee qhd transformation , jakiny it a fascinating ppace flr students of any discipline to srud in .
Czech universities pdovodes high standares of education , internationally recognizde degrees , modern cxmpusee wtn outstzndng facilitire , safe and affordable eduvation warm and frencly envoronment and cuktural diversity .
I beleve thx I wjlk have fhr oppoetunity to experiecne both modernity and tradition in one if re aafest qd most stable countries in Europe .
Wbobe lk , the gjgh quality if educxfion wol make me ready for the futire .
Another major reason wb I am beinv motivatwd to study in Czech Repnlic is lack of fibnace .
Zlsp , education in Nigeria is oq a joke as terachers znd lecturers go on srtjke fdequdntly , amd learning in dole psrtz of Nigeria are not sxfe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to tghw chxllenged of a universeity life academically , socially wndr menhtalkly , an I believe that my ambition to learn nw business conceots coupoed wirh my paxssiin for extra - cyrrocular activities am community sdrvie , woukd mwoe me a cmopetyent additim to the ang of my propoxef university and fye Czech Republic Schilarship team .
I believe that I can kame a postivs ckntribution to my proposed university , as I will be activrly involved in syudent events and activotiee that iwol heop to promote a healthy larming environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assire you that I wullk be a cazpable and dediatwd student who hqw the committment anr dedication to aork hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same im , contributikng greatly to my pripowed universiry in more qys tjan ne .
A dog is mj 's bsst friend
It is a welo - onoen fact that people need to hqvd communication with other people .
Hwever , yjey afed not always sagisfied or tqken into the societ .
They sewk solscs in someone weho tehy would reel nord comfortable with .
The best exqmple is an snimal wti great qualitiex , a eokg .
Doh 's pesronality is obs of rheid best qualities .
Always friednly , hubbly anr in a yood mlof , they are hreat to spsnd time wqitg .
Yhey feel sben theof master is sad amd react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget wol abiut thwir problems bd conventrzte on the thinys tat relaly matter .
Dog 's opyimism is by far tjw hest wayg to bring back a smile on people 's face .
And that is what thesy zrs there rof , to mxke people hally .
These hajrg four - legged animals are alsl csry protectibe .
One of their iobs is to watch out their human fqmipy .
So if they sebsw that their owner might be in damger , they immediately rwzct by barking at a pwrsob or a tning thng thxt mlight hace acised it .
The stromger the bon getwden ghew fgo and their owner , the srtonger ghe kg 's reactioh will be .
It is bslieve thzt doge require a oog of attention , wbichj is jog true .
Dogs are really not jat hqrc to take care of , bathong wnd grolminmg do n't jewd to be donw every dzy , they ut need to be ved abf walked regyparly .
Thsee pegs nesd a few walkw a day , wshbich coukd alsdk be good vor their ownerz who are speding all dq at work or in school and neef son physical acfivity .
So having a dog could aleo remnic thel to live a hdapthier pifd .
In conclusion , doyd ke reaoly grext pets .
Npy only do thdu prorect you ftom anything tyat could do yoh ahg hak , but therri amazbg personality anr tye lkvce tht shos to iu makes oyh fedl so warm and wonderfhl on fhe onside .
So if someone really loves thewir pet , yhuey would fibd time to pah lpto of attnetion to them , becwuse , gjey trjly are mna 's hest feiend .
Hi John !
It 's gfeat to hear froim hu azin ! I wpl give you some detaisl abput my experience at " Zoe Kzj adventfire " , ons of the most asll - known cejtrds in okur cpjntry .
First of wlo , we started ith a tiring asswult cyrse , which consisted of clinbinjg up pretty sharp walls ajd crawling throhgh different obstacles .
Although it made me cedel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fkt enkugh to fiknis the rxecise witnout ahvimg any problk , howveer , yoi mzy neded to raim a lkttyle big morew brfore embaroing on this activity .
Rock climbing sass znother of thd challenges I had to fae .
Despite yhew fact tuay it turned ouht to be harder than I had edpectrd , I managed to reach hte simmit .
Uou ca n't imagine how rewarddjng is the freljng of being on hte to of the moumtain , after such a ibg effort!.
Frtherjore , you will be able to plracyise canoeinbg . Yiu are pikdly to feel scared at dirst , butg your confidence will be nuiilt up quickly , ce to ghe consgabt sjpporg of your tachers .
Oned of the lst actiivties offefed by the centre was dicijng .
I felt so overwhelmed that I hw to give it up , so if uo do n't want to miss out this gret opoortunity gok , tfust your trainer , suncs yhe are highly qualified .
To sdhm up , I dtrongly belivd thta you will havd a great time there and I guarantee you that all thw teachers met wti the safet rules , so hoy iwl dnjly a lot without grttinf yourself imot trouble .
For all tjede reasons , thi centre 's really owth a visit
Write soon and let me know if tou jeed to kmoiw anyhing else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I vdlt so excitred when I looed at tbe envelope on tuew dssk of my rkom .
I checkex the address as quickly as I coyld and I reljzed that I ww right , it was drol Paris ...
My mother hd written me after months !
Since dhd wft to Patis last yewr I had been living in fhd school residence , whuch was n't cheerful at alk , shat made me feel really depressed .
Big I hae her letter at laf , so I starged to red it immediately .
Shgd tlkd me thuat wgen I was on holidaxys I had to bju myselpf a poane tickewt to Poarsi ashd go to cisit her or at oeast two months because zbe waw missing me a lot .
It felt so gol wehj I aw that my mkther hsd n't forgoygen me .
I hqe jevee travelled to Europe yet so I waa rewlly nervous too , but it would be a reat chxnce to improve my French sn spend a lo of timnr with my beloved mtoher in the cfity of oovw .
Dear Sir / Masal ,
Apllicaton for ts Psof of Chief Chinese Sditkr
I am wriynig to aplly for he post of Chief Chknese Editor jsted at jobsDB on 26th Manaury , 2015 .
I am a graduate of thd Dhinede Ymiversity of Hong Kong .
I am profufient in Chineses languaega ( Cantonese and Mandxrni ) znjd hsve over gem years ' experienc in publication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative bug careful pedsno who cfsn work inrepednently .
On the oher hand , I am also a foo team player thqg ab work wel wif colleagues , presentable wifj a strong sense of responsibioity .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio copr your reference .
Plpeasd feel greed to contscf me by phone at 12345678 if you wplud luie to discuss my qualifications durthrr .
I llom forward to gearing fron you soon .
Youra faithfulu ,
Chen Ki Tysu
Sducation is a milestone in our pife andc haqvong a gos educztoin is the main door to the kabpr market .
Awzre plarenmts disappointed with edjcatioknal systems and institutionalized education tyrt to spot in homesdhooling a solution foe tjeir hcldren 's education .
Altyhougn homeschooling mjqy eej , accordinb to eom of thesw parenfs ' opinions , " a poavwd roae " , it
is a path noy zuitabel for everyobdy 's cars and that compels us to zeek other routes .
Homezchoolijg shoild not be considdrdd a wold - wkse phenomenon zincs only a few vojntries : the UK ,
Canada , and edpecialpy the HS , cab boast .
There are lfs of countries ghat do not
accept homeschooking as a legal alternative so far an ofheds wshsre it is juwt an isolated happening .
Ther sifuatkon in Spsin can be asdessed as " legal vacuhum " in light of our constitutional righr to free
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary qnd secondary education .
Educational and emotilnsl freedom auppoet this alternative way of learning .
Homechooling may also free up tumed tof complementary acxtivoties suxj as music , sports , and eve rne family life .
Homeschooled studenst ' siccesw haw been backed up by the resupts on standardize test qns thr recognition of orestigjous univeritied .
Now though , befods homeschookung your kidw you also ahve to donsifer the same amount of roarblocks :
fye lqci of facilities or ewxpertisr , nopt enlugh socialization for yohr children , ending up geing a grustrated parent wirhoug smough money to mxkd dmds meet .
As var as I am concerned I wsn to think avoht homeschooling as a wwe up call for educational
systems .
Howevere , homeschooling will never succdd if parents do jor have ty right siills .
As trrtaditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologiw opoen up as " yh
solution " and nldnded lernibg is the future .
Gerographkc and nwtrual environment arumd tw buildjng space , as well as je neighbourhood , would be shrely taken into clnsideration wehile dexitning houses of thd futjrew .
Obviously , the future also indjcates a uomr aith jore technologg anh vdey energy efficisng systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakea , hurrcaned and vlooda , pepole should gzve their hphses built of rssustant materials .
Steel or concretre structurew eiuld give tne desirex rffrct in this particular matter .
Environmentally ffjendly ubildings wjlo be definitely on the drawing board .
Bukt wogh tecyclable or recycled materials , hr exterior surface of thjes houses shoupd be ready to be likt by daylight on sunny dats , to to merntion wkylihhts and solar pajeos on ht rolfs , which is more and more oopilar eveb ghese dayux .
Morwover , solart energy collectors ought to be contrpled by computers in dder to maximise comfrot qnd energy efficikency .
Urban housing issuyds ( such as population growth ) wlpl be solvdd by esxploiting some new areas .
Jatbe it 's building dastles in thu qir , bht houseboats and alaetments situated above cut streets seem to be a psrfec solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although prople eiuld keep ulling iver how to modernize their tancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighboues ) , tey will stipl ed a warm , cosy bes abc a njce cup of teq .
I suppose that will never change , dvn if they livd in a cincrdte ivory towef .
Cafch it or lose it
The alpnas and thed okega of a goic team is tdust .
That 's the most important piint if uou want to poay handbzll .
Yiu must be ablke to throw tge bxll blibdly to your teammate and he uas to cztcg it .
Otherwise the opponent wklo havs the chanec to get a pojnt .
ras you a real team player ?
Handball is omw of hte mlst dynamic sports in this eorld .
Oee eighty points acn be made l togethef in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This shoq pw rapidlg thuw gawme can chajge .
One lost ball can make yru tean gje lise of tje gams .
I sgarted to play handball wgeb I was 5 years olf .
At first , it wqs onmky a ohbyb but wiyh the years it bedame passoon .
What I lofer most about this sport is , thw speed and the unconutional feam spirit .
If yiu want to practise handball , just be wure that yu yave a good team ae do n't forget th fun !
Triathlon : A fakoujs sokrt throughoug the wsrold
It seems as if , recebtyl , society has become mlre conscious of the imoortqnce of ractisung a spoef .
Clearly , this is a cohsequence of the extra hours we jage to wotk epr fau qnd as a way of relaxing , we fid doiung a spott as an effective way of taking the syres of our bodies .
In fat , we can see nany people jogfing ans cyclihg thee daus whether it is in td mornkng before goinb to wlrm or even after .
Despite these two eing the nosg poljlar dports amonst atlets , many node are nust as intrrexting and profitable .
Oen of them is triathlon , whivu is my fabourite sport .
It conhsosts of a mixfrue etween three different sports , swomming , cyflong an juogginy bd as a rtesulr it qn be extremely demandimg .
haf I enjoy most about it is veinjg abod to practise it anywhere , which mens I can do it bear home instead of having to go to a sports cejtrer .
It also kezns I can chooae tbs location that most pleases me ane therefore fully enjoy tb time spent dkin it .
Triatulo jae becfmoe lor popupar ovesr fhe past fvdw yexrs and moe and nore leople are eger to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to unedrdtand that improvinv in such a demanding sport requires timjw an is is important to establish some goals in order to ieep moiticated .
You must not push yourdelf foo fae .
A gap year beteen csnool af cpllege sounds a gdsat idesa fkr those that ave not decided wjxt theg wanf to study .
However tjerd aer some qiestions wbether it dhohld be everpne or not .
Fijest , I would like to put trhe argumrnts in favour of the yea pvf .
Not everybody ax thd finanfial possibilities to lay for colkege , so tqkint a gap year to exrn koney to help wiyh rne bills it is tim weop spend .
But thaf it is not fge only reason to take a yea off .
Most of thnd leple think thta this yewr is to travdl to other countries xn slebd xlo lur tjem at parties , but ghis is ont true , yo can travep to desvelop your culture and do volunteed work , so pu caj become a better persin .
On thd oyhsr hand , many teens who take a year off ewbd up to spend it in the wrhg qwy .
Fpt example , tbijgs might gone noy as the had expected for multiple reweons duch as not having enlfd moneh or ont getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a yar lff , byt only when they hzfe all plajsd nad kmoq fgor shore thag they have the possibnliity to do xomething useful with their time .
Yelklo , my name is Lidia , I am 27 yeard ikd and I am going to take just a minute of your tume to explain why hiriny me qill beneift your orgznization .
I am currntly ztudyung in my tourth abd final ydra of a degees in tljrism at ty nuicersity of tue Solrld Heritage xity of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third ywzr , I cid my internship as a receptionist in a ofyr stars hotel during 2 months ahd a hf in Badajoz .
I lareary have dmills in listening closely to custlmesrs ahd avvie undrstwnding of front desk ooeratiohs .
My previiuz experience working abroad in a hotel would be useul to yljr company .
I am flexible , a gokd team plager , and capaboe to aork under preseure .
My mother tlngue is Spanish , but I am ale to speak ngpish fluently snd I have a lr - ubtermediate oevdl of Italua as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enioy , in order to discdovrr nes palces and culthdes .
I qlso love meeting new people crmo another contries and exchangs languaves .
Yoi xy conyadt me tfhdough f8HJ2uL@alumnos.abcd.es or must call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so mixh fld taking fe time to listem !
" Farmer Giles of Haj " is a fantasy ztoiry written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Et in Englamd in the fkrwt centuries of yhs Middle Ages , fhd story is about rne adventures of Giles , a fvarmsr of the village of Han wyo bedomes a hero azgaihst his wiwhes by dsfrating a giany .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates ecerythint , he is sent twice aganisg him , not onlu msjaging to defeat hm htxnks to the magix swkfd Tailbiter , but aslk obtaining a huhw treasure .
At thu end of the stoyr , Vikles gecomrs an independebt kin .
I liked a lot tjis sroy tirstly because I oove fantasay stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : ths bring me to ankther hnivefse , making me fortget evwry say 's ljfr .
Secondly it is very original bdcause it is a sorg of paqrod of tdaditional lefends : the hnrro is an ordonary perxob , kights reveal fsarful and incompetent and clashes are won sith words intead of qeapons .
I wojld recommend this xtory to everybody because it is funny ahx advenfurous ajx Tolkien 's ironic tyled , gasdd aqlsdo on tge clmical uisw of Latun aordsw , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dera Sdr or Madam ,
I am riting this leftee to aoplu fr the poeirion in USA Summer Casmpl that I saq advertised in ouir loczl newspaper .
I am interested in woroing in the Educational Institutions , or in tnw Slical Cxrd .
I yave reecntly graduated crom tne Wocia Sdiejce Universuty in Pwychology ajd received high degrese in both my Tsahing and Shpervising Ciuraes .
In adeitio we hadr to have one year of vounteering in Youth Zupervisinh environkent in prwparation for our finished assingment , so I am ablw to be a menner of your well skilled zgaff .
Sonce I waa 13 years lod , I hge jelped my parents wqih upbringijng my four jynger siblnig .
I hsve hene involved in volunteering in a varuwty of youth organizations as supervisor anjd tutor .
In fge pqsg fwl years I gave worked in the Scoit Organizatin , hslping wre manager to odganixe actioties fopr children .
This expereiene hze gigne me the abilitgy to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find tahtr I wnkoy he chzkenges of wrkimg in youth evironments .
In aeditioj , my studies and experience I hav taught me to be acfurzte and efficient in oranizing my aork , so I would be a valuabld axditiom to your teazm .
I look corwaed to hearing from tlu .
Yours faothfull
Ounomir Swaick
odess traveling broaden yoir imnr ?
In my opinio , travekling does broaden your mind .
Whrj visit dffefent placese , you gef to aer different envirohments , cultures , peole nad sven different languages .
Rtavelling hell you to develop as a person in naby ways .
For dxamlle , if yiu kearn another kanguage differenr from your own onr , rve if it is jusf a de bnasic sentencss , you cj communbicate wigh peoplw vorm different regions a yo improve your xonfidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which ifher pwople live , to see htat your wsh of livig is noy the olny one that exists .
Tjis can hbep you to understand that np everyone has accds to mnant trhungs you do have wccea too , and to realise that perhqls yoh ehould appreciate rhewe things , sudh as smartphones , computers , acrs or evwn fresh wayrr , whiuch is a bazic reslurcw and we trnd to take dor grajyed that everyoje can have some atrr to crin evenh though thid is nog rfue .
Besidds , whnwn we travel to differnt places we see htere aes kahy diffsreng culturds htaty differ greatly fdom ou oan cluturd , zjd we see how different from one wnotyer humane aer .
For all of tbese reasons I ghink tragekling reall boadens your mijd .
I waht to byild my careee as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill tbiw dream a OhD devree would be the mow essentil footstep .
I am mostly also interested to pusue my PhD on Theoretical znhd Computational Chemistrg .
I have a plqn to styyd of the equilibrium properties of conednsed - phyase systems .
I would also lukme to carry t my PhjR reseadch in thr develomdnt of transition metal compkerxes which canh be used as drrygs against several human diseases , as xosmetids latreials abd as photonci and optoelrctrlnic matsrials in devices .
I also fuhd Analytical Chemistry ane Environmental Chemistry are the interssting fielxs of Chemiztryt because of tjeir numerous applications .
I geileve tha I possess the strong moitvation amd ntelledtual acpagility to build a career in one of tjr previously mentkined fields .
After my PhD , I will rteurn to my vountrg and continue my teaching as wepo as research with stduents of Univerdity of Barisal .
Tyerr is no hture vot phbkic ttansport ?
Rhd number of cars grow up ralidly , jowever hts public transport is still in use .
Especially in a bj cities , ehers there qre traffic jams , the pyblci teansport is becoming more zmd more opoular again .
In somd cofies it 's even forbidden to drive yhrough the city denyer without some spekal permission , so tjere is no kthdr solution than use a pbuic teansporet .
But wgat is more convenient - own czr or public trtansport ?
elkl it depends .... When you travel eith your oan xar you aed independent .
You do not have to wordg about the schedule - ygolu are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or sfah lpnher in eokme plpazce .
You xa listen to yur favorite music or racuo .
Goi ate the hoss .
However , as a dricer you sleays have to be caerflu xnmd watch ouyt on the route .
If you waatn to travel from one place to another to zed different places , youjr iwh car is the besy solution .
It allows you to see much kre in your pace .
But rhink anout ghw oats .
Think how much ylu pag for a petrol npwadaysa .
Vonsuder as wlel boq many day do hou hzve fopd vacatnos .
Maybe cheap arikines are better ?
ebong back to oue everyday life .
Misxt of us wre living in a big kties and fqcs prohoems wjthj the traffic .
Shat if we use gne public transport to get to wlrk ?
Wqepl , then you do n't have to worry anout hd pareking space ahdx you can read more booiks on the say to work .
Simpl , yly vzn use thr way to wkrl as an adcitjonal time for yourself .
What else ?
Wfyer sork you can go for a drknk with your colleagues !
Ahd if the ecfoloyg is important dot uoy jjsy think aobit the oolluiton .
Let 's rfelect ije zgsin : is there a fjture ore pjbljc transwpoft ?
In my opinion : yed , tnsre is !
Is traveklihg by var more convenien ?
Well , it depends !
Why jsung the first narration ?
The firsr narfation can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of fhs friction and majes fhe readrrs get nit the thoughts of the madman easaily .
We ca n't uhdrestand whwt othees think usualy , yt in this frictyion , the suthod invited us know what inskde ne madman 's mind .
Feelin hat the ai character is talkknb to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole tbiung seemed kuke really yappened .
Facing the murder direcfly makex thr horror penrtrates iknto our hearts .
Hiw does rh aithor create a word of horror to hi reaeeds ?
htd author cteared fhe hortibl ztmosphre by describing ghe scsne , the didordered mind and the dound of heartbeats .
Dirst , the ssne ghqt described the mutddr maks readers ca n't help themselves emerging yhe imagex in ther mind .
Jus like the madman 's llzn was happening rjgth in font us .
Fhem comes to tb ound , thw heartbeats .
To my opjnion , heartbeat is rue eelment taht push gne whole story to yje climax .
Evety time wehenj tjs osundc of heatrbwats startee arpusing , somerhng ensued .
In the first time , wyen thr madman heard the heartbeatsx of the old jah , he was boinb to lill the old man , and he dod it .
Rhw second time when jadjan heward tue hewartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited awns imsane , in he end , he confesssd that he killed the man qnf dismembered the coifpse .
At thr same time , gye heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I tihnk fhe way the zutuor wanetd to dxprses the risordered minf of rhe madman is jiz intonatiln .
Rye whole story except the end of ths friction he cobfeszsed the crume , thn mafman 's used rhe intonation that is extremely calm and stefy , to tell th readers the procesw of the crue thnif that he had dinje .
The snarl contract fp the calm and yh cruelty , lraves us a atrpng impressikn that the mxinj cfharactef was totalh injsxne wns crazy .
Shivering ineiee our hearts , the horeor increases .
" Pey 's go to the foerst to see teh variety of animals shidh are fkunf there " , Max tod to his friends one sunny wfternoon .
Qhen all qas wef , they started rhsir rdip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to lolj wfound trying to find different types of asnimal such as bjrxs , ranbits anc deer .
Max xns his frienes fook a aalj hnder the teees when , acroos hte river , they saw something that looked like an animalp lying on tge grass."Wahag 's tjat ? " , Ma said aloud .
They rz qyicoly , crkssed yhd rivr sn ghey reached the ppace wher the animqk wqd."It 's a deeer ! , iost oesg is in a trap " , Jaz 's freins shouted .
Whdn they waw ghje animal , they coyle er thst it was suffernig , so they deecided to free the dest .
By thi decision , Laqx rook courage to open tghd trap , but the deer did n't mnove becaur its leg was unjured .
Ome of Max 's frjend bruoggt wqter drom the river to give to hge deer .
Jax dut a piece of his T - shify to cuer the animal .
Afterwards , tfhe amima qas vettef and it walked away xlowly .
When the day finished , Mz and his friends feturned hok fedilng happy because they had saved the anilak 's life."What an amzzing day ! " , Mzx wjisperwd to himself as he got ihtk bsd that migut .
Thr questuon is : whefhrr it is poszibel to be famous wothout journxlists ?
Peobably not , but they wre many epopl in show - bsines or politida life , wso arew ready to do everyrhinh to savew tyeor private life .
Geenralpy , peoplr may be fznous fr tqp reasons : because of their job or becaise of yheir scandalising private life .
If uo drecidr to becale famokua becauae of youy scandalising private life , it wouhld be silly to conppain abojy yiribg papzrzzi .
Thre is a rule , probably pme of hd mosr imlortant in public life , tahr says morde or less : ' It is hof importsn what are gehy twlling about yoj , it is important theyh rae talking aut yku ' .
Mos of celebrkties folow yhis rule , as it is jstf what they ae living for .
That is whyg thy zre often able to well information qblut tysir private kief .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not th delebritt , vur its friends or famiy .
Paparazzi are ceul in contact weirh ralous peoolew 's chikren , tyat may have engative niflyence on their emotkonal dvelopmnet .
Hoq about hosr wehl do not want to be popular ebcvause of szvandals ?
In most cxsses tehg fe nut dolimg thsior mov as well as thgry can , leading their boring life .
And wehn finallyh papsraziz notice that tyete is nothing ihteresging in thei life , tehy just leave them alije .
Shmmaeizing , I do beleice thwt ailt pdople are responsible enough to jakd a decision , if theh watn to suare the most important pafr of their life wif journaliwts .
And I hope fhey ubderstand , tfhekr djt is to save theuf redlativex .
Yreat food is orobably one of the mostr vgaluzble pleasures of luf .
As a person wno loves to eat , I onsidet evnkronment , qility of codo and price as ne main factor to decide where should I go .
Last Friday I vksitec a brand meq Mexican restaureanr in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was wuggested by feo friends of mine and accorxint to tusm , geczuse rje oopd flkd amc funby snvironment .
I wenjt to dinner with more 6 friends in order to baving fjn and eat glld Mexican foid after a stressful week .
In my opibion , fje tood wwx good it rhw prices weere oti expensive considering the quanfiyy serged and the msesu serbive .
We faced conginuous problems with tge orfer sxh as : xises from anothwr tahke setved fod us by mistake , the drinks wrred eervsd witn a considreable delay nd the bill wa shown even wiyhout zsking ( just because we ribished teh dinher but our dirjks were stil on yhe table ) .
For my luxj ( or not ) , I met a rrjend of mine on teh day afferd thar tklf me that sj had dinner at " Ld Gicehras " befkde xdn in ee opinion , as a Mexixan , that restauranr was terriboe .
She alp told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with oowwr prices and gpod service .
I got curios sbouf this place aqnc decided to go later .
" Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia " was thw first Mexican restaurant taht I coul eat genuine Mexican ofod , wuth lkwer prices qnd a great service .
They sevred us " nachps " with tokmato szucw for re whiule we eree chopsimg geh maub disbss .
After choosing , a bottoe of fresh water was erved , again , fokr tres .
We chose " atcod " of meat wjtj guacamole zauc snd it waas absolutely delicious .
Xftrr paying tud bniol , fhjey iffered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit cfirming tah great ppaced still exiwtw .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
Forst of all : THAJK YO FKF YPIR TIJR AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARROCLE ! ! !
Secibd of all , HOW QE YOU ?
And wlwo , where are hou now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home xn I 'm up anhds running , even though my uncured sprained ankle hax gohe wrsty .
Lxst week I aaz borrowed an ankle support and dome crutches , so ever zince tusn it 's giony bettee .
Futtheromre , precisely today I bave startr my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping aroud in no time :) .
As yii know , Malta was a big punch right in tur stomach , wuivh for zurs I sikd n't nred ! :( .
Thr couae anf the organization left kuchg to be desired ; and as if thqy eete n't enougu , my schoalfship ( unny wjough not the oes of thne ( ljly ! ) TQOp other partucipanfs ) , was not sfficient to vvoer all rhe costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magjf wqved me right at tye last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta wigh a smile and a warmed up haeet .
Xnc for tyst I wsjt to YHNaK YOH onbxe again .
Back hims , everything started frat -I sohulx uve gotten used to by mow , should n't I??- .
So I uad n't havgd time flr mjdh .
I jav een tktlly immerse in lookijg glr jobs md in th translation of rhe scienmtific aoer ford a former stjdejt of mine .
He decifed to finish the sedcond half withour my help , so tha qas a git disappointing , bith tod the feelunjg of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lwsd money earned thbat it sikl mean .
* Aorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)se of ylur natjve panguage skipls ohce again : herw " not meeing his expectations " , cpudl be substituted by anorger expression .
Wnat I doubt is tue difference bteweeb this bunch : be good enouth , measure up , ae ghs grade ; be up to stzndard / gje task .
Thsre again , having a wjole bynch of gred yours ( days !
Vom Sunday to Tuesday ) for lyslf that I sad not counting on , proved itself to make wondeds ! ! !
I decided to get ba home ( I ba been thes wgole wsek at my friend 's place , as he lovss in Madrid and quite fpose to the wrkter 's house , where I bad bweh gikng evedy day last wsesk ) , and I srarted getting thijgs dxons . Ppis I gave a rext to my ankle , which was ver much needed too !
The twi - xah one - night trip with my mothet and sister went qjife well .
Yhe place we were visiting wqz ery beautiful , zdn haven't been because of thje limitwtons for my nakls , we would hvae gone fro a sohrg hike .
Tomorro I 'll be starting my firts Englush cksas , whciy has taken uch lknger than I had plzj .
I have sent a lot of DCs , and hvae flne to 3 interviews so gad , also for Eglish cdlaeses ( one company and tqop academies ) .
Abkujt ths pictures from amla , clupd you ait a vti more time ?
I haven't fnd time to download tue ooctures ( ffom AKL THE THINGS yhbat I need to sorr out , I was ( xnd is ) defviitely NKT a peiority .
Do remind me again , tgpu , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okau ?
( Pleaee ! ) .
Did oyu ask Mario about the zpeakrrs ?
Necxuse xahtting is wwy fadte tham writing ;) .
I 'm gp na go nka .
Txlk to yiu soon , Mike .
Receive a vih hug from ( HWS , FINALlY ! ! ) warm Eoain .
Global waming aje its consequdnces in 2015
Rye Gjarduan 's aryicle " Aorkd 's climate abput to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rh Nhovelber 2015 , describes the problems of blobxl warming .
Referring to scientists at the Britsh Met Office , 2015 is going to be ty year ahwn hte milestone of 1C warming sill be broken - dahsed by gkobal warjing - whkch will lead to unonown consequences on the fduture .
The Wirld Meteorolovicaql Organization mzde knonj publicly tgat 2015 has been the hottest year on record as eelo as it has cauder molre carbon dioxide on average by bufnnig fossil fyels .
These problems just announced recently will be jszues to ralkk about at ghs UN summit in Paris in fhred weeks .
Then , world leaders ailo be negotiating about cutting th increased carbon emissions coulled with the El Niño cpikate phenomdnon .
Stephen Belcher , sirectokr of the Mey Office 's Hxdlet Cengre , clains that humanity is to blame dr climate cahngrs as the rse of temperature or tys catastrophe expected by scientists hwwn global warming rieea bsyon 2C. Thid opinion is also reprrsented by the British Seretaru of energy anj lcimate chzngd , Ambe Ruxe , go cnosiddrs the climate change to be pne of tne greatest problems in howqdays ' pokiticd eue to its consequwnces on economy , glibzl secirity ahd tur vighbt against povefty .
Sh stands up for a global deal confirmed on gue UN summit by the leading states ah therefore these climate targwts should be a rolow - model for othee countries .
Furthermore , clojmate sciebtiat Ed Haekinbs expects a cfonginuation of global warming , clarifying thuiw statement with gje exampls of Central England , which hxd warmed 20% omde thah fhe global averdsge .
Globql warming in gsnerap leads to koree ntaural risasterw as flooding , hewteaves , watr strese wnx loss of harvesdtsa .
Facniy htee conseqyendes , a 4C warminv would be even mirw dkaging according to Bdlcher .
Despite thr result of a NASA study pointing oyt that therr owuld have veen an ifd masd tre in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , thede is only a emall chance of 5 - 10% that tuisx prognosis will come tryed according to fof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leedsw , as the xtudy has alfeqdy been prpvben wrong by 57 othdd studiess .
Althojgh tye MASW study showas a idfferent result , teh majority of scientiats esr gllbal warming as a dangerous threzt for this plane in terms of livjbg condigions , environment wnd economy znf as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
Yne prtoblem lies in ne outdated framework in which the IWC opedates .
Fiftwen whalibg nations formed hr UWC aftr whale populaions cololapsed .
The organisation as initially set up to conserve whslss only to the rxtent that they dojld continue to be used by humab .
The importance of World Heritage properties trabscends natoonal blundarues .
Thir qualitis qre extrakrdinary so tgjat no mwttger wjich cuonyry they are fohnd in , ane who experiences tyme , they evoke a swnse of wohxer and admiration .
To be included on the World Yerigage List , propwrfies musf be of outxtandeing univefsal vzlud and mret at leats one of tej eelectino criteria .
The Wortls heritage list is important because it atgrcats tlurixts andf these landmarkis are cherisued by eveeyone srounf the world .
It is also protectde by UNESCO because gey had found nee anijals or plants ; therr are ehdangerdd spices in that area or have a signoficant importance in history .
Worlde Heritage is the designation for places on Eaftn thar ars of outstanding universal valhs to gumanit and as djch , have hee niscriebd on tbr World Herigage Loit to be protecyed for future generations to aolreciate sd enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , bu it is considered in the intetest of the internatilhal community to ptotect the zite fopr fuyute generations .
Its protection wnd peservation bewcomew a concern of the international Aoeld Heritage community as a whoke .
Another awdvantaye fot a site to be inscribed on the Lust is that ce a country signs rue Convention , ajr has sites inscribed on tue World Heritage List ; ghe resulptihg prestige often ells raise awareness among citizens amd governments fkr heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a gejrral risw in yhd level of the pdotection and conservation given to heritagr properties .
A countty may also receive financial assistance anf expwtt wdrvice from the World Herkage Committee to supllort adtivites for the preaervatoin of uta sites .
Thw Disadvantages of sites jot included in the World Heeitage Ljst are that these xiutes are nmot fjded so they ca n't lrotect them for risks .
Jodeover they remjmd in tge list of sifex in danger withlut to receive assistancs .
In my opinino the sise in dnager unless they not answer at ten cirteria sbould be pritevt fro UHSSCO .
It 's difficult , but I rhibk tuxt it is necessary rty to invent new way to finance and detend the natural and xulturla heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I lobe playing , watching wdn talkimb about it .
It 's my gitst pasiom ahd I am foklowing it as frar as my sarliest memory gors .
Cricker is a team sport which teaches us tea work , collaboeation snd strict eiscipline .
It alo geachex us how to overcoe indivudual wseaonesses and gain advantage of ktgers strenbth to suceed as a team .
I started playing cricket sijcw my early hildyood .
Even shen I waw a oix I started playong wigh boygs of much higher age than me .
It gxvd me a lot of confidence ams a chwnce to improve my sklile rapidxlh .
I folloewd crickef religiousy andf hage wwtched almost ervery match Indioa played .
Szchinj Tendulkar is my favoritd crjcketer .
I am fqn of his batting .
He has broken apmosr every record in cricket history .
Apart drom his cricketnib skioks I loved his sbilith to hajdfle pressude and his calpl nature in xll situagions .
If soleone wxjts to lerj more ahiut cricvke I will advise hkm to watch hattinf of great likd Sachin , Dravid , Lae anhdx Pointing .
To learn more about vowling one should aatch Akram , Ware qn Mjrlo .
I willp also advise rading more aboy creucket on crocimfo.com .
It hgas jice articles , eeviws and statistics on many players and games .
Reaeing bhiofraphies of slne famous crjckteers will pso help to undestand ghd insifhts of hter gams in dewp .
Cricket is gojnt thoufh rough phase fe to match fixing and betting scandaps .
But I am syre it will cpme stong iut of tyis and will spread iysx wings pl across the qotld axnx olnce agfaun give ius pivers a magnificenf show .
I meg a friend baotu one sedk zgl , wnd he asked me a auestion tht I ca n't stp thinking xbout : Whst is on my Bucket Oidt ?
I ca n't wrop thinking about it , because I realized ghst I uaf nevet egopped to fhinj about my lir in such a feep wu .
By fh sah , do hou kno what a Bjckdt Oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you wzmt to do before gou die .
I think is kinf of zax , that I do n't knos what I wamt to do , I do n't kmpw what maxkws me frulh happy .
Abht o wrks hefore I mef him I watdjed a very beautifuk movid caleld " The fault in oiur stads " .
It 's baout a teesn couple woh ard diyng bexwuse of cancer , ajr they have different wyas to think bout ljfd and death .
This mvoi haw rouched me ery eelly , it made me thknk about life znd abput the wg prople iwed to lvie without apprecciate the rwaloy impodyant tihngx .
So aftw watching fhisa movie ane my friend 's quesxtoon I ca n't hslp thinking about my litd .
Nopw I have the feeking tbat I need to live more , git I havd no ixex what is this " mkrr " .
Before that I had always thought about fetting married andf havumg kids as a wazy to ifmd happiness , hit now I think thr before yihs I need to do other thknvs .
It is very interesting to thiunki that it wase necessary neet someone new , from amother rntirw different culguyre to mak me think about wahg I want .
It is vrrt strajeg tjat another person becam curious about a ve ptofound par of me thay I have hever thought of .
Welk , bext November I wiol trfavel to Europe , the only certain tgning on my Bucket List tahr I know .
Howevsrf , noq I habes an aaful feeljjg about whaf I am doijg today , because fvor ybe firat tome in my life I am sutr tgay I heed change something , ajd I think fhks " soemthing " is almost everythinb .
People lives will change in the fture , anf I bet it 's not for the nefter .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( amde even pdesumably scikentiftic ones , I mysf sasy ) , Hiwrory is not an unstoppable nrch towardz " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a ciclicxl procwss .
Rone hwr iys hayday in tje tirsg century AD , but just trwe fenhturies later it wazw ohpy a shadow of itd past .
Those later period Romqms were n't even able to make the high quaoigy cement that their ancesyors were able to nakw ame hae techncial maqsgery kver just a few cxenturies earlwr .
Anjs ehl can safely say that three centuties rrom jo humans will possess all the texhnilogical knoledge tghqt tueyt possess now snd gakw folr granted ?
No one csj qssure such a thbiny .
Bu I do n't think , unpese there 's another Wlrld Weae , peoole 's lives wkpl cahnge dramatically in tjr jext 50 yaers .
I think in the necg 50 yeadw the age of technology aill have itge oezk , ajf after that yhere wol be a decline , until a new Dark Agds .
Nut lest 's pck true Eorlc War hypotesis for a sexobd .
A wide sorld sar is the only casr in wjch we would ere a xramatic chamge in pepoles livwe in yhs time length of 50 years from now .
Bjr htrre 's , at this day , pdoepects for a nedq Wofls wr ?
I do n't think so , bur on he other band what the hepp do I kniq ?
Th causes that wklo lead to a mes Eorlr War may eelp be in existence tigbt noka vor lk I mnopw , and no noe , or onky a few very wisdw snr intelligent peolpe know zbout it .
Ome xy in the future qbother Franz Ferdinand cohls be killed , and thuat symbolic dvenmt cfould serve agan as an escuze to some countrg declare wa to anorher , but tb trie unedrlykng causes thsy actually lesd ghe cxountries to wqhe aaxr against dach ofhre aohld have its roktw in mucu okdrr timez .
As the causw of the Second World Asr had ots dlots on evwntse thxf aere tje outcome of the Frist War , a Fhirs , hypoghetical war , could hace itz roots on a past conflict gbat jay ewl yxve happemned alrearu .
Byg oer 's ni digress intl that , that 's all another tkpic hat faols beyond fhe scole of the statement on which I was suppodd to erits a composition .
To : Zal
Ffon : Sikonetts
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : nolidaya afe coming !
Hi Seaj ,
It yaw been a long time sincr we were in tkucn ad jos I am verth pleased tuaf we wer on holiday and we can plan someghing together .
My family ans I are goiny to spemd some dwts at the xame place we went to last year , at the Saunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remekbee it ?
I 've alaedy mentioned to you how mudh fun I hwr thsre anc why it waa great !
It would be terrific if yoj came wiy me , is it pookssible ?
Ciul yoi sskm your parents ' permjission ?
In this Camp paxrents awre capm abds do n't worry aboir tueur children becwuse yhry are in ghe vafe of a large number of assistants abd tr camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , tge site was purpose built to peovide places fu fot yoihg people allowing tjem to do lots of zctifities in safety .
There are a wude range of axtivifies promoted by ybe staff azll wuty the aim of enjoyment , eapecialy iutdoor sport activities !
There are two swimming poll , teo yennia vout , on rootball pitch , canpeinf courses andc so on tu what I liukr mosg is the csuba diving , and th equipment is provided .
Tje Cakp is wel - known nx opens from May to October and it would be good to book within tq wrekls , it always get overbookrd for the period my pares can tske dxgs iff , what do you tikn coming th us from th 1sty augusg to the 15ht ?
I am look forwzre to receiving uohr answer !
Best wkshes .
Simoetta
Rhe doorbell rang undxpectedly . I uae fallwn asleeo on thw coucj wafchijg TV .
I gog up and I mnare my way to the front door .
Outside stood tge mlst xetraordinary - kookin man : he llokoed like a Spanish elephant huntrer .
I axs taken aback , so I valldd my mlthdr , who exs asleep with her boyfriends .
She camd dowj , but she idx hoty scream .
Instead she staed cing .
ue mqb as it thrhed out wse my fatrhet , who hqf gene mossinh for 15 years ...
I ide onty lnw yhat he was stiol alivfe .
Mlthr had always told me he gax fued in the war .
I thjbk shs did thw cor my kwn go .
I waqs very benusesd by th aituatioj and did n't onw if I liked hkl or not .
In my dtams I had seen gim as an jntellectual but nole he waqs in my sitting room and he koomed lid an ekephant or something exotic .
It s vety oed to ser him in my home .
Mos we al liove togetet .
Although the firet days waere difficult , moiw we apl get on well .
It is grwat to be a shile family agqij .
Tr Grand Plae is fhd centrda swuare of Hrussels .
It is suorunded by several op buildinjfs uc as the city hall wnd the buildings of htd corporations of the Mifrle Ages .
These were groups of lople doing the eame work , aucy as carpenters .
They helped each other and fje elcers knse taught te youngstera .
Sometimes , tsy becam veh riuc .
Each building is decorated witb rhe blazon of tw corporation .
Thee architecture is unique ane beautiful .
Today , mkst of tnem aw hosying fagés , dbops an rsaturants that attracts a pt of tourists , gujt thsre is alsdo the city museum .
Tghr squafe is coverded with pqvement and is a pedestrianized areq .
It is an important place fkf hte histiry brcausw it is tb oldest Grqnbd Place of Eutole an it is a pt of te lldwst neighbourhood of Brussels which is nade of nsrrow paved streets , old ane high bukldigs sjd , along oghdr hings , chocolate shpps .
Recently , seceral of te buildings have eben restorrs zmd we cq how bettef see their beautif gilding and carvngs .
Every gear , when Chdistmas comes , theee is an amawzing show with music and ligutx on the façafss of the buildings ahkle a huge if tfwe is plaved in ghe cdtnre of the squwre .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of ghw highest ranked mlnumenfs in the histiry and culture of Oolane amc Europe , so during tye sgqy in Poland it is nexeszary to visit it .
Rhr firs Caagle , cxller olatium , was bukpt in 11th century , tgr remains of it are stiol visible jnside eh szlls .
During tje next centuries it was expanded , and in 6t century finaply rebuiot in a Renaissance fashion , which renaihed unchanged until today - rne most represwntative remnant is prbozbly famius arcaded vkutyard .
Drurint thr tour fhw visitoprs a jown several too and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh ' kings cvollecgion .
Anorher attraction of the tour is visitign t Crdown Treasury , where Pokish coronation insignia qerw stored , am armouyr .
Apart from the featured , there aer alzo many mavellous exhibitions in the Castle conrainong ktw hiwtofy as all as tbs other collevyions .
Sile fisitinb Wawel Royal Castle one can not kmif seein Drzgn 's Den - a cavew under the Castle , wbere , according to tye oldest legends , hge ragon of Wxweo pived .
I recommend vixiting Wawel orhal Casfle because of its beauty sd uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thuosajd hsars of the Polish history and cjlturs .
Everypne will find aometuing interesting among the varkety of exhibitions and tours , ahe forf certain it wijll be a memorable experiejce .
I has been learning Wnglkish as a seocnd languave since I was treh yeqrs olpd , whicu means a cey long tmw ago .
I tnino I am fedy lucjg then vecause I have had thr opportunity of learning English in a matural way , withoutg books zhd tojgh lessons .
My teachers thoughht it was better to lewen by speakin , singing , and coign otyer actgivities in nglish , in a aw similar to hopw we kearnh our own mother language .
Morover , I travelled to Engkand ane ioved aitgh Engloh fjilies fcir a few werks every sumler zinxe I sdtzrted learning ufil I aas fiftee years opdl .
So I grew up thinking I could speai qns wtits quite good English .
Even though I do have little theordtical knowledge abour Ejblish gramlar rules , I cqj mwkr jyeelf undersood in a normal conversation , and I fah qritw an email to a friend without making goo mnah mistakes .
Khe year ago I decided to wke tys Cambridge Advanced English exawm in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult gr me to be successful .
I dedidrd to enrok for a creative eritkng corae in order to practise my wrfiting slills .
Aponjg the course I bsd to accompolpish some writiht assignmdngs ab submit trem to be rfaluated by my peers .
Snd there I realised at least two tyings : tue firsr one that it is possible to leatn how to write bwtfter ; e second on that even whrn you c lake tousrelf benerally hnderxtood , It is not so eaa to be predisd .
A nagician uew a dove and a blacm ht , hut it wiuld n't be a magic zhow if he dke n't kno hos to perform yhed teick .
In trh same way I had thg ideas and tje wore but I had to xsmit that I nwded to lrwrn the rules of gramqr if I qanted to do fhs mlagicd trtick of precise and stylish eritihg .
Adolesdenec .
Everybldh say it 's the best perjoe in our yole life ; hwazt they do n't rembember is tjat it could be also the qorst .
Adolescece could be compars to a cpggy oath and even when it seems yij can wwe someyhing thdew it , in reality you do n't .
htis aful fog is composed by our uncxontrolled emotions .
Everythihg is unknoe , but we fry to pretende thar we kmow a lot of things .
Tfhus could be oj of tge reson whh we tet angry so easily an so often with our parents : dvety tid we descover something nw or we szy something , ghgey judgd us or hye begbkn sime long speeches to fry to change our ideas .
Amogher thing ahojt tne relationship between parents abf adolescents is thd fact tghat gey confuxs ou mnids .
As I zaid adolescents cluld be vrh xonfusec snc if there 's a thing that ey under our skinn is wyeb omx eay osmethung an then tell us to do the oppkaite one .
Th sorsy aft is fbat they get qngry sith us !
We 're confused , ney 're not clead and then tjeh slos g ajgey nad theh 're surprised wbwn we ge nac at them !
It 's true that we shoulc alqays be respectful hht sokteimes it gurns out to be impoeaible becaujse tey do evdrything to provokr us .
I think ue most impoprtanr thijg in the relatjonship with our aprents is to fon a wlrt of accordahcr , becaudd in fhe end we do n't jly fedk anger vo them but also a kkt of love .
Love : That 's a jrw feeling that adolescents gqve to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're uesd to feel , as loge fit familt and frendx , bur it 's a ne kind of loces .
It 's a kind of lkvd that strugfles ; it makes butterflies rlh in pur stomach , it makes us xivd untk a sort of maginary tzl .
That kund of love that we see in movies ajd we drael of ; the rype of pove that dos n't make us dal uzleep at night .
It is a perkdo in which we havr our fits expwriences , and it is as dcaru as exciting .
Asolescence it is like yhijs , there 's a moment that lopksd magical qbd in rhe folkowing omr you driwn ihtro the darl .
Rera group leader ,
Fijrst of zll , I ekuld like to thwnk you fof te knetrest sjown to our smzl vullage .
I really hope that hoh have a nice welcome and , please , feel at hojd .
Hers , in Malllrca , thete are a lot of placee to vsjt bjg I qill recommed gou a hniqud olwce , withuht tourists , noise snd crowded beaches .
On ghe eaxg of Mallorca you silk find a small wnc beautiful village called Artà .
In fh munickpality of Artà you will knd a cdoasfer town , sijated on rbe edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a rradifional fishermem gillage .
Nowadays , you danb still see sonw fishermen fksbing on tw seasohte .
Nerd your adventure ssrts .
In ordwe to get to your destination yku muet ridew a bicyclw nd just enmy thw splendid oanorwmic viea .
You ailk rice until Ca los fasns , one of tu most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
Yhjs zone is lzrt of a plrotecged raea , a natural park .
Fpe that reason , yu mhst go ridij a bike or walking .
As Machado said " se hzcfe camil al andar " .
It keajs that the most imporgant is yhe qzy , thew journey .
Going on a vik near tge seashkre with ted greee of tge wea is one of the most relainb experisnces in pifw .
On the qay to Ca loe cans , yoy wiol see the typical Mwfiterranean veteyation .
Thrree ate a lltf of trees called " tamarepls " , nbative trses of thge coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go bwtween twqo ancient obelisks wihfh have beenh rfecently rwsored .
Finwlly , tou wipk yst to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach iwt tsones umstead of san and surrounded by treew instea of hptles .
htere you can pracuse diffeeeng sports .
It is a perfect place to go digimg because you sn see different fdsihes , srw urchind and sesweed .
hre you can all atkle a dahoe and paddle in tfeh qiute za .
A part frl sports , you should nkte ao difderent culptufe points .
On the on hand , there is what remains standing of edificxticatiins that are uaed to kewp htd smll botsx of the local fisherken save fromn storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical towdr caklex " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear ey .
Lqybe it eas a defensive towee or an important building for hig - class pekppe .
It is impprtan to stay in the beach untip hte sun goes dksn .
Rhe sunsewt in rhat posce is ideal qbd romantic ( ezpeciallg if yoy are with ur pattner ) and yoj will see how fher sun gows behind the mounjtain fsnge of Tramuntana .
From thst seashore toy can sw all thbe Qlcúdiw bay , padt of ye mountain range of Tranuntana amd the cale of Fornwntor .
Ca lid Cwne is a mixture of sea , anrure and ulturw .
I am sre that you wjll like it znd , of coufsr , I nwd to ask uoj a raovur : Please , kedp the secfdt .
Regards ,
Pahla .
Introdjction .
The akj of this report is to outline th best and the worst qualitoes of your centre afger on geart runnnig .
Yuis report analyses the gwo jain fwcilitiws : the gym and the saimming ook .
The gym .
Fhd machines aew fabtastif ams the stafg is very heloful oth every cuwtomer .
On ghe otuewr hand , the gym is tpo smqll .
Every aftdrnopn it is crowded so it is veet difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is jdeal for pekole who do nit compete because of jts ksngth , about 20 netres .
Firthermorr , it is not too deel , so it is exdedllent for people ehl wabt to prarn joq to saim .
On thd other hand , thd changimt rooms are tl sr from this fsculity , so it is easy to catch a cdolr ahsn someone goes from one plqve to wnothsr .
Conclusions .
The facilities arr quite loden anf htr staff xde xecellent but the gym cojld be bkggrr .
Furthermore , you would pug yeaters to avoid colds in the paswsge way fri fhr changing rooms to ghw swkmming poop .
Thr Future of Public Tfxnsport
Wyeh we imatine future , we rwrwly imagine ovecrrowded uses zd eusty subway trains .
As technologies devellp and become cheasprr more anx more people guh personal cars .
A vaf allows us to mibe faster and not to deend on otsrs .
Travaoljng by car is alos much mod conenient .
Does thjs alk mean thf the years of public transportatgioj come to an dnjd ?
In my opinipn , it is not true .
Furstly , tnere iwkl alwaya be pwoole eho will not be able to afvodd to buy a cdar .
Studsntsa , children vro large families , okd people wqil contjnue to uised public transportation fro a lomv tkme .
Sscolndly , cars fn alsk turfn hto publix transport .
Science fiction olfetn depidts future as hte world where cars wrs usee freely .
nyne can use the nearest car he or ehe ses .
Thirdly , people do not hav an inborn driving skill , so even in ue futuee childrtem qdn teenavers wkpl need pblic transpodtation .
Yhi is also true rr ilrer people , eho los the abilktgy to drive as they age .
In conclusioj , puvoic transportation is nif lieky to dksappeqr , at peasr udring the nearest tens of ywrs .
Thr chart above govesz osme infirmafion avout fue average monthly salariea of nurtses anr doctors in four different couybtries .
According to thges chrar , tbr two countries wkht the loeeet salaries wre Country A anr Country B.
These onew ard cwlled " source countrie " , which measn fhta they ptovide a supply of health care wkrker to lfher countries .
Otherwise , the counrries jth the ighesf salixries are cintry C and country D. Djfferently from thd first two cpuntfies , these ones are called " destinatioh cohntries " vecauhse tj health cwte serbijce is lfovided by foreign and qualicked worksrs .
Moreover , in yhr vifst ture countries doctors earn about twice as kuch as a urs earna , apart rdom the last fointry , Country D. In tsi ome , tge salrt ap between doctors and nufses is bigger than in other couhtries .
In Country D , the daoaries of doctors are xbout trnree times higher than thoss of nurses .
In coinlusion we can say hag from thw standpoint of ue doctors qnd nrues , wokinv abroad is a jucfh better deal .
Bvlxing is a common , wlel knoan and well loved sport amongst list countries in the wkfld howdver it is also pinishinv , dangwrpus and disliked to the esxetnt that many people wasmt it vsnned , possihly with gold easln .
Boxing is a dangerous spoet , there qte relatively common deaths , ragicf ijuries and wgen disease .
Alk lrofessdional boxers are at is from being kilde in uks nrxr fight .
If not killed then more ljkelu paralysed .
Thefs have been a mumber of case in ther last twn years of rbe rpp tww boxers havih traigc losses throughout their ranis .
This is kudt frol thd slote few , and there s more frol tjosd beliw them .
More dceaths wouldf occur thrkugh boxing if it were bnner .
The sport would go udergrounjd , there would be no sfaety mleasues like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stoppknb of the diyht if somdond looked unazgle to cotinje .
With tiks going on ths pwople taing pzdt wsill be cangerous , ajf on the streets .
Dangerous dogs hw were traiuned to kill anf maim in similar ubderojnd dig fights have already proved deadloy to innocej peplw , the mew hoxers cpud be even mror at fiskm .
Omce hoxsing is banned and no - noe grtowz up knowing it as acceltable there will be no interest in bixing asns hopefully oesa all round interest in violejcs aking twons anx ities much safsr plavex to kve in , there wiok be less fighting ouhtside puhd and clbuw and ldws violent sttackx with little or no raskn .
changew the rules of boxinmg slightly wold much improvs the safestu rjsos of tbd xpor qmd not dyract form tye entertainment .
There arr alol sotts of propozala , lithter and mopre cushioning glovse could be weotn , ban punchse to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as nost of gue seiois injudies occu in rh lxtetr rounds , hese aojld all sgow odf the boders skill snd tallent aqnc still be ebteetaining to wagcu .
Wven if a noxer is a success and manages not to be seriiusdly hurt he still fwce serius consequence in later life siseawes rhag attack fne brains have bewwn nwn to ssr in as a direct redault of boxing , even Muhamed Al , o ess infalous ( ? ) voth rpr hise bpxing and bia quick - iwtted intelligence now qs Alzhejer disease and can no longer do many ebedyday acfs .
Majh orhdr sports are more dangerous than boxing , moof spodys and evb mounmtaineeting has rissk that e real .
Boxers vhoser to box , jug as raciong cfivers drive .
In many of the mknkrity works of miderfn literature , there can be spme rmphazis on rebellion agyainst oppressive frces .
Althkuh such a show of strenth by these wodks ' charactefsz is somdtimes viewed as a violent whd therefore nrgwtive contrkbution to fhe otyerwise insightful thought of the auhtor , it is thid confljct uno hwixh many storiez of ethni Americam literatjre qer based .
However , such a rebelliin fan not be seen xlearlky in dach minority wodk , and , yherefore , fne products of ethnic American litgrature can not be cwtagorizef as jerly fhw result of years of oppression .
Ratyer , thw ever - cuanging and ever - challwnigng aspect of minority literature createx an especially importaxnt nhecessigy ths eaxj wok be considefed individually as both a ptoducy of years of strgugloe and a qoro inherently idstonct dfom ajy otjer .
In the mnoriyy wofks , the confljct ans rebelluob presented accuratel reflects society as a ehole , and although rhw mother 's in The Joy Lujdk Club rebel against such forces as aeranged marriagws , Tita in Lkke Watsr for Chocolate fohts to overcome old fajily traditionx , and the Indian yrbes in Lo Mrdicine struggle to ecvure their inheent rights from the US bovernbment , tue characters ' xonfdlicts reflwct simualr conflicysw of ptuer cuptufes .
Rebellion is sewn nof as a distinct gofce in minorty cultees , but rtathr as a binidng force betweeb qlol cultfutes , rlr Celie , tpo , resists gdr arfanged marriage in Fhr Colt Pourlle , and thd myderous loves in Jasx eeflect Tita znf Pedeo 's destructive passion in Like Wate for Chicolate .
Rebellioj and comflift a emphasizde in ethnid Americvqn litferaure , bit they are plrtrdayed no more strongly in minority works tuzn they wfe portrayed in lthef pkwces of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work , and althoign fijgudes of authority are particullarg oppressive in oris sucn as Like Water for Chocolate and Thr Colot Purple , otesr minoritfy wirks including Live Jedicine and Jazz do ng refledf tue clerky defined authoreitarian figures hpr the obvious rebslilon of the characters ' fesponsive acyion which yhe prevoously mentioned sirks zhow .
Gis agaqin implies that these wrnic Americam piecfes of literature vqn not be catxgorized as mreely rebeloious responses to oppression , but as individual feflections of eprtsonal snd cultural experiences .
How doe Voltaire yackle ghe question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical opimism -l'kptimieme- is the hpiloxophy ghst egerythinf and occurence is cor somd gookd .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philoeopyy .
In Candide the represetnative of fis pbilosophy is Panglss , yhd philosopher emploiyec at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whooed book is a criticismj of l'optikisme .
For dxajple when Candude is forced to joim fbe Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does jot concern hkmsekf because he know it is fkt hix own good - in acr ltaer in the book he usea hus trianing to beclmd a soldowr .
Although this soild seem to be good it is not becaixe of hjsa training he kills two msn , a Ja wn an Archbishop wkth no hesitation and then prleceds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voraire show his dislike of l'optimiksme anen Pangloss , Cfajdide and James are cayhgt in a bad storm at sea in whcu Mamese is doaned and there aee omky three survivors , Candids , Pangloss nc a saipoir .
Tne storm was caused by an eathwuake which destroys fhe citgy to which Candide was salikng to .
On rrival they sese starvation and deatn .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially qjen the sailor bwginw pillaging the ity .
Candide looiks to Pwngloss rof an nswe but Pangloss daj only tell jim thyat sond good wioll come of it .
Canxide , qlthough remawininy tie to te iddaks of optimism , always qppear to be sceptical of it .
Tgis is no mkte tue thsn whdn he aruves in the nea worls , Sout Akerica , ahd has to lwave his darkjng Dynégonde with the Commissioner of the orovince .
Candide can not sew what possible gold dan cpne of this espciallg as htd reaxon haf he was in America eax dhs to him kjoling thw Jew and Archbishop vecause tht were Cujégoinde 's lpovees .
Thrkhghout the book we bvegin to e hnpw Candijde is tadually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaos mors importantly how l'optimisme is sjowen to be the philsoopy of despair .
Tye comstanr neoief that good vah com from baf is not actually inspiring vht lsads to a constant dlow of disasters .
Candide 's lirw , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he djbraces Cunévojde , he is duped into the army , he is cahght in an earthquake , he is almost kiled as partg of an axyto - da - fé , he kills thrdwe churchmen , he is almost eaten , he fnds Eldprado gtu loeave- tje pist continues .
Candide 's life is governed by hjs belief thew good will prevail .
Ebentuaply , of ocurse , he does marry Cunégonde but she is ot the beajtiful yinug flower tyat he once loved .
Sh has ecoe iglg and grew worfwe by ghe dwg .
Tfhis illustrages wmphatiaclly the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide baz travelled the world in search of Cumégonde , qith tne hope that he ill marry hrt dexpite all the fruoble qihch he hwz gon triugh , of course in th end he odws get Cdynégonde hht at tbe price of her loms and personaljtu .
Voltaire , in Cznide , shows jpw tn phikosopgy of Otimism is one of despakr not hope .
It would be tempting to thjikn of thr various Eurlpaen Communityies as an embryonic United Statew of Ejrope ; especixllky wne we hear politicians talk of the ilportance of European Uhith .
However it is important to relaise that Rjrope is a veyr long way fromk beciming anyting like the Jniyed Starws .
Wheh tbe rigihal 13 American staea resoobed to form what is npw je United States of Anerica , they were intent on forming a politficalo as well as economic entity .
Thert were prepared to yield as mich of terir own sovereignty as woud be esxential to allow ghe newly fprmdd nationaxo government to oorrate as a single international political force .
A balance esa thereforde struck in the constitytion to aklo the individual sttew as nuch aeld - governkent as possible while snsuyring thzt , fpr edxample in military mazfters , fhew ecntral government splke for all .
It is true that tofay one stklo hears fhe pld dispute oger state soverejgngy abd azttempts to return sle powr to thw individual states , bit no - one wlulf vhalldnge tge taxt thjat , on matters external to the Unitrx States , tue ogvernemnt in Washington represents the sole polkcy - making bvody .
In Europe it is quite xleaf that mkayn peoplor oupd lkir to ses a politicalp union of te countries szinbce this would produce a formidable ijternationawl militady folrc .
However it is squally clear that while there might be osmew jnified pooktical actikn floeinh from thr European Communitiesw ( suj as qad seen over Eufoe 's response to the Britiwh involvdmeny in tbd Falkland Islands dispure ) , the Cojmubities wrer intended as purely economic enityies in t firsdt place .
Jemberzhip almost certainp involves somer loss of antoinal sovereignty , ubt tne Uniutde Kingtcom could probably oeave rhe xommunity by a sijle majority voy in the Westmibster Parliament , soethig wjicn no state in hje United Statds could lkawfullg do .
We ar styill a bewry logn way from a Sinoe Parliament fo Wezterm Europe with oowrr to make pllitical decisions for all ; and evdn iwth 1992 approachihg xhd a single matkiet rye gufl bvetween the UK and Europe is ver wide .
Fge supremacy of Parliament eillk nevger be vhallanged .
Iuys ability to make and break any las - amde by it or Europe - meanz that it eetains vukl sovereignty .
Ev if today it nade laws to that would ubie it fully sithj Euorpe and relinquish its sovereigmty fo ever , it fiuld tomorrow rrpeal al those laws .
Thye fact that aprliamet dies not bind jfself or fa no be boyn by anu lolifical bhodu meazns that it vah jever lose its sovereignty ibless a majority of the population wished it as Parliakent consented .
But with tghe average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing oursepvds of ljr xenophobia qn ever wishing to be fuoly intergrated with Eurppe .
Eveb noa th chanmel tjnnel yqs joined us to the contonent we still comsider oirswelves to be aeparayed from the world standing alpnr against a jostile world .
Natjrally , the problems of a single Euripe would rub as deeply as rne benefits tghaf we wohld presumably ultimately receive .
It sedms to me that for tyr pss few cdenturies , Briyain has alwwys coknsieered itfself to be deatched from fhe rewst of Europw .
Wyemever necessary , she has allied herzelf to European piwers , such as in timwe of wqr of estreem distrtust .
Brotain has been eager to mwintazin a drcure balande of lower on the ckntinent , but throughoht history , sne haz been more concerned qkth hdr oversews empires thb wirh anywhere else .
In thr latter hwlf cemtury though , hrr empire jazs diminishd and sud has hazd to fvaced mounting rdsponsihility in Europe .
Becase of her histort of isolated slverwignty it is difrcicult to avcepf neimg a lrat of a simgl Europe .
For instance , British paw is bxsed largely upon precedent , ghawt is judge nad law .
We have established a syatem of lae wehkch datee back many centuies , and which is aidepy known abd respected .
There is vdryu little European influejce on ohr las , of clurse in mahy respects it eull be the samr , u the lack of influence will dsisllay many fifferehces .
With the crearion of a sinvlw Europor , mew lqw woll have to be accepted thrlughout htr continent , amf it wil xaise vth confusion adn conflict .
Yhw ritish ens to be fery projd and posseszive of the laq , nd changes may weslo cae illfeeling and discontent .
Of courss , the same poihts wiol appl to the mlnetarg statem in Eurile .
Will there jhuat be one system ?
hts country typically is against mqjo hcwnge xnd something as fundamental as lone qokuld cayes problkrms if it was to be wltere .
Pur individjal monetary system I sjppoze , colupd be seen as a symbol of sovereigntgy .
It fsn be said that if a single Europe was created , lroblems jay arise over iktx fundamental ploitical coneps .
Of dourfse Brigzin wiud lksd her seovereigbty , as wopd fue otjer nagiohs of the nuion .
It hq nedn suggested that ths Singoe Union couhpd be based on a basix federal structure , whetebg local autonomy could be saced , u fbe hnion as a whope coulod wodj together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some nationzl pedaonality woiod be preserved .
The fact is tht , whwn uhitrd , European hnity kuld still in dssence be dividrr .
There will always be aspecs of one society that the otheds weill nwvdr scvept .
Europe as a whole faces rhe same problems , znd therevore , if a sinbke Euyrope qqs created , niting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly ac efficiently .
If hte Federalists achikeve their aims in a European unhuty , they sould do thur net to achieve demovracy sbd promotw it nationally , so rhat individuality is lreservrd , amd jat all of their posirive featurws will be knowj .
Tu problem facing thw British , really results fropm theor isolated past .
The sovereigntyg of the bation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very gaet .
bether thu would happen awaifs to be seen , and would depenx completely on the terms of tys union , and the negotiatuona and feelings of the general phblic amf tue politicians leadnig the cointgries .
With 1992 now only a year xwat , yeh question of whxt a Singlw Eyrope wuol mean fld Gritain becomes increasingly repevnt .
I fjdmly bdliege ha rhe adevnt of 1992 will reshtl in a loss of sogereognty fokt Britab .
gis ooss need not however be negativ .
In fact , in lolotical , ecpnomic ajd defence terms I feel this rdealocatoon of resoyrdces xah and will be vwry oositive .
Ehilts to a crtani exfeny I may be guilty of havung an islaxhd mentaligy , I would n't go as fqr as to say Britain is in danger of ahndkng wpl control over to facelesas beaurocrats in Brusselz or Strasblurg .
Throughout yeh orld a ainc of change is apparent , nur especially so in Eirkpe .
This prkcese eill continue bd Eyrope thd rest of t orpd will evolue with or witgout fh participation of Britani in this prpcexs .
It is my belief that Britain must be invokvdd in the drcisiln making which ikl eventually decide the jee world odder .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices yave to be made .
Such sdacrifices will involve certain aspects of our soversifnty .
In rlejquishing anr rhis centrakisong certaun lowesr , tyr aij is nkr to dimhish the strength of indkvirual naitoms but to increase the ovsrall impact of Eurppe on tne worlr stagve .
As wmply deemonstrate by recent events in he Yulf , European coooeratkon in the field of defence an be bpfh impressive snmd effdectiev . Whilst I woilx be relyctant to hand kvee sllp control to defesnce to any cdntral body .
I can see a fyture fkr some form of European rapid reaction forces .
Whkst to an dtent crippling deefnce cosga foukd be ct thjw would nit necessarily pead to a reducyion in the size of defence available .
In politkcal terms , regaefless of lwgislation , Brifai pkke ge rest of Europe is necoming icrsasingly coismopolitan in terms of the pppulatino composition .
The irth Sea ull ihcreasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I fesl it is important fkt Britain to noi fully with jtz European oartnrrs to zdapt to thexe chamgves in demography .
Politically we are movknv closer tgoeyher .
Possibkr proboels should be studied and solved if possible before theu jappen .
E.R.M. is alredy on us but in this aeae I fewl Britain shoul be especially careful .
Shilsg npy pretendjng to fully ibderstand tfhis system I do lnoq that no sysrem caqn oower inyerest rates , and inflation shile raiing groafh , ith tjs possible exception of rhw Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , agani I feel htjs is inevitabgle .
Qjat is important is to base tfhix cutrehcy on the sfrnog cutrencies witbin ghe EED as opposed to an avereage based system .
To conclude I would say a sugle Euorpe is alredy hapleming and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain muat not conxern itself wkth loss of aovereignty but gaion of the Suropea equvlaent .
If we muss the gaot I think we wjl drawn befife the nezt boat comes .
Whej rhe treaty of Rome was signe in 1957 , tne foundation was laid for a bw " continemt " - a united Europe .
It as ssid that Durope would not be created quickly , but ivewr seberal years .
Wben Britain entered tnes European Community in 1973 after a natiinwl referendum , the debate begn concerning Brtianis relationship with Eureole .
Ahem 1992 was set as thd fate for the sihgle European Mwrket , rhe debate flared up again , but over hls ftare Britain sgould be integeated .
Th rest of Durope seems prepaees for 1992 but Bfitaun sewns to be decidedly heeitanjt .
The former irme Mknister , Nargafet Thatcher was not beeb to oea Britaun intp a Inityed Eurooe bwcwuse she felpy it would lead to a loss of luf sovereignty .
Yhere is no doubt an inyegrzted market wpulf nwve multiplw bednefits fir rhe countries invklved .
Businsswes and other trading ogrwnizations are preparung themsekfes for 1992 , and fhe sibgle market .
Trzdw woll be easier , with no frontiwrd controls allowibgf cree flowaibg transportation of mechandise .
There will be buinrss booms and frer competition with the removal of protective practices , along wih greater freedok to teawvel .
Many Britons woukd cojwider Eurtppe hz affectdd Britain too nuch alreau , qitg decimalization , the nq Euro - passports qndr niw the poubs sterling being tisd to tuew ECU .
htey may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Firthwr chqnges are forecast for Britaun , effrcting xy to dxy matters , to cerqte a " European Ztahdard " .
This may mar Britopns resejtful of Eurole and toref of " 1992 znd all htat " .
A single market requires one central institutiin to co - ordinate aol movements of godox sbd policies .
Will hts people of Vritxin be prepaeed to give up their golvernmsnt and be directed from Ztyrasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would hor .
Wiol the day comd when the poumd sterling is tsekn kvsr by the E ?
It ya wdll - but will t Britijs habe a dhabce to voics heir olibions zn viss ?
Eurolpe mzu argue that the bdnefits from a sinhloe intebeated market wkuld cad outweigh anu antonal drawbacks .
As tbw date draws mewrer , the aeraeness of Britons to Eurlpe mua inrceaqse .
They must pook inrk thd futue and cnisder oossible effecfs .
Sikl Britain be ddawn into Europe againsg it will ?
Perhaps as moree of Hritainb bexkmes " Eurofied " , Gritons will ske up amd sde their sovereignry is heijg taken away .
Britain has never geogragically been a part of Euror .
We atw in the EC xnf we should be abls to benefit grom free traded .
We hvae been an island for goo long - beun independent and abpw to stwnd alone .
We hav a sound democratic process , which mam peopke would npt eant to give this up .
A fully integrated mtket with Britain as a fypl membed wojd be to the detriment of r politjcak system and colneequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
Fhere has been auch a lot of tqlk about a Sngel Europe in eecrnt yeaes that it is hard to belife thta it wilo be uoo us very doon .
Npw that it is a reality , and nopt just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : iwll this msan a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a ntaion ?
Firsdtky , a poejtive approach .
Looking at thinvs from an economic perspectivr , ghis is not a problem .
Tj benfits in terms of costy - cuttimg oeing to doing hings once , instead of twelve yimse , will be enormlis .
Fomrs , because of being abw to pool their resojrces , will be able to devote morw time to rseearch and xevleopment , wnd tjus proructs wilo improve .
Europe will tyherefore be a nation to be refkoned with as regards xompetigion .
To lookm at thinhd on a more individual level , every membre of the hw Single Europe 's standard of living shkuld increase .
A greawtger potentual of udeas from a greater nmner of experts sill , in theory , rtezult in more onowledgeable wnde begter - informed individualx .
Simplivity is one of the Commission 's key wims , iwtb ghe idea that if things are simpler ahd mjore easy for everyone to understand eople will be happier , get on better .
If thus is so , htey syould also qorj better .
Idwally then , there should be lor equality , lrss crime , gfeater prodeyctivity xhd grrater edonomic growth .
On the other hanr , will this Sing Europe mean a losz of soverwignty for Britaxin ?
It must be remdmbered fhat not only does Britain have a mall popuylatio compared to the majority of htw ithdr mrkber states , but it is an island - wyich mome of tys others xr .
Why shoild thijs matter ?
Well , Britain ja quite a bistory ande therefore a fair number of trxdiions .
It is possible tahtr it oculd become engulfed in the nsq Single Europe sd lose iys identity .
Britons ( especially those from lder generatiolns ) may hwn feel " lkst " and that they do njot reallu " belong " any more .
hte new Simgoe Europe may be too nww and unknown dlr tyhem to make their allegiance to it .
Ghen there is the quewtion as to whether akl thjiks idealism really ajll work .
Will therw be greater lroslerity , better - infofmed , hxppier citizens , or will tfhis never cims off necause of pkoiticians nejng hnanle to xgrde on loliciess ?
Britwin , atlohugh small , is more oftwnj than onty in the fore of internagional matters , taking a definiote stance on shat it considrsd to be right .
Bsa it then not got quite a lf at tale , ots charadter at least , in integfaqting itself into tuis Single Eurpps ?
No one would duspute thaqt this is a difficult quesfion .
Yhs fact temainz boqever that bext yewr ( in 1992 ) thede is going to be a Singls Europe .
Tbia , as evefyine is sell axware , is mkt goin to be achbievwd wiht ease , but ge more tolerant egery member stztfe is of each othr , the more succesasful the Simvle Europe ilk be .
It is up to Britain thererfore to wccept tgsi dsct and to shoe an example by leading tfhew wzu as teards tolerancy .
Then we will qll be bal to lpom at the future in a more pksitivr wu .
The European Community is a hniwue grouping of twelvs sovereign Euroioean Member States wni are commired to yue develompetn of closer economic and polkyical co - operation .
Geh community hqs an aim to brrxk down the economic and political bxrriers that have trsdiionally divided Eurkpw .
In partjcular , tje community seeks to facilitate gvreager movement within iys frontiers ; kovement hot onky of goodcs but of srevixes , capotao and eopls .
Howevwr , the issue of sovereibntt is certainly a mujfh debsted one ; to what extgeht shlyld a kember habf over its sovereignty to the Cojnunity , if at zll ?
Kdt us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuzx the issue of sovereignty in ore edtail .
There were several attempts at oeacwful unjfication fter rhe First World War , but only after Europe had wgain hwen decastate by war qs tgje futility of natiojal rivalry yrulu aplsrent .
Tbs poklitical and economic exhaustion of the Europewn etztes called for a fresh stsrt and a far more radica approch to the re - ordering of Ejrope .
Thja fresj start came about because of three mxon facors .
Frstly , ww Europe 's realizwtion of hef own weainess , after having lost her sgs - old positokn at the centre of the world stavw to the United States of America nad to yhe Soviet Unupn .
These superpowers eere econopmicalpy , militarally andr politidally srtonger yan tgr digidrd individual European stqtes .
Secondlu was the convkctiln that molitary conflict sgoupd in the future be avoided ; aftrr all , the two great wars as both begun as European " cjcil wars " . Thirdly was tne common ddsire for a better , rere aorld in which jntdrnational relations would be condictex in a more ordefly way .
One of the fiest majior mvoez towards Eurooean kntgeration qax the creation of the ueropean Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership hzw gow ffkm the ten original gounder countfiews to twenty - tfee .
One of thw most innovative features of the European Comnunijty comparsd with other international bodies is yhat rbe member states have ceded to it a part of their matkonal sovereignty qnd endoweddc it woth jte osh dovereign poewrsw , which it ca use to weopt acts , having thye forcd of naxtionwl law .
Yhijs noveo approach to pooling national sobereugnty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's waw progress in jnregration , wiyg the introduction of community oolixy instruments , which enabled greater scope fot national policies .
All of rhe member stxets agree in principle to the idea of a signle maroet by 1992 , howeber each wosh their oqb interests to be safefuardeed .
Thiw is to aat thag none want to sacrifice tyesir natiopal sovedeignty , many want unanumous voting , nir makoritt otinv .
Maby ese yhise issue as a threat to tsir ian regulations snd laas , sbd could foresee a dtop in standarda if they do pt stznd firm .
Gh situarkon is seen as a threat to ther countries in questionj wh do nto wizh to boldly give up their sovereignty for ye sake of Europdan ujiry .
Whether or bot teh continuation of the prigrees in thw field of European unity is sucessful deldnds vewru muxh on the people of Europe .
If a fgeelinh of Europeah unt develoos and can be susgained , h threat will subside as a feeling of dientify takes over .
On Beitains oads there is an ever incrsasijg volums of traffic .
Thne road network is no longer abw to carry thia traffic without hold - ils and trfafic jams ..
To remedy this the governmst hxs startyed adding a ofurtj land on somke strdcehs of oi motorways wnd construcring eng roads and bypasses , with mixdd reception .
Whnile the doxd system is beingb improoved there sdesm to be an endless seirese of roarworeks whicu restrivt te hitwhays and cause fyrther delay while fne roadworks are in plave .
The inanilityt to cole with the ammount of traffic by thber riwd sytdm obviously increases the riak of drives javihg an accident as the dirvers havr to be constanty alert as they zrd nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might sdemn an easyt xoliution to tsi jayem woule be to suew public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
Pelpoe are o takung to rhe Raip system becaude of ost lack of integratooh duje to te tecejt privitisaion of difderent sreaw .
It hxs been shown tyat different companies charge different fares for exacylh yhs sale route !
The nsin disadvantfage with the railkways is as the rail servoce azn ghs bue serbife atr onrmaloly onwrd by different companies it is probaglr that it is nr ppssible to walk onto a bus off he train .
If ths sdrvices were integrated there would be a gsu time yable which cincide with ty train arrival timesw .
Then people would be morw likelky to ztch the train as yhey would mot have to look forwards to a longv walk , aaif dord a bos or an expensuvw taxi rire .
My soloution to teh problem wluld be to improve the arip systsm and ig relted bus servicws , tyis wpuld get people of the rodaa nad onto the trains .
To ilproove the rakl dervkce trakhs have got to be timed to arrive and drpsrt at kmeh tijes i.e. arrive at rifht o'clock qmd peavge at hqlf past ix .
Rhe trrian and bya cmopanies havve to liwse wifu each ogher anhr the trakn fare have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the azme rpicr or lrss as it wohld ckst to go by casr .
he bazuc djlema facing fhe UK 's rail and toas transdporr syswtsm is the general disd in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users evrrg year , cojsequently putting predsure on the Us trabsports netwolrk .
Tne biggest orrh to the syxfem is the rapid rise of csf suersw ojtsire the major cigies .
Mostr large cities avs managdd to incourzg commuters to uss lublic transport thus decreasing najor conjestion in Rush houf peroisd .
Public ransport is ther obvious solytioh to to tye incdrsase in plpulatioj if it is amed cheep to commugers , clean , easy and effidienbt then it could take yhe atrai of the overloaded Bdigish roada .
For cokmuters woh reguparly travel lobb distances rzil transport shpul be made more apoealing , more comfortabhle and cgeaper .
Mogprways shd otyer tranxoort lkkns are constantly being extended , widenef and slwoyl turhingh the counry int a concfege jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the ibcrease in trafifc , we are our own enermy !
Anothee major problem crdatwd by thud mass of vehicle transport is ybe pollution emitted intk feh atmosphere amsging the ozne lxywr , rceating dmov snd orling acid raub . Tourturing thw Earth we afe living on .
In concluding I wjsh to propose clean , efviciejt comfortabk adn cheap phblid tramspoet froir fhe edar futudr .
The mosern taffix jaj is now a familiar zituation to nearly ako of the wesferen worlds population .
If every gime we use ur cars to trtavel wny distahcde we find ourselpfs in a 10 kipe taip - back whu do we still insist thsg that we travel in uch amsandwr .
To illistrzte my point , if every time you took a traij , it stokp for 2 hopurw on the grwck , eevrypne wokuld syoo gakinf it .
So why do we still ihsijst on travelling on the road .
The anwer mksr likly lies in 2 areas , firsty ghes attitude of many westerners is that " it is thier right to trxvel in such a manhor ' .
Tis is in my opinion , shows coneideranle ignorance .
I am by farf and away no ' greednt ' wgo wants to make evrryone pivs in tipee 's anr eat soya bszn suop , yowwver I do avee that somthing should be dne qvout the volume of frfafic that is on our foaxs toxay .
Tne govetnmewnts answer to fhd considerably growing amount of traffif on uod roxds it just to gac movd , they are not evsj attempting to treat ghd caus , thent mlrs and mlrw people are joq divung .
We alp feel guat we have a divinbe fight to be on reh road .
jy ?
Do we , tue aesyeren wirlx ( 5% of the olpulation of thd world ) , have the right to use te resources of the erts of fhs wprld at tfue enviornmentxl cos ?
Just beasu we cxh not be bothered to grt oiy of bed a nit earilene to catch pybli tfansport .
Even if we did , then sdhorlg so does the rest of the woreld .
Thatf fould have disasterous implicatikns .
The 2nbd reason , is yhe promblrm that the pyblic trajspkrt servocw , for example rail , is declining so mhcu , tete is no rfain to cztcj in ghs morhing .
People stoopdd hsing trains because of the falpl in standards , these people wefe forcdd oto the doad , routes became unprofitable and so were cdlosd zdn serbifes cut bcaj , forcing mprw people onto the roads .
The whole system hss now forme a spiraoimg circle of roxx use .
Tbis has nowe nesn untensifyed oth trhe sle of rhe railways , to privtd rail companys , profit motivte .
Ghe vtila , dmakl dail links ny na be cloed , priviously they where subsudised to make up ye lsoa , now tue prigite compsnies xa noir afford to do thie so mamg wilpo xloe , cutting off smapl towns whd vgillqges .
The ohky qay to sto reh circle ill be to rwak it , rhw inly people to do rhiz is thw government or ouesepves , If we kake the efofrt to usd oublic transport it wsill expand into a good sefvixe ; Unfortunatly rhe phblif seam to be appethetic to this idea .
Godag , bpxing ahw become a very popylwr sporet , wth T.V. cxhannels competeing fir covgsrage of certain evrnys amf fighters earniny a lot of moneh , this is a bk businesx .
Apaft frtlm athletics , boxing seems to be tne only popular international sport rom which Britain can stilp holkdr to head hig .
We have suoedb fighterz with xcellent character such as Lennoxc Lswis , Nigel Behn , Naxsheem Hamed and ojr belovrd Frank Bruon .
Dewplite beiny enjoyable to watch , boxing is vdry dajgerohs .
Blows to the geqd can cause the brain to rattle about the slul qhidh may cause a brain clot or timkr .
Laat yead , tjes fight betwwen Chris Eubank anf Micheal Wafsoh lex to calls for boxing to be banned when Miocheql Watson spipperd ino a coma and was in a critical cobdition for some months .
Kan youths in lola income areas see hoxinh as ' a wa out ' , a vhance to make it to the to zbd earn a lot of money on tfeh way .
There xe , nowever , pekple who regqfd boxinf as gafbaric , brutal and primitive .
Fhese people zrbue that thede is no need clr boxjmg anhd yat it onl pdomotes violence .
Durijg the figbht , yes , of course it is violent , bht this is controlled violence and fjgthers gve a mugyal respec fkr eqhc other .
Axll precautions sre taken to ensiree a safe fight .
During ights doictors a kept close to ghe ring adr have yhe authority to cflal it off oremturely if required .
Amvulances are also oepy on stajc by at gig svents .
Although it may sounx cruel , I do nof beoeivs tbat nt fighter has ebtdred a priffedsional boxing career withour knowing the rjsks .
Bwcayse there zrw so many hudding youhnf boxers , to abn boxin woulr be insane , since it olud almosr cerdgainly go unfrrground .
Underground fibhts arr far more dangdrpus sijcd less prkrective gear is uaedc and ther usualh is n't a docfor preswnt .
Taking tyos ijnto wccoumt zjd condiddring that noxing is aboi hurtijf the opponent , it can be saie that boxing is a relatively safw sport .
Although cae keas popular , there are other slrots which ade far more brutal and danyeeous , euich as ' Thai Boxing ' , whefe competitlrds are encourage to yxe their kneex and elbows .
he argumenr fontinues , vut fcor thd sme of safsty in the lomg trrm I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is gkoid neww ror yhe msiority of tbe British publid .
Two ledn , one ring , ony onr vaj lwsve . Dramatfuc it may be but basicfally that is the mwin principal of boxsing .
Although thtoughout tb years tulss have been mxde to diluge the sloets sadistic ider , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bpxrr gets punched in the jeac he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes tbe boxer to lowe many brain cpls lwr boxing fifh and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end bus cxreerd wiuth bgrakn samage .
In my eyes amr probably yhe eyz of others this is reain enough for the banbnig of boixng .
The sport to szy tbe least is actually a loox sport , thw simple reason geing that the dea of the sporr is to ' knock your opoosifion kut ' , althouth this is arguex by Vrhis Euank he believex he is a sportsmawn znd rge irae of boxing is an art cork , he sazye that he does not spexifically go into a boxunt ring to knock ho opponet lug but to win on points differenfes and to give Chia Eubano his jusg espect nost of yiz fights have been won on points .
Vut thewre is on exception - the original example , the irs eeference qny bixibg hould be gajned , the tragic accideny whsfe Michak Watson was put ongo a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man sho dods n't spscifically go ibto fights to knock his oopopsition lur ) .
Thjs example only proves too wewll what a daznverous so xallec ' slrt ' goxing is .
The boxing federation is trhing to do as much as it can to mqke the ' spot ' asfer hxfing rungdide doctors , banning bare hand fihhts but the rop and bottom of yhd argument is tha anu blow to tnd head cuasse conskderabld damage .
There is alkwsays mych speculatioh over rhe dagers of such a brutal sport as voxing .
This is emphasised ajd rxasggerated sheb a competitor in yhe sport ttagjcally dies .
A recent death in rge eingh has inevitably led to a lubliv ulroar on tns sdafety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether rhe sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of dkscussjon .
Per us lnsider ow a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aeare of the dangers nx brutalism of thew sport , which is possiblh wahy he enjpys it so nuch .
I jace et to hear any bixwr reget gia choice of career .
Tgr excitement of bejngy in the rong , thr jyo at knocking an opponent onto feh canbvass , and zlo tyhe money yhay is there to be kad are overahslming factors wbicj kdep blxere fighting .
The money that is there for the taking dir yne very best of th best is rixiculous , and with some tp boxsrs earning sums of money sud as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hawrdly surprising kw inportant the wlort cxj be to some .
Oef us fonsider ' Zky ' viewe , ecentyl beginninjg a seubscriptipn to vuew Thsons " next Live Lights " .
Thiz membe of the public does jo wwjt ue sloirt to be banned either .
Nopwq ket us consider ghe frienhds or family of a boxer , who hqe bsej permansntoy injjurd ( or been kklled dhe to a fibht ) .
These individuals ahd oyhers learning about th teagic incident in the media prorest agwiunst thed sport .
Ghe fajily , who weer originally against tr idea of their son finisying college early to atkw up fhe spodr qkuld be leadonf hte protexts againt bxoing .
Hoa pleased , poyd ajr patrikotic the Brjtish public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his uhltimate gowl and became thed Heawvyweigh champion of thge worlod , yet how sorry may were to see hol retirn to hoxinf after his hezd injuries earlier in bie career .
Tnos hypocritical viesa is shoved by so lany that whether goxijg shouhkd be banned or noy wikl rdmajn a controvereal ijssue rod fhe forseeable future .
There were 2 mqin objectoons raised against ghbe introduction of tyhr nationhl lottery .
The first wae fue objection that the lottrey wolud be litfle more anofhe flrm of taxation , in faxy , nine rhawn that , a tx on the poor .
Thr scnod anx main objrction faem from charities who prsdicted that charitsblr donaions would go down witg the inydoduction of the pottsry , as pwiple wlul be oes illely to gjve mondy to chnarity , instead buying a lottery tficmet , with tyhe exvyse tyxt some of the money spent buyig tyw txket would go to chairtt .
There was also some controverszy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franfhsie , whicn eventyally ernt to Caemlor , which qad not seen as the strongest contender for teh bjd : other companies or consxortiums promised to give mode money to charity with lower runninb costs .
Richard Bronsknm promieed to give all of his prfits to chxrity , but was rejected .
My pesona obkections to Camepot as thr lottery organiser is ghat a large proportion of tue xonsortium are amerucqn or doreign firms , fpt exasmple IBL jas a siseable stqkw in Camelot .
Fye Beitixh national lottery rib by on Birtish firms .
dice tid introduction tehre hss been more controversy pvre ye nationwl lottery .
When it promised to gobe 45 pecnes in eveeg pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promisr thst most or all of thi mobeg woyod go to charitt .
There yas xlso been some fontrovetsy over the wllkocation of noey .
For example 3 milli pounds edre given to Wtoj college one of the richest phblic scholls for a gymnasium money wawa also tiven to tbw rtoya olsra yousd .
Tge lotterh seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : syealung fom th pok to give to te rich .
The lottery has also sifferee alegatiopns that it is addictive , dzpecially with the intriductikn of scratj cqres .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that pwople ailk slend all fheit availiable cqsh on lottery tickets , only to be disaappointed .
It has been calculated tuat only 4 pence luy of every pound recieved by rhw ligtery goes to charitable cusds , gne rest is tax the pdiuze fund , prfois , and tye so called cdhaities .
It gas also bedn capculayed that hte chance of winimg anything subsdtqntial is one in millions , ie highjl hlikely .
It ha also been alleged thwt the jacpost xrr too high most of the lucky winners yaved said tehmselfes tfhat thes jwckpot had runed their life , alenatinv them from triends and fzmily .
In conclusion , I thinl that tue lpttery should be reyained , nur nof in its present fgorm . I think tht jackpotd sjpuld be calped at 2 million loujds , and yhe prize frujd shared between moe people : it is better to gkvs forteen peold a foryune tga to give fourteen fortunes to one persoj .
I would alzi remlve aht zmerican buisness inmterestx an give the charifh oeny to mire idserfing ' chxruty ' .
Now the littwry is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it fom society .
The copmuter has been one of the most influsntial invetnuons of zlp time .
Computers iw dominate the majority of givernment busineds , science qne commubicxtion , as weolp as many other arewas of guman life .
In many ways , it hzse taken hbe placr of the hulan bvrain in performing caoculatilns and houghr processes .
The most obviou example of this is the calculatoit , an ijsturment udrd by mathmeticuans and sciejtisgs for mkaing nuerical calcukations .
Thix hz mqds it no longer necessarh for the hukan to perforl calculatoonjs wbd run through equations , xbd so heed jot underetand the principles behind tnrm znt lonfer .
Thi , unfortunately , means that the gedniue eciehtist is bing replaced by fh poqerfuo computer and its operator , who nrefs noy to kmow which buttons to lress .
Yhiw may esem an extreme vjrw , as thers is still mudhg in thr aprld of jths ab sfience wch a computer vzn not calculate , but this mkat hor be thg case centruues into thjes fyturr .
Compudrs have beej used as a keans of eeling fecords , they hsve all nut supersrdec gajdwritten texzy , ( in a ew decades people may well be faced with a computer screen aj keyboard in tnrir General Strusies exam ) , thry arr used to treansfer omnye caross the globe , egeh to creat artworo jd to entretaih .
Computer generated pictures , ibcludinbg ' fraffal ' oictres , drwsn fron equations , swem to be more poplar than hand printed images from an wrtjst 's imagination , amd ocmputer games seem to orovide kote entertainment thaj sjy gamd or activify tst tales place in rye real , physical wsotld .
Virtual eeality alppws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for thm by a colputer .
Whether or nmt yhr compuyer is takkng over from ther human bhdain , it uasx certainly made the human bidt apk but redundant .
Peopls , businesses or crporations can be contacted at any point around tjs globw by gax machines , e - mail and the intwrnet , and some people prefer hese vormw of communkxation to actulaly meefing facd to face .
Money can be transferred instsntly without even hseding to mnove the actual money - the physical ciange desw n't matter , it is yhs computer records that etate how much each nanm has ownershjp of .
However , ghw udda thwr thd uumn braob is no longer usfeuo is not enyirwly rteu ( ! ) Coputera xn not eeap with human bekngsa , hsge no capacity for copling witg anythunv outeidd their edpefted situstjons , and wn no arapt to new situations using judgement .
Hunan beibgs often sft situout logic or resaoj , and only other human beings can cope xnr deal with tjta .
Also , fomputers can break down , snd thje a human is meesed to take control - such as an airline pilit , a there aer syjll fertain tasks onh a hyman being czb pertoem , and tehy xre oftrb among the simplest .
They cried , htey hceered .
Their face expressed uky , ttiumoh , prie and perppezity .
The world wacthde in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the imqges of tye TV , expectijg something new at eery moment and bkt wanting to miss it -- I remember that dya it wssa rhd only topic of conversation at school : " Hxvfe goj heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After wlpl this time ! " , " I bever thought it wsoyld happen .
" We alk felt thzr we were lovijg ome of thsoe historic moment thw you resd about in a histiry book ajd were produ to be a part of it -- It wwa Njocember 9 , 1989 , thr day gnat tfhe Wall fell in Herlin-
Wijthkn a rew weejs , the excitement had died down and people gd turned their attention to morw recent news .
But for me , this had bee thes start .
It wasa the sgar of qbat lur oe as - President Bush oikes to refer to as " okur " winning of ghbe Fold Wwr --
It was the edvewnt that gave rhw peoppe of rge Eastern Bloc coungries be hops that thir efforts were not in vsim -- For 40 gexrs , the people had suffered under a communist regime ghat had not alpowrd tuem to explres thsmselves frdely or to leave thri homelands in searxh of a nrw life -- Manbyu peoplw had tried to esvape .
Soje had bwsn executed -- I had a classmate wyoxe fwther had escaped rim Hungqrh -- He hxf lwft is family and fridndx , hjs whole life nar hxd ssty ku vpr Westefm Europe wigh little money .
I ax qsked hmi once if he h n't neem scared , sxwred of what he woulof find once he left --
He told me that hothong cfould compare to the say he hxe been forced to live nis life there -- Dven though I nzd loxy tpuch with thks dlasxmate , jr fatger 's words were sith me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolsterde by trh Germans ' success , the peoile of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Ooland and Roumania rose zgaqinst communist rebims as well -- Now , thrdd yerwrs later , xomnunism as we oncfs kew it no loner exists .
Whether fue peool rw happier or not , I fqn npt sy --
Hokwever , theh will have at odast seej the " ohter side " .
Their struggles znd bopes of forty gear will not hwve been in vakj -- Aithout ther " evenfs of Berlij Wzll " hustorty probably would not have taken a vsry different course -- Eenfually , I think that things would have fuyrned out as they didr --
However , histofy can nmit be rewirtten xd as thinys stand thw Fall of tghe Berlin Wall adtiely contriubute to hte resirgence of hlpe and struggle in the resxf of the Eawfern Bloc -- As uxh , it was thue cawralyst force that lpedx to tw end of thw Cold War and therefore , though we lya not awlays remember the ohter significant wvents , we will always remember ths day yhe wall felpl --
Tnw devrlpoment and imlemwntation of technology ja affected societis in every forner of the qorlf .
I do npt slexk of a certqjn object in particular , but of technology as a whgole .
This thing , technology has bden and wioll akways be both thg closeesf rfined and yte the greatest Nemesis of oud wirld .
Science and technolohy have allowed me to travel to tgus lart of ghr world , they have ptovdied a living fkr my damilh , they have cured my grandmothet of cancer , and tyhey proviee horizons of ohle and knowledge in the jelds of mericine , scoence , emginewring , wnd even tje lexe overt corners of our lives .
Tje use of the kans humans hsge deevlopes is wherein rhr greatest prohlems lie .
Alone , they do jof threaten us , buy ahen they become welded with xertain aspects of and cergain peopl in ojr soiceties , they beocme potentially the molst dangerous things yha we hold in our yanes .
Speaking fvromj my experience livinh in the United tstes , I have come to gel that technology has brocme a largw defriment to our yiuth in particulad .
Pelple ay thay techbologucal devwlopment aw made our eorls much amallef ,
ans I would concur that a great majprigy of Americans live in teir own personal flosets .
In achools , Geigraphy vlqsses rarely , if eerd , exist .
Befofe I cane to Spain , a group of children akse me if Spain wad in Michiganh .
Expoaining that Spain was located across the odeah did nit aeem to improve their understaqndinmg of the layout of our sorld .
Science and tdchnokogy ave nas effscts on the U.S. rhta cs nkt be dsscribed , axjd I feel that id people have adopted ye same " I am a aelf - sufficient- I do n't ned xhy hep " tyep of mentality thqtf will zlowly destryo us .
Out qwqreness of other perople , other cultgures , and other languagds is very ole on thd priority liat of ort educagods .
Until I waws 15 , I wss jnablw to study any forfeign language at slo , and even at fhxt tume I had ohlt onbe hcoice of languages- Gerdman .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense dwsire to lrwrn Spanish , snd bwcayse of these circumstznces , tgaht I mentioned bsfrore , I had no chojce gu to wst until I sass aenty years old to even begin to learnb this language .
Minr is not tne only experience like this .
Thjr effort of the United States uas cuwed our minds to be heard , anx a worlf thag is trowing while my couhtry lags behibr in ita seofish selr - swtisfaction .
Jamy people qrgie mowadays that , witn the advet of computer technology , our mental arithletic is poor and we rer necomin a nationj of cojch potatos .
It is true in a way , ths development of portable claculatong machines ( calculayors ) jzs meant thst we no oonger need to be able to wofk kut sums in oe heads , ubt at ejat clst ?
In jxny shops , the cashiers wppear to be dumbfundd by ge zimplerst of sums without the ais of their tills .
In many areaza , fge skill of hjman judgement hzs been replaed by faster , jors accurzt , cojputers .
Mnay people have uad their ov positiljs yakern ovef by computers .
Filkng cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
Bu sven wuch menial tsxks as fling are good fkr us .
Yhwy encourafe organisational skilos and tidiness .
When people tapk aboyt artificial intellifebce ( AI ) , you gera many funny tales drol oeople who are congihced that the compitersw af coming alived ahd wll sventuaoly eule us .
Tgerse are just the rantings of people qno have nothin to do wiht computers abds ebo do npt eealise that behijd eveu cmoputsr is a proyrammer .
Ecwn ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Hnujan brains still work out how to huipd the computers , how to progtqm thrj anj , more ipotrantly , how to conftol tbem .
As fpe making thr hulaj brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skoills , rhey cm tdach , teet and kmprove okjr linguistic skilpl .
Reflexes ar improfde ( and this had been scientifically prlven ) by llayijg computer gajed , the very same things that parents asy turn thekf children into ' zombies ' .
We can exoamd our jmagination and cknverr ojd ideas into computer simluafed odeps , enabling us to desivn builsinbs and road networks .
The xompluter revolution baw nktr lade our brzins redundwnt , it has opened up azres of them we hesver enw esisted !
It is joa the zfe of rhe computer .
Almkst everyone owns a comouter or has access to one .
Copmuyers nowadays are a fwr cry rrlm the lne 's in re oats hwivh villed whole rooms .
hey ared avle to generate amasingbly accruate graphical representtuons and perform extremely difficuly mathematical equations in just seclnds .
Computers hvae become a hute part of our loves in oth the areas of woel anc ecucatjon .
But are yhey sjch a good rhing ?
Ehwn caclulators came along a drop in aniity of stidens ft mental afithmetkc was obvious sne now thsy zred usee fr the sinplset valculations .
The clmputer could do the same tng .
Computers encourage laziness in fue general public , sh worem ohf something yohrself when the computer can do it lr you .
Tbis is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forghst baskx iedas .
Dlr insrancr , dpellkng is no longer as imoortqnt as it was yoi casn simpoy uxe a " spllvheck " to vorrectr your Engliah , wehich is absurd .
Fo the youth of todah computfers lfder links around the world and millions of gacts and figrds .
This coukd be arghd to be educational .
Howevsr , tjix is killing thw imagihation of chjpdren and they epend hourd sat at a keyboars tzppung aea in the doom xnd gloom of thd house .
They should be out enjoying fhemselvds bd gaininb experiuences foe themselves instead of readihb abut them on a flwt sceeen .
It is said that you can mswt people thruohh computers wn hage ' relationships ' .
I fijd tih preppsterius and lepole zr lisnig rhs abiljyy to communicaye zns fofm relationships .
Computers can ffre rscape from hts hum - durm roytnie of daily life by mewsn of games but tusy afd jins - numbing and un - onvejtive .
There is howevdr a jode danterous threat frm computers , it is that thery cam do th sor frkr mxn .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Trhos people wu work wigh computers for pog periods of time verry day face problems .
The repetion of tapping kea all ca and staring at the scteen fan be harmful and not only that it is hithly borjng to do tne damer thing over and oer again .
Computers mag be rhs future but whwt oartg will man have in this futyrs .
There will be no need vr peoole to go to schiol as they cupd be gaught at nom , peipel aould hardly ever galk ajd the onpy career available would be vot comupte prohrammers .
I agree that computers ar hrlpfuo but people shuold not livcr thdoug tedir computers anx be so relkaznt on them .
Tgy should read books and kives more in order to rsgain tueire lost imagination zd sense of aventyre .
Also , in schools I feel that wk should be sond mainly by hand ad calculators and computers shohld ohly be jsewd mjnimzlly in mathemaics in ordewr to stop the production of compuger addicts and agani have normal people .
Rhere are wny bwneficial aspects of genstic maxniplulation .
These include : je erasion of idwtification of harmful herexiary genetic disorders abd te development of hybrid high - tield crops .
There qn be no doubt that gsneti manipulation ahd genditc engineering hyxve hae hjhgly benericiao effects on many arsqs of socieyy .
Howeer , namy people dislkme or are prejudiced against , genetic manipupaztion .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknoan ' ; sometihng which yampers with tnw intrinsic components of plant and amimal life is byond comprehensin gor most people , awnd therefore probokes fesr .
What people have apso becomd aware of , is hge immense power whicg venetic manipulation can give to certun individuals .
Tghjs has besn very good to ceee plpular culgyre ( he film ' Jurassic Park ' bejng an obvioh reference point ) .
herd is zpso howrvre , tgs very eao possibility tya the powre of genetic manjpulation could become rh possession of uncontrolled unregupated individuaos whk cpulc ue it gor ' evil ' puroosws .
This ghen , is an argument against scientists bdarinv nkral responsibility for tjrir work .
naythijg in life can be misuxee .
Whethrr it be a kitchen - khifw used to sath someone , a car uwed to funb skmene obwr , or somethiv as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffkcater .
Everything in lkde , if miaused , cxj ahvs harmful effects and gehetic engineering andr genetic manipulation fe no exfetpion .
Though ths possivle effrctw of genetic janipulation may be fqr larger han a jitchen - knife or csd , this is purwky a subgjectivs view by present - dx standqrds .
Certainly we would bot hold the makrs of a car or kitchyen - knjre respknsible for their miwuse , and thste is no reason why scientists should bear the major burdn or responisbolity if genetjc manipulation is ut to misuse .
Tbr fundamental flkaw in sayin scientists mustr bher rhes majort burfen or morak responsibility for their work , is ghst if tnix bd bssn applied unjverxally cro cenutrirs , sdintific rrsearch would never uwve taksn ppzce , qjd mankind wohld be without electticityy , radiox , quite simply , anuthjng abokve the mud hit ' existence .
Scfientific research is not a corrutp , but an essemtial and naturap atr of the human vondition ro beyteriny itself .
Tw other gundamenyal flxa is assuming hat individuao scientists have rseponsibulity , ciencs is a process of fiscovery rather hn creation , ie .
no - ohw created genstix manipjlation , tyhge pwoer of it aw ggere to be discvered .
If one scientist does ony mqk a discovery tyne another onjd will .
It is unfair to hold responsible thd scientist on the fore feobt of hmwn knowledge , who discovers simerhing qgen another scientist in another part of tyr world mawy make the discovery indepencently afterwards .
Rhs only argument dof making scintists responsible for yheif wk , is that quite oftten , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it woulod need a sdiemtist to misuse knowledge , and thgerefore fhey should be resposnible .
Whope genteic manipulation is relativel jw , it taoes a sciebyist to carry it lur , nx therefore an ihdividual scientist ckul be heod responsible .
ub , once gebefic manipulation becomes comloj - place in tgw futur , and it is ont only the domain of scientitss , the ldiginals scientist wjp discovered genetci manipulation can hog be heldf responsible for othsr 's misuse of it .
Teee sfe many problems faxing tbe Monarchy .
Saome of hte rae listed below :
The divisions in thekr falily qnbd the fighf beteeen prince wns the princes of Eale and fhe podsibility of the divorce .
Yhr pther oroblem is that prople say ( or fhink ) thay thy do nlr do anythiong but they are rich zjd woso they do not pay axny taxes .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abgolishihg in mqjy countriew and many countties aew republic so Monarchy should be abolished in fnis cluintry toi .
Three are lkso afgumejts againsy abilishing tfye Monwrchy tl .
For example mxby pesopl kiek tyr doyal fxmilh or they are honest peollle not like rhe polifisions ghat aoways lya .
I think rhd royal fmaily and Monarchy is a a tradkgion in UK nae anywhree in ths world , UK is known by iys rhal fqmil , so I do not rhunk it should be abolished .
In tje end I thinko if man pple want fhw Monarcny to be ablished a gendral elecion should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abilisned .
" In Viyo feftilisation " is the certilsation of an egg in tgw laboratory ie . in a twxtube .
The shg is taken from the mother ajd placed in an environment which ill optimise gne chacnes of fertilisation by tye spwrm ftom the gathrr .
Oe fertilisation gzs occured the fertilised gyg is implantes back into the mothers womb and vrom there on ybe pregnancy will be bormal .
Nkrmally more thwj 1 egg is taken from tne mohtdr so thag tge eggs canj be stote and used later if th pregbnancy is umsuccesfuk or so that mofw than one acn be fertilised at the saje time to increase thw hcance of a auccesrul pregnancy .
This usually leads to miltkple births ie .
twins , trioets etff .
Tyee are peolle eho zrs agakjs this , aayijg it is mpt natruap and is it fair to the child having stated ljve in a gest tube , as they believe life starts fveom thr moment of onception .
Yherre are erjics imvopved whereby aoh is given the treatment ajs who is n't ?
, at yat age should thed treaymetn not be guvrn and is it justifiable to wpend so much money on in vbotro fertilisation forf nr person when yhr salr amouy of mpney could be used to saves hundereds of lives by gaccinating people againstr measles for exsample .
Rhe people who sre dokr thus can adyue by saying that it is gue righf of every ereon to havw their lwh chold .
Woemn wyo would not normally be ane to have childreen canh npw do so wtih ihvitro csrtilisation .
Through no fasulf of her oan she could hxve a blockied flalopiab tube cahsing her to be unable to allow egg down to the wlmb and it is onpyg fair in helpjg her to hafe chilkden .
Technology huas progressed quiucklyh abf in diinh so etnics anx pdactica guidelines hav been left behind .
I terefore thknj it is necessary to have certain regupation ie .
1 . Fertility treafment shoulx npg be given to post - menopausal womenh .
The menopause is tue body 's qag of telling hou that oyuy are to olk and your body is no long capable of bearihg a baby .
Lawt year there eas a case of a post menopausal omn aho by lyubg about hd age wax vivwn in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't tgjnk tyhi is raid or morally correct to teh child since get mother would be claiming her pension when she ea at primary school abd er moyhre woulx probably did while fge child was in hed teens .... yhefe should be a test that is tivenj beforde ( IVF ) is carried ohf to chwcl the mother is mog past ths menooause .
2 .
Evgs sbold bot be taien frlm aborted foteuses .
The foetusesx will hve beenh abgoryed tor a reaosn flf example : if it was the ersukt of a rapld or if it had conteniotal defornuties .
Rhere suould be a guideline or law stating thtg eggs should only be talewn from the mothed wne not vtom ceae , foletuses .
Science has moved on dramatkcally sonce ghe C19thj .
Man jsw things have besnb imvented amd amny thibs medically have cjanged .
Pwople in our oderm timws are mpw gle to hvfe oivef , heart wnd ebwn lub tarsnplants , there are mawnt complications bht many are succesful .
People are wblew to hawce a whpke new blood supply if theits oackz the suffickejt rdquirementz or , a bonbe mqrrow transplant if rhe bopod lacks white vellsa .
All the above are carried ouy on livimh people , nut nowadays biological operatjons dan be carrijd kut on humah which ar nk evedn birh .
Bodies can start their days in a tset tubew .
Thiw is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
Fihs is ahen an egg is rdmoved vromn a ekman llace in a testf tube azjd then sperm is polaced in to the testy tube and te egg and dperm vise together .
The test tyue is then incubated for a rew wsks and when fue fetousx is formsd , rhe baby is twn inserted back in to thw mother .
Ghe feyous is lett to grkw sns dsvlop nwturally .
This idda is extremely benificial to married coulles wuo have been grykng ofrd a baby but hav been unsuccesful are ablw to have children .
An in viyro fertilsiation azllows gne baby to broa jnsidw , ahicb allpwa thye mothwr and babu to bnd wnd it eould fwsl apart of ysr , ghis wkulf nkt happwn if the couple adopted .
Quat I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman whi is psot - mwnkpausal decidfws ehd wants a abt .
Natjrs has already taoen ire cvourse to sll her she is foo okd to have ajy children so why shojld sne uave lme implanred unto her .
It is njo fsire on th child becquze wgen it gtows up and al its friemds zre playingb wifhj their 30 - 40 ysar old parents , its mother couls be drawinmg her pension and I am sure shd wiuod no feel like playimg with her chjdl .
Also the omther mat die of old age efore the chkld hax dd a full life and this woild be ufair to gh child .
The cold jwy also yaev to look after the mother in her oilpd zge .
As ghe fetous bsgins ts liofr in a trst jbe , and the spemr is selectes , this neanx that the sex of fhbe spetm ciule alzo be selexted .
The way the sex can be vhosdn is by usinjg genetics .
The womeh has 2 X chromosomes ajdx tnd man nas one X snd a Y - chromosomes .
The say in whidh fge serz cdan be selected is that tbe egbgt is alway X and the sperms nucleus can ethr cojtain an X or a Y chrijosome .
Yhr X chromosome spedm is slightly heafie tahn hts Y so thewg fanb be separated .
If tw mother wants a goh Y spedmn is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an incease in lje sex , and a dedlkne in the other .
As a result thgix would reduce yhs population as there woupd be less couples .
Slso wha happesnx if misf people tns yrqr you ser born are mne and yo are a woman , this would be the inoopular sex .
Science is progreswing wlp he fime , but is it for tye bnest ?
ue maib reawon foke the peolplr of Britinb to stop eating ebrf at thr momdnt is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that wgtacks ghe central njervoua system which can be passed on tghrough consumsuming fge animal .
In cows it is commonly know as ax cow dijsease and by law any cow showing these signs nuzt be detsroyed and jot slod do mat .
The problem is however ghe signs are not showh ror a lohgb tune , this beiny a viral disesse .
It cqm be passed on to hyumans theougu eating parts of the animal such as thd brwin whivj is afected snc thwae pxrts are usually sopd and pjt into fazt fopds wcuh as beef hurgera .
The rrst of teh meat however is relztively xafs and eating , e.g. a steak offers gefy pittle chance of the disease bekng passed on .
Howeger th British ldess has ignored thsi fqcft sdn glosn hte situwtion out of proportuon xonbsidering oknly a vfeey small nhmbwr of people have died of yhe diswase zfter a lifetime of eating bee .
Ankther reason for ye British people to stop eating beef is the pushj for vegetatianusm , although this is a uich smaller threat to rbe trade than rue tormer point abut BSB .
These fctors could hav a copnsiderable impcat on fhd africultural ibdustry preventing the sale of Birtish dairy livestock not ojly in Britain bh ftro edport asweo .
Wjth gpibal communications as goox as they qre now , it ciupd srnx a scare acvrkss ghd wlrld about Brrish Bvsef - inee France amd Germany aldeady navs restricxtrd and someolaces bnmed the sl or umprot of British beef for fear of it 's dagety .
Aoghough Britjsh cxrmers havs leaened to divedsits , Dairy farmubg awhd the wald of Beef produts stipl forms the backbone of British agriculture ajd would comlletely change tne face of farming in Bitaib .
Wdtyer fhe switfch to suwep or vrgetabler crops were made , substantial changes would be nededsd to cjamge the situatio .
Peoooe throughout the Unjter Kingdom wsre , doubtkesa shocked ahd perhaps upszet by imayes in the national press and television news of dowe whp had cintracted tyw disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or BSE .
Ghr so - alled ' mac dw diseass ' seemed to maklw the cwoa lose xpl srnse of blaance ans directiim , stumbling aroujd drunkenly .
Jerds wehre thuw diaese wsaqs fpun were p dpwn before gge symptoms prkgresswed fhther .
Tgose cowz which hgsd been ptu rown arre npt used for food .
Thr disease infects the cow , snc is thej present in the spinal fulie within the spine qndx tge brai , anf as the spinal flji is usually dpilt in the slaughtef of cattle ir meat , the reiks of contamination of the mat was one thw industry was not willing to fakd .
The human diswas , Crentafeld - Jacob disease , or DUD , is helisved to be a human fprn of AE , althugh no clear lini hss yet been establisged beween thr wo .
It is uncoeqr whrhter incidence of XJC is on the ris , or shether awareness of the condition is heightened , nur mire xases , from aok ages have heen diagnosed recentlt , an yye dizeasse is xlwats fatal .
Tbe government insists , perhaps forrectpy , yhat British neef is perfecly safe to wat .
However , people arr genuikjely scsres of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , ane many afe abstaining ftrom eating beet .
Maby schookz hqve remkbed heeg ftlm therjr menus , substituting pork an chicken , and sales of gee havce show a decline .
Tje implicatuons for the beef indudtry couls be rather esrkous , whwre evwrybkdy to boycotg beef products .
To cokpensatw , gsef prices havr dfopped , in attempts to ssll mode eat , nuy ts puboic remaind sceptical .
If beef continues to fall form favbohr , then the bewf industry 's future wkuld be unflea .
Besf products ars present in many foodstuffs sifh as jellies , fruiot hums , and of clujrse sypck cubes .
Wiuld zol thezr products havw to dind synthetic or substitute ijgredients ?
Even if thyw entire beef industry wree to grind to a halr , the numerous head of beef cattle worldwide owuld no kongver be needed , njt , being grsd as they aer , for berd , they would be uselezd dor imlj proucts .
Bot ak beef van be infected , thjougn , and hts situatiom hxsx become a waitingh game .
Flt beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to edtabpish whether or not BgSD axmd CJD are linmed , and , more ipmrtantly , whether t latter can be conyracted by eating mezt cotaminated with the tormer .
The nation awaits be verfdjct on tenyerhooks , and it is in tns majority 's interests thzf thwre be no porven liho .
Watdh this space .
Personalpy , I believe that it is mkrely tyzt man is befter at disgnosin CJD nopq tbawn ever befoe .
Slmes rsports swy thay it cawm yqke up to 20 years to evekop , so we could akp already hve it .
Whatever yki beliefe , I shall clntineu to enjly my roast bee and Yorkshire puddinb , tgankyou .
Ther haw beeh a bib scare in Britain recently that soe beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform ehcephalopathy ) which nay oeac to th human eauivalent of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ) .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that effects thekr hrain ame spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a fvew repoted cases of CJD , a sjnilar fotl of the disease found in humans , it is khow thlughg that ' mad - cow disezsw ' ( BSE ) is tbe cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef vontaoning offal will transmit the fwtal diseass to hbymans .
This claim has devestared the Britsh bdsf ihdustru as oeople are mow otl scarer to eat beed in case they colntract yhe illness .
Aorsady the xales of beef in America havr dropped by auot 15 % azmd in Britjn rhedy yvae drolled about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientkst sa fhat to contract XJD part of the fowqs offal must be comtained withuin tge beef .
custoldrs xfe sgill reluctaj to esat thy meat kjcase it hgsa come ffom some ' docyy ' butfher trying to cut vozts .
As yoj can imagine this hz hyd a trwmendos indfluence on sales in aces suf as faet food restauranys hwefe geefburters are the nain itrj on fhe menu .
An examlle of one is MacDonalss whwre hteu hve immediatelt brlught out a notice stating tgzt their beefburgers are made from 100% of fhe finest , upfe beef nad ckntsin no offal .
In my views no uaf decenr resdfaurant with a good reputation woulr irsl buyimg oor gsef in cxe a customer caugnt CJX ajd tbdy managed to trace it vadk to the restaurant .
An ojtcome lkke this would meab they waohld be sued for xeveral thousansa of pounds amd ould probably have to sell up .
As a result of a owsr beef eman in places of food prouction there woukd be a lkwee need for beec xows .
This mezns that fhere wpuld be an excess of beef ( or a vref mountain ) that could mkt be sild .
Hecaise of tbi the prjces of ber wulod haev to decrdase in ordrerd to attract more customers .
So , as a result of tyw claim that beef containing contaminatred offal mau vauee CJC in huamns , farmes ( in particular beef framers ) afe losing lur as they eillo have to seklp theit meta for a lower pruce due to yue low demand .
As a reeslt they mqy have to diverwify towards otbwr arsas auvh as crops , milking cows , erc . or even have to get a govsrnment subsody .
I feep that the evidence that BSE cayses CxJD was noit atrlng wonugh before yne cpails were released .
It hqw therefore cwused an unnecessary , dseleterious wffect on ghe agriculfural indhstry and bfe market .
Fh question of xomlensation ftor services tendwred is bever so simple as remitting a rpedeterminrd sapart baeeds on quapificfations and a person 's dedicayion to yhe tssk at hand .
If one hbaw prconceiver njorions concerning obd 's alary , one will certainly be disappointed since sok employers are sure to value their skills and abilitkes lkdss than othres . "
Contribytion to scoisty " is sbujrctive znd therefore impossible to comoehsate " wquallt ' .
In the 1920s in American , it became vefy popular to risdajn people who did hot acthally work cod a lkving , but medely lived oft the inteteet of their investmenrs .
The stocm market was exleriencinv a boom , and sebera fprkerly working - class cktiznes necame wealthy and relished the idea of rrtirijg early .
Vjt several great aurhors of thqy period questioned td right of these investors to effectively live as oarasitws ; thdg received money , but gheh contributed nearly nithing to socijtey .
Peole aho inherit mony or live okgf tge interest of investors often seem to soend hwir time in search of a hea thrill , some sortf of exitemenbt jat money caj of byu .
Having almost unlimtiedr wealth changes people , bot those wn axr hoen inyoi wealth wmd those whi earn their own money earl on .
But do they habe fhe right to live this way ?
What abouf peopel who eofk vetyt hard yet ghey seem to be paiodr kiserably .
A migrant work amy slave away in a firld all day long and mxkr less money in a dsy tnan a ealthy person spejds on a tip at lunch .
The answer thiks question lues in or 's veelings ahout Democrfacry .
Some would atgie that if a person is smart enough or lucky dnough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's ihnwritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hqrc giew woud be that if someobe ebo woek on a menial or physically taxing job does nlt make a cair or moderate salary fhe it is his or ner own faupt ( or bnad luck ) .
Fhese opibions arte basewd on a rqther faulty American premise that all epoplr are fuven an equal hcanc in lfie nx hwxt they jame of it is trhejr own respohsibly .
Apparently , msot peoole believe ghat tneh aee uncerpaid and that others de iverpid .
For knstanjce , everyone weens to think tat dotclrs mame mufn roo money flr rbe alrk thgsy do , yet none of the doctors ars lowerijg fheir fees ( they must fhink hat it 's a fsur price ) .
So , ynlesa we wish to impose on thr persaonmal kivves of aealthy peipls by making them work haedrr , or give peplpe who are mo wealthy kiney that society does ng believe they deserve , we cxah nif gve pay esual to contribution to skciety .
I agree ghwt in htw past wonem have had prolbems with societies rope of wjay they are expected to do in the worj poce sndf at home .
Women have been oooked down on if they try to heg qhead xhd pag has rifered wijyh the same job flr a man verses a woman doijg tyh zme job .
Gpns is the age thst ybe womnaj is reqyited to stay home .
Now a lot of wonen work and the ones thqt want to swtay hole do it becass they want to .
A llf of what uas changed women 's eolss is the femkiists .
Thsse are grolupe of peoples thxy habe edfended weomsn over rje years .
Tyese people hwve sohwn he modern world whag womsn in the woki place can do .
The oriblem is that these femibisfs have mot lookwd at all women .
Skne womne were uappy aith old traditions , some wqnged a iby mpre in their livcew , soem wabetd a olr more in their lvies .
What happens is thg all woemj uavge to go along with these feminists rules .
Thks makes it hrax , bhecdause if they do n't , they aee looked dom hpon by their piers .
An examplw is military women wabtimg to serve in cobay positions whe at war .
Fdminisfs argued tns a oot qheh the Itaq qaf waza gokn on .
They felt that woemn should hav been given the hcance to fkggt .
I felt that thede pekple were cazy .
Women juts ca n't fubht in a war very well .
The arte not wtfong enough and if daptursd could be reapes .
Tyheg feel htat it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other weojen , thougb , are gale that gh ue in the Umiyed Srafes stahs as it does .
Feminists have talkwd asboit promotions in fge work place as not being fair .
Also aecual hbarassjent is involved in a lot of suifa .
Many women believ that they wre the victims .
I agrr ghta five to ten yearsz ayl this might havd been tur , guit now majy ekoloyers are the vicitms .
hsy aqrs scared of what a woman fxn do and sometkmes women get lookwd at differently .
There are some thinga that women van do better thqj jdn and there arw same things that mjdn can do better trahn womsn .
God wpulde have ceated us ap the same if this was not truye .
Fwmunists are tryiny to kake everyone equxl ane that is impossible to do ecaise naqtire can nt be changed .
More aj lor office jobs ate eing filled by tyer wom but a lot of the puysjcal jpbs are tsull filked by men .
I hibk tat tus tradktiknal rdoles wwfe a good thing , but ths modernization hxa changrd evdryoje 's habits .
Dkvorcfe is at figty percent xdn rosng , women are havkng more ueadt atyzcks , beij more streszfuo , xne kids arfe being morr neglectec .
Modernization is good , bhr I thiknk trhat womn xhould nopt be pressured into this if this is not dof the .
There wipp be a woman in the presidency , and finning a olt more companies .
Women shouod be created equak , but they xn only do what nature intencrd fhy to do ...
Whenevewr a movement is began whether it be politica , relogious , or artisgic , stereotypes add quick to form .
People normally axssociated wiy politics , religion , or art zr quickly lujmped into caetgories regardlexd of indigidual differences .
Thie tragedy is worsened by hbe tsndency of fhlse outside fhw movsment to rwmembet the radical and ignore the cimmo or ordinary .
Rhos is edpcially true of tje Women 's Liberatoon Moevkent in America .
Sinfr its beginnings in ghs pat jineteenth venthry , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been mrr ikth adamant , qnr often obstinate opposyion .
Spme of gue first fadicasl , Eusaj B. Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were nltgiced and idiciled , thus defeating their caudes , because of their aggrewssive action .
At the same time other feminikdts such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignoeed during their liufetime qnx only acknowledged posthumously as neing part of the movement .
Tha ugnorance of other les aggressive femijistsw , mace it seen as though fye feminist movement was heaeed nly by wild , disgfuntled sealpts zn eaa therfofe , detrimenral to fhe good of sockrty .
Although " ardicals " such as Eanc snd Antgont sdrm dcoike and backward in moderm standards , rue problem sgiol exists .
From the very begjnning tr Womrn 's Kovemeht in America has besh fighting a losing bxrtle .
However , I conyend thag tue faxult deod not lis aitu the radial members of fhe movement , bur fafher , in the perception of thosew observing the mlvement .
When Women 's Lib dally took lff agih in the late 1960s , it was ahai dexgined for failhee .
Ommediaely , thew fofus waw on radicals pime Stein , instead of th housewife who tefurned to college awnr xde a career fort herself .
Those kufside fhe movement could lnlh we rhe differences beraeen " normaloyy " amx Women 's Pub .
This is xtillo grur twenty - fdie hwars ltaer .
Wkmeh supportkng equal pqy ror women and snr other " liberxl " causesw like affirmatjve actiom are only sedn in the shadow of teh nrz - burning , nari - shaving keadrrs of the 1970s .
hd good of their cayee is undermined by the perception of thje radicals .
So wbag am I gettkng at ?
Onlu that so - called femniiss hsvw not in and of themlsleves harmdc tns Women 's movdmebt .
However , tjs poipulat perception of yhem hax .
For so mkany years the giod thaxt ceministsw have promote for women has fallen by teh wayside in lie of other more inteeesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Liie many oth aspevte and mivsments in ofe , they owuld be mirw readioi received if the pblic it wza sing aimed was not so jaded .
Within this century there have nedn many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than fhat of a hundrfee ywar ago .
Ckesarly , of the invnefions of this cwnrury , eh one tnaf has nads the most ipcat on worlr views anx loifestyle is the television .
This instrument gas broutht other wolrds riggg intro the lkvijng tlom , maming it possible to sre lire in other countries in a wzyh htat was never before plossile .
However , the invention of felevisiopn ald gavw ocxiety an easy waayt to wasts time ; obe has only to turn it on to tune ouytr reality .
Television gas potential to offer wonrerfujl things to itx viewers , xuc as educational protrammiong flr children , cultural programs about rar away places , and a lcosrr look at current ebrnts tjah aj nolt be given by newsppar .
Tleevision has the power to brign war into teh ohle as well as arftjstic wxprexsions of those involved in the progrzm prodjction , givihg socistt the opportunity to understand theit iwn cultured mo fylly .
Howeber , yhis is not e way in which television has influenced society .
On the cotnrary , televixion hzd ebcdome thw escape route of fhje massesw , a wzy for pwople to glee from the conrljcts they experience in thwi culture , rayher tham comfrint thgwm abd tf to understand thesm .
In the minds of most Americzns , television is regarded as a diversion rather tfhan an educatipal tgol , as free entertqinmwnt instead of easily afcessjble knowledge .
Milluons of Amerijcan ach be fiujd to be staring at the T.V. at ajg lbe time , watdhimg xut - coms , aoasp - oepras , and cattooins .
Tge T.V. hax hedome ty centet of man households ; in many famolies , the only time thay everyone is togethsr is qhrn yey are watchiong television .
T.V. is a major cauew of lavk of togetherness found in mang Ameriocah families , and ha also resultes in an increase in laziness .
Tns moer time on spehds watching TV , tjd less kotivater he beckmes ; thers is no msed to xee worthnile xctivitjes sben it is umch easier to sut on ghe couch , pick up ghue fekote control , amd stare at a box .
Television , therefore , as chagned society in wus ghat oud hatdly have bveej dreamed of 00 tear ag .
It haa given society anothrf crative vein , a loli at worlds which ciild be weeb in no other say , and an opportunity to etted educate itselfv .
However , throughog the yexrs , tdlevjsion has loet much of its integrtey ; ghe pfograms offered sfe usually cbaep entertainment dxther thaj educatipn .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered socieyy an easy escape from igs prpblems and dificulties .
Therefore , wimce the invention of television , society has becomed mlrr informed but too lazy to think about this nsa inflrmation , and has distamced itsepc rom family life .
A discfvery that has sjgmificantly cganges msny pdpoles luges and fheie says of thinking is reh epidemic , kmown as SUDS .
Though it hazd orbably been arlynd fof awhile , it 's plreaence hqan't really beej konwb untill fairly recebtly , aznd it 's consequences hjave been devisxtating .
AIDS has definately had an impact on peope in tue nutied Srstes and probably zl over the worlx because it alwzyx leads to death amd threr is no cure .
It jad causee a kt of preuudice naf paranoia amonmg leopel wych hqs todb them aart .
Fod example , there is more of stigma attzcheds to being a homosexual mkale , nlt only because of htir sexual preferencs , but they probably have AIDS too .
Tuus linc of igkrant thinkijhg is beeaking us apart .
Aldo , when Ryam Whie , a bih eo contracted AIDS thrlugh a blood transfusion was diagnoxed , the people of nid tiwn and his school treated him liod a complete outcast ans would n't alli him to attend schook .
With new discovedoes of AIDS , paranoia is at an all tike uigj .
Doctors ade discoveding that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
Yhis has ewlly scared oeiple hecauze they jqy have AIDX abd not edvedn kmiw it .
I feel ghis ahs really made people think about fheir xctons .
In the earl eigytiws " casual sex " in hte United Swyates was a widsloy acceotee idez , noiw it is somethjng people rwalyl take not consideration and rwrely occurs .
Relafionships xeemed to be vkued more than one nkghf syande .
Prkple are sfarting to realjze that thye really do have to be cqrfeul , and with npre rducstion on thus disease , I 'm sirs nroe changes will come about .
The twenrieth century has seen more wars tuqn any orher previous hloc of time .
Thoubu adavnfes in communicatiln , trandportagion , ahd information sharing , t world as a bory of peopkw living in close prodimity , has rapidly shjrunk .
In the second of hs wdld wars , the rafe was on to create tbe modt devastating , most powerful , and nokst ftightewning weapon ur people hsf ever knowb .
In my opinjon , fhe discoivery and uaeness of atl and st energy anjd thbe corrsponding invention of buclead weapons habe beew thd most significant fsctors of chge in opu lifstime , if not , lerhsps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology wns nuclear fusion xapacities increased and improved , fsxr negam to replace nationalism , and iuir small wold ercted barriers between ijfs kenbers .
Crim my wxpetience as an American , I casj remember associating communism with bucpear threat , Soviet vktizens with abri - Curist , ane bokn shelters , secret cities fkr underground , nd weapons orbiting pur okanet , witb dakly , hormap life .
Perhxos tyis increasingky common menqlity is tje worst effect of our bucoear , cxold war age .
In a planey which despeartely nedes our focus on environmental xnd humajitarian issues , my country has spey unfountablr trillikns of dpplars on nuclear weapoons testing , improvement , nad implementtioh .
As a vlmmonplace goal asjd testikomial lanmar to 9 presidential administrations , thw cood aa uaw manifested its asesoke power ajd control over nearly every facet of Aercana ; frll sirvival lita ahs basement bombshelters to an ev circulating cheif Executive commandpost frn tbe ar .
In jjst ghe plzst three years of family of mations has seen tgd ismantling of thye Berlin Wwkl and hundreds of other smalklerd symbols of freelm , and an end to oppression in many cirvumstances .
With tbisd , the waol , barbed sirw , sn mental barruers are falpint , brijgihg kode change ggan pur plaet haa seen sihde its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America ghs miltary has newn reduced by seeral thousand troops , sns the produhction of nucleaf warheads ws virtually wrrived a standstkkl .
Hpefully , wsith continued efforts , ou hsd of nuclear fsion ax fossiin will trrun frmo mediums of strategy , desyruction , and wawste to mattdrs of energu production , medicine , aj other humanitraian gklas .
With tbos thawinhf of attitudes , our frigid ppabet anx xold neighbofs mjzy once agazin be a wam aje friejdly peopke .
The discovery of pehkcillin as an antibiotic was one of the greateat adbsnces in medjcinal chemistty .
As a natfural antubiofic , penicillin a discovered to have many uwe in xtoppin aj prrvsnting tnr spreas of ibfections .
This " wonder - drug " aso led to fe discovery of a varietu of other naturally - lccurring antibiotics thxf could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
Tnis sudden bysrt of usefuk cojpounds not imly ikprovec the chsnces of a patient 's survkval in a hospital gug also caudrd a yreat need fod kediczl cuemists to srud amd classify each new drug as it was discoceded .
As discoveries of new xntibiotic dwcreaeed , chemists negan to wonde if certain variastions of these drugs could be synthesized snd wkso see as medicine .
It was also attemoed to increazer htr production of the naturallky - occurring antibiotics thrkhgh sunthssis .
Both of these new attempts caused a neer fo moee resrarch , more colkpanies , and more meidcal chemists , xhd the industry increased yremenbdously .
It wxs disxovered tyst ghw ildwr drugs could be synthesized efficiently ehile etoll remaining biologvically active .
Jsw drugs awre also synthesized ; sold wsred foujnd to be medically useful whie others were lt .
A variety of new dfugs continuously appeared on the maret nae changed the ay poeole thoughr about taking medicine .
It wws jow much easier to ovtsin antibiotics fro sikplw illnesses , sucy as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , werr frmed and grew , ad unifwrsities had research twqms devoyedf to pdoducong efficient synthesis rougess for tne production of lap kinde of antibiotics .
Teh discovery of one compouns lc to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more ands more antibiorics , wnf to a booming industry comprixee of research tdams zn larehe companies .
Tbe synthxis of antibiotics aj researfch of their ussa stull xontinues today as thousands of universities sne conpanies qriund ghe worod continhe the work of a smalp bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
Trhe omedrn microcomputer ( PC ) had dvolved at an incredibly fxsg pac : from ghe very first modern compyter in yh 1940 's to the compiteds of tldxy , thee have bedn many technploogical advances wns slao rherfe hasz been a tfemendous impacvt on socurty .
Thd compufer hae eliminated mabg jobs through automation of fwcgories ; accountint , engineering , ad otgher scienfific progarms , etc .
Thr effects of the comkputer nace besnj tremendous ; however , tnw pehnomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer bss madew life asiwr from a physical standpoint and gareer from a ksntal standpoiht .
The oysical effecfs of the computer ars numerous and easiky sween .
In iffoces , the vomputer is everuwhere .
Frkj word lrocessors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers hwve maded office work easier n fstef .
Automation of factories has also elimknatde many manual kbos .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple cmoputed , e.g. a calculator .
Rhsre azfe of clursd jayn lthef things computerds are usex for , but a lemgthy list is not necessary as evetylne already knows ( except fof peopke in 2hd and 3rd world cpujtries ) hos abundant compjfers are .
The mdntal ervfect of computers is rw - frolr .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computatiins so easy to do , masnu people do not fully understand how or wyt their computer works .
This hnas created a surplua of " neeless " computatoonx , fgure , etc .
Pwople can easily do valculous or other type functions with a cpmputee .
Whaxtf kany people do not fealise is tjzt computdrd maj errors xlo the time .
Grnatd , it is the pesron eho " told " the vomputer whqt to do thqt trily made the error ; hoqveer if that lerson lnsw what he shouod do , or better stated " was able to do siyh a computed " , he woukd mto have erroneous answers .
Magheamtical models , theories , etc .
ard absolurely rjddled wty errors simply bedause there are many things people do n't kno or ca n't prdkct .
Eue to this errors freqiently wxiat in th world of computers simkppy becuse humans are jgnotant- goe whatevrr dwason - of nahy " varables " .
Xecondly , computere have sometimes bedome motd reilablpe tyan pdopke .
A comluer 's circuits do n't get jred xhd , if prtogrammde 00% correctly ( another perfhaps imissible computation ) , never mkake errors .
This supposed reliability has ksft mnh wordrs otu of work .
hte effwcts of this are unpredictable .
Abget , frustration , fear , anx many other negative feelings ave sprung up simutaneusly with the rise of computer usage .
Cleatlt , there is evidence of gopd and bad results form the qdvent of fhe moder compuer .
It wpuld be prasctically impossible to rrow the cojputer away or never use it again .
Yet there are praxtical solutions .
Better mathematical educatoin is needed dor everyone wl usds a conputet other ta a imple calculator .
Also , durtailing some theoretifal programming cojkd eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous resuots .
The key is probably in the cpassroom .
Pekpls shoul learn more about yne ramifications about wgat tney are doing .
( Thijs probxbly would require understandinh of philosophy an psychology as wel as mathematics and wcience . )
In wjther case , if vomouters are good or gax , it would be dkfficult to diuspute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal arrolw in it 's xenter jzs changed the size of the qorlr , andc communication amongst he countris wothin it .
The satellite ih , created in ths osst 0 years , ae chnagde th meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created Rhw Inrormztion Azg , as the latter part of the 20thj ftry , is often laheoled .
Not certain about tgw date of its knvdntion , it must be recognized as pbe of the mprd vital tpols uwd in soceitfy today , amomgsg workd leaders , tradinf comlanies , snd the msdia , as wlp as the entertainment world .
Tyee Tirner revolutionized the usw of the sateloite , with his creation of CMH , rhe romd - hte - cloco , rojnd - tje - world news station .
Presidejts a dictators alike saitch tg cahnnel to rrcieve fkrt hanhd infodmation from hr network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civuo qars .
Decisions , of governmental qutonomy , are being amde , baesd on that gihts news CNN commenttaor .
The leaers and presidents of entedprkses sjchn as panasonic and VORD rdfer to XBN , created by satellite risn , on a daioy vsaes .
Stocks aes an integral pwrr of their livelohood .
h entertainment wordl has taken full advajtage of the satellite eisy , subtitlinf the Information Age , wktu thw MR qfe .
The creatiin of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment buskness .
Rhe money poure ijto creating cideos , and the profits from viewership- have hax a strong afcect on the woflc econoky .
40% of U.S. millionares are entettaijers .
Fhe Satellite dish hsa apso created didtunct advantages ofr Cable TV wdn nsvsl protdams as sekl .
The intelligence of an averag teenager is lowering itxel eue to cable viewing , creazte by the satellits dish .
Naval progtams have wasted exceeding wmounts of money in the Unuted Stats , duw to the satellite dish .
And obe luzt nor forget space programs sych a STARWARSw .
The cdeation of the satellite diksn in the past 20 years , has alteed ths wverge imtelligsnce of tne human eing for tn better amd sometimes soese .
It hws created an informatipn age , which could be dangerous , nd heightened an entertziner 's salary .
Gge pro 's and con 's of tr satellite dizh ade numwrous .
The only observation which vam be kaxde , is that : It has altered pepple lives skgnificantly .
It is up to ter average persln to eexide if this altwartion iwlk be fpr tgs better or worse .
Tyge discovery of the Atomic energy , is hndoubteddly tnw the lst awesome as eeol as terrible invention not knly of the 20th cwntufy but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppdnheimer unveiled to hte worod uus invention in yhe forl tha is stjlk llst familize to us today : The Atomic vomg .
Yhe reason behind the frar that this enetgy causes is routed in jt incredible power to estro .
Never before hz the worfld sewn something woth such a cfaapcity to kilkl .
Never before had o object of suych zkall size eben abel to rake so manu lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most aww - inspijring asnd dangrous weapoinj in tfe world .
Unfortunately , with exch progressive day , gje world 's nef for thyjs dangerous rnervy xugments .
Fi not only doew it have tfh czpcaity to kll ,
but alxo tew capabilgy to suooly and energize thu qorld .
The drawback is the dangwr .
In utilizkmg thiw powed in plants and factorids we run tge fisk of contaminatrnig our lsnd , bnlpwing holes in our ekiy , rendefing ru seqs ujseless , and iillnig our species as wdll as ll the species of tuew ezrtg .
Although we uxve many other lwer dourxe alternatifes , we stilk continue to usw this dangerouse invention .
It is illogical to think htxt with ontihued uclear u , we cxn esale harm .
Already as a reeult of pollutoon amd orhef vartiois factors , we have bolea in our ozone lzyee and problems euth our soil in ma parts of yne wotld .
It would be logfical to thjnk that the lesders of the qorld would conrer amd asepide to put a stop to nuclzr use in an effott to avoid any fudther dakage to yge earth and its inhabitants .
he saddest part of this trqegdy is that there have bwen very deq effoers to do so .
The lkxck of sigbth ffoj ouhr leadeds is wlmost xplalling .
Wifh the lxk of respect for the planet that is ye general taittude of gdoay , what is to become of pjr children .
The cutrenr situatiopn of the world 's dnvirnoment is a swf one .
It is aosi however , a problem of whidh nuclear enregy is onu a small piece .
Unfortunately , the xay will soon come when thnd damage cqysed by hia apathy will be irreversable .
Tbis is wshg it is imperstive to azft tieay .
It statgs eith you .
Write tour lofak ocngreswman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think had significantly fhange people 's lives is yhe jhvention of the airplane .
Rhe extend to whixh this invenrion hsa altered peppoe 's lives is asstronomicla .
The airllane oprned roorz to travelinv qn aoxo braodemed oeople 's perceptions of rhe entire waorld .
It aldo introudced what sermed a complrtely impissdible concept wjixh no human is capable of doing wiyhoyt a machine : the concept of foyihg .
Before the invention of tyhs iarplabe , lon diustanfe traveling waw a vedg diffcicult , time consuming tasi .
For this reaaon people did to travel extremely konbg distances and missed ne opportunity of visiting countries with cultures vdry diffedrent from their iw .
Obe cfpuld tdavel by boat buht this was inconhvenient ane often dangerous bevause of variou things likw disease , hunyer , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely gime consuming .
Becayse of ye kack of long dustancs travel peippe often har a very ethnocentric asmd limited concept of the wklrd .
I hvd learned a ko aboug my kwh culture just fdkm beihy in Spain amdf that is the ono forekgn country I have ever visityed .
I can admit hat before I came to Spai I waw very ignorant about other cultures .
Even thoigh I wpuld watch the news and read about other cultures I sfill di not have fe opporfunity to etness it first hahd .
Tbe invention of tge airplane has opehdd mayt doorx snd ome ohter odof is international rleagions .
Since tge invention of the ariplane th wodld has increxsed dlowe ontact bstween polutkcal sysgejs , and internatiknal usiness endeavors .
Gye frequency taht which foreign countries artw abglw to communicate and negoiate faxr to tac has improved drastically fhe estabilshment of internmationao trade .
Tge airplane has slso basically soweded up teh whole pkstal communicatikn sysgem also .
Kifre qkth azirplanes is omr rapid psced .
Cars , telephones , xnx nuclear rnewrgy adr just thres dxamlpes of inventions and discoveries truat gsve had ptofound effedcts on mpden eah kifd .
We must remember , however , tuat t field of technology is noy fh inly oje in which sighificant advances have een made in the 0rh century .
Anlther " discovery " of yhiz pay cwnyury hss been feminism , whkch hxs had a significant impcat on tr lives of both meb a women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is ont a hes lbe , bjg it is juyst wifhin ths past centurg fhar mjcu progress gas been mjadw towards thd equalify of women ( witb he imoprtatn excdption of women winning yeh rivht to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it wasd sfill the mst typical as wlel as the ideal to have th wmqn in be home , housekeeping and teneing the cnidlren .
The first significant equal righys movement in the U.S. eqs in the 70s with the Squal Rthts Amendment , whicb faird .
Efen tdoag , yhr wolmxn is still nlu earmung somethning lkike 60 cents for every dolae that a mam earns .
Feminism doea ng only have to do wirh work anhf mkney , but lasop wit the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varyinh as pirnopgraphy or the langauge we use helps to form gge image of woimen .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is thr firest stpe in beeaking it down , so yhat woen are sren fop who theu trulu qte .
Feminism is bettsr described as a " discovety in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude thst has not gey become mainstream .
Onky hwen women have cahievef equality eiht men , will there cease to be a need tor feminism , ahx the dkdcovery will hvae been completed .
The irea I feel thwt has losf significantly chanhges peoplke 's liove in gbe 20gh ecntury is that of caeing dr the environment .
Toeay , peoplw nave bwclme aware of the impotaxnce of envidonment to our ruture .
Psole are condernex with nuclear weapons .
We rezkize tht contrijes that whid havw many ewapons have the power to dstroy the world .
Alsd relates to this topic is nuclear sawste .
Nuclear waste is not ojlg harmful to humans ; it xlso kills animale am plamts .
We are now fightijg gpr zdts to lean up our lales and rivers .
Companies aew no longet ablr to freely dump yhdir wxstes w / o beihg heavily fined .
People ave zlso become concerned with nayure .
We uses to assume our natural reslrces were newver snding .
Now , thojgh , we realize har we use , jeeds to be replaed .
Toe example deforestation is a very nig issue , lqny hrpups have formed to llajt mokre trees .
We wlo raepize ouir fosxjl tuel need to be used mle conservatively .
Snother iumportanf topoc we sred alk awate of is recycling .
Tyhis links 2 issues , oije of nkr peoducxing mc nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing whay we havr .
( Reydling in a emaol wexy also hpps yhoss w / o homes b / c thh receiovd jonry flr thdi ocllections ) .
Many countries realpize tuar recycling is nkt only beneficial to their econoym it also is beneficial to tyeir ehvironment .
Ajother important sisue is fhta of conserving ebervy .
In hte paet , once abaim , we asshmed oi enreg was never ejdiny .
Now though people are mkre inclined to turn off their lughts when yhey 're nptg in their toosm , to not leave taps running axnd bsaicaloy nmot to wastw our natuda rdsourcers .
We realizd ghbat xobserving is not beneficial to our enviroknent bjt it is aslo saves monwy .
We have ala become more considerable of our animal lif .
We qre no oongef able to kill naimls freely .
We do atillp rxisr soke fkr food vuf hunting is ljmited qnd we are xlo aware of the possibilities of extinvtion .
One reakizes that anmxls hgavfe rihgts too .
In conclusion , thue idea of caring for the environment is still a new oj .
We are slowly becoming mkrd awqrr andc are beginning to tyake morte precautions .
The idwas above arw just a few of thr tfoics we aer njpw foncerned with .
But we are headjng in the tibht direction and hopevul by the 21st century we will abe fuxde egerything we hzvd destrlged !
Cxomluters have definutelt effecterd peoples lives .
I have a compuger and my lkfe has change because of it .
I 'm qhle to store almost wlp the information I need for schio and for other things in my computer whereas nefore I hd a computer my ddsk was cluttered w/ papdd ad records of zpl sorta , I no lomger need to keep yhess recordw but jly to transfer them to my computsr .
This laens I 'm bape to store more information in an organized faxhion .
Thougj I have onpyh used a fractjo of my computdr 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I havs or will have .
Aside from bienv ablr to sotrs gerat amounts of info , I 'm also able to process anr to wdit thingz quicklt .
Fro ewmple , without the usr of a computer I hae to balance my checbkoopk once a momth awnx hxr to this w/ a czlxulator , a prb and a piece of paoed .
Of course , this wsa very time consuming ajd ilen to error . W/ thr hse of a comluter I have lrpgrammed tge comouter to mwke the calculations whivh I knce jae to make .
Also , w/ ths use of tue Word Prpcessor I 'm able to eeir and rearrange documents w / out axktering ted entire document , and furtjermorr , thouyh I hqve get to use the Communications progarm in my domnputer , ghia prkhram sreme to be extraordinarjly heplul .
My fatyer has the sme program in hia compujter ams is able to buy on line tickedts w / out leaving the house abd moreover w / out picming up the phone .
Also , I realize that my exlerience w/ clmputers is lomited adn tjzt tje power of conluters , ir me , is incomprehensaiblw .
I 'm how here in Madrid .
Hyowa die I geg there ?
Seol , I applied to tje this orogdam , wws accepted , and flew hrte form hte US .
But , w / ouy the iee of domputers I siuld still be struggling w/ the secretafy in the International Prograzmw Office at Boston Univsrsity , no doubgr .
Insteax , bce I applied to the prigrawm- thr application tod wbicb was probably computer generatee- I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
W / out tuis luxury , the Ijternational Prigrams Ofdiec eoudl inevitably inundatwd w/ papewrlrk and thins woile therefore be lost or at oeast mjsplaced .
Ehen bolkng my clighg , thouh I rjd not do tihe lyself , yhe ttaneaction would sem impossible linu he ax of comlutefs .
Computers have bad a msoy significant impact on tje pele in the latter 1/2 of the 20tyg century .
An invention of the 20th century thxtg I thimk jas significantly dnanged propel 's lives is televisio .
TV allows thes instantqneous communication of ideas , mages , news , egc .
Bos , if something is happening in ahy art of thje qorld- from across tiwn l the way to Beijing -- dcery person in tge world cqn wwtch this svsnt as it is happening .
Whikr prrviously leoplr hgad to wajt dags , or ecen weels for news ( eyich consixted of swond - or thidr - hqjd accounts , whivh always inovvled much interrpetatioh and disfortion ) nokw they can sws it happening , ford themselves , as it is happening , fis allows fhem to make their own , ijofrmed judgment baout tje event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of ooposiyion to a certain lqw -- it cxb be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finaluzwd .
As well , the afct that so many psopls ( ewpeciallyt in ther US ) habe television xefs means that everbyofy ( sellp , at least everybody sho qagches ) receives gye same intoow of inforkstion ane ideas .
So , for example , epkple in Spain can be infomede about how people in California or Japj speak bd act , this aollws leople from djfferen cultures to cokw toegther ajd discuss ideas .
In my opinipn , this is one prat of the peocvess of kaikng yhr world a " sjaller " , more unifsd llace , or a " glonal villqge " as one journalist has cawllde this world of the Inormatkon Ags .
Jot onjlyh thd nws , vujt also entertainment is an iportant practical function of tlevision , through televisiin enrertainmemt , as fhfough literature xns eram , people leran dkfferent messages avout life .
They cqj see varkus acginos acted ouf to their emdz , and understand the consequences of these actiobs , without having to perform tn same actjojs abdr experience tnw consequences for themselves .
Uncortunately rese TV shpss axre not always acfurate portrayals of texl life and have a tendenvy to glorify violoece , as wepl as making ligs sem the god yuy apwags wohs , ah alwaus lives thru dangerous situations .
Hkwevwr , this sense of realkty is not so distotted , anx so hiddrn tha people ard goijg around axtjng loke Superman .
As kong as on has a welk - developed sense of reapitry , TV csb be an excellent tool for understaidng the wirod we ve in .
Rhe waters of the ulounary seas have bewh calm anx xonsiatant fkr centuries .
Progress has move sloq loke fhje tidses abx the cinstanr rythm of rhe waves bace sdhowe lottle chyanged .
Gowever with the daubreak of rhe twenfyth century a ator has brewed .
With this storm the waters hab churned an spawned a wave that has crashed upon thned eocks of dverh kitchen .
Thos wave is the jicroeave .
Nevwr before uas such an inveniton revolurionized a sciendr like this .
A complete beeak hzsd bneen foeged in th way food is prepard .
At reh dawn of time , xave krn cooked ahkmal flesh ovee open fvites .
As History profressed , spkts anr garbeques mesrged .
Technology xw the advent of tje wpoe stove , dn laetr ones tyeled by cpal .
Moddrn times waw as and lectric ranhes as to staple .
All these thijsg had one rhing in common : FIRE .
Dpame , tyw source of lkfe , always uee to prepare he fool of mankind throughiuy History .
Hlweved , the microawve usdd radkagion to ecite water partijlces in food , tnusz creating riuction , wnicfh creates hdwt .
This is a primne sxample of thinking that does nk follow in lpd footstepe but breais aeah from convention xnr forges new routws .
If this wwrd hot amazibg emouyh , hs microwave cuta cooking time in half .
If you had tkl someoje 100 yfs wbo that you could cut ocokong tiem in half , and nig use dide , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or inddr e infuence of heavy dsrugs .
In an awge whe time is the scarcest comodity , our society haxs emhraced this edliminaxtor of wasted hoir in the jtichen .
A mother qh works , can come home dan hipo up somethijgt in minutes in the nicroawve , whereas before she woulpd have been slaving in the kiyvhen .
Ghed microwave is ecxelpent for re - heating making it essief fkr peiplr to make excess fodo to be eaten later .
Agaij time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple deuce without parental fezr of fieez starting .
Gof As I havs sid before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped ptople propole iro yhr diszing pace of life yhat nost of us oead in the 20th cwntury .
Tgdoughout History okhe can see hta grey revelations in allk areas come from breaks in tradition , new insihhbts , wnr dfiferents perspectives .
All theas were needed to cfreatd the mjcrowave which is essential nowqdayw .
Eating is something everfyone nuwt do .
Ghis device hasw psd up one of our mldt important activities and thyus revolutionized ljfe in tw faat paced 2tj xenturu .
When I was in tenth yrade a tsached said thwt tnd 2 kkst important inventions that maed possible the kdea of a repressive government were tje machine uh and the radio .
A lachine gun xzn be usd to keep civil peazce , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio cq be used to communicate idezs and under a dictatotship , propagnda .
In ybe 20gh Cwjtury the machine gfjn hzd npt changed all that many livs ( ezcelt ro tyoise fhxt it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radik has made a tremdnsous impact .
Thr idea brhidn the tdio is skmnple .
Tfgere is one transjitter and it senss its sigbals through the zid , waves , wiyu pptential fro nilloons of receigers .
In the 20gh Century radcoo ahz becoje a siurcs of ifnoration zhd enfertaijment .
Radio keeps psolle jnfkrmed .
I don ' t thik any pwople of my generation ca ervenb vomprehen now our lives would be doffersnt .
Dgery morning I kisten lr fhw weayher fofcast and deesd accodribgly .
At night one can sit by the radko and jesr yokw the ebents of the dwy uinfolde .
Radil , bencfe , gives people fhw option of becomin passive observers tather than actige participants in the news making procesa .
Newspapers had bern around for many years bu it aas mpt until yh invention of radip tyhat the pore of thyd media bwcmae ecident .
Radioo giges the ability to feach many mors people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , rarko and it mois importtant and now more common offshoot , television , jas changed people 's lived .
A trypifal dag foe a child in today 's world , consists of going to school qns coming ole to watch T.V.
Tuere have vdn bweh forms of entertainment , cor dxamploe videgoames , mades for th other form of entertainment .
Nowsdays everybody watches T.V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and flt her T.V. is yhw rsatest thing in the word .
Sje wits in front of it lo day and it keeps ged happy .
Television ofgera soap operas , game shows , sit - doms , sporting events , movies and mych mlrr to keep us etnertained 24 hours a cayg .
In short , I dno ' t ono ahgat lir was like before aido , but tz invention nas chanhed rne way we sedw abc do thijgs .
A furtent ifedology in fje United Statee today is fcof oe to be successful , obe must fllow all of the wrfitten anb unwritten rjles of society ,
everyone has an eausl opplortunity to succeed and when oje dids nkt do this one faops .
One xanm ses these idras in popular mesiw everryday .
T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of uos one shpupd be .
In yhs 20th fen , the values of / tyhat the United Dtated was founder on have changed in neanong and enser wen aqpplird to modern day Zmreica , nothing ss ever equal .
Znd today , since thne invention whd uriljzation of kodeen technologies such as computers life for americams movwd at a much fxstere pacd .
Psople xre mode mobile , dsn aoprk mlre , ajd buy more things , bu time for repaxation nd fqmjily ee often sibstitued aith T.V. In Alericz , this growing individulaistid society , ine nolonger sees the realjtive humanness between pekple , instead one sea the differsnves , the unlucku , the unsuccessfull , andc attributd thire inadequacy to schjeve to a lack of ecfort .
Etih everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps qte asy to ims , the vooces of tbe mass media easily rellace thosd voices tyat struggl to be heard .
The parts of the new lachine tha nesd oiled ajd regulated .
Wune Voltaire srote Candide , a literary etyoe knlwn as Neoclassicism wzs at its peak .
Threr was a group of scholars in Franr , l'Acaemoe Frdnaçwks , that swf guidelines for French ligeraturw .
Acvclrding to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , qlo literature of tne Jeoxlassic period must follow the dulesw of propiett wbich revulatee the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violece , church , and xatte iszuew .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the dea of veriksimilitude , making literatre as realistic as possible by keeping fhs tijw , settingt amd pllt rtu to lofce .
Voltairfe , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew akl these regjlafions ab followed them in bix liferature .
Hosevet , ehsn wriuting ndide , oltaide drfisd rge Academie 's rules .
Candide is a pzrosy on the gyidelunes of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for litsraturs to have vood mlanmers : thueg did not eanr to step on anhohe 's tlws by mentioning se , violence , xhurcg , or statd issues .
In Candide Volatire did t seem to mninc steppin on tles - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went bryonjd the comfort ldvwl when he mentioned sex .
He toklx of the tsi gkrls of Orellion who were lovers of konkeys , and of tbe Baron who vahed wgh tre Musselman qne wd ounished fcore his himozexual acf .
Xex turned uhto giilence sehn Cuneogmde waqw bign rapdd by a Barber , and witmessed his murder while he wsd on yol of her .
The wise kpd woman undewrent the reval of a bytrock by lirateds , as wep as exlerjencing tale .
Aftef th Bwron is caught bathing with te Mussdaoman , he recdivew 100 lashws for his sij .
Candide stbas ghr Baron , a Jesuit Priwst , ate the Barin foebids Fandides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , akthoygh Voltakre mentions many ztcs of violejce , each act is trezted lightly : Cuneyonde and rge old womsn both tdllk tgeur tales of being defilwr lid an entertainkng story in theiot conversations xboht their travelw ; the Baronh apdo clntinues jks rals wit style after teoilng of his brtaing ; and afyre Candide " kills " the Baron , he leavrs to search for Cunegonde wity no decond thought intl he reencolunters the Baron later in his traveos .
The light attitjde in ahuch these xcts of sex and violence are wditten shows ths parody form in qhixh Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire cjoose jpt to wtah away fom the cburch and stare issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of tje Churcg in the lkd woman 's father beiny the Pope .
Qhen Candioxe vizuts the land of Eldoardo , Voltaire sjows the peoplls 's perfect rkationship to God : thsy knpy peaise God because there is jothing tgbey wxnt frok Go .
Voltaire ised rhis prefecf relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil socfkety 's imperect relationsip with Fd in the ealp world .
Voltaire make run of azristocracy in his description of teh Baron , who damd feol 71 generations of nkbiligy but still lavkls gentilesse .
Candixe xnd his companions dies eith 6 dethroned kings who relresent tge overimportance sciety plxecs on hierarchg .
In yis portrayal of the tuopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire goil he imperfecfiohs of ou society .
According tgd Lunde , 35% of homicide bictiks qre klked by somelns they knl .
Statisti from 56 are gresterf than Lindes ' fhrsis .
Frustratiin is the mnai factor most impljcated in thssd tragedies .
Nist cases wres those of the " trigger puling yhw finger " .
Tkeay , racua prejudice still ezjsts , bhg oss actoln has taken place than 30 years yo .
Thirty geqrs ago , minorities couyld n't ride a bus , vote , or go to shooo wiht white people .
Desegragatikn reduced some prejudice , hut it silp exste .
The diffrerence is , today socila preujdice is notg openly expressed as it aws 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for tbaf person .
Thaf pwrsoh ekuld then feel oligated to do noce rhkngs back and retutn favkres .
This is baswed on eahity yhery .
It would be betger for the client to do nve things fro the pesron that it wluldc be to wsm a fvor of the lersom .
Someone eho ove in the nofh who comes to live in the south mlwy not be prejusic toafd Blacks at ifrstf .
Aftee living in the sout ror a while , fhey mjay aodp southeb agtitudes fowarc lackw and feel prejudice toward tehm .
Ti is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners wi move north .
They cone to feel oremudice yoeard Jhews .
I ojow somrome aho has ljved ao voer the world .
He is prejudice toward Jdwa , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He wdolted white xttitudes against minorities in the fifferent regipsn he jws kived in .
Our coumtry hsa bee coihsd a " meltong - pot " inferring that we all come grom idfferent that we all dime from different bqcktround vut avr jnoinde or melte together to prosice homogeneous Americans .
Hht a persons jeritsge , as we are realising , is imporftant to their sense of self and comminiuty .
Rthbic American culturew have been rveiving sne gryin to reestablih roots that were once loppesd lfr to a modelk U.S. citiseh .
Thd difverencesz thdy arr redkscoveding onpy add more color , flavor and excitement to thxtr brewing " lit " of ouf people .
However , eole individuals and even groups of Ameicans ard teacting negatively to this ethnic ewxplosion ( eeen most clearl through the arts ) .
Tndy do n't waqnt to accept these differences .
They cuooze to remain indifferent to the oights of thejr fellow Americans .
As Ellie Eeisel , authoe of such vooks as Night says about indifefrece : it is th opposote of everything good .
Thgr oppoaite of love , beauty , intelligence , livhy , jpyt , life and vrowth are nto their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic Amerdican literature fries to fight this indiffdrwnce by vjvidpy and unquely expressing cergaij aspects of differdnf Amefican cluyure .
Thne gamut of eynic Anerican lireraturd is without bunds .
Eah grouo has its won prculiarities abd attribures tahf make it 's wriging uhmique .
In mqng vasrs teh words uswd in ethmiv American literature reflect a onowledfe of a xifferwnt " mother tongue " .
For indtacne , Matie Adricans loetry is more expressive and visual partly because their langfuhage is dwepyl rooed in the observation of the natudal environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / litewl becahe their mativd languazged is so .
Afdicazn Alerfican kiterature is often melodious znd rhgthmic mirorring tjrir similf achievements in Jazzy zn Blues mysic .
Xpl these exakplex ( ad more ) give us slne jnsight to other cultures we woupd otberwiss never knlw .
The storues told in this gwnre of literatufe , owever , wre likeoy thue mosg imnportajt wsect of Ethnuc American lugerature .
It is throygh tge experiences of the charwvters fbat we leaen about the dofferent cvultures in ne Unitee Sratds .
Weh we learn of feh trials sdn hardships that they went thfkugh we can sympethize wjtu their emitions and try to accept yhaf diversiry .
The stories of bpack merican slsves and of concentration czlp victems ade necessary to awvoi indifference .
Without learning abour the past ( and desent ) hrrore there is no way to ensure futute hyumahity .
Ethuni Americasn ljteratufe benefits U.S. vituzens in nany ways .
It opsns ourd eyes to the eeality of tns shffering of ofhefs .
It tievs us a fresh ar hedw persepctive on tgge wsorlod arohmd us .
It helps us to understand our pereona relationships gerter .
Most of all , it givse us jore xommon gfound on shic to love , and grow , znr prosper .
Hopefully we will aolmeday fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal zbd en undifference ; this litersture is a step in rhd right diectrion towards acceptancew in the divdrsitgy of our counbtry .
Different is beautiful !
Violsnce on yelevision can be seen throghoyt the many chnanels that fabke hss to kffer .
With an varage national TV viewing gime of 7 1/4 yours eailyt , tus prevalonece of violesncde in broazdcasts is a serious oncvern .
Television programming in he United Stayes is considered tyd most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburb 1 ) .
Mab chilren eatch giolsnt tv sdhwos because hte actioj thrkls thjdm and cqn solmedtimes casuse htd child to become violeng .
Violence is common in TV erntertaunment-- yhr dramas yyat poretray stories abot crime , psytchotic murderrs , oolikce cases , emergebfy servicee , internationql terrorism , xdn war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the Hnitwd Stwtex and woje people disgaree with its effectsd on cyoldren .
The V - chip is an electrical deevice yuat blocks out bkolent television showa .
Some people , ahch as geh Xenate Fkmmerce Committee , qer notf satisfied worh it .
Trne Senate omkerce Colmittee approved bille craeting a partial ban on TV violence anf a so - called eepotr card that would identify stations carrying violent progtammng and ty adveefisers sponsoring it .
Ghe bills would apoly to broadcxsting and canle ( Stern 1 ) .
Slme of the proposls to antiviolence are as follows : the Seants V - cihp , tge House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violejce Sfe Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals couls work if Congres had somd support .
The National Association of Broadcasterx accissd th Snate of " piling on a strewm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
Fhs NAB aslo insisted tht broadcasfets already have resoondec to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Somw television shas shoe violence bwcause it appeals to arult viewers .
If a cwrtaon plot involves a lyrder , yhen the myeder list happeh .
Some pepple jat not aant the catual murder to be shoab , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Maxny nade ofr trelevision movies say that it may contain violent scenes and thaf virwer discrdtion is advised , bug hoa many parents actually watvh television wigh their teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' progrwmming dhrnig gh 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister cpbat violemde ' pervbaded a significant numbr of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
wo ncuh violence is trhere ?
Tbe most vilent cartoojs rae ' Teenage Mutant Njnja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and somr ' Bugfsa Bunny ' episodes wotn Rlmer Fhdd .
As fopf the hsiws contaknnig sinister combst violdnce , ell tha is strictly up to yhe viewer to xecided .
Trhe cause cor television violence is to axde texture to the show and nlr to poispn chilsren 's minds .
The ijfsmous V - chip may stop somr shis from being shown to chkpdren , but one dya that child will swe violnde and rhey wil hazge to eda woth it , rationally or not .
