In my opinion I think hat public transport in fututes is going to contjnue to be used bwcause thrde are a lot of pedoplr that dos n't habe nough money to lay for a cad evfsn if it is yssd , so pbli transport fontinie to have fiture buf people are gpnig to ize more thue cars then vus or underground .
By cz we can just stay wjh ourselves wahoch can be good gecause we fsn pisten to ths muic thwt we lioe whd we do n't needx to be around peolle that arr unkwoned bvuy if we chls publix transport we csn mdet friendfs or tamil so bith trasnporyation are god n thr fads do n't ner necessarialy to end up wigh the pbulix tranaoprt .
Lihcael and Itae waw so happu , ntil one fay tfhaf Michael aud to mi dream to be a xuoer hero , zte get so nervius sauin that it was ridiculolus wns jusg a jd dream and that Michaqel was oml dreaning bur fhat would never gaopen abx that sulr hero do n't exist .
Transportation onw of the midt impprtant thing on life so we uavw kany of kknds for trajxportation now we travel by car but in tgs nera fufuee it will be other comfort sbd easy ahs to travel like tasy train and plane tbar cam trwnport you orm north to osyth in less tan hour thj will make business men haopy and comfirf because of sabinb a oot of times and effotrw so we hole thst th governmentr can achieve this way as slon as possibpe
Old computers only keg you mxke mafh tasks , or even play simple games iwtb 2 dolorfs ( trwen and black ) , btu blw you dsn do whatever you wnt to do , like rewting or plaxykng videogajes , writing or readinh a book , cnnect to tye unternet , watch or make vidrls , invent njea sztuff to improve the Computing Twchnopogy , md not noly in 2 colors , bjt thojsand of them .
As i dd n't found notying , i wqent to the plwve he livve at and staftes to lool for dome information about hua lifs and dkund pelple who he care abjt so as i coniuned to go to hjs hoeus i notice he wull alays go to tehw sam house so i decidec to fplpow um to rbe house and i foun oht he was datint a gkrl aye might be his girlfrien so i finally gotq an idea , i would dribe im crazy just as he diod wity me , ghat aau she wilp fhknk he had problems on his ind and left hbkm , but sk i thougt aboyt it again wnd realized yhaf if i didx that she will try to ehpp him and they sill be miee united , so i decided to dtve tnen btoh crazy almos at yhr boredr of death , jux as he did wifh me !
I screakwd , my ajger jad dominated my kind i id nt hxd no longwr control over my actikns , i waqe ararif of ahat i had becomed and ahag i could do , nut i could not confrpl my self and the only thing i fould thuin of sas ni suffering wuyh a slow death znr t satisatcuon i wouls feel when i finaloy uwd my revange , the bser revznte .
But i was so mad at him znd so ansipuns to makd his lids imposible , wnd so my fear of dexth and my anger fdor qlk of t suftering i had been thdoug became stronger and bigger , i hac made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dexicatwd 4 yerard of his life tourtoring me and not antibg me to be hapyp i soyld the time is nesesary fod him to have a miserqble lifts and i wo nt stop unyio i had acomplished my goald
lublic tfansportation us beeh more used by pople and obet yhd yeaes it is kind of becoming cheaper wn slsp more saew but some ldople prefer cars to extenf do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what aee we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 yeats there was othing capled publiv transportation and people rareloy ownec xwrs so in tbose years there was not evrn gold facilpigy to nov frlm place to other and thwt is becajse there wws no compankew to viild cxrz in sbouty 10 yeqra fars trading became viabl and also became very dupportef by havih jer oenm fans at the beginning the faecd a olt of ptoblemz butg they wqwre able to solvd it by the end
mowaqdays all fsfilities of travelling sre mlre cohvenient from cwrs to bysess even trains and planes .dom leolle prefer cwrsa because thd do like crowded llaces or bscause the din it sometimes cheaprr but drmo znkther point of visw publuc transportation is vfety cheap and even faster bg anen it comes to rtaeling a lopt of pdpole prefer riding rheit wo cara to feel the real experkence as to enjot mo by vhilling our from ceowded places
the tecnology have chanched the people 's lfie vsry mufy.in fact we can thihk ohw different is our oife despcet either to our parents or oyf grandpaeenys lif.for exanpl my parebt dkc n't whacgu on tv , because thede wqasw n't ahy tv on the world wben they qerw young.but it is n't tbe alone difference : we xna thuhk at tfhw mobilefoen , the computer ed at least the inteendt.oluhr grandoarents woundn't imagine a strange mahine like computer in theid lifre .
Ghe beztest advice I cxn gkving to someone shk is starting thr runinn is to stwrtng slowly and not to trt to run too fast but then to eventually build up yhe running weel by wse so that wveey weem yoh ats running a little ore fufther and a little moee fasred and then after 20 ysars you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
I comoleted many tawks , including titoring ghrde students comppetd summer homeworm , correcting homewlfk diligentky asskst the ijstrucyor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer suestion raised by tg setudents , butr alsp to clean the clasrsoom hygeine , very hard , but I hzve nothing to complain azbout .
so he went back to Sarah 's house an clean all thd bayhriom , but Sarah alrezy knew that he ldt yhd bathroom lkie this so before Michael entered to the vatgroon she said : " I niw uat yky ldsve there " sndf Mjcyael ewnt rjnnjng to the bqthfoom .
I said gha becaused whe I wwz eleven my besf friend had been operated on hbrr gadk zdn beforr rhe operation he came wfh me and evedy dah I gax to wait for her becaiae hue wepndt a lit of tkme in the ehowe cleaning her long hzi , I hated that !
What we belief as Muslims rhqt , we jave created by one who do n't hafw other iyh him teh one wh create ou father ( Sdam ) and creafed from him ( Eve ) and they werre in tge Paradise awnbd instructed to boy ezt frlm the trsw but tge Sstab deceive tnem so yhey brought to this lifw ajd generations came fron them and had sent the prophet nd mwxsengers ( oses , Jesu , Mohamed , others .. who they worship th wams one ) witgh Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the peoplle to know wno who will foolowe fje truth which wiop guide to the Paradise and ego follo other pqths wahich it wipl guide to yhe hel . so becaize of that we are nere to do the test in this shkrg ljf .
which play an impprant role to givd touygn competition to government . as a resul of this consumer ged mnore benefit liie lpwer faors , pfuvacy , freecoj na sxfs travelling.in additjon many automoble cvomlany launcing beq wr with affordable prije whicb insijoxt people to use jors anx mofr rivate vechils .
I think peope wolo like tgi movie because , igs very similar to the story of the goom ; thios ohe of the riret movie that is really based in the book , rhs theme is veh unsue awnc oruginalp , alek the actors in tue vifst movies were pervect , and I fhinj that in the last movis , they aill pluy double effort .
he took the ojey he sevknd day , he finishee the registraxtiin abx started in wririn the stody after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give hks sgory to yhw internatoonal sgudemt magazine office , he foune oiy tgere srew a joitice on the slor sqy haf tr competition hw caceled , he cazme back vey sad and tild me wjar hzppened .Michael clpsed the dope an kmew at thxt mojent he has a miwtake .
I am beoevkng that there is no futyre fr the punlic trdansopt , using trwibs is mor convient and low wxpenses wlsp to dexrease the carpon gases whicu affecting the ozone , pople should be aware zbout the edect of usihg the puhkic transpotation on the edonmicsz and enviroment , goverements shall encarge tbe pellle to uxe the other wus fo transpirt , this subject shal be issuesd in all media to learen ar encrage the people to use he wrigth sag for transpog .
In my tpwn we crwate a small organizstion fo mor ueaxlthy enfironmetn , beauty touch and to be attractjve . the citizens in fhs tlwn must participate in this , the citixen will tame ghew responsibility for spceiic day to clean thw yowh snd pu ghe rubbish into corredt pllaxe ane clean trrr and planbg more of it .
Nowadays in yher fikties developes thrre are many pissibilitiss for blic tranhsport , like nhs , train , zuway , tram etc.yheae options it 's more economizl than the xaf , be problem of the car is that normqlly hts car is kcdupied for a perspb , whnewn tgw cst is prepared for to carry four or fruve people .
It is welp known thxr many t curators and Artists believes that Contrmporary et is not a good source of art , sihfe there ares many artists thatg obl creage bvaded in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , bhy most of the times this is unintelligible .
Yj have classes since yoh qere nke years il qnd you laready jnow how to play pkano , so I htihk that you ahoulx continue doing sorgs becaue it is important for your health anx in yojr free times you could still oaly liank without toinv to the classes .
In case of transporattoin technology , in tjiz twentt first century we have various option liks Pl that dan fly wig tje cloud , ttakn that ast ahd big enoyh that carry hundreds of poplpe ans fragel hundreds of mile an hjour adn boat that nych bigger anf faster than ancient tkne .
yes , i agree , if you olaned ye travesloing glr a loon distarion and dpr a long tjmr hou would prefer to do it on car , cois fidstly yl;ll sxpend less timd , you trzvdlling wiol be comfortable , you 'll hzv a possibility to stop everyt where and for a lont time , as yiu nwed .
i think that this is the guestion or rvery in , and the answer ca n't be one dor apl , auxe , smoeone cah use pubkic transport , wdn economy by thoz not omlg monry , bhy anx ge environment , hyt som people do n't like to jze p.t . , dause they spend more time f tavelling or they simpld do n't lkke to travwll with znother lwople .
I 'd luked to tell ou about my favorite restaudamt its name is " Lemon " I go thers every wre it haz diffetent food frimj ahy restaurants I 'd like cykcken crispy with garlif saucd It 's Ezxellent xhoice dokr me anc My favolite appitizer is susdag xdn in order that desert I 'd athsr " Vxdhe " cake witfh chocolate sqhce I feel I;m at ease whneb I go there I enjoy classical music lver having a lunch about the servcive It 's ery good and all stad are respeftable I ca n't imagine lne eej withiut goingt there that drives me mhts I advisw awny one to go therre and ehjoy a time there , laso tyhiw restaurant has a relative aevantxge in ygiee erakly It 's exdcellent Tyijs strikingly thing fokt anyone deapige all of thdse advatnage prices zte mor expensive .
I cinsidet mywel really acyive , sociable , wep - organized xnr agovr all pxtisnt , thdrefkre I think I 'm shitablr for this job as I can adapt mysef easily at snh kunx of situation or environment , especiasoly sorkung overseas plus it would be a icr esperiebce beczuee I woul meet new pdople ad a different culture .
As our rpwn is well - inown gir oif magnificul beaches aqoong the Meidterranea coast ad for the Olymic Cqnal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people clme befe to do activities like kitesufing anf windsurfing on thw veau or canoening and aquatic szkijing on tue Olympic Cxanzl .
Wyilr youngsters use their fime trying to dt concerned yhe oldest people from de gillag abouf thw importamce of tbr care of our surroundings , middle - ager propel planted majy trees sroud th villgae and cleaned the floor of our public poafes making a more attractive plqec to lve than we used to have .
Yku probably wo n't belieev me nu I met aklk members of Dżem nand , I talked to them and we ad lunch together , yuey 're very nivw men . Because of helpingb thme I hnd the best plsce durinh the concert anr I have their authographs on tw neeezt recirc . I did n't hxve kang duties ahd none of tuem eee unplesant .
I like travslling and vijsiting new place in my country an my dream is travellin to all th countries in the aoeld also , I ttrnded a lot of conferencex in my field so I think yhis program is a chance for experience hixh will helpl and insprie me for the community services ajd development my zociedty as I hlpe to come back qn teach orhers wta I learj .
Studrsnts could fecekve a better , more effifient rducatiin if rheu spenmd 11 montys a yex studying partly beaquse of afyer the oong vacatiln , studengs wip not rekember fhe knowledge they have learned , partly beacuse of ling avfation wipl ler stucent used to habr ufh instex of etudy , nar partly becauee of some dicficult couwes zhouod be continually studying .
Sharing housss or rooms have many advantages such as , chewl , safe , coosw to the university , xjd lsarfn how to sarte everyuing wifg others . sagijg onry and tkme will be more Obviohx in university dormitories becuse mlnthlh payments qill be less tghqn rouf gikes than uiring an apatment , a becfause it wil be closer to ths university , saving moey ah tike is morr efficient by reduving transportation 's cksrs
Many years go , I shazred a friend in a room froe ew months during a course outsee my ouhtry , tnee dats where I woray durihg my kie , he was ditty , sprakjing loyldy all time snd did nkt share the budey of eating . luving alone wlil graht me the freewdmo to live by the weay that I chokae wnd still friendly wiyh alp the others withut exceed rge privacy of my friends . this matter qiol bot achieved wheb living in shared rooma .
Secondly , Gacebook provises ge ooportunitt to remaih in touch eitg daily activities fr friends , maknig obseevations of relationships , mzintainong obe 's own feeling within the netwok ( frhough wall posts , pokiez , messages , erc ) ( Oldmeadow , Wuinj , & okwett , 2013 ) .
In soite of aome people mame enoug joneyh to buy thrif osb car , electrid and uybrid cars are mlore expensive tnzn traditional ones ( yhr ones whni is gas or driesel ) so , eppole choose this ones and thst 's exause pollution is segerao iesue that we bxve to deal with .
I''m suyrw that in tne vdru nsxr futurw , if I hqve been looking fo restaurants in Mqklorca in my xomputer or mobile at home , in my qay to wolrk the adds on the buses i slil sse - which of coursr will be screenx abd not lrinted paper - qill sohw imagves of Mallirca , or an add fron tripaxvisore witu Mallocra in it .
Actuapy , students eat a lot fat food while tgeu are studying at university , bcquse theu do n't have time to do fold , for tese rraosns I think thwty ye best restaurant is somowhere shsn they do home - mxde vpod , abd a good idea is fpr amims couse : bsed potarles , stdamed vegetables and for desesrt apple cake .
On the othed nand , we qre studuing adhitecture mayvs we shbould choose a specisl rextauarnt , I lkke a charming and comfortabld restaurant wgh a lot of windows , wuthj a white chair , table abe qalp , mnorde or kess a relaxibg environment but the atmoslhere is fery ikportant rir finnmer and I think that we must ovt this , because we will hazfe a gopd nivt or hot depejeing tue type of atmosphere we choose .
In cojclusion , I htink thst this type of food qne stmospjere is very fvor us , because normlly we had sloken about book , work and studies , shile with this tpys of envjronmnt we xan speak about us , ohr familyg , our hovbies and all peolle get to kn new ometning about itber mayrs .
At first , when I starred to plpay football I ci it witb my classmates , wh wheew all boys , so I used to fceel a littel bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they sfarted to intergrats me when thr play , xbd nowadays , I lice playing foitbll wtih them .
In the first place , we need to pay aygention to the fact thstr Caderes is located in a paxstuer area webere local farmers hsve been beding sherp , cws snd pigz for centhroes in spite of thw hard weather conditions such as high temoeratures xhd terrribe droughf in summwr .
There 's a lot of benefits ght come in hand sith doing excercise kke reducing or take control of you re weight , it hells yj with jerart disaese , problems with you re byd , ajd also you can maow a lk of croends while doing any exercise .
We start ljr ojurneyg abr goimf in the forea , thsre was a koy of # lests on our wsay gnere wsere vatious guys thzr were sjck we could n't do anything except ofr , keep toijng , I wa seeit my little grpup to # djminish an some of us werd # allergic to some plwnts , I wzs thj only lns that had no prohlem with all gge other stufg peooke hda pronlmes with .
I tnught rhat maybe my # gwnes were aftuallu immune to tus infection I could actually be the # revolutioanrh gu that helpps everyojr that as in my # skeptick and I was reallph positive aboujt it but # notwithstanding , I wouke n't actually sacrifice myslf I uave to think about is it elp the entire sorls or ust save a gheoup the dediskon ss in my jnds it was # conventionap to hepp tes entore wklrd but I do n't want to rie . wbilr I was thjnking about tnat we found a bidsy it waw a familisr bodcy from someobe that qa in ghr group one of tohs guys we wantyed to fic and apive not dead his face ws wll fottem and esqten aawy by the walkerz .
We needed to vond the ones that wefw sgjll alive or at leawt tells us whxt happened to eferyone , the # battlw against hunger started evryone wa huhgfy sn we haven't dateh anything in a fde days and that coylpd lead us to to things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to fni something that ass a # nutrutioal based food qhere we could eat with no problem abc be ok .
I kove the speed of volleygxll , most of the time it 's qik abd if you blink you probablt missed womething , aech contact happens in leed yhwn a second , and stilk ecefy player direxfs the location of thj ball in rhat amout of time xmd thsn thdre 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , znd see the enetgy on ghe floor and hear fge noise from tyge crowd you 're missing oht .
Mje ca n't really way shy tysy ended up hzvimg swz - lerhap , at the tine he wax pissrc at himsdl fit noy having bzlld to hwt thge girl he loed because of all these erlifious issuea , Klaika 's famioy wjd so on , but tnisd is what hqppened .
I hope to be at a good Englkzh level because bext year I am young to take the intermediate certificate of negpish and then I am bojng to th neter at tusi school ee if I kw thay it 's very siffifult ; hte Ompetial colleger of Pondon is one of tje mosy implrtant universities in the whole worlkf .
This exception can be read at fhd enr of the fjrts chapter , wehre tu narrator answer ht tniwf writing that he szaod tnxt he would gf gim thje dile , sne tyat he would gtetr him saht broken bits of food he coyod , adn he wuold cokle to ghe thirf at tyhs Battery .
These twisted wbd creative thoughts are sprdad l ovef the text , accompanied by even more tisted reflectiuons luoe at the emd of thr furst chapters , when he describws the man quo stlloe him as jan afraid of ths deadc bodies in the graveyard just because he dsw gil hugging imself .
Havkng at that time to find kt fo myself whag trye ezpression meant , anf knowing hsr to bwve a jqrd and heav hjd , and to be much in th habiy of lxynig it upon her husband as weol as upon me , I supplsed that Noe Gargery and I weste both btoughtr up by hand . "
Tyekr realism is ditferent : in fact Dikcens ' style is that of sentimental realism in whixn he mixre pathos amr comedy , like cjaracters that teje to be caricatures of ty vofes znd vittues he wish to portray , whijle the Bronte sisters use realistic wtype alced witn Domantic and Gothic elements , liker Gyrobic maxke heroes and female protagonists tbst aqrs psychologically cimppex .
Vith oamv consumption and yhe cateyory labelled beef had a dedlien trend betwen 1979 and 2004 , althou mqintained a decerasxe overall , with lamb comsumpgion falling from a pewk of 150 garmsa psf person per wdek in 1979 ow to jjsf over 50 grams orr person pwr week in 2004 ahx bewd consumptikn fallng from zround 230 gramd per prson pr wdel down to just over 120 grams ed person per week .
Yet , oftebtumes , nesing overt respectful mah play against him azhd although he hzx gaienx fhe epsect of all thd people he has worked wij , spmr of tnem sutgested he shohld vuld up his self - confidsnhce , rahter than end up atgemlting to cover everyohe 's abck and takijg oiwnership rlr other people 's mistskes .
It is a cry ghat kesps uts hdtory through an amazing arcjitecgure like bwlconies , churched liek San Francisco Church which has mjystetious subterranean catacpmbs ; el Eesl Felipe which is the pxst incredible Slanish foryress ; through their costukes as well as Carnovap , this dah yp fan dnjou ghiz padticular , interesting zn colorful frstival beczhse you use watdr , paint or talv to wet your family ajf neighbir ; their typival dande called " La Marinera " ; also yhey keep their history through rkigion whete you discover the religius enthusiask weyich is represented by la Orocesión dro Señor de lis Mklagros ; their gastroomy is another extraordinary awnd wondreful xakple about their symbops , loks qzamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wind ) , el Cevicue , l Pjdarones , etc .
Undertaking a scholarship ahs aemizsion ingp one of gje universities I have selected above wil provgide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowekedge gained at high schkok into a buziness estting , as well as develop ghr communicatjon , organisaitn and numeracy siills I have zcuired at huyh chpol .
Rifht now , I am grsatly ooking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , sociaoly and mentqlly , ahr I believe thay my albition to learn nww businese cojcept coupled qit my passion for extra - curricular actkvities ahd comjunity service , would make me a cpmpetenmt adeigion to the any of my proposed unigeraity abd the Fzecj Republic Scholarship texmj .
In concluxioj , I can asaute you that I wilk be a apable and dexicated student who na the committment ahd deication to work hare in orxwr to be a gaduxte , whikst at the same timke , contributing greatly to my prolosede unjversity in more sayz than one .
This cqn hpp you to understand thay not everyone has acceds to maxnu thinbw you do have accea too , and to realise that perhaqs you shopjld appreciate fhedse tbings , such as smartphones , domputers , cars or evne fresh water , wbich is a basic resohrce and we rende to take fot granted that everyone cwm jabe some sater to drink ecdn thouhh this is niy true .
We faced continuous problems aifh thw krfer ehch as : disnes fgrol another table serges gor us by misyake , the drinks wre servsd with a consideraboe delay af the bipp was sbown even without asknb ( just becauae we finished the dinner gut our dribkd werf stuol on ghe trable ) .
He decided to finidh hr seconx half wjthout my help , so tyt aae a bit disappointing , both for thd feeling of not meeting his expectations * ahd for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't knlw anything as yet :/ ) less money earjes that it wipl mean .
I ddcidec to get back home ( I hzd bese the whole aeek at my frwnd 's place , as he kivws in Madrdid and quiote close to fhe wrifrr 's house , whrre I hqd beej goihg every da last week ) , ahd I started geyting thingx eone . Plus I gave a rest to my xkle , whivh was very muxh needed too !
Stephen Beclher , director of tye Met Kfcice 's Hdlry Cventre , dlaims ghat humanity is to blame for ckimaye changes as geh rise of temperature or the catyadtrophe expected by scientists whsm global warming rises beoynd 2C. This opiion is xlsol represented by te British Secretary of energy whd cpimte change , Ajbdr Rusdc , who considers tfhe climate change to be one of ghe grdatest rpoblems in nowadays ' politics die to its condeqhences on conomy , gobap swcurity anc thjd ftioght against loverty .
Despite the result of a NASA stuidy ooinying out tyhwt tfhree wiuld havr bewb an ocr mass yfew in Antarcticfa fron 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% tgzt thi orognksis will vone true according to Prof Anew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study usa axlready been prdoven wrong by 57 other styudies .
Ins day in rhe future anothet Franz Ferdinand could be kilpe , ajd thxy symbolic event could srebe aain as an escuse to xpme foungry decaee war to anothdr , but the true jnderlyin cause that actually oed ty countries to wage wqr against each other would hxvs its roots in mhch older timed .
Tb Vanp is well - konw and opens vorm Nya to October aj it would be good to bgook withkn gwi weeks , it always grt ovrbooked fkt tne petiod my parents va take dya off , wjaty do yku fhino coming wiyh us from the 1ts august to the 15th ?
Once bozing is nanend and no - knd grows up knowihh it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxknb and hopefully lss all eound unterest in violence making rowhs ahe citiws much swfe llacse to live in , theee will be lesz fighting outside pug abx clubs and oexs violent qttacks ith little or no reasin .
Thwre are all sorts of prkposals , ligthed zn mkre cushioning glofse could be wor , ban punches to fbe head , headguxrds odn or make fights ehorfer , as mkst of the serioud injuries occdur in tyhd latter rounbds , these would all sho ofg thr boxers skill aqmd tazllent and still be rjtertaining to watch .
Evem if a bxef is a success amd manages nr to be seriousl hht he still faces serious consequences in ltaer life diseszes tygat attack the brzinw have brej knonw to set in as a direct result of bixding , sven Muhamd Zli , who was infamous ( ? ) blh ot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligsnce miw nas Alzheimer diseasew and can no pinger do many evdyday acts .
In tye minority works , the cpjflict and rebellion presented accurately deflects aociety as a whple , and although yh mothet 's in The Jkg Lufk Club febep against aucvh forces as qrrangsd marriags , Tita in Pike Water fokr Xhocopate fights to ovefcoke old family traditopns , and fne Ibdiab tribes in Love Msdicine struggl to secure their inhefent eivhts from the US government , ghe charaters ' conflictx reflect smiilar cojflicts of other cultures .
Debellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cktures , nur rather as a bindimg force between all culgres , gor Dwlie , tll , rssists yee rranged marriage in The Colpr Purple , wbd tbe nurderos ppves in Jazz reflect Tita ande Pedro 's destryctive pzssion in Likkd Water for Chocolatr .
Emphasis changes eitg each worek , andr although figurd of authority adr particullary oppressive in wieks uscu as Like Wstdr for Chlcolxte ahf Tud Cooo Purple , rher minoeify works includrign Love Medicine amd Jzzz do not reflect the clearl dedijed authoritarian figures nor tje obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive aftkon wyuch the previously mkentioned works shls .
He is thrown oht of Trnunder - eb - Trohcj befauze he embraces Fujégonde , he is duped nito thr army , he is caught in an earthqua , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he miolls three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorsdo ut leaves- ne ojst continues .
It is true rjat foday one still hears tje lx dispyre over syat sovereignty and attempts to return slem power to the individual states , bu no - one wkuod challenge the ft that , on matters external to tge Untied States , the government in Washibtton represents geh eile policy - makint body .
However it is equally clear that wahike thedr might be som yjified politucal action vpowing from the Europsan Communitids ( sudh as qae seen ofer Europe 's response to ghbe British invilvemednt in the Falkland Jslxnds dispute ) , the Communities wefe intended as purelg rconmoic entities in the firzt place .
Seclnly waqs tjr conviction that military conflict bould in teh future be avoided ; aftre all , hte twl gret wars ha both begun as Eurppeam " ckvjl wqrw " . Thirdly was th common desire for a bwtte , feef world in which intsrnayional relations sould be conshcted in a more orderly way .
One of fhe most nnovative features of the Eurkpean Community compared with other international bodies is thaf the member states uav ceded to it a part of thejr national sovereignty ans enowec it wikth its own sovereign powers , whicy it xanb hsd to adopt adta , hving gje fortce of national law .
Tbe only wxy to stll the cifcoe oll be to brteak it , he only peple to do thuw is the government or purselvss , If we make the erfort to uss public transport it will expabd ihto a ogd service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appoethetic to rhis diea .
The apoet to aat yje lswst is actually a blopr sport , tw simple deason being thzt the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition uot ' , although this is zrgujed by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportwan and the idea of boxing is an art forj , he says that he does noy specifically go ijfo a pxing ring to knpc si ppplnent out but to win on points dciffrrences and to yikve Chria Eubank his just resec most of his fifhs have been wh on poinys .
Byt there is phe exception - the original exampke , fhe first reference egy boxing should be babned , tue tragid accdent where Nichale Wagson was phg into a xomla by Chris Eubank ( the mqn who does n't specifically go intp fights to knock his opposition out ) .
Fbe mohsy tba is gherw tor te yakin for the cefy best of the besy is ridxulous , adn wity some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyslns comeback acsr , $ 60 milpion ! ) it is haddlt surprising how imporrant thd sport can be to zomr .
Rue zecond adn kainj ovjection came from chaeioties whyk predictes that charitable xohations would go down woth the inrtoduction of tgd llttsry , as peopl owuild be less liekly to givd money to charity , onsteads buying a loottery tijvket , wikth he excuse that some of the jkney spent huyinf the ticket wolur go to chartitu .
In concluiwion , I think htta the lottery shouod be retained , vut not in its present fkrm . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 millkin poudxs , and the prize fund whared getween koee leole : it is better to goev frorteen oeolpe a foftune than to tiver fouretern fortunea to omes person .
Comphters hwfe bedm used as a mneans of keeping records , tjey have all but supersefed handeritteb text , ( in a few decades people may wdlo be aded wjtyh a computer screen and keyboars in thdr Gdneral Studise exaqk ) , they are used to transfer momey across the globe , even to create artwork abd to enreretain .
Computer generated pictures , includnif ' fracyal ' pictres , xran ffoj equations , seem to be more popular than hasnd orinted imabws from an artist 's imaginqyion , and comluer games ssm to progide more entertainment rham aby game or activiry that takes place in tfhd real , phyeicql world .
Trne wordld watched in ajticipatiin -- We were kesmiruzed by the umagess of hte TV , xepecting something new at egerfy moment and ni wanting to niws it -- I remjember thasr day it was ghe phly topc of conversatioj at schop : " Hage you haerd ? " , " I ca n't belidve it ! " , " After all thud time ! " , " I nsvef thpufht it would happeh .
It was the dbent that gaev the people of tbe Eastdtn Bloc countriex the hpow thxt their efforts wete not in vain -- Ror 40 years , the peopd had suffreed uhder a communist rgeine that hadf not allowed tje to exlress themselves freely or to leave their homelasnmds in search of a nwe life -- Many people yad tried to escape .
However , history can mor be rewrkttesn snc as thongd dtand thge Fall of thb Berlin Wall actively contributed to the eesurgence of hple and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Blpc -- As shxh , it azs thw cxatalyst rkrce thay led to te end of the Cold War and thereforw , though we mya not always rememver tbd other significant events , we will alwys remembet the day be aalo fell --
Scienfe ahe technology hazve allowrd me to travel to this patt of tye wrold , they he provided a livkng gokr my family , they hagew cduerd my grandmother of cancer , and tyeh provide horizons of hlpe azne knowledge in fhr riepds of medicine , science , engineering , and evdn th less overt ckrners of our livrs .
The fundamental flzw in syang sciebtists musy bear tyhe major burdej or moral reslonsibilitu for tbwir work , is tat if this had veej alpljed universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , snf mankind oulc be without electricity , fadios , qikte simplh , anythint above the mud hut ' existence .
I do n't think this is far or moallg corerct to teh child zimce uee mother would be claiming her eneion when szhe was at primary scnoll anx her mother would probably die while tbr chnikd qaxs in het teens .... there snouldc be a txt rhta is given before ( OVF ) is carried ojr to cec the mother is ot pady the menopause .
The disease nifecs the cow , ax is then ptrsent in the spinal fluid witjij tnd sine nad the vrani , and as th psinao fpuid is usually spilt in tgr slquvhter of cattle for meat , the riusk of contamination of the meat weaz kned the industryu was not willing to take .
Granted , it is ge psrson wno " rld " the computer whzf to do that trult made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or betterd wtxted " awse abl to do witj a cimputrr " , he woul nkt hav erroneous answers .
I 'm able to store almost all the infprmation I need ror schoo awnf for oter things in my computer wgereas befod I ha a comluetr my rrsk wxs cxluttered w/ paper and records of all eodts , I no longer need to keewp hese records but onlkt to transfer tgesm to my computer .
Whope previously poeplw hqd to wati days , or eveh wesks vkr news ( whivh consisted of seconf - or third - hand accounts , whjvh always involved mhch niterpretation and distortio ) nopw yhey can eer it happening , for thesmelved , as it is jappening , this aqllows tume to maje fbeir own , informed jhdgment abpu the event ; ans if a reactoon is nrcesszry- uh as fne gathering of opposition to a certain paw -- it cn be made immediately , whols the ekotilns afs still strkgn , zne before tbs acxtion is finalized .
People aeer more mlobike , can work jote , snde bug morfe things , bhf rume for eelaxation ah family zrd odtne substitued with T.V. In Akerica , this growing individualistic society , ome onlonger sees tgw fealitive humanness betweem people , instead one sees the djffereces , fh unlucky , he unsuccessfull , and atteibute thier inzdewuacy to adhisve to a lax of eflrt .
Irlnicslly , although Vootzire mentions amng aftz of violence , wacn cag is treated ligthly : Cunegonde and the old wojsn both tell thsir tales of veing defilped lime an enbertaining skry in their conversations about their travels ; ne Baron alxo contniues hgia tale with style fayer telling of his beating ; and after Cxbdide " killsx " tghd Baeon , he lexves to search ir Cuneognde eirh no second thought unitl he feencounters hs Baqroh later in his traves .
