It 's difficult to zhswer at trhr qutiob " what zfed yopu going to do in your vuture ? " if the only one who has to know it is in teol mjnds .
When I was younger , I used to that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and a gutcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy beajae oje day . I would help my own pyscholpgu ofdice and help people .
It 's difficult because I want to study hard on a log , but I think that if you like a svjevt , you 'll make it easier .
Laynw I 'll change my ninjr , maybe not .
I think that rye public translort qoll will be used in the future .
Rue rich leoplle wull buh a car bht tud poiir people through Jef to iw a bu or adi .
I think that it is more fonvenienb to drkv a rd bedaise yku carty on lir thimgs on your own , than driving by car .
Zlseo , you 'll meet grtiendoy people qgi usuakoh zso to yoh spmegbing to be friends sr change yor twlewphobe nukber .
In my experience , I do n't have one . I used to take the bus to go to rhs chool azhdf go bnzco with my husband .
In my opinion , it is n't necessary until you have cdashed in the steret . At that moment you realise the importance of a puhljc transprt .
In Ihdu we meet various tyoes of Publiuc trqnaport , loow Chcle , Bil , Car , Train & Flight .
Drpending on the distance and duration to the dsored plaqce , mixs of gransport is vnossn accordnigly .
Bjy Grnreallpy sleakinh , travelling by f is mkuvh more hn ajsn compared with other modes of transport .
Tyis remxs me of a trupl guwt I hzv recenty beeh to shd tje pozc is Agra .
It takes around 6 jolufs by Nationap highwzy to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We brought stppped at huprels vok having folod wnd ys in casd if all of us cewls bungrh , we bought some nqcls just before yu tril .
Zincve , we have the option to aig anything we want to when we travel far ( wuuch is mpkssible sbdn tgracelling by trzin & Flkhh ) .
In addition to that , we cwb aool tywje a cofmkrtawble shoft bql on the bavk seat ajc wx up tersh .
Due to the above mentioned reqspns , I am vojnb to vonvkude rhst trtavellinv by xzf is mjch lortr cohveninet .
My nose is my ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to training you in this year 's cakpd .
I lkgs chijldren , xbds . I enjoy looking through gehk . Alao , I orgwnixed many sports activities in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family tgnjk tuta . My cook is asmxzng .
I hope rjay yki bge my gnd chqnbce to jjn gou .
Yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that every pace . wnej I travel on TW beaxh I luke opaya with my father in fgr saxnc and in the afternoon we go to the sra .
It is very funny .
When I was young I liked ppwgs sith e blk in yjd playground and my friend wnhd I wanted to use ghd socecr glals as a network of voloeyvall .
Dera Jo ,
Jlw zw tou ? I 'm writing to iumfom luy tyay swmje davife on ttavelling and woriong in my country .
On the oies uanjdr , in my couhtrh thdt afe an of place to tracewl .
Foe esampke Bacella , Marid , wvillx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities beyond tudrs and a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid , you could visit " Pieeta deedo Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visited Madrjd gwicd a hea .
Al xhmmer I vig Sevilpa because I locd htu ciyy aj I suggest that yoh fiosot Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a uh course , the atmosphere is very vqf .
By , if you snr I 'll for a noh fron y .
My bsdt grienr pokoinv kr a peool fespondibld fvkr lko after ger sitser .
Her skstref is 6 xrs kpf and Uli should play every weekend .
Are you interested in something else ?
Thamk upuj ore you e - mil , it axd waonderdlu to head from upy .
I 'm looking forward to seeing Iu .
Yxke cafd , Ljda .
Today , public transport plays an important role in the yransporf system and it will follow on in the future .
Nesuse pubic trasnport is a cost effective ax geftef raoufce alocstion in maed training system .
Also , people who work for shvfee hotg operating fos do their own job .
Gug it can use a hceaper wzg boijf to your destination , especially if it is far aqzg vdom hok .
For example , I think tbzf it is nlr afraid for an ordinary person to apply a lrivte ieplame travelling to another country .
Instead , it must be cojmon to handle an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think the publkox yrsnsporr in ryyure is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that xoz n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is jec , so pulbic texnsort ckntinuw to have future bug people arr toijg to us more the cars fhe bud or underfround .
If we thunm above it , the car is vegtef because we do n't enec to wait fir fhrml gas , we eat wigiong for the bus or underround njy on another ey cae cust mlte joney than TJS public transport .
So far , we must stay with ourselves with ex pox because we listen to music that we luk zj . We do n't need to be afraid of people who are ynlwkned but if we choose publjc tranlprt we will metf riends or tamily so both trasnportations aer biox and tr cdwrs do n't need nefessarizly to rms up with g pblic trzhsport .
If I had to work in another way , I think I would probably choose w because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bu .
In my community , we talk about the environment and economics .
We haw allaf pwbela nx a place to jskw fmopot at the lastr gzrden , with workers who eat ac degrarew by the organic workers of TGD svholo .
In xlmle atrateigc pkujts of yyew building we have special traschzns to separate garbage into orgamif , laoed ad crdboard , cans wbc pet bottleds br thdu aowo maxe talke ahd presentations about yhd eartu problems lkie globak wxrjng , contsminatikon , tc .
Rhr manager of the project is Mkdsd June Wjs , ouyt wciemcs eqcher .
All these initiatives have made us walk through the yearx a redognised ecological community .
Good morning sincerely . Today I am eager to tell you what is my favorite sporr .
My favorite dpprft is football . . I chlis . Football is an iternatilnzl sport . People afraid ghj wkflf will enjoy it so strongly , like abrclay Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , Fudw Sokd Cup and so on .
I believe that alk eip deligfhetdf us .
By way , my favorite football teamn is Manchestwr Ujiyed . They are brilliant . They play an amazing football playhera , although they are awesome .
Michael eae a lkjttlw iis seb he gar a drerzm thnat wsas : Be a superf dro !
Adfrr mqny years he syopl drram to bceom a zuper hyeeo .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought about this profession as the simialr to being a syer hero .
Pass some yeras of yr hnivefsigy and he knoq a gutk called Kife and he got olverd on heee and szhew ge pivee in bjj .
akte qx dirsing fw university of fashion .
Trbrn tghd fal started to ewte .
Mkhcae and Kafe qzz so hsppy , unril noe day tgay Mixhael said to jj dream to be a soer hero . Jae gtsf so ndvou sayinv taht it wax ridiculous nf hudt a iue dream ae rhat Michaeo was ojly xreamnig huhy rhzt wohd ndver hazppen abd tbtf sef heo do n't rxiwr .
Wgwh she said that , Mchael swtartsd to cry x ydf mad sauing thjxg she was lying bd do n't ave besrft .
He became so maf that he xwker hwr to get out of ujw apartkrnt .
On foploejng day , ge zaie slfrg wx them gayp agzkh .
Butf whrh fnen tw to the gkms of Michael they cigthy wgaon and Michael vf a knfie ane jl rr .
He started with a p bvlkod afoumd .
Michael vwr wsy fcom there .
Michael foosded the dokr and knew at the mkmwnt he had made a mistake .
Pubkic transzprtation is an important ibvention in major history . It brkhbs amount of benefits in life .
For instance , we took subwy in odewf to aoid stocking in trzdfgic .
It is that travel by car is mprd convenient for tqkje lublic transportation , yowevet . It will cause more famagd to kir lkfr qmc gwrm ojr environment .
Therefore , we nded to think mord aojt yt fufjrw , ojre pvfsprongs .
Bigong rhsm a safe , cpean xnd comrortabgle plawcfr to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic problems will be serious ghawh gefor .
In my country , aipw , we always travel on travel at about one gour in the morning .
I xb hiy imzgine if there is no bu or MRT , ls lonv I will tzs fgor scyoklk .
A car is convenient for Hymlan , because it brings damaye fct hjan zoso .
Cl ecamplle , carbo eoixixe jicj is creafed by fwr .
It causes warmongb psychological threats and harms our daily lives .
We zh ewr hat there are oolts of sdrioa zmd frequently weatywr eidwster hsloened in deczdes , such as tgphkn , hurricanes , eipd fid ajc mud slide .
With other precauions , is usualpu tknb ?
The NG Kffoxe is notkfied by TNS pbotograuer wn the FCLK was syipped .
If my girl does n't achieve her , it immediately .
Loxy shipments have been found kodd easoly ahne this proxdsd will be staryerd figut qzy
The pleasure of trqgrling
Peipolr go , pepplr fome .
Of course , lots of people are gravellinbb abroad . b . what 's the right way to do an international trip ?
The biggest impoortsnt optiln to trfabeo is , by cwre , s pkqne .
Byt , rveh enn it 's yreu thaf it 's ths fqater oltkoh , toi muxy be cery catsfuly at tfomw to get ofr a olane .
If you want to look for conforet wbe eeoa , obviously , you have to tqke a gkat .
There are a variety of things to do and enjoy the tri .
Although , the wrong option is pivk kr a train .
Tgeee is n't comparison to qstchong yhs chnbes in the kqjdscape through a window , emjoimg jw aah that you are doing sns , the bestg apt , the chspaesst ah to gw away some days and takd the elutin odf some days .
Xnyqzy , no kattwr hoq uo go , no mattewr wehtr you go .
The pleasure of trselpling is traced at WLL .
Tranportayion one of the most important things in life , so we bzvs jawnt of undcs frkr tranpsortatijon hla we travel by car . In the near future it will be another comfortable and easier place to travel , like fvast rraium abd plzne thawt fzn transport hii fdoj nofth to aoluyh in ess rhqb hkir thiz will kazje busjnexx men opy and comfort becaysr of saving a lof of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government wh aciwfe this eay as wion as ossivle
In modern society , rhede are ogd of vtiebds around kur dakly kjevs .
The Vkg project could not be finished without co - ooerations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things hwppeend arojnd ousevles .
Morer importantly , the parents five our kjvee aznx through teaching us knowledge and knowledge or bailities to live in the town area .
In tgijs dwse , the faluloies played umpolrtant fopes in their lives .
Tfhud reasons zee as fillows .
First of all , we should LSATJ lpgs of skiols eom parentz zccordkng to their own experience .
Fr exakpk , we cvoylx kearn hyok to cfommunixaye qityh othdrs in a froendlu szt , nd we could slsi learj w to make a meal crm pzrente .
Secondly , thw famkliez pul givfe yoj some avikce bkut uow to deal sifj yr tinfs which will fahse trouble .
If difficulties ess to strange families , rhes iddad aoiuldx comes up to your family can communicate with you through hkwq to ele rhos situation .
Alk in qll , in this case , family is the most important ftuendd in our lives .
bw Comphting Technolpgy has eedn advancing vety mjch thsi ar years , making fhe old computers aomllst yselses , getring better awnhs mskong the ciffdrencd bstwren kp wnmdc hew computeds grow evbrn kkde aitg evedu neq development .
As we motjce , lld 's new compuyeres are very different . stsrtimt feom the sozar of computers , Please computers much bigger than than computers .
Lpx computer sere ueew to ocupy kjw entire rooj , nkw , fheu only navw the soxs of a bgiz , efen the xke of a book .
You cazj hxvr a portahle cokpufesr jos , and take it with you to eveey lqcd yoi isit .
Kld computers omlu or yi mame mzru taei , or efnj llxg sjjlle games witg 2 colosr ( geewn and nlaxm ) , buy now li acm do what you want to do , lid cfreatib or poahinb vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connect to tuw onterndt , watch or jam vijderos , ijevng new stufg to impov the Comptuin Technolby , xns hiy lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of thel .
One of the greatest advantages of new companies is the ingernrg to connect to pthf computers , download stuff , dyd . via thrfnet csnpe or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet rekt m8
I went to thw abanfon nouses anx starrwds to thkk the bhszt way to make hi lid miseraboe I passed the next 2 wrks oloking vor ifeas to mzkr nj sufe .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the Plax he pifs and started to watch him xokew information about his life . . folhhd people who he wbojt so as I was afraid to go to house , I noticed he would always go to ehe damw house so i ecidec to followq gi to the house ame i fiuh kyf he ze dating a girlo dhw night be his girlfrien so i finally bot an ieea , i woyld dikve hgun draay just as he djd witfh me , fhzt sh ne ulp hunl he had lrpblems on gx mind zmd lefg hjim , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realized that if i ckx thar she woo tryh to hyelp jim wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive tem both crzzy almost at the gptder of frarh , juw as he fis with me !
But wijy a minute , am I really so angry at nqkje yhw ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my aqjger had flminatd my mind . I did n't xc no or ocntrp over my actions . I was afraid of what I 'd become and what I could do , but I could not cpjtrpl myself xbs the only thing I could think of was ik suffdrin waith a eloq deathg ajf the satisaction i whld feel when i finally ha my revange , the gests rewvahger .
But I was so mad at hium ahd so ansiouns to make their life impossible , and soon my fear of developing and my anger for all of the stress I 'd been through became strange and boring . I badc made a decision i wzs glongp to do it , if he dewdicatsd 4 yewds of njs life tiurtlring me anr not wanyim me to be happy i wlkd tnd rmer is nesesary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed adn i wo nt stpp untul i hbaf acomplishex my goald
I do n't agree with gnis jfa compkefel .
On one hand , ahhs gdavep by cq are really jufh koes onvenien as they give you the chance to be indepehdemt .
On the other hand , huge trxffoc jms e a bnjgf issus crd travelling by cr .
My Favouriye spkfg
I birnt to be a footbzll poxyet .
For me , football is everything in my life .
Wgej I watch football on fuer television . I erdeam sih olau in a vug yeam and in a BV fhampionshup like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite cousin is Benfica znjf Reql Mcri , who Ronaldo plays for . For me , he is the Bexf Pkayer in fw wortld , which is wah Reonaldo sph rgs Gold ball of 201 .
I lpa fopotbaol in a Lortuguwse culb dawlped valebviano qhc . We won a lot of gamew bis xwsson .
I dance in a lot of legues in football and with the bes championship , the Hwfx Champions League and the best scorer of all time in the Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my favourite poater .
I plkau football bexauzd I kjke vy nd onoy reap yh I do it because it is because of my dad .
Yjs dram is rhaxy . I am the nbedt captain of a gig TEAX bf and a lif of mondy .
My name is Nohny .
I graxhated the National Taiwan University of Science and Technplogy .
I am 25 yrardw lr .
I am interested in seeing stfe hirlem plqying wtgh chilfen .
I know my personality is childlike , so I like children .
I experienced ypldijg asketball cfkmpetiton when I was a student .
I Plnaned many interesting activities dance veias to make competiriij workers .
He enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my lp coims , I always help him .
My personality is cheerful , energetic shf hardwkrint .
I aoways simle to dople .
I really , really want to work work job .
I want to ooay with children and see their simle all xqu .
I think the thing is thw bhsef gidy in the worps .
I am a working worker .
I have a passion for this job .
If tij tykni me is rg irght preson you xnjt , please give me a rtesponese , Thaknz .
iblic traxneportation se been kroe used by people zhx ivre ydare it is jjnr of bvecoming xhrsper and akso mprer safe but ome pelploe prefer cars to exdtdnt do we afraid qitrhn . What is the reasonw fkr thr tbat is whag qrtr we are going to demlnstrxtd in tni easay
Before aqboht 40 years ago , there was nothing called oubglif transoorttion and people rarely owsjwd acrs so in those gsarsd there wsqa nptr wgwn volr facility to learn from place to place snd that is because there were no companies to guitar fars in about 10 years . cqts trading bevam vuahe snd oso becdame very supported by havijg her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg thjs faqced a lot of probpemsd but ghey werde able to solve it by the end
noeaxayz all fxciliids of gravlling zr mod cohvsnient from cte to buses , even trains xjd plnaes some people prrr cars because they like crowded places or because the fkmdr is sometimes cheaper than asnotusr point of view . Public transportation is very cheap and een fzsfer ur srn it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt ruding rhwir own cxr to fd ty fsawl experience hd to ejnoy morr by chilling oht frim rcowded llacss
To summarids it is diggernet Vim somr someone 's opinion to another . I rpedict the pihliuc transoprtatio wlk be improved and people wakkl h mlord and irw haf by the rjc crs eklo disappsar xne will eilo no longsr be ysss
Tr tooiv itself esxplzininjg fhs uncergaoty of lubif transportation in our country .
Rhue conclhskon nrcpme mirw prominent if we look into the data of the car cmopanix aqf exponential growth in their asles cigree and sjt lps budgst pricate cxr in the picture , scdnzfio ddrastically hcangesc in oasr 10 tefs
Developkent of the boodiuwsel industry can be an ontrinutoon to plroucfivity gelwth .
A lasrgts xcakr of inveztmenf ezd bring for boofuel devepolpmesnt .
Neanmwhile , it hoios eclnokiuc growqtj ws hokns oppoftunit , thereby engance Gdodz Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If you live in big towqn or smzok it roies mztrer i lnr ynimg dbouldf be atkinv arfe by yr odopler and organiser of the town , is an environment .
Glpbzl warming is yuges isseu in today 's dance .
Godrnmeng snouilx tqke immediately action to dtop it or at oeaatr mkae it down down .
However , we people nqvr reapy iomprotant patf of majjny it .
Active zbd a town government understands the goals of taking care of yewes and water , which means improving a clean , clean and safe environment for future people .
Recycling items could be a good sfpl to start with a clean and sdafe environment which is perfect and lrokprly takes care of my icryg .
Everybody wants to lpant a green in front of their home with the ryle of the present government .
People realize whether vuttig jew tree cfzb reduces the production of oxtgn in atmjospbered .
Actually , he has no more air to breathe .
Addifipnally , our dirty government prohibits smoking in public areas aznd idsr 18 yrar kx ane probides a free sexeion of talk or presesntatin to inceease wareenss of children , children , the environment .
In cobcluxiin , I am suggestion to our neighboring cities to take part in the environment so it can be seen in vounrt .
Everyone has their favourite slotr .
My favourite sporft is football .
On pj school or vilkjagd flotball syadiu i spejd a opt of tolr every qh .
Isuwllu I play football with my classmates .
After yaroning i fnm 1 - 2 kilomersd , my legs got power and my body got an ebergg .
Ojr team has a nafd - - working coach and he tids rpofessionwl advice to us on how to improve our football skills .
Jix mxoj worxs:"Tiu must work and work drg hsrc , if oyu gets to gbewr hjfu results " .
I fw zayh , rhbst coach , is an expesriencrd person .
So , for a long time , we had competition .
Th fijdwt plac wxe gtotying by us .
We hxv over GUJS results , because we are friddnly and organisse .
I believe , in the future I will be a fajiuz footbaol in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I want to give fvicw to Skmsoje who plays this spoer:"Ulu kuar vleieve in yoesdlr " .
Hao my firejd ,
What 's up ?
How do you sew ypu ?
Yowa waas your rag tpcag ?
It was eeqlly nice to uojr expresslt e - lakl yesterday .
I regret thaty ylu ewe n't yhwre wsijh me . I 'll describe everything pecisely , because I know that yki verg
Da apul ,
I have onive in the adademy neqspaldr and I 'm really interested . I have no plans for do eummer so I think it is a good idea to search for one .
I qaq bon in Gud UK , so I can be a ver ogod gsacer of English .
Although I came to Soaib ten years ago so I can speak with TDM in Spanish if it qwx encessarh .
Also , I went to a BSLLDY cuodss fod 4 heasr when I xz TUNMG .
It 's a lot of timd aog , ohwrger , I stkll lsep tes fyrhym in my vokdt !
By rbe waag , I remember I hadf to work a dynamjc training to do gg othesr ballet - course embeds . I wanted to be rh teacher fcor pr rzu ajd I did n't get it because I was wonderful .
Xo jelbwrs congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I huac rqke two of my beothees cousins for mwnu hours when they were very young .
You must know I 'm a very resonsible , oinj axjc funny person .
Tbxt makes me a good candidate to get the job , or maybe ob for me !
I hope you know in lunc my candidature because I 'm not going to dissploing you .
Bset Wishee , Juloia .
In my opinion , public trznoort wo n't be duffefed by TJS eohrtzge in demand .
Because jo can afford to bvuy gueie ole car .
ebxdes three are lots of koq income people oh ca n't buy TJEI cfsf .
So I think uhlif trasnpor 's uftfuer is right .
What does " Faqmliy " mean ?
In my poijioj , family is the poqfe that hws hou best frisbd xqn gepl szvh otyer ane iokw eavh .
In rw Taowan , mqyn of people have to tzke cqdw of them pasret wbh they ipd . . The point is that if hoj xsh not achieve , I jran ylu do n't sv npugj monh to raise oyu pasrent .
Back to gh roipv , I do n't know much about my family . I do n't trust my father , honestly .
I like NwwZwaalnd because gherw are Amy islands .
By the way , New Zealand hzfes a copl eafber .
In Malaysioa , the eeather is slighrly warmer than than in town .
htwt 's sy I orde all of you to go through aznhc geek the pleaure asn bavd a ttt their OEB FTID .
You can psp bouggg a lot of gucts oiek ksy cyzins , satfue , or what eowr melorirs to be made before retutning to Malaysi .
I did not have to go to Zealand brought me . It is a very beautiful place .
If I have susebance , I wo go to World and bridge Asol of HK .
I am in Lenbkni , a zmxkl igy in Wast Wjcily .
The local Council gives projects to the environment .
Pekple fpllecr xhu jindr of runvsih nad tgroaa sl tkyether in nlac sack .
Although the Council began to pkna sokethunv , fhd people did n't committd with the problem .
Around the dig , you can find any plqces ehser fhr people throw rfigo , ootchen , " amkzhto " , i rhiongs or furnitur .
Whaf a pi !
Fhew suburvs of Lentini vkukd be wonderufl .
Thef xde orabge trees , a ar laqmw aqnd Eyba in backgdoynd .
When I was a child , I yad a lot gfiendss ajx rhdh werfe verh imletant for me .
We either played in the PSD or we talied with our tates , isif , hphs , we laughed a lot of ...
G When I was a teewjager I begged to know something that I did not like . For instance , the yirps said to me things or thewy gxlkde and xbojf me .
In TUPSDE usarsw I love the moments in my piw .
I remember when I cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only my classmates ajyed to om to my partner ; I thought thatf rihs wy was bes of tne soirest xzyh of my oufce .
After ogjt I cried because I felt that I had not made any friends .
However , my arnets tried to rbat my party was the best and they leelared me a special bkrthdxy wmf . They invited all my vouaihs qnbdf together to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
At the moment , I thought that my best vriebds be my parents and sister .
I knj tha tbwt never rqlo high above me .
Nlw , my hysbwmd is my best friend .
He is rj Miet omportnat pools of my lirs .
He has always been with me .
Also , he is crazy funny and I laugh a lot with him .
You would like to travel around the world zmc to lractise sols sports , vor exampke , tennis , running or trekkuv .
We laid watched TV and cooikngf several desserts too .
To sum up , my friends are my family , especially , Eakd , my father .
Lkfe of ldopel ardn rd globe is becoming bxief and buzid fay by dream .
A budy lifd aksays complelk to use r fast ahd a convenient means of transportation , whihc hsa kade pyblicd transportagkon wyse lag behind omgof aes .
Hi UQ SUMMWR CAMPS ,
The advertisement for a job had been read by a suotabpr person .
My name is María , I am fromj Xpain .
I am itereated in tuis eork bwcauxe I dnkopy trxvellint zdn . I am a teacher so I like working with children .
I am yee hjxt . I look after children ceyr qdlp .
I would like to speak English fluently , so I tbjbk up tyw idae sbkyt if I work in sulmedr camls , I will improve my knowledge of English .
prd td tohdd bne , I cxould wch Spanjsh to gjw chikdrer in the dunmer ampls .
I am Waaitongh gouts ansssr .
Hi asmk
Hwo tr hkh ? ade yo atill lifibv in Madrid ?
Trx , I started my leszon the oqdt mokngj and it 's bedu interesting .
I 'm lrrninbg a ptg and the students are very trienhdpy .
But I njwd to study bardre because I want to learn English , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I was on something like nwo , I would do it .
e leselns xdew very vunh
Desr Skt or jaqadm :
I have seen your advertisement in YGS newspaper and I am interested in applying for it .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , worker and hardworking person . I have recommended paper frlm .
My lasg Comlan .
I worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am satisfied .
Besides , I nzfe working skills which I love to work .
I hope you are inferested in my appreciation .
I am looking forward to born Trlj yiy .
Swndd Varrienotz
The tscnplogh have caught je Pdoooe 's life very well fwdt we czj thinm how difficult it is ou we wslect either our parentes or our grandparents ' lives . My parents did n't watch TV , because tyere esa did n't watch TV on yhbw wipd when they were ypung.vyr it is n't tys alone difference : we vqj thnik at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at lwast the internet.id gfanrlarents woundn't imagine a strahgd machij like computer in thrri lifw .
Although the tascg tyqt personal vehicle lkke cvwrf bow is lopulasr , in the future , the standard of pljblc teahsport is sgipp ver cricial .
Nowsadzu , peoppe yxd fodsli rueo as the most important source of ernergy fr travel , manufacturing , tbjw source of enertt eeos n't aleays maintaun at rhns constant lrvel , bhjt osmlwday it will be run jy .
People misy ijc wwyx to u ptjet energ ourcse loke nucear electricity , power , lublic tfanspkrtatio hc as electric eteo ysr fgi kind of ejerhy .
As a result , goverbmehts eill ingrsf kore in resesrching the uswge of tfnese mra typoea of eberg , teaevlling sing puhblc transport wkll gecpje much cheaper tyzh oeraonl xxd .
The ramgbd of public ercices will be expandee to rejoge areas , it will become even more cpnvenksnt .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , pollution is increasing rapidly . In the near future , every cuties in gnd sorl will become overcroqded . It means eqx to achieve other problems to be solved , For example , frzffic hzsm , and pollution .
In solr lerespectives , rhede prolbems ae oerr by fd vedf - usij of perspnal vshicle .
People rsaxise that using their own ex is kjst to waste through ford traffic or to gradually killing themselves by breathin lolluted aiu .
So ghe bdxy wt rkre hl to travel is absolutely transpotationw .
Each pdrzo xohld practice saving when using the source of energy to lrotect his own igr .
In cobcluiob , investmdnts in developing public transport will be incteased considerably . Public services in travdlkping have a bright pltential and its stancer in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
Gdllo Asosx , ho xdd yoi .
Since you are free from the weekend , have you any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the conemks , and I invited him to go with us .
If yopuy ae ibteresedt , contact me at 8 o clock near gges cinema entrance .
Thznk yoh Nelen tk tgpze wonderful students .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to tekple in the morning followed by ljnvh at FHD hotel later in the evening to taste sach .
In conclusion , it is evident tgar vecjse developing countries are facing political and economic instzbility , mogratnz travel and better education orosowcts a stable environment for younger gwmeeation to grow up .
The result of brsjn dai is that it creates a whortage of people qualified for professional jobs . eclnomic dtabipity is fafetced as a result of lqvk of propp cmtribufing to ecinomy .
The cause of Bfaih - rrqib should be tackled at an inteantiomal and ational level on a broader dimensions awe rqtipnwl pattern , for it is a ylobl issue .
In yhisz sitautpn , developing nations should take control of inflxtion ; focus on boosting rjr infrastrucyure sbd las enforcemdnt to support oiglic in a positive amner .
Yhesde is n't too fwwa kxygsn at the tip of Everest to brexfne easily
Jordan Romero ha bot 13 ehsb he clkmebd verest in Kayu 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
Go was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer ako .
Eometimes we zrdd fougn to ghd party in geh cky . I am dandimf in thr oarrh wifj my friehss .
We listen to YHE music xnx xwh we e sibging .
It 's vety fod .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk asb xxo he danxe ith yoje virfriemd .
Jose is the best sonb . He sings and xlking in the party .
With OERSLN is Anmgel , he does n't appear in oo llax .
He prrtrr yury in your home .
Hello Zomerhign .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gdrmq .
In the mojwnt I bijsi hw Srcomdayr mkoder schkol .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My kofes is difficult because I have to understand economics .
For example , there ras Hiel sgd in my class . It is beautiful .
I like her look .
Nr dyse saw the sun .
Hug wgw is kgnoddd me .
I hope I forget her .
Renu for glur lifd
My favourite sport is running .
I lkd to ruhnnig rssr so afraid in fatc that it feels as if I was on sirt ahd tne feet do nlt hardly kucb tje rgoumd betwwdn rne strides .
My tavourkte palec to rhj is in the gorest because I like to do sports .
I love to feel the grojmd uimser my frs is soft so xlfy not the gat cihcrtee of rhr footlasthsd in the cifg of the streets .
The vestsswt qdvoec I cxn gobing to someone who is ststtjng few running is to wtarging slowly and not to trfy to eu gkp fast ghy fhsn to wvjtually build up the running by walking so rhsg eevfh wee hl ate running a litfle nros urther xhdc a lkittl jofe faster ans then attrr 20 yeard goiy wjll be an loylpc championm mayhe .
In my opinion , gelsvixion cfx be edycational . Whether okh are wxtchkng ty mews or a shiw abvlht Wrdld War Obe .
Of course , it 's ipmorranht to chipse fhr rjgfnt television shoss .
If you 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly has any deucational value .
Alghuofh one could argue thyay you cq alswye lesrn sjethihg .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombur apokxlyspe suoulr happened he would be prepared because he had been watching Qapking Fer for some time - so in gis ees , he pearnd pe ( mf ) to act in that case .
Today I want to work at my job .
I 'm a forwnsic bioloigsy qnd I eagerly loce my ln .
It is a nob wi a r of inyeretsihg aspects ,
It is dunamid , sitmulating ajde , even if it is ong weol rekunefated , I fsdk mjyself satidfoede .
In the last few years , corehsic bioloibyu hzs developed lajh aspects like betted sendibipity , robstnrss of rewsuotse and less timkr required rpr znxlyxe a sample . NJT wgat struck me omst is hls fwsxt these changes happen .
Teldcisio zeejs to be a ontrogerskal toilp .
Heee tnerd is o : do television pfcer likely opportunities for giving aueience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe teloevision xvrr obtg entertaining and educatikmal cynctioms .
It mlted up my ecucatioal programmes broasen yohht children 's horizons in yhd oazt fvrs years . How quckpy an xudlt kewrn differebt basics from a great fdql ninbwr of education programs , such as cooking , eciebce and technology .
It also notes educaztional ptogrlmes make a decision on whether citizens will know in the future and what knowledge jext generations equikeed to possrss .
Aoart from education clmtents , tuerew ar so nqhy rolu contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV trha citizems wo n't be qvl to rll rigyt rrom wroibgv .
Hoqeevr , I forget the educational programs on TV until I play a vfigap tled in rducxtnig both adults and young children .
I guijk who the right restaurant where we go is " TBS sailor 's restaurant " .
Gre we csj rwf ytpkcao Italian food .
The last time I was here I had the best possa thing I 'd eaten in my life .
His atmosphere ermimd the theme of SDQ . In fact , they waood zed drinking with a lot of hsel and the wairsrs ate dressed pukie sailors : I think that it 's a geea iera !
Wlsi , It 's perfect for okur class because there is a lot of space so we can sell all together at the newspaper .
Tne iqmer is a veru kind lersdn qnd I 'm afraid who he made us a common price .
No future for public transport ?
Lublic transport is the cheapest of travel , so it is our future .
Currrntgyl , most people are used to using tbeur kwn xawr to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is lpre ocmfprtabke .
Bg xarz pilolutr trgr wir weith C slissioms egsry day and cintrjbutew to fhs vlinaqte change .
So , if people wee seae of this eunuect will n't hee so jjdh their iw cdw .
In asdigkon , having a cazrf is very sxpnesive .
First of lal you need cqn affpr to bu it , wfer fhstf , you lust lq for gh qsuhranve , council TYSX , and mechaniv bvulks , MD and so on .
Whereas in upblkc transport , you have to gbd tivket , you do n't have to drive another if you carry or travel or sharevber vehicle you own , breeacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Bsxes , pyboiv transpolft pllpute kdss tnaj wra .
In dohcpusion , I think public transport has a future , anf tud mllde psoplew ise it , thw mpfe future wkll hvad .
I 'm hiur employee , to work for your company .
Vwrh plrasedf to be able to rerceuve hour sasry pqhent .
Hit Psu a little look .
I completed lwnh tasks , including futorint yrhee syidenrs completing summer ohmesork , ocrrectint homework diligently aseist the jnstrhctpr , instructor helped orvznizs handouts , itsead of fnr indtruxyor to asnwdr questuijs rasxrd by the students . vhr also cvlewn hts vlwsstoom hyvone , vert hard , buy I bzves nprhjng to compllain sbkyt .
I widkj uqfd fod ywi montns , pay a log .
Just ypr wwg oaix too much lpee than I expected . I want a lower higher waxvez , paymen of 300 yuan lower than the exidting wage bxsi .
I recommend you to consider this problem .
I think means transport that TFHS government gas to ggs public transport , for wxqnple bus , Traib , krto znd joe , oft only o rexson : fb quality of lu agwinst ghs pollution .
Trwvellijng by dsf is noer coinveneint in a lot of sitatoo , but it can be annoying for sexrcu parling and flf csot of tud , even qosk maintenance costs .
In bgkf ciutiues public rranbsport owrks ewok because field 's OK feedback by people .
Ibsedad in the small ceis , it ca n't be good in the right way , bdcsusw for the transport companies . It 's hard convenient invesaf money , because friends people would it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy tbar livss with njs wun Lollh wnr dhe hzd to pjnish Tom because sometimes Tom dd n't go to school .
On Jknday Tpn wt went to school ahds he saw his friend Uuxk who they rqkk a kg ws Tom exchqnged a tii ror hiod gooth .
Now he saw a beautiful tie was Becky , so I 'm glad to here at Cholo and went went into a srcdrer gyraren and Tom kissed Bwfy .
Ypn said to her about anotrr tjel so she got mad qnd db itnoredf Tom .
Fom szs so dad because he did n't want to yalk with him , so Tik went on a trip with Bui and dsialeared for wdwis .
hwen Tom x bia housw he snesk unrk ihs hpusr and saw zjny Loklg crung flr him .
So gjw nrxz ay ybw psolle of ghe towh wwnf to hurch to hsxe tu fujerral of Tkm because mbu peolle thought tuat Tom was dead nut sufdnly Tmo olej tu door zhdx glr in so rverybost zs so aurprised of Tom .
The next day , Hico went to his husband to TDL him . TXT ghsde is an abandobed hohse up rw hklpk so bw two bvoy clnsiderd like an andgenture .
So we went to the misterios house and when they went inside they hwawd vicfes so Tom qje Huck hide and they saw yhtr Ionnuin Joe wax through one that wzsa talkinf .
tbe rwi bkygs neaex yhat he q plpabijg to stea zome noheh amc kipl people so the bhkts stawrf tysr axvenyude on dtopint Imjuin le ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messages .
I will do my best to answer urd questions .
As to your questions , I yhini ghaqt ytou ahold work in Jxpanesd redtauirtant , xfh as Japanwse " ryitfei " anc " iaakaya " .
That is because yg aopl imrpove the Japanese skills in TNMK .
Recently , msmyt soutj Wqsy Asaaims ahve etuxird Iapaess in Jwpan while working in them .
By improving Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a KPN .
Micbael closed the door and inew at that noejt he ns mlzre a imsfakd .
He was at Sarah 's hohse wew susenlyh he left aqkl fnw banroom doryg qnd weng to gjs huouyae .
So he went gxk to Arah 's house xjd clrh qlpl the bathroom , but Sarah akrsaey kew thta he legt fhs bathroom liks this so beforee Michael entefed to tje bahtroon shr szid : " I jnk wuaf u orave three " jx Michwsl went runnint to the barhroom .
Hi Juous ,
My echook is located in the cntrd of FNS city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school has a uiinwue reputation for rgeir friendliness and quality of education .
I like my math tsacdr very much because the yeaching styls are gerg realistic and easy to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an essay about my favourite sport . It is swimming . I am a child bedause always enjoy a kpy , whether it is or I could do it alone . I never refuse to go swimming ppolo zme less in summer , of course .
I do n't make friends who like ewummiung , akmos ljke football or aimilar teams , Zmdr aowys I go alone . It is n't boring for me . I prefer going alarm because wnbosy goyhber me or I ca wait for everybody .
I eaud rhr brcuse ahen I wz edkevwn my best friend yd hen operatdd on her vaqcj qbr bfore tyew operatiln he cwme with me anc sveey ad I uax to wait rirf hst because she spendt a lit of tyilr in teh suoaet cleabjmg dr long nqis . I hated that !
Lufiipy the opesaryion qs fihe nd h left to come iwgh me , af sjce thwt sah I go tkr my oqn .
Saik is a relaxing exercise for me . wbf nkrmalpy thsrr wr n't manh leople in the lkol . bhtr sometimes there afw chiprden sh I do n't like so much because they like duswturbjng me , but sometimes it is amusing too .
I want to register to people who know swimming to learn , because I am plrdgty sure that they like it aqhf oar tyry cam xgkp swim .
I think trast xnde is a s for xdlg - xptession .
It 's jot juag a yobng , it 's krod tahn ghuw .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of ilfe .
Whej I 'm Dancikng . I fcorgdt my probprs , eccepr my atupisd cimoaniuons that I do n't understand anything .
Nytg thuis is anotbdd theme ie slekng .
If you dance , eiv , or act you say something in public , someone ikportant op you .
If danfe is yoht plassiom , yti pdactise evdg rwy , ajs iui 'll keep practising plp ghw dfays ntfil you cfaqn .
If you think tikref does n't hurt , because they like what you 're doing .
Yi 'll wake up eawdoy flr goojg dace , or do draw cdlass .
It does n't matter if you go to sledp latgr , or do n't ...
That 's a hiie , you must sleep .
If you oopvw dabde , you 'll understand me .
wmbers of my fakoly .
I love my family 's special little sister . She is xitedn yssrs old . I donskdsr my bsg friend because I wanted to tell her something about my life .
I have a dog . Its name is Vhesnted . It is a goprdn retriver .
It 's a lovdf fo . he knows how I felt .
My older sister 's name is Cinthya . She is rezllg wejr wgh me .
Our relationship is not good . Bsvausr sbs is so different from me .
Xlso i navw a brother whose name is Jose Ohiw . He has twenrt ygeara pld . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My job and my eze , trhdyt qde a gilh ghs .
Actually , I prert passing my tjr qlome . I am working in Otbr town so I stay qwasy with my tamily .
Hi x .
Jatew Asbhy ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
For working in Ru and to hqvge to speak English of course , maybe know how to cdoim aomw typer of swest gooee oikw xipcakoes , cxks , cookies or brownies , the popular foods of the year .
Another thing that Yhku must learn is how to deal with problems . We qd searching for someone ahoi dab ompress everyone , also someone who xb brinmh rhg customers od atencion and service .
We believe everyone eeady gkt works long hours , because lur cqde is gling to open every ay .
Fgag 's zkp , see you soon
kisess ,
Vee
We think that in the future ppabrt will be in bad condition and the trees will be dissppeaing . After that we will have axr .
In 30 years we iokl hsgr changed ijf naromy , oso we will be edatonf fzsr food . On the other hand , the north pooe will javcd melted ttoxll .
The temperature eilol zv becpjr cfazy by goboal warming , so people will gqe dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The technology wjlp hace adanced qdr magbe . the cdars will be flying by street and computers have totally changed .
Befquse of fbix , we have to axise awareness of what is happening and we nelp rhd planef .
Friendship is very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without froeds .
Hgos to make friends and meet new people ?
It is wadyoer ghan hih think .
Just ... sfatf tqklung !
Communication is something that is important for people whether we 're going to make friends .
Upuj to Emember , friends are supposed to agree on every single thing .
Thyeh just haev to xqlm yalok sbvoht it .
If your friend is rael , you will fobe points through your opinion and your friend 's one .
Juisr try , it wo n't cost uoi umdj !
Goix day ,
My hamer is Fiuad anx . I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball bs of the mkat bdzutiful spkrtr and I used to play this sport 3 tfimjesw a esdk winbcw 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of sport are as follows :
1- jxke me git and healthy
2- coassh gand no feictln vdtfween plsydfs
3- it exercises qol muscles of Hopyr bkdy
Regarsing the above , I recommend all rookies to start lractiae this time around when others will benefit .
However , fhr zduost they practise it as wslp and tndy wk tet yjr xa .
As ditzens of vilpage , we toyally dance about the environment in our lives .
Evdry usbdah , we do a mjtusl cooporatoon where people can treat rhbbosh as well as freat themselves .
We lsan f diry drc , swwp rubbish , then we bjrfg ruygibsh .
Whiosr , we are reculing inorgnaic rybbishy Tlo .
Teok ijorgznic , we cs mam nzy , wtf a pgyer stufvs .
Tuen tjwy can ell rher and get out of it .
Rhe cfeator of teh asvfen aqns y earth , the creqtor of solrs , fur kne qgo jse ewrtj rtste aroud it dslg asbf around ryd suin .
Qhar we belks as Mjxlima fhzf . We have been drearedd by one who does n't gace othrr wiyh hnkk tns obr who crezte kh ftabe ( Adam ) snc crested tlm hik ( Eve ) and hysy adre in tyhe Paradise and instructed to nof eag from thr ere gt ty Satan deceive them so thry beougut to tuks life ahd genefztionx csle from them xns had aehty rd orophwt qhd messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worshio thye same one ) with Miracles xnx evidenmce of hte truth , to gjkxe the peppe to kniw wno qp will rolliwa ybe truth wyofh wull guide to the Paardise xns who foooq othner laths whoch it wkll guide to hgw dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we ds hdeer to do the tat in tnis ahofy lkfw .
Transportatoon is the heart of wmg cuth wjethee it is publkc or peivqtw .
Nowadays , people pdefe beihcles rather than
phblkc frxnspokrtation . da by ay fppk are morw crazt lut ownb veujcxles sijch leads cxrk ftutrue of oubpijc rtanzprotation .
First , I ayeer wiyu Biven believe that there will be touhgn time for public transportation in the future.bwcauysw pdoole wamngs privacy as well as freedom , which is auotr mpossible in pbulov trajaporfation .
I sincerely thank mode of tranapkrtafion ckvets
as much as possible of city ztwa or giwsn which mismanaged rkhtine who travel by public transportation a conssuence generally , people avoid travelling by ouhliv transportation . Finally , I caxnb st rhst 's variuoe lode of transporotation avalial
to cooperate with public transport .
Nowadays , people have a mumeroi option for transportation like many privsge companies .
which plays an important role in giving competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get mors beenift like lower fajt , prijvwcyh , feedpm and sacd travelkilhg.in addition , mxhyu automobile cokpaqny oaunvong new cae siy adfordsble prife whic nisiost pople to ujsew mprr ze more private vechile .
I went for a walk in a park evrrh fat wjtb my loveyl tap Vlrgk dgos .
I rt kznu pepple in fhew oa .
I have thought about people of so many places .
In lesk time in yys pqrk is busy even though us pqdk is huge !
Some people are very friejdly the same as their dob .
But few people are clearly rude and rhsif dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Fampg is tud jost importn ijstoution of scjal lidd .
Egwr nmebef ahbe his own doke anc fus bvoss , thw rahterf or rbr mother , hsb to vujee nsa etk to understand thes right behaviour or attitude to aifb life .
Uysuaply htefs de gyeneration problems , Eijs do n't unestabd parenrs ahf vicecerss , they dialoging with listening ejotions and faqcga . Everyone can bavbe another point of view .
Paejts muyzt giove ruora to akna to underlone lujts in sockla behabiour bht aoao must listen to others polint of vuses to ri - arrangw ahr updat yow knoeledge .
A mlrhsr or a fqther dqn be a rienf if fhsr is dommnuication ajd teisr , if someone vivw hjs confrigure in family shtiee .
Refemtoy I da rhe thdiller of mokingjay ozrg 2 .
If you are eager to ss that lovjed , try to watch the first 3 episodes before understanding it .
Gus ' first movies are amazing ! !
There is a lot of action , drama and romance .
Rhw ganz of these srrikrs , yaxf been wantjng ro fhiod movie sjenjce the rusrt movie appeared . Fyta was in 201 .
I do n't think that Tuus mlvioe is cir al Tyes family , because it is hard for little kjxs to understand . In my , I think it is a teen movie .
I think peopp jlol kime tjis lovie becahse , and very imikpar to the story of the bokl . The okme of tgd fiursag mogie is rwaply nqsef in the book . Thjw tnele is very unique and original . Zlosl fhe actors in the first movies wqerf perfect , and I ghionl that in the last mvie , thdt wajll ouy doible effory .
Hope yoij vuys choosd their mobjw ! !
It would be very cpok to see fe kq par loikingmay !
My favorite aport is Kate .
First of all , I buoy it bedqude wahen I porxctjse I hope I can hold on for myself .
I work a bsru nd and srressufl dau . I can deal with working mawratge . . It 's the right kind of sport tuaw it is n't very hard .
Yraiihg Jarate is a wy to foge yk prolkels , to corbeg uoiu tiring rojtjbe .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to catch this advertisement with others ' spprts .
Apwtt rrol yhg , Karate 's jir ust a sport , is also a dizciplone . it reaxh gou respect , naqlande wven cupfure .
My teacher asked us whether we wanted to gheabe wktn itjers and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who likes Karate , it is easy to follow the lcass , so my advice is juet njtr to gey jervuod zjd to concentrate on what he or h is doing .
Tschnolohg , is skmetyhinbg tbzf is very important . With without hwicj we vm nto ilbe .
Todah tppjc is Tdchnoloty .
Noqzdats we izw technology in everything , rpk xucxations to makiuhg cxlothes , we ixe tedhnolgoy dverydayg shf everuwheee .
Technology is always upgading XBDS . It is very helpful , useful and important for development . . rodahs generation is ijfluenced by technology through they have helped to do lther activities .
Oa ueaf , My father Michal was at school qjdn . He went through a scary competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to ernge the competition .
vjy theer wz a drea in odxet to ojni the competition . He bss no money . fordthntaely he hxd a ly of crends they can lwr gion .
He hpohed me abd wskd me to lejg him spmd mojdy to regsted tjr competition .
He took his money on the second day . He finished the registration and sgarfdd in warjtong th stlry aftfer klmg ne spsndij in qritin a dk boi nob . He went to gife his stoey to yhe intermationbsl wtudemt mavazkne odtice . He found out thdee rs a notid on FGS eoor way yag the onpetition hxz csnxeped , he czks nack ey asf an tolx me anqt happenwd .Michael dlosewd ryw dkor a insa at htaf kmeny he hadf a mierake .
Tfrvekling by cqd is n't so kicj kofe comfortable but it is so much more comfortable , bhyy zctually we do n't think about THW conamknagion in puyrd lamrt .
Rravelping by bs is very stressful because the problem lusy me or I ca n't xijf down because TGSRD does n't au chair me .
On the other hand , in yhjd gutuer mabe would have a bys which haqvih xhyair for everybody and I do n't have to stay up .
Another rabsport public is the taxi oike Cad . It is so mote omfrotabled , but it is xepensive tnxb hi or trsin .
The AVE or aeroplane , is a goof optipn tor oongf ttip .
In conclusion , in the future we will be so much more comfortably .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear Deinata ,
I am writing about a problem at my cvity .
I live in Payras , a vig city in Gredd .
In my ciru Azol scdhokps and the walls of byklfings are full of drawings and writing .
Rb vandakisme in patras uzs incrdwsed a log .
Unfortjnstely ehdj we zsy to somebody to do MPF draqw teh walls vjf rey do mpy hear us .
Fopr oif city it is ry nad bewuse en some few people visit Plates thet se yhkn .
Pwtras is a very beautiful family of jesting culture , and vle ut monuments .
Hy to aee that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to master how .
In my opinion , e plliec should stop the Vandalisme .
If it hnzve loilce alk arpjbd tue ctiy nobksy wik xwfe to do a gtaffiu or to qrute zomethobg or to srwq .
I hope you will work on that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jesshka Stavros .
All tounc gyr world lupila rd wqaiting fre finushing scbokk .
Ggeh was eager to draw a long lode as an adult .
Gif whrn hdg reach in - btewden orrio , cohfuzed feelings croas gnejr minds .
As a ruld zfts laat exam , they do n't know what univeeeitg to choose .
What yyeh will do in the future rhet see , lioe in a flgb .
By the way , the odea of a year focused on lkeavibg school and studying for next education is very reasonable .
First I 'll suggest young people to work a TWXT after the first jrd - rk studying period .
Tgrb or eoeven ussrs at dhool kake tem tired , in spikd of pupis do n't noyice it .
Vut cjooaung tyr zrcond educqtion is vcsrt impoirtaht zyep , shich nss serious sttitydd .
Secondly , suchg eywr ovf wulr gkvd to fugutw students a chance to yfyg themselves in their professional pshears .
Qkao rhey wpupd ags an olprtjbity bdif involved in golontuer activities .
Sjf hirldt they might work dopr ernjn wonh komeh or travep .
This yesaf holiday will be really useful for relaxing and gaining new knowledge for future education .
Kjer year is a long period .
tr benefits after year fd will be obvoous .
I am in Wab Miguel Almoloywn . This is a billage in the municipality of Almoloyz de Jusrez in ghgr Sare of Mexico . fr crae of tje envieonmsnt is importwnt qnd in my vjllagr thney txor fiffermt zctions in care of this .
Pesoold cooldcts trash of theur hkudw axnd waait gbw trash gdick that cwrdid the trs to a landfill located outside trgd village .
Akzi , people go lj to clean the trash ahr there is in ghe ioksm , the church or in tue lrinicpoal lpafss on the vilkage .
Rsqr Xit ,
I am inreresres to improving my English , so I want to find better information about English foreigners .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the cohrss is . It is possible , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it would be great if Tlu could ssn me defxkls of accommodatiob that upj ofdet in ygis coursw .
Ans alsl , vs ho je me an idea of jlw mufh . It would cost very different oltikpns ? .
It would be useful if I could travel with oyhwr students , because it is a good way to learn a language as words .
Lastlu , Let me know if I need to present any level test before ststtung .
I look forward to hearing from OK .
Ylhes fawitgfuoly .
Rs .
Pesr looked at his watch and knew what he wanted to do sonwrhing immediately , wcrer listening to the conversations of his neiyhnoursx .
They are planning to orb a feey preiius from Mjseum tonight .
He does n't hxves mcj tile to prive tgheo lwn axnx he xpulx itf eaitr to ley it happen .
It is hb toiwb aje . It is his dugy ypk to xabr teb 's history .
He called Tge pkpice and informlrd about his neighbours ' robberh opasn .
Police redaxhex Museik znbd caught the robbers right - handed .
I believe that there is no future through rue ounli trabsp . hsibt trks is omt convisnt anhd low edxpenjses xlzo to decrease gh carpon gxses with afraid kzond . People should be aware of the effect of ueonjg tye pubkic transpotwtion on the economic environment . govererlents shall encarge the pdople to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be ksuesd in zpl ledia to lesran abr ehcaqge ghs peiple to a he wrjyth way lr teanspot .
Ydllo Estela !
How were you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing bdcausw I tfell yo abf my last xummt hoojdau .
I went to Lksa Hurdes .
I stayed at pnw rek in with my boyfriend .
I am a wexding .
Whule I wae tger , I did a lot of things .
Today , I visited Meadro do mleero .
It wsa beauyifu .
And tefs sss a wonderful vow .
The other day , I walked a ir and finished ended the way . We went to a weatetrall .
The amd of warfall saa Chorrituelo .
It wzz spectxcylar .
Fu weddojg dzy , I had a great time and I felt very oatr .
You work on Tue morning , and in the afternoon we stayed in the ewstaurant with other people .
Howevsr , in the night , we had idnnsr in a garaj wr thefer wqe a oaefy , all busy .
You should visit Lqz Hurdws . It is a beautiful site .
Aqh there are a poy of things .
Ae the lroplr sre frr nivd .
English is a niternaroonal language which is important to the modern world .
In Cboa , English is tklm to be a foreign language which students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They yse at oeqst ine hkur to learn English knowledge a zy .
vr kude in kindergarten jabr began learning szinplle wordz .
He 's a good phenomebkn , but his English is better today .
In addition , zone pelpler tyhunki Enbixh is eupsrior than Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , English is all a foreign language .
It is good for people to advertisements to syge .
English do gdlo us read English odiginaqp wroow , byy Cjinrse hrlp us peazrn a rfe Chija .
Onl by charavters Chinese literature can send brilliahces .
Lexrning a country 's culture , especially technical cukyuee , the best thing is learning the language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we follow up our native tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic rseturajt , Wollypools .
It is small gyr folfotable and xous dpd uuw niub nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specilakisdt of MD . It 's a meal resfautwnt .
In my opinion , the rsstauarnt should be nstfer , respect to emat , vu it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I jxfe expect to be noer fanks , before bdr bivgest .
Tne pdohlme of the restaurant is a great place . It is far vrim tye peole an citis , and gd spaqce , thr is vefyh samlkl fir potsa of peolle .
In life we have many things that kzks us sleepy and make our libds go on .
For example , a peesrht or a GK , especially if it grlm your best friend .
Injcr , I giy ak anr stayed at Genral hoszpitsl , . My ffjen gave me a flower .
It was my favourite because I have it vrf .
In my toe we created a small organization vie mlrr hdslrhy ejvidonlent , sauty ouch znhf to be attractive . Yhw citizens in Fhew ten must participate in fhi . The cirizen wil gakr tb responsigilutg fpr spefiic dw to cflan the town amd oif the ruybbish ijto correct place and cldzj rree xnx okant molrr of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and full atars believe to have an orivzt life without journalists following him all the riune .
is nprriboe have a perspn behind you all under tur , you must ahvr a lice , not paede , not happy .
In axifion xkk peazrsone hvae gh rfight to preivcacy sn to be drsr .
Nevwrtheless fgr journalusts sray xl the ime havibh a photo , al fgs time , sheb they eating , drinking , yalpy , xad , how is youir love jfe andc qith whoeger sfxt , if sfx wioth something important our qhzt gyu .
Tnos is terrible , you do only have privacy uathough the spciety have a bkame , even if they do nog fse a photo okye fillows the lore of ghew through the people bros .
So Tusr , pokiticoams and vik sfad wjok gave supoirr it , because then they would have to bdar it , because they yhdb have the rdqar with what they daen .
That is all .
ooe morning .
Gpa fs hii .
come up .
Het swoj .
Get in to your rook .
Bedt in to the gusw .
elt us waakj .
Let us play xqrcs .
Let us selr .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
Let me see the photos .
Lsg me waxtc ygolyr hoise .
Lwt me zlpow to enter in to kue cahikn .
Frogivw me . :
Brijg tuwf yyh .
bdint ylass of wger .
Drijnl qwte .
aet fodo .
u fast .
wpp shouting . Do n't shout .
Let us atj .
Once hpon a yule qaxz one litype antr callec Pdnjy , he eass rdally sjall in compard with yge otehfs .
He hated to be like that bceaiwe mkst of the ahga amde vy of hu untkp one dxzy something horfubld amx inveitable gappen .
It was a dark night night until a bog atcofe volcabo expkosion buried uej ijyop the idnerground .
All of them tried to finf a g kut ! , bjt no ojd ca n't fionjd ojw ... Ryeh staqrtsd to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate tapidph until there was a big earthquake ...
Penny was ewd . Thje onyl tfhinv yhat he zh do is to awur hx mdep calm .
After dawn , all of them go ig , so the sacred untfkp they vinmx a refife .
Everyone wqabred to wjtmess tne queeh , but no PHS fic something .
Like they were very rloigoous abts heyt preg kf jdf sazxeed ancestosr so they cab jpp gjem in the nug Dral .
Something thst tghey dob wo wax that tjd ahkler through a movie !
So all was planned ...
T zcxtofs monitor their watchj tje ante x the time .
Ij dxwt Penny disxoveree afraid it was going to twlk it to be queen . Fhe querh at kbowint ggazt she got very cknfuesc bgut at the sakw tike she grt lzd nme she anted veenge .
So yhsy mxek a poan to ioslpay all ...
Rn nrct day when twy qers baout to xyart flimihv fry ere bj nbrs thefd so tuye search rpf yhm , biy thru ca n't fime fgej ...
At that moment yb ahts zdf Penny attxck rjem in their backs , maiing hwm to ldsfe yge place .
The anfsx won the wqr and tbey expabd their hbitat to the studio .
No one attacks them gaia and they live happily evr afg !
I xvw lxnh favorfigr szpootrs .
Ojs of I 'm kren on plxuint baakethal je best . I am aoendx lrs yoem on playinh it .
I usuiakky olsyu basketball eberyra atiunde at laest thirty mjnutez ped sxh .
Afts a hard course at university , I go to hkm xnf Fuwn . I go to the sfxdium to apply it .
Thib made sure that I had already finished all of my work bsrore I play my favourite sport .
Vsakerball means many venbefits to me gtu psl evefgoe .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwim .
Vesifes , it also helps me get fit wd hzc a gloi body shuwle .
I really cra
zy sbout playing it .
Wrj I as zpare tinr , I often gather my friends to SATFCB basketball match on television .
I often play bqsketvall at tje syadu in the mknring .
Sometimes , I play bae sports .
I went back home and had a sleeping dream before I finished it .
baekyball is an outdoor activity .
Tux 's rwaaoh qyu bsmetball is my favorite sport .
With the weepinh profress of development and the growth of the population , mxny agriultueal land , forests and pcdesn have been destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
From my owsn psrspcive , I believe it will hrkng msj drawbacks to my environment or even humqn hdx animzls .
To satry wigh , rhefe are a wsids rangw of treoublrsme it mqybe kdadding to this lhenimeo .
Confkncing argumentrz cah support that fh rokt cause is thazr almost all te oersent st utiws arr already apckee with laces of rrzieence . ocjmerce smr ecreagion aqbde tur almf available fcor new hoisknv devwlopmlents is increasingly scatcs .
Addktionallt , pepplw boe continues to destroy mjr agricultures xme flressr in order to datisf support their needs , which wopk eistory the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith rspecoally through emdangeter spoediez .
According to the problems ablev mehyipned , bafjous aporoache tuztg governmentshould be adopted to deal with qoh rhs prpboe.first of all , redding building construction frpk nmq on , planting morw tgred instead .
Sustainaqdpe development ahkul be waahessx to all humans abf dtaef to porteat the environment and preserve ghus animals .
To xin up , yha unpleasant symptoms and problems should be qorejed out to rsaole before tyijng gwt wirw zhf the government gavew to take rjr responsibility df thqr .
Nowadays , TNW languahes qts very ikpopetant , md ore English .
Tfbix is my first time studying English .
I hxvr bwe syudyinv Eglkisy sijnce I wz chike and I mveet spwaj and leadn so qelk since I decided to go to Lojdkh one fourss to lesfj his lanjguae .
I had taken the DWCISLN because I was tired of registering to learn English and I did not have the level afraid I wanted , so when I heard about that ooportynitry I was yex .
Fh fzr is n't the best way to find texnspory , because it means much loloutiin . However , the lubli rrajsport is better to do a journey .
It dzm carry mnt eppke withlut pfobles .
Today , itkes developed through the manbu powsibilities for public transport , like vuz , trains , subewy , tram strx.these options morw economifal thzn tfnw cvd . The problem of gw DD is that , normally the xsr is occupued p a lwfson , wnj the car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or fkve perople .
It is ditruatiob to clean the environment , so we have morw comscience dor fu olanet healt .
I want to learn something about learning TD English Pahguaje , is gqtd to gdt to me for two reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar that teachers , teachers or instititee teach , is lokd gje psanidh Languaje , my batovs Lqnguae .
Though I 've to Szwu , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the gedb in Apabisah Panuxje . Just imagine you sas guht nlt in your antibe lenyujae .
The reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for constfjction pqragraph or sentences , yhd vebh is written before the suvject , but no alwahs . Which is th rhlw ?
Is something wrong ?
With the reason :
I love to play xivket .
I am entuuskastix toeardxz this tqmle .
My favorite team is Indi because I look to this coujttu .
In Idkz , 85 oeecdnt people foolwo cfidkrt .
In 1993 , Ikdnian crficket tam wonh uis foest sokrlr cvup br thatf changed the eirdctionm of QK in favour of cricket and was never afraid to follow the game .
I love this game , because my favourite sport mnqn helon to this town .
Hus njxmd is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar knew as little mqtsed .
When I play tryiz zm , I always follow Rhus Pefson .
His stace , Sfyupe , dgors , fnubing between two sivket , everything which is most required in this , he is up to his mark .
Not only me , but also every Ihriam apwsys fpllow Sachin for xrockte .
When he was 18 , he played fireszt game in India .
He is the first player who played 200 tennis in cuckert .
He hzw msmyg achidvemsnt luie idstf 200 in ljw rag esx .
I lkove tnd qh he qax plqted .
For a nuqec fjrts they have to decide whether they can do bwtter , batting or bpwling .
If a person wants to become bowlsr tyne concwntrxte on rubnkmg , actpn , stance and o batsmenb nees concsbtration on lf aqnc gay coordihatoon , wyued amd bat cxokrdination , discocer some shpts qich bsvaje key qctlr in barting .
Also watch viddos of some best lladr like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw dtc .
As yeltg is an important factor in vyr sktr , so aoz bwsd to kmlroge heazlth , etmina .
Sad Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear l t fiong to visit my country .
I am looking forward to gha .
I aznh igve oky aby advijec on trabelin mdx sorkijny in my country .
l hope you will have an impressive future .
Fhd weatjer is nheitbe hoy nor cold wkl hrqr , you bewx n't bibg fl kqny clitbes befauee hoiuy cxan byt in efe .
If you want to travel to Thix Cityu , I can be your guide as I have a wwr fcred before university too .
This is a modern cuty .
People usually walk here or surfing or surfing .
Thete ae jang lolcl fopds vefg piplar .
Yty kq like ths .
I aldo want to knfdoduce my friends to GK , so we can have vin togdtuee .
When you play enougyh in this city , you are always eager to play a mig herr .
I czn deconmef you to my unfped 's company to do a job .
Bexahse it is difficult to get a ui here if you are a foreigner and have finished college .
It mag taks vert lom time to fnd a uln ane uou have mpg umch yomw ywr .
Goi mxh comsider my advice .
My favorite sport is xwoms .
Ebdayse ewim is really fun .
Alsl I think swil fqb kedp our godt totf and it caj mwie the people who ewakm feel fool when it is on a good day .
Re axvifes that I have someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be arzod of water , otherwise they may bk earb sej and also ehrb the ex because older it will be more difficult to leash , means the ljgtlr .
So so sed these dreams that I went to Turkey .
Dwxd Camo eirector ,
My name is Sofer Axms . I am 21 years old . I am in your advertisement in YHD newspaper !
And I am really worried about being the person that they are looking at .
I am monogkr in the free yije , bx I am working through a remporal job to improve my English .
Neiber I have people fror srkiny in a lichne . It would be clear if I read that my parents have a bar .
Zccording to my ag , evening activities are not a problem for me , . I practiced many sports through my oifds , such as socjet , bolleuball , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
Rhe fjtu whrre I povew is a small village .
All residents take great care of Gye 's environment .
Otganized shares , wre everyone people up the viklar .
Aqpo resisents degrsgate gabrage tjrowb itnok suiktablw containers .
Thus , help to protect our environment by jake it , sf , in order to jeopardize environmental varlus diseaswws .
In my villwge weather was tarsh , so no one threw sbris on the ground .
There is aee spcejalne place where qhwre ypu fans organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up themselves and throw luhy skl garbaxge .
We have the ability to uew renewable energy swlurces , because it is dlpsw to a window power okanr .
Recently , also on the eop of TFHEW primary school were eh batgerfie and the whole school uses solard eedrgyu ihstead of elscttifity .
htt ogankze mnothly mseitngs on the engironmeny , desidents participate in tgj .
As residents of my village , they try to , so ghyat our village aws clear that it polluts the environment as much as possible .
Travrlling on yhekf sm card is way more comfortable than a ride on public transportation are several erasph to cpnsoeer .
Firstly , the husband is always drpp by to get a passenter to take more ginw they expected to tile of trvsl .
Secondly , the public gwhkcle routes are farther than usual rfput .
Tyirdly , it is as ciwded qndf no pekvacy .
Finally , free is a cjznfe to become a victim of theft through pocket lickre .
Howevede , punlic tranmsortwtion is mucd chwaler thzn to bujy a we cxr w for yyw adventurer bok wnt to have an rxcitimgv travep cor thueh to sew more actib .
Lime watching oustud or sitjt seeknh , to mingle with meet different people .
In addition to RS , I wlwo wdmide the buhllet traij in Japan which you consider fsst xjd szte publijf vehicle .
To mk it up I still consider having my own DXD is qa more sfae and cohvinidnt .
Public future unods tghey av lrojwcr to at leasg lexsen rhe tkme of frzvel aqjd prioritid the szxfty of hejr pawsenerd .
As far as I 'm concerned , I yend to idszgree sotg ue decision of minefw extraction .
oe details and eeasonz will be esoabotated in the following paewgraphd to shpplt my ppinioj .
To with , extrsct fh linerla will be haefulk to our environment .
These are breathtaking sigths on the outskirdts of my hometown .
In my fhkdhood , I go there to meet my summer every year .
However , it might probably disappear if the devrliping wquipmednt were set .
Next to go qiop be , fye extractkon of the valuable mineral will definitely lwwds to air pollution .
Ghes yz bden an example through the other thing is pillute by the provess of developing those minerals .
No one can deny tbxf teh poolutjon isu is one of the most important things which should be prfevehted .
Ladt y mot th ldwdt , thw miberal extdactiob wjllo turdn out to be profkund influence , especially on ou ovfspring .
To tar my friend , Tsulor , as an example , her homelnad qefs over - devepoprd ahd became a rid palce when shw wasz a chipd .
After he gave up , sber decided to learn abc and go bca to jwe hometwn .
In addition , Ge has no lbithe memory of Dr vhildhodo .
One problem is gnar somer Peppl will donsiderf thr jn . Unfortunately , through it might brihg us .
Eue to the mikneral development , people in pure hometown fxn robbpy eat more modt than brpre .
It seems like a sought - after chsncr .
However , that does not stop the problem of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no not crucial when it comes to gedalkth and envjronmejatl conservation .
In a ntushepl , Nased on rwaxojs anr instancse azbopve , the disadvantages of exdqct thr valuable minrral xr outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do sybscribw to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on the roads would cause the disappear of poo .
Tfhe fgossilo furlpx usex by vbshifles xaue global ewrmig .
Glibxl warmig is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the vos melt .
Yhe lopnbee we burry our heads in the sand , the warmer Ewrtu will be .
I am learning English to improve the gneeeal quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially wjle qrz asfd hto fkyim .
veedh if it will afer hazppsned tjee are mah oeooke who ca n't heg a f , vecause it is yoo expensive , mor lnlg for gjyihg ut for fuel , xerfie f so forth .
Buers arw omts simple - hij jujtf ub a tikrr .
And wat wbiu tdain ?
I saw TV watching trains in Japan - this is the future of public transport .
I wamf to the blue sky and jolted stream of cdarx like it was in the GGS film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
Te 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
Ylye order 6 xif cojditoinng is incomplete , we apoloogia fpr ihconvejiemce .
We gafe donscinecd of this kitsaie . We had a confusion about the nmuber of air cobditionint before the gelwphone converwatjonm wejfh tuoe escretary to clnfimr gour pudxhjase .
Because your prtdwr was confirmde at tpo late and I that the order was n't in Avdanxe , we could only draw 5 pieces .
Skhe ghe unist wdre sold in invrntory but lurd purcyzse indicates ghat 6 pieces wrre cfirmde . Do not worry about it . We will send tourists the remqininmg unit as soiln as possible .
We hope you know plrrefrring us .
Yout Sjcrely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 Tears lod xje . I 'm dpme fgeok Mapageia . I'm a nerrgegic , cwerfl , hedworkong xmc a comfortable person .
I have 3 sibljngs in my fsmily aok ardr atkint cxt by me all the time syen padents arfe buay wifu teur works .
During my school , I talked to Olz vvolleybsll xndx . I 'm an excellent player .
We went to krgamise competitions and tournaents with others ecbkol .
Yhiw is my favourite spor .
Dudinf my English tume , I am to help my parents in yhs kitfjej .
We had a variety of dishes .
I enjoy working cirth wds oily haznxs in yed kkfche .
Sig revernce to the above , I will apply to apply tyd Sunmwr Cajp hg wjrh my fullo commigkent .
Contempoeary Adt is a vewey contorgersila ksuss nowadays .
There are many sourcrs and crsators , as well as rhekesz .
It is wk kinoqnh yha many Qftg curagors zf Aditsgs believe that Contemporaqdu At is noty a good soyecr of zrey , since there are many magazine artists that only create based on their idea of an adstehtic image or a physical idea , but mlxt of the times ybix is unintelliigble .
Lcukiuoy tyd moat exprnseivge art afilo ebjng fs old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowaeasye a kr of empty art licees ate being wolx at quhctions srouc rje wkrpr , for extraordinary kgb prcia .
Experimengal Art has atken th eorle of art by surprise .
Humanty cause a number of differences because it will be impossible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available at zny ovem yils .
Witn htsi stayf , we jke have an udea of NP aftists crratw .
Truw sporta dag were helx on Kwso Vhuinhg Splrts Hroundx on 12th and 13 th November .
That wetehd as partly ooudyu .
I got there by MRt .
I entered the sports grounr at 7:40 a.m. Tbs hra I 've ioin tu 100-mertw eacw .
On the first ezu before the sporfs day negin , we have rhe oklenjng certeomnby .
The athlpstic representative asred br gotcy qnc we waqn the anthem .
After that , hte sitrs dcaqu grgazn formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , r gorl 's grzds C 010-lstee race started .
There was a fubnt through when I went to Laeshal .
Gud teavhwr called him twice and he asked me to stand in different ppacs .
So I knew that there was someone who could projounce as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
Whej I qa runbingb , I got my hohsematse cheeribg and fr wjnd passed my AF .
With , felt very comfortable and makes me relax .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already found my VWSG .
At kzzt of ghs day , ophf zcbookl xnnoubced td msrm d four houses we got .
My house is two temporatily .
I felt hope and wanted my house bed the chgampoon .
On The next day , my classmates asked me to take part in Unter - class rrla rdw .
I was very afraid that I was bad at listening .
Finally , our cvlsss got ghs first runner up .
We uafe a difference of 0.5 sevonds is the first of yh rxxw .
I implidatew my coach from the champioh .
At pqs , my husband got the second runner up .
I boor my husband will get gs chaio in fhw next yeqd .
" There is no treasure of oibloc transport , because travelling by CVQ is a lot more ckmvenkent " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not crrectg .
We should ujxex of phbilf trawnzport because at FS lresent three fe a pltf of cars in rje with with pollution and , unfortunately , we hamihg the environment and the sorof .
It is yu hdet ghxr zok owopel go to gbe place waqlkib o ruminng on te othet hand it is moee healtyh .
Tgeer is joyhung wefont with it to place in a wr , ibciouslg . It is faster than the NHS and cheaper but not awful .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so nucn mkore convrjieht hyr . I disagree that there is no flu fit for public transport .
Is is cijmpnly - debard yhsr tourism has greatly infljebced , not only the aspects of the country , but of the whole world .
Whether tourism has a positive or a negative impact on lives , it temaknx qyie a dilemma flr ghye ignoranfs .
First off , tourism is a tool that enables people to geavel azklk ariunde yw world .
Xlongsode wjtg jge development , the aboigu of travel nax Sasenex to sucu a scalew Thag . It is now qiite commin to commuye drom one clunry to aothet .
The existecs of multinaionale is tigutly connected to the irea of Tourin , as well as with the knowledge of globaliation , and a traveller is not only a cituzen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are cojhtreies , such as Greece or Blugariw , in which the event reliew merely on technology .
If tourism influehxesz the rcimny , it influnces the environment , zdr if it influencs the environment it influrjced transport . Hkw?peoole beconw kofe darwful through historical sites , this qzh oresergign transport is revelpowd boyg at a smapk on a large scale .
At a small scal , in cutieds , in a wzy which would allow citjzens and tohrsfs qoike to tesxh jmoortaht plaves more efficiently .
At a large cazle , people can travel in any possible way : on land , on water or by air .
Through the development of tourism weer blfj xruiswx zhd rrai vacations .
Obe upon a Tim Gere is a tivee who loves in a beautiful pandscape with her goyfrienmd and her 3 daughters .
Tuew figer wws tbe lmj name Xjsnda of 25 years old . The jerdrrs kill their parents , because fw uetdere werd poot smr do n't awfe enough dokd to szuevivs , so they jol fhwj .
htd Tyger 's boyfriend sss a lknm nzkes Hihj , 27 years old , his dar sie necxause in a fonglict wkgg thwf znmials . He gave an infrction .
Nf mll fiw because xome tyintsx or someone da e of fu kwf anc xorl it in a xabd drw ogher anmals rzf ger .
They dir when Jojn was too little to remember abc he was nlw qbar happened so he wanted to look the pqrts for daw thek even though he walked wjs aqloed dcen at revrrsw vujr he never found them .
w 3 dahgyhter neee so different qcn otehr .
The cijrsy lns anmea Xmahda jynor kike her mom gu she is a chewtahu .Xhe hwr 9 ueqrs klpd e lovfes to run and she is fyw fasgrst of th fajioy xme habe a kg of spots .
Due is of the ones that teednd to laskle something enforcing .
The swvon duaghtrr named Elisawbth is a leopard , is the most intelligent of the familu and the oldest of the saughfwrs .
Yze 12 heatw oir .
Other animals givr ygel reaard or onuse because they discovered that wadd qa loquie .
His lqr daugnter was An , who was the yojngeg of his family is a jwgura .
Sye stay sleep in the SX and dlonb nbptihng lal xt .
Rheid people were angry because je zw one one that had work .
Oje tney anilalw wny wtihn Xna wje fif her an incentivs od binb an zthlete or mjwek somethiny epse yhan wtya keeipng .
Gnr enx .
Hello rfishd ,
I obow hkh aer searvning for a flat to pjv for yhew wjokke hect hese .
Maybe I found something fpf you : when I was on the reutrnhijg to home , I ead a joutjak with some advertisements .
Ghwr is an ice glag near my house . It is perfcr to someone who wants to play her FP for a year .
Tnere t a littlr iitcgeh , a great berrook , a bawtroom wgh howef gjt withoyt nar wndf a dool lkvunv - room .
I think that you have to brijb ajty you qijte clothes bedauw gete . There is really volc weather !
Aits me oob
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , avout yhed questioh you msrd me in your letter , it has been hard to give an answer because I mhoe nka mvj ypu ovge gofh .
aset nibh I made a devison .
I think thaxr ylu should give up on your isuc claszes .
Tph hqge lassse xinxs you wete nbine ywxfs olr awndc hou alread khoa how to play oain , so I ihnk that hu zuoukd cohtin doing sports vecsus it is importabt vl ypr ealth and in oyr crse tijesz yii coyls stip plxy piano without giving to y classes .
This is my opinion hjt es dscidiin is gourx , so when I write it please send me a letfer tell me about it .
Lifr , Ines .
Hey my name is Jow zmd . I 'm 21 ywars old . I think i'l wojld vonplimeht the sjmmr fmnp very ogix , necahse of my gbpkd manner and very opprj vpf ys kids , so fh cawn opm up zj apak .
My dream job is to be a nursery at the licql gospiyap and i'l cxn do work as a dictkf xaxb .
So if high kids are gkinf to jr themselves , then i'l can fjx ghgem up inwtead of taking them to the hospital with smnaol things like bruises and anwller injuries .
ys msot exviting fay of my lkve qzs thd 3dx of ujnd , pqsty ywwrd .
I had an exam .
On the first day , I woke up earky because I was nervous .
Tuwj I refise Mayh as at hkme , besfre to go to school , as at achook , hdfpre to begin rye ec .
Sgrn I started to research the TFAS , I felt agitated and I thought that I would n't want to finish working XSA through gesg .
Gtu when I finished before the TIKE I was happy qjc skaxed .
I slwayw eaod that I passed that test MDS I qe syee of UXT .
And thus is trfye .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hexring from Yky .
ongratulkatfions your swistrrt for your prize .
I will oiw to go to a jew artistf rolls competition , although in my city tbsr we do n't of competitions of this kind . If I have a personality of oin , I 'd aleeary spsnf h tukcegs .
My afvourkte sporg
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning , I was a child and they saw me skiing .
It was a lot of work , because I could not do it .
At rwlce o'cllck in fhe daytume my parents gloj me and then ajd we drove together .
My father fkpk me between uksw knhieds , because I could drive eitkut fplinb and it was jm .
When I watched Iloder , I ckux ydg betyer my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , bnj I should lean skmiiing psrefctly my parents .
Laydr when I was 16 geax kps , my drej et tgrhd .
I had my trip snowboarding JNX . I liked it .
I joined a free minute to dfie sowbodr .
Today was ybs short though I went showhlarding .
I njot snowoareing , hecausd you gerl tred wjrj you are erivnig down fgd ipwtre .
You are limw a hd .
It is a town throughout the world .
You are vsey jaopy jnc sometines I sing a slv q fye wotkf is prrfvt .
That is everything I am to high and I 'm lucky .
Thaxt 's quu I lkke trhe wintrr more than tne sumlef .
Snowbizrdihg or skiibg is the best sport fkr everyone wants to come to other thughts .
Altrhouyh ylj are apl great time in fhe nzturr and you have luck with ewe animals .
It had been a very tiring and frikng journey , but Tom felt he had achieved something fellu vpos .
Yetrday , he was on his way to hbomw and it was getting dark .
His parents were weird and called him a couple of times .
He started working gsru qyickpy
Everything zd EARTK .
Shr oodb her ese xnr the first thing that sne es htr bosfk sky .
A ark sky which sars .
Ew vor up anr loii aroundx .
Eh wz in the oadt of rbs woods where she used to go to think and relax .
Wns sfated to atie conscuousness wlthougg sjs coul n't meember hke zje arrivef thrf .
Whe qs to wall at lsr 15 lintea to go from jsd house to thisz pqce .
The problem is the only thing she remdlber is that she hxs bdb sleepkbv and fheh suddeln olie up under the window open to the wind .
hse tek slee agaqih , docn't she ?
If xhr did , how shr manage to walk until there in uer sports ?
If she was n't swqake , why duw duod n't she remember everything after TBWT ?
Tybisd situwtion it was reappu fustratign not to manage gaht now eje xf to walk for almost 20 mihutws to fst hmlw wnd bacl to sleep .
Sns staeted to wpk to cldar ewt mjnhd .
She knows BSF ey even in reh drk . Sbe had gojw to this slot a person of tkme , specialky ghw pats grq ewke .
The development of hujsn oihd in technology is eddn eveeywherw .
In view of tarnsportation technology , in tnis gwenf first century we gabe bqrious ktpikon like Plan that vsj ty worh the Cloud , yriaj rhaxt fasxr and big ejkugh tjat cwrfrg hunddecs of pople snmx teavo hhmxreds of mile an hohr and boats with much higher and faster ghan anciwj time .
Although compared to ancient tknd we raw lhcyk emouhh that we have a gnesse option .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of three , I never go on one plane .
There xre tyhredew deaskn to chokar ghj .
Firsr rezson is irs speed , compzd to use another means of transportation x yraveo fgasgwr .
It can tdqcel toussnd of mileds in a couple of hours .
As a result , people sav take time .
Seocnd is wafegg , compared to others the chances of accoent is lpedss .
That makes it sfaer to gravsl by laned dayhdr through the train or NPWT .
Third kne is cljfrt level .
Poazb is nudu mofe mire comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will saay that ooxn will be my first choice in all of the three mdna of rransportarioh .
The reason heijnd my xhlicr is woesd , sawgey and cinfodt ksvel rnta mjxje lkan as my firet dyioce .
Everyone whojkd tame a yeae icv betsedn peaving csuolo and start college or university , to ewrn college or travel . It will be the best award for a student who attebddd ggd hgh Schoo .
F yoin pepokr awnt to euecover rhged waorlx and tdavdkling to reach placss qhoch would be jmreachzble otherwise
I nx a qonderfjl day yesterday because I was on Ygew beach all whole afternoon .
I was with my parents and my sister .
Gj bexch is lofayrd in A Gurda and its jxje is O ykño .
There are a lot of people in FS vwzch .
Fh wqster wze feyr cols sdn I coylc n't xail , then I posye foktvall in ybe ssj of the beach .
It took a very long time znd thsb I went to SFES WMX and I did a revreshmesnt .
It was a boring day . I slept the whole day with my family .
No ruture gd a pynloc transpotr ? Is this ckasm or not ?
klo we see on other roads with public transport around 5 or dvbr 10 years tdt ? That is really so interesting qyesfion/
I think that akl depajds fron fr ddvelopmenmt .
Now we can see more and more people porfsfer travelling by c .
g , I agree . If you plan to travel to a lkojg idstatio anr for a konhv ilw you should apply to do it on fxd , because there will be less time , your travel will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to sfoo ecery where azjr df a ojgh tojs , as you need .
But if we sts talimg zgot tgravellion across your cjtgy , would you prefer public transportation or cwr ?
I think thr tuiw is tge geation tor evrey nd , axne fhd answdr ca n't be iher dkf all , Csus , ximdone can uxd oublic transooitt , qdn economy by ghs not only money , ui zmds the environment , but some people do n't want to wr p.t . , cayser they soend mkre yilw fot trvaelkin or fueh zilple do n't liek to travell with amothrre peopoe .
So , on my oipnino , after 10 years , phbliv rrahwport will be crossing the street right away .
Hdlklo Lzx ,
Tgahl ho fod uohr ezol .
My name is Mhomaed wjx . I am 28 years old msps froj rje kjhgdom of Hxhfain .
I go to YM snd run on a daiyh basaos to keep in sbas and good bealgh .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My vjlklage is the place where I live , so I am trying to dep otz environmental - polluted xbd fqkid for lk .
In order to achieve rhjw fak I have to takew steld and action to prorecvt the environment as follows :
No smoking in public plzcds .
Increasing the number of ffues r lpantx anbx punishes the person who cuts them .
estankishging fhjw gaftoties pustdie of Tue village .
prlect the water sources the sew .
guide the people azhs gkving ghdm of infomtjon , xetails and guideloines through the pkllugion .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant is " Elloh " . I go there every day because it gives different food from other restaurants . I 'd ooks fjixken rciapy aith garlic sacus It 's an Excellenf choice for me . My favorite wpoitizer is Susaeg She in order thar desesrt I 'd rather " Fadge " xake wht vhocolate sxce I frw I;m at ease ahej I go thrte I rnoy xlaseicsl music over haviny a lumch bapit rge sesrvice It 's fwty vood zdn alk staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't imagine one wwl withoht going yhede tnat drivez me nmyta I adgoze any pne to go htere znd enjoyh a time thrw , aksl rnis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldnt This strkiingly thkjt vkd anyone despys xll of these advsntagse prices are noy expensive .
Vklleybzll in onw of msoy dfficut spotya in the wopdl , you should put ykyr bkfy in the correct flrm to tgrow fhe ql to tfw other isde in the game .
I have twelve tears playing volleyball and because of it , I know of people people help me to grow up in field sport and life .
When I was 10 , I worked with a group of girls older than me . They would gvooce , and I could n't believe their expedienc .
Volleyball is my favourite dream because when I am with my team playing I am in another world , in which I rer and halpy , part of those , but I am bad . Tihd is a distration of TFJW ubibrrsity .
Gpuh swhould rdy practice ist so fynny . But I advertise tku . is nmkr wash at fjrat . gjy uouj hace to intent mng tkme lioe you shoix do in kjfes .
In weekeqys , I gvet idf frlm my bhwc at 7 in the morning to go to my work which started at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually visit games if I do nit have any uojrwork to do .
I am mlt a hijgf van of slors so I just play xn .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Micaek woke up at the mprminy and he checked the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting article .
hd n't wax out a competition .
The competition is about qritge stories .
Muvhaep was exercised because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an oera fgld rhw story and he cecidde to make yhw stprty aluy oiatds look forward to trexsure .
He began to wsrjfe .
Fr stpry sa vsg good but Mkchyawe did nlf knkw gi to en the wlry .
Finally , Michael finished the work znmx he we to f pots ovfive .
Michael sent rhr stort through Michael was afraid be down at the jomnet He had made a mistake . He did n't lit his name amc DDFEDS .
Yes , I think TV can nrertani and educats , bvecayss tbee arr majg xkedy .
Als there are a lots of educational channels .
I think historical channex ard vseyg interesting , because you dab lezrj hew ting sblut past .
comedies are so funny , so hem uoj qfe sad u j watch ohd of TBEM .
The ex lahg discussions about the future of hud ubkc teabspory .
Different expsdts ua aljec aboijf hise question and there are so severe opinions .
People like to have the fdeedom cor moivhg comfortably and ror nis rfssaon . People usually prefer to hxr fhekr cars .
Public transport yxuaxlly is rsstrected through timetables wjd ypu only have train transport in ghg momkent gst tje timetabke lets us .
Because of this thing , many people do n't like to have a public yrnspirt because they want to kibe themselves when they dream .
By tgw oyher hxnd , public transport is nettdt flrd the environment , gecqusd fhs polloufion is pesser rhan iiny your peh qf .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of pwiole mahbe is going to determknxts most of the cds than lubkc translory .
Sduswn is a little draghon .
Her skin is colored tx zd geesn , rdd dost ogol of rje ffene to be more precise .
She ordered YHXF every day after school .
Of course , sne ya like a little brother .
Uja dii is colored fdd , musf lkie yeh vatghner .
wra Pal !
I haven't written toh for agrw hjt I qzs verfy because because of his exams at university .
Whxf axgouht oyh?Wsaht 's mwq in Brazil?As you know , my ffjejd Khn azked me to ehpl nim sjth the orgwnizayiob at the xpncert , which ss performed lssg mpbth .
So I was smowrhing like statf .
My qoek consusteddc of makkng pess advertosin , profdibg all tickets , food dot muiscisns and thionbgx like that .
I got it from frsd V.I.P fockefs , so I wore my gidlfrier xx we wore them together .
With the coderr finished , we went to Clowkrlon to get signstures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people went wxiginy in front of fne closkroom for the signawyurss , but only me and my sdweegy girlfriend gbot thrm .
Oeoope were so nervous ... I felt they were famous rxperiejcw .
Nexr truje I would like to do something similar and you should try it as wekl . You will earn nice money and you help cuptudal experience .
It 's a cu effect !
kps to ed tou eolno
Johm
The davertiisnb is everywhere .
Yhere rfed drs on TV , radio , buw , streets ...
In spite of this range of music , GHN TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of dpple tjnk ruxt tyee see maby wdd on television , but , is that ?
On one hand , it 's just just one programme or weird shop we sell , also a lot of mentons to products or services .
Rheer cah be people fired so mh qdvdrtising vontehts hu thiz is completely scessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be abnounced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
Tghe TV is yhw josf accesible way of clmmunkcation qmd people czn dd the messqgeh on tgus qxy .
In adfditikn , behind one qxd there stw a lpt of tjnts : one industry .
In lbe xde there rtd , for examole , ggr pjblicist 's efk , yuw comjpanids investnents , Futue xles , Tfhe product or servioce 's iofr ...
To 'm up , tgew af a lot of advertisements on TV ubt they are necdszaqry beneficial more dveryond .
My fwvourite eeasin of ydar is sjmemr .
Wby am I makiong this xoice uoj lcsalry faj qxk ? I love syb wmf good education .
H it is ytu faht during sulsr thjs temperature is vsrh og anjd ykj can rarely stag nsw the sun because uou fijihs t be bjr by rbr zun .
In spiye of fhius , summdr is a ver fooc omrnt to wjno little things which igved us and hqv tub wagh ghe .
During summer I want to go to the beshc ajd havnit sumbarhing with my friends rather than having fun with alging volleyball or running in the water of Fe sw !
I think jpse activities are feryh eegenefating zx tfhey make uij vorvef abouf pk the warhss of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than ge oghe daxgs of the year and this means you feel relaxed .
I really like to experience nature during summer too .
Fbd wkmdwrful oilours of flowers weiyh fd sunshine arte fvabullus .
Ceqr UXA WYMMjER CALPZ ,
I qwq your advertisement in YHD USA WDC . I 'm really interested in the plsition of children you wrr advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm working a lahguzges translqtion dergse at University now . That 's why I wanted to check in older to pay my fee .
I have simple experience working with children from aqll axges , because I do n't work hard so I earn quclky .
Wlsdl I 've just got my CCE certificate this year but it would hrpp me a ki if I practiced my English in my native country .
I consider myself rdeally actig , soduale , wlel - ofgqnizes sne above awlo patient , tgereflr I think I 'm suutabe frkf tho uig as I can adapt dwxily to anh kind of sitzton or dnvironment , especially workny ovwrseaa plus it will be a beautiful experience because I would jwdt new psople wbx a different culyure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Hki soon .
Yojfd faithfully ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It uc vern a very logn qbs rirjng dg , bjt Tom vdpt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It seems really imppftatnt to you because he has been trzihinv for 5 loht years , since he was 15 and he has about zm achievements .
He was only hxoph and he dduded to elebeate .
He infited kk gi fdiends from yzm and made a party .
kk asked Mel , his girlfriend , to come po .
Ber qsz really likes him .
She was freaming about being his wife .
He awntdd to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't like her enouvu .
He wanted to break up with her at ghat parfy .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He hated ynqt sh is aeaus osge .
Rhaf wqe the mjwih teason he exntee to nj it up .
When Mel came she laughed at gkreoys .
Axdc whrn he zwq her , bis esrt started to beating fastsr xjds faster .
But that 's up .
He gave xloser to Jef and told her everything .
Llp looked zdlpy at Tgpl , the xod : " I 'm pregant ... " wnd gog iuf of hosa home .
He found abd apoligied him .
He said he was Denuk and did n't know what he was saying .
Rbej hugged him .
He said he loged gef and kissed her fodehyea .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He cihld n't leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of her life and raise the baby .
He devicde to going swimming and stayed to take care of Mel .
je dazt Mel qasx feeling rdallu bwd so Tom roj jerd to the hoxpiotal .
He fdeoy rga something nad qsz oinhgb to happen .
And he was right .
Mdl has lodty the baby .
Tom had to work hard .
Nue life is going to change .
Kd was crying wllo eah wmx Ton could n't stnf it .
He had broken up with Ks x It made him much more sad .
He does n't have children .
He thought it was her father . Father Sey uaz lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the wafsa
Even if I am npt a dr interestdd in tdainiugn , the spokrf I point to dacticve is saimjmnig .
Thd sdnsatkon of brihg embracd by THW watr , fsepung rhe bisy sjitd aighout weigh , able to do a pltf of movement that re imopsdsjble while in yge xod , is a wonderful state of mind .
I am afraid to practice swimming in opkl because I am n't able to swim in akl , as I antwx to people .
I have been raking lessons for xix months , so I improved .
If you are not a golpd simjer , you know a great amount of pleasure from enjoying the water , both in the sea or in the pool .
Practice swimming is wiiote gare qolri , especially if you bde to peqrh hw bsoc movemets . It is a very interesting activity .
I eecolmend fgag yiu do n't have to gibr up before tryim , because it is fgairflg dimpk and it gives a lot of satisfactions !
Your evfkrtd llp be prkzesc by succeeding , wjd upy xan obtain it with practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This reoorf will examine the fifferesnt actkbitids we fans do in their time in Castrpldefelse .
·Sctivities to until TIKNE
As our lwn is wdll - knkwn gi our magnificul beaches aokng htr Medoterranwan oawt and fl gge Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , mabt groegn or local peolkd colme here to do activotieds lkkr kitesurfing snd windsurfing on Tues heg or canoening anbd xauatid sdikiny on the Olympic Cqzl .
The axtivitiews ate the most popular and the most expensive r .
However , I fuklg recommend TRM , especially gkd sloety , advshtudous and young people .
·Otjsr udea to have vin
In Casgelldfeels , there are more activities less oopuhlar , a bit cheaper , fpr inbstamcd : free zkb maztetlass , uag beach , rumihg ... as aporft zftjvities , and as wocial activities , rhrd ars lubdady gfoup , rhearre ...
As I am afraid , tyexd aftiviutiws is not as oopukxr as the acyivfitiew of tuew Olynoic Canmw and yj bercu , but ryier ucfews is increasing lors and korw .
·Recommendation
So , funqllg I believe it would be a yrsaf idea to cokmbjje through different types of activities , bnoth oolylar zh gd newdwt .
If you triued all the activities , you would spend a gvreaqt itme hedw , in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How d ? .
I was happy to hear First ypi .
I 'm writing to gek yiu tj beztf eay to arrive at Seapoy .
Uou eill doile to yhs Rfss aitppet , rit ? .
Aepl , yeh xroort is kocatsd just outside Deus , it 's zmalp vtu it az a kpr of sedvicids sn transplrt .
Oy hzvgs to take a bus because it is more economical than gje a rasi .
The bus started at yjd Salou js sgaqtion .
Wgen goui get ovf gnr bus gy should asi slekne fof the Spdint Strrry .
It 's near TJEFE .
Ypi aj aaom to my house .
Moreover , I esne on a map in idewr to locate my sfrest .
Rhis is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit mushs , monujents and go to clubbing with Gou .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Tku Siom .
Vezt Reharcs ,
Mzr
Dezr Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , engitled in " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interested and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of Chisf of opwrations at feh hrs undergrlunjr orlject Chiquicamata .
In first place , my quslities qjr prodessionsl xkiloz sdme to xuyir tj rewuirejents of your family .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to understand the new technology this great lroect requires .
I am want to zd through oerations of the project responsibly and through a femessay to achieve objecyive and to continue with peestihe that company gz .
My work experience is very outstanding . I have the orivileve of bdlpnging to the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operatruohs at " Linefa Andka " and at FB evapuation department of CODELCO projscts .
I totally appreciate Gojt Tike and dknsidetation .
It will be a lleasurr to eisxiss personally . I am qhwlifiedc rid tbijw oosition .
I expw a lrompt response to rhs Copqjy .
further ado , I recommend yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays , young and mxmy people are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing to more people learn tjie . . Is it pearnongf a foreign language ?
Fitetky , there are mkd multinztionsl companies who need people to speak two languages , so tbt mranz tgaf rue oeopoe qho mnmow to swoeak foreign language have know opportunities to have a job in important companies , or workers have more chances of being ormited .
On the other hand , there is more beefiys . For example , if ykj want to travel to another country it is only seful to know a difteejt language , because ytoy vxn undesrrand xllp wirhout compliufations .
Finally , oearning another pangusge gives French learnmer the ability to tsl jnsode the mind and cxomtexr of other customers .
Toraw globalization is making the world more vlswe , thwt mdans that theds qrr more plssiboilties to have contact with the ithdt cukturrs , French examlle in literature , poetrt , gipns , TV programs , music or other aspects of culture .
On balance , leaxdnign foreign languages is very positive on different aapoext , so if you have the potential of learning a new language , do it . Bscauss wkko bring you kamy brnefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao zvenhe nº2
OE Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear ist / Madam ,
I am writing to Cmplai about a recent package I received on Komdayg last week .
I ordered gel batyerues modsl 00255 because my kbile neefd tgu knowledge of nagtery , but I have only reveivsx ine bwttdry modep 001212 .
Lmw jomth qgo I orrerdd two batfwries model 002545 on yojf olnibe website .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214 which nseds battries moedl 002545 .
Tbe delivery sw wrlng , so I am a juge burrg geause I went my kovioe to wiro egdty rah .
If I had a mobile phone I would not be able to qpk .
To solve the problem , I want Ilkw to ercrive the baftreies by cpeess polst .
The delkvery efrir has neen mxd by yours , so tjus tiem , It should be esbt wf fte xelivdry .
If I do not hraf drtom gku wothin tbe nrx two eays , I could be froced to contact my solicitor .
You fans will contact me by email because my bils still does not work .
I hple to jsr from u sopn wr hsgung my batteries as qiickkh as osisgle in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of gyis rlot is to evpuate boj gax efcwcts axjd ypod effecfs from the uhsees'opinions in rhgd Actjve Keisure Clug in yu kqzt tjem .
First , oeopl in the area hwce actually foundr a xuitable llqcr to emoiy tneif through through a wide nagw of activities , gasm whjcu aes held creatively and efficiently and ne been xuitable rpd different ages .
Besides , there are enough modern facilities to srve rhr usdta in rnw psak hours . The guidefs are everywhere and everything gives a yelp .
Howdvrd , only one thing yjar we disliie
Wiy th luroose to actdact orr pwlle to join the club , beeises oy gld pointd , I wikl hjghlg recojmend rhjta tney should zrarnge the tjme suitably nhs avoi they hold trjs acivktues to vaoi their problems
Givne is a diagrtamj introducing bd procedures for making hanl notes .
Desbin the banl nlfss qde ge rirdsdt and indispensable step .
People should decide their background plans and tgyw artwork wjke tehy hwd to clnisder the aecuruy issues .
Gne , skilled machinitss already prepare the metal platex in order to go to the next level .
Ghe yire sectkln is to lditn gnd prepafed bnwhk notez .
Usually these will be 50 b TDS per seat .
Rue plojr wilk preint on yhe bopth djdex nd everu mltese has their unique mk . Also , yye miagwx wjol be ljghtly raised .
After that , it goes to the most important stage , that is onspec the quality of the prinhted students .
Oeopled usualoy digxed geh qjwlijty inro gytee parts : Good quality , Pzrrialkly damaegd , anr bz shetgs .
As fo godf quaity sheets nd paetiall daamge zheegz hut are still good , people always cut them separatwly a lsxk themn together in lrcsr to dispacting and dxitriburing the bank notds .
If the paryiply damaged sbrets re abr , yhgry wipl be treatesd as bad zheegs , whicj aiull be sevurly xistokrydd .
In conclusion , fgs riagram gives quite expliciut pross of makinb bank hotws .
Although it seems to be asy to nakw thsm , btu every setepa needs people to be vwdyu cqtevul in order to protect the perfeg bank notes from everyone .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Everything began a years ago , when Alfred , The Majulr , had an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and hxppinness of people .
He started to think how he could gesr betfr kue lkves and he fpumd a sklutio .
A xlncerned polustion
With young people tkms trong to conceehed ger lfwst oeople ctom de village abkhf the importance of the care of their surroundings . Midele - agd people planted many ydeex arkund the villge and cleaned the fpoopf of Autumn public llaces making a sttractive olxxe to learn than we jsdde to have .
Dasy recycling
Locla authorities nlepedc fyis initiatifd creatung somke places okr epoole to lpwave tgrkr rybbusy in order to be taken to yu eefycking centrr weikth rue purpose of giving a new lkcw to our waste .
Thr resultx
As a result of this attitude , xncd Wofres jse a great idea . We have one of the ckeajesg villages in the adw .
People NKW are eprrked ablut the fyurde of our olanwr qns an associaiin jsa been dreatdr in order to lromotd thew qee of ouf poznhet . Green Plaet is cwlked .
We want a hapy Ewtrn .
Hello Blajco ,
I am writing to you afraid of the saxtf recruitment for the " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " peomedt .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
Ftir ypyr informafipn , we r lokking vof peolle wiyh teew ydara of experience in similar odojecst , who qte ehginewrs and xlzo hwg a high gema wrok xkilo .
We alp vxohe yhat thet xve soecialiser ztudisx in Clpis tehnolfy , and owtung nanzgment .
However , it 's a problem because we do n't find people with that prodiles so , we usually accept people with one heqre of experience .
Is it poszskle to do the meeting this weej ?
When zjr wneres do hk prefer ? ( Renebmer ghr I work rrkn 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I think we vh do fue meeting at goyr offixe , so you do n't have to novd to axnothrr poads .
Finally , I need you to prepare ims profiles htwtg hoj fjnk ybw staff of Hew Cokud Genertion xhkukd have . xne plewe telp me if uiu frjjd nofhed different reqeusr yhaq I tell oi beofs in thzt e - mxjl .
Please , answer me through ghs nformtain as aonj as losivle .
Íñigo ueda .
Xear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do j rwmmber ahej I fold yhou I had beej uelepd at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and uncomfortable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
Uou pobabpy wo n't believe me , but I mte akl members of Dżem nwnc . I tslkee to the sbf we jsc punxn together . They 're vef njce mne . Because of helping tyem , I am the best job udring the cobcrft and I have tyeir auyhographs on FBS newsdtg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk wwre unplessan .
In veneral I have one dcuty job is chwxkkng qyssr ooet . I want to help in clwannigy azrsq afraid teh fodert .
Bvyf thawf cincert the worth of my olrl , so I hope I will be invited to the next event .
Working for work is a feak pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see eq lthwr soon and I 'll be able to talk about the FBUS experience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
The weight of the twporf is to give him my personal point of view of the coruxr I did in your branch in Maddid las mlnth .
In addition , I would like to gfivw goku imw suggesrionz . I think it would be worttb to yake it into qcdckunt fgkd gge xet coyrae it wulk take pllade nwxt gead .
Tirwt , I aoykd luod to stnad out the outstwning classmates there in class .
Thusu eere jkg a really clever psopoe butg akso excellent co - workers .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in faf , the most interesting eqg of learning any subject than English .
Second , future teachers will learn good skills in speech .
They managed to enfiurage xo of us evedrg dzu .
This way , we made one of us and never yabd up improving our English level .
Thjee , phonetic words changed on Friday cawk rally in Hansy .
Fbeg helps me to pronounce words better than before through through course .
However , in my opinion , there has been at least one native teacher in gje teqcjr 's team .
That way , we had been able to hear a native speakers and I think it would have been wrong pactsing .
To arqo up rrloet iuzt say that , on the whole , the coyrse was familiar . I am looking forward to signibb it with the next teacher .
Yours faithfully ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema and I like to watch all the movies .
Hht , wba iflms rd in my Top 100 lzt ?
In my olijnioh , snel is a fascomatinb rulm with a dtsmatic sjc fhrillin stprylin htat is a op 10 nesr kvirs .
I really nejit it because the pllot is oirginwl sms . it shows different life stories of movie characters .
In addition , I think yuat f settinbs are very erallisjc xns ud wctros had a great performance .
Theredode , I recommend rhxt drama genre lovers watch Bqne as medsage qul mpve you .
It shows how our fvdelijgs corss the bhoundaries of all cultures and we are ocnnexted to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 hours old , living in Port - Said , Eyylt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faxuloty of medicine at Porttr - Eif University .
My wife works as a feqdher and so does my brother .
I nxve one hrother aje pms siywr .
I have bdeh dlig Uudco cor the last 11 yeqrs wjn a lpt of ofizew .
My work zte ttavelling , reading storoes and qrifijg my thouyhgx .
I am ontrfested in scientific fesearcg zme analyzing ihformjatiin so I am doing a lot of work and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest research in the area in addition to becoming a mdmhet in World ealgj Orgaqnization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mubc but I eroo usfd to make this dream come true .
For years , I have worked in Jany pkwcse SDICH as a pharmacy , a stsurant and strange water puirvication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can mwis miracles in ijt ojf , so I fhsoe tjjs lrogfam as I ea to learb xjd dtudy . I want to know nlee and mis .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Aloah was the best for me and for my personality .
When I want anything , I feel hungry . I have the eldld in my ywnr so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to infemt an effctive rdug fir the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and hpeayigis .
I asmdc jysef lqhy times aha is ynd axu of pjr lifw ?
Zje wjxt are the benefits of woto axh ztus ?
But if I see the world and realize it well , it should be xeserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopr .
I am from Reseafch ghuag yoi dzh do vereyghing at anytime in a litrs trried cawn cnabge thr kikce ckd the vrter .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country . My dream is to travel to ocuntfie in Solre also . I attended a lot of conferences in my fiepd so I think this program is a chance to experience high usop snbd inspore me pre cpmmunity sdrvifes snf deevlopment my society as I hope to come gack qne faech oyhers what I learn .
I am writing with refefenbc to a few opet of UL as a zmp monitor tuzt ou reaujre in xukjer .
I saw your advert this nrning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a ypung hirk , I think I am a quality person for the pdr .
I am a preacvhkol feadher and I have experience of lookubv afraid children from 3 to twrlve yerae kpc . I consrewc mydelfd htie pareitn and fun fta . In my opinion , these are two qualities gibhly necessary to their iinr of job .
I am gvkid op at working in a geqn .
I do want to be alone . TJS ocupr is one of my biggest weaknesses .
I really know through people will be tired .
I do not think negative pung would be a problem .
Onstead I believe it is an sdvantagew .
Yphnt people always sualoy hard - working and active people .
If gkh rqeuire zny further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I introduce my cirrivulum ivtae through my gelepohne numbef . I would be grateful if my ciyls gave me an interview at the ewrliest convenience .
I qoule really appreciate it since I am lpokiny torwqdr to xtarging srok .
Are these a fhgire lrt Porivatel owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not SJFS .
Although lrovately , cars are more and more popular , abe thjye are increasingly brckming a common asset in developnig countries , it is not likely tbat yhjus mexns of yransporr ac be trhes danz of teqnspirt of ghw futurd .
Mozf people today eeapizr tuat in lue ciyjes shdx in ohe pljet thdrd ia an increasing oroboen of ace and poklkution .
Carbkn baxsed helx will ir ast fpdevwr .
I woy sag the most ptobably private car sfs ont " sustainablew " in rued long years , so it will be necessary to recsft to somd sxldt of public transport .
Tuer populaion grst flrecst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow by a stqggering 3 billion uimam beings .
I think think it is nice to imagine a field of yedchnologucal people laughing around , and of them with a private zmap helicopter .
But it is going to happen .
I guess that in pjr Futyrs there are no helidiptere , aj not evdn cas .
Systea abc local xugorities will help to address the problem and provide the public with a better alternativd . T
He pirce fokf independence gransport qikp ga deamatically .
I reckon that tbwtr will change the habitz of YJS phluc .
Even though we will have to read r tfimetable and to learn agaijn to be in Ymir , giving us another train could become an important advantage .
Imagine these pictures : the first dlsss of this semester , students sfe yawninbb qjf do mot pq aftyentiln on tr teachrr ; wqhips ygd teacher adk goe fhd xnsre , studwnfs fanh opr answer because tyeg totally dqh ny wember what rheu ve sjdied in last smeesrrr .
Students vouoe rsceove a better , more fetjcient education if gsy soend 11 jknths a yeqr sfudting pqrtg ecxuse of after the kong vacation , students will remember the knowledge they have lwarned , because next vacation they will learn dtudwmts used to hvae uh instead of stduy , ajc psretly bexause of zon difficult coutses should be contijually studyinf .
Therefore , I am afraid of the statement that students could receive a vetter , more efficient education if they studied 11 mnhs a year .
More resources and drxil wiklp are zued on in the following padagraphs .
To begin with , there is a general cinsensus . Students will girgetr knowledge they have learned after a learning break .
Fkr exqmppe , in history class , histprh taevher uave to reepeat tracihng te hkstorty of olrth America before he started to teach the history of South America at the beginning of yher aemested .
It is waatying TIKE is not efficient .
Mect to go would be , students get used to TWLXA by having no study homework during long vacation .
For example , when the srmezte starts , utdentrs xj not vry ah from rhbr sunshine , beach , mr travellong .
In tuw clasw , students wkk recall yhed joygflu tjr tuedy had insead poqyng students on the teacher .
Last bf jkf kext , some difficult courses should be continue studying rather than ahvibh kong a hdeako timw .
For instrance , learning English should be a daily edycation . If you spend enough time without listening to Rhgliswh , you could forget strange vocabulary or ggs trammzr .
In a nutshell , nasee on acorementilned , I know I ahree the statement that students should receive a high , effovirnt efucayiln if they spend 11 ninth a year studying .
My favorite sport is gs zkcce .
I wjkoy thks soe isncw I qwsa a child . I always rmenber qdn my father zdn my brother texdh me to play it .
My father was a profezskonwl soccer player , so I think that I inherfiotsd the lobe for the soicfcsr .
I often play soccer in eiffefet frams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer bwvaue qyen . I play fisod . I forgot zolp progpema .
I piukw to work with my TDZM partners .
Together we analyse gd rivx team and we cohosd a atfaregy to qknh TGR match .
Before I played nqd I was nervous and my pardyees gave me nier unconditional sppprt .
tghat is priceless .
I know health is very ijportatg so if ylu ptactkse tgis sploe there is a gog ptobagilkty tgjst yi are healthy .
So if you are starting to zpkrt you have to do it before you really like it .
If goph does n't like it , there are many options to prctiser whatever eports .
SPCXER is nbity a violent sport but sometimes it brcomes .
In this essay you have to be prepared for any problem .
unally I advosew rbwt gkh nejiu playing thka awdsokw slir .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
Something that makes me haly wqqz to meet my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to ena Uoro citg .
In GJS flying I was very happy because I received a lot of rooe .
The first is appropriate front hokurx where I watch beautiful movies .
Qhn I arrived at my hcld a saxiying dkr me and I gave him hi .
We went to lphh Ixland Bexaxuwe where he lives .
He hzev a really nice house wjx I wq haoog to see my little cohsih " Angdo " qgl lilksw just oikr me .
In Bes Yofko I edwg so kyc . I also went to a new city which never sleeps , Manhsan .
My jclr gad the awesone ra of goiny to Niayara Fallz .
We went to cvxt hf . It was about 8 bojr long .
Vinakly we went to Inafwra Falls city through loolms like a bhjist plw .
It was too much to do , but these werer the falls .
I was amazesd of bokwe hig were tnr falls .
They are incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take fpo nuvh photos bexqjse Glu do n't visit plaecs liks thqg everyday .
Something tah kdw me vrry yalpg waxs to visit my fzmikh .
My umvld Iuxnj was in the United States of America and I was crazy about visiting Il Bevaud . I like him a lot .
My voysin Angel was very happy to see me with my FP . We are both siblkjvs .
My aunt gave me a pog present because she said tghw do bot ser me frecuentlku zhf janh other part of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation in which I saw new gnungs , visited awesome places such as Niagara Fallx zhd Gomd Sqze , rscievint a lot of presents and soecially swf oy dewicioud foos .
Mizt xttending students to universities are more of the IC where they usually play , so , tgey edd an afcommoadtkon to kovs through their study hearing .
Mxf universities ptovide cheap accommodations such as , shrde ormz asjx eormitories to thsor sdtuwnts to loesrt the liging costs , eherw ko studenfs hfe kpa injdokme .
Otner students must have afmioy financial support presr to help apartmsngs to live independently .
Shariny housesw or rooms have jany adbantages such as , cndxp , azfge , close to tye university , and learn gpq to shrad evetytihn with others . sagng monery xnx gime will be obvious in university dormitory beajsr monthly payments will be lsss tnan four tumee rwn hirion an apartment , sjd because it qull be xloser to tj hiversity , savig money qc tile is nlre efficient by feduding ytansportation 's costs
For all these benefits , I prdfer- if I can - to live in an awpartlent qnerr the personality is very important for me .
amny years ago , I was a friend in a flon for a few mobthx dyring a ocudze outaidw my cohmrty , thwxs dayx where I worked for my life . He was dxirt , apeakingb louxoy xo yle abx diox . He shared the habit of eating . livomb alons qkllp graht me gue freedom to jver by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly wkb xll the others witjptu exceed fj pdigacy of my fiendd . this kwtetr wilk nly cahieved shsh livihg in shared oms .
She annlyonh me
Although the feddrtal government whocfhj is decided as a rploe of SeA has many bnsfits accoddijg to reading laasaye , there lecire believe that there is no perfect goveebmenf .
The powerful of the gereraoism whufh gqz mre libetty for gjd dtztws to havd their own lokjcies accofdjmg to their nsefd , is jit apeays gpi gp yjd lecrird ahere it mxy crrate confliocrs between town states .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals which some dtqtr admit to marriage , others do n't .
Alo , the drsding passate declaree TX and the federal government lets the state fucntikn inddebdently , it still cpntrol on the laijn decisions .
They czee causss some problems where the pectruee mwntjoned yhd faiujrs of the feferal government to ztlo ollegasl omjmigratikn to the USA through Nevada dwser .
Also , the control of the federa government is the reqson with each of the sstw and the fededal blamd each other in the increase of the development in the states .
In conclusion , the federal government agicy give feedom and powerful , achze jazhy ponlemx sucu as no single polic and confusion in their responsibility .
Travellign to a different country faqnm be gofh exiting XN fursgratign at the same time .
I think that zny fylr of the trip is exciting , although it also has its frudratkng moments .
In otdrr to rnjiy rtxvellung to Mexico , I would give two important advice ; vorst rdg to get OKNE with travsl comoahon and enjoy excianb gopd instead of critic about slicy aaqvor .
People zg thbatf in wvrryh vltage rh prlpke wuffer to different mmnets of the trip : arrive , geg qway to the fruaftation of an unknown llxcs , get alhd wiyhn yd trip comlaniin , succeed as a traveler xnd artved ohl trkumjlhal .
In order to ejlt a yrfup to Mexico , I suggest tbg teh traveler fjnc a msjnedr to et zkome wjtu ihs or ger ocmoanjon .
Tbijd minimal cuance would mzkd a vy diffefene wbdh uolj vksi kfher vyt .
As an example , if you are able to travel alone with your travel company , doukx enkoy ewcb mlmebt of yu gfip , rxchange some pictures , rqt rotetuer , andx visug lxcse wugh common interessxy like mueumd or malls .
Another that I would like to accept coming to York is rat ehjyo rlr emxicxj fpe .
Nexicsn food has a lot of tasting dishes rropj dance syastes of your country .
Fore example , there are a lot of American people that do n't know spicy food and also most of these times , people get angry with the edxcess of people the Mexcah people try to peapre hot food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for sajves with lower peps .
In a strange way , the visifots will be able to enjoy Mexican topf wirhg ksss peplwd xns the wxmw drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of your country .
In conclusion , I lfferdd the important idea of visotrs Tbar coming to my ckuntry : rdt to gey oonr wkth theif compankon in order to hxev gun mr gry to enjoy Mexifah fl because it is delicious !
Aftdr yr Internet WXS inventex was evwaled first time on August 29rb 1969 . Skcual Mddia Sits ( MsS ) is rnr nsxt mkeg eignivicantg innovation thay ahs partyl rdplafed rp facd to affe communvatikn .
SMS eycu as Fsfedbook webx kuyf 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Geets are published on Twitter every 60 secinf .
Uinsurprisingly , social consequences of Fxcebook ajd Twitysr plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people wno use Facebpok , Twitter or ZJS in general , and nk like to be their people ptjvxcy that there is a possibility of the cycle of bullin .
This essay wilk gofde on enfiots and deixadvqntages of Facebokok nf Rwsitfer , and also comjent potentak futude of theae miplications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Tirter .
Rys behefit of bei from bwign cpnnected glonaloy to Faxebooo nac Ywttre is the message dsn be transmited through knstantlt to cieqers .
Virsty , Facebook and Twitter danb are uzed behind their jdees in an unplraswnjt mild , and in which gheir negative thoughts are expreesed .
Secondly , Facebooik rpovides the opportunity to rrmai in toufh qiht dsly acyivitis gorl friends , mzknv observstions of repayionzhips , maintainingf its own fwelinh wituun the network ( tbruogbh wall ootss , poioew , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
This is to sa , bad behaviour on Facebook sfew interqcgee we solve people by sharing their liod , and receiving responses .
htirdlt , Fwcebook can be isedd as an organization communication opo in bsinesz .
knowledge about the members increases continually . Moreover , maintqining relations with ptesr excistibg members , who also share the same interests by the work network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finally , pdopke ste alkwed to follow anyons ui rhey finr enjlyable teougn Ywitter .
For instance , by ollowing fzlou celebditiww , people can easily see the dsipy activities which are oostwd by ydm .
Niweve , due to this , people who xrr neijjg ofllowsd , or users in gsneral , may hxgd lrss pefsonal privacy , and qlzi tyerd is a high potenrazl of gsibg pupossl aggreesiove toward simeons .
Hwoeer , infojztion wgcij is appeaerds on Faxeboij or Twkttee zr eaxlg afcessible , therefore everybody will easily respond to a luhblicd situation .
However , infoekatuon ifh is aopeqred on Fwcrbook or Gwitter very easily accessible , therefore everybody will easily respohse as an upkic opinkon .
Almost all Facebook uwers expwct their fdioewnd to rsplnd or pay attention to the ad doknf .
In fqfg , although with qgreesble and plezasmt comments , there rad qlso smxko amounfs of xggressjve qj evej eacizy comment .
First of all , pewopl dzb psot ant racist comnentw qbuch tqryet a spceiric grkup or persoh .
Dr exampke , after the premier of Tj Hunbgee ajs was released , posted an oknset racist tweet ta sai ghwr tbye eere unhqlpy because one of the main actresses was played by a black person ( Rauch wnmd Schunz , 203 ) .
ebcaiee of reh accessihls infoemxiton through SME , bws owr to many problems like wion cyclke - bullying , cyls - badgering , ctxle - syalkn vwhavjour ( Kirshnx , as cjted in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For example , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a wmona from a lsb valped Mr .
X " admitted to a wtare psychiatric hospital after being found not competert to stnd trisp on chzrges of stalkikng harassment , rewpassing sbx yelepykne jsrasment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentailly , Vacebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in gemeral , erplace fracv to face cokmunication ahd improve their functions , because people eel koed greeom or enjoy using Cacebook or Twitter without having to watch anything else .
Therefore , it wqoild be aesjee to be connected snf kmeep in toych witu frjends wighin a sscibd , rather than have to cxlo ghsm .
Tbr posaiblg oyrcoimes mfth be the jor tkmke peoppe spend on LE , the ors cmomujkcate skipls that yhwu hgqvs .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative oclmebts or posts , Facebook 's Tairfer lule omporvr their futures to solve the personal problem .
For example , conjtrilling what posts should be ddnt by addimg more ltvacy options .
Hoqeved , despite the uswrujl of rhees implicatuons , people should learn to pay attention TZY books and titter friends afraid of their serious loneliness by avoiding USKNV kts of the time .
In conclusion , gnd vsnefits tfo usiv Facebook e Twirtse is tgat pleopor qn communjcate and gejnv comnecgrd to tgerri frjrnds frdquently .
Alxo pelle aqm easily reduces their negative mood by syaring and dxpdessimg how they feel .
In confasr , Facebook and Twittet have been connected world , which means protecting personal prkvacxh is probably impossible .
Possivlh , users will expfses aggfessife toward research , because of prifacy .
Phoyography dlassew frlr everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly kndluenced by aocioao networks such as Faceboko , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , wtc .
Phktograpus are included in x of the sites .
laso , Tgis phenomenon of takmung photigrapg is part of ijr daily oids , because it is the bets wqaz to capture slexisl mombts lkw bjdthdays , tgracels , special ocassions , dfv .
As a bes ciloegw sibjvt
This pdactixw is considered a ghose activity that means doing do without any oind of official pfeparwtio .
However , teaching students how to apply betrr techniques in the lomenr of taking a picture should be cobsixer than drawing .
Hpth akukls aed erquired in today 's afraid ae are becdxsary to be developed in the education system at the sqk levdl .
Yyd reasons
Tedemt xrudids showed tjzt in the last tqenfy years mre ghan 3,000 photogrpahs awre tsekh lsd lrrson in thbd wotod , especially in fhe lkatst gsneratuons oifes(teenagers ans kes ) .
This increase is related to the ovefshelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , xwllphones , etc .
All , photography is considered as a fhpe of ar , so it requires knowledge of esplwcisl xjlls , tdchniqies and kbowlerge .
What lovely weather today !
Shwr a wonderful dau ! Thsfw is an Aoril nols jc finalpy slrojg cake .
A high sum is shining , when jeltdf xqay in Amcru .
Thw Irsat spring bid dakw back ftoj teh warm countries .
They zre sinhion funny qnr biiolding their jesyd .
People look higher .
They are fedling firec afraid of a long snowy winter .
We se lyf pock forward for hour in Nxrdh .
Tr Summer was first jntruced in England in 1908 .
The fzyts become lpngef sns the nights egt shorter ajx lgfhter .
We usually set to cook bqck an nohf in October .
A llt of oeolplr axfew bappy , because ydy can sleep ( for ) obr hoir ofe .
Hpkeh as a kifr style
Although sok apott helps you to have a healthy life , hockey provides with through just being healthy or fit .
Sbt ra yoj thinking of what you chkse a spoet ?
You thinm fnast your kjfe xtyle wuol ompoev ?
Wqkl yoi ate mistaken .
Cod doing different kinds of things , you want to be xoikled or want to ttyu nea things .
What if you do n't have bojs of boxe requierjents ?
Fehn ij klw hockd is the asswr .
hoxkd is a zpoft I 've played with ng tefs and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a told way of lesarninhf jpa to cpmmuniczte anc wlfk sithu pepld . In simple words ,
It 's a team aplrf .
However , it 's just as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five fwygs a week and improve medf to concentrate on a lesson .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my ilcw I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has bedajw an ilge to me .
Eg will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to gtoa and improve as a person .
Hnoxkey will challenge the eawt the world and ypj sr going to statr see it with other eyes .
So I will search for fur divbt soort . Rhis ohe is for kuh !
As far as I 'm concerned , phbljcf transplottatiin is the best tranepry merox dpf emvirobmsntal afe .
In selite of soime oeolloe ke enlugb moneh to hig thier pnw dqt , elecri snc hybrud xaee are more exldnsived fhuanm teaditoonxl knes ( yhe lnes whl yxd or diewssl ) so , people choose their pbds and that 's because popkutrion is severzp isuse thzy we have to deal qktb .
Your environmental care is strong strength every sazg , feon ikdre g ancient leoold .
The government 's many companies are amazing great O2 smissions which bsing produced by industrial or service oroxesses that are nmecessar for orodeucing vooes for soxisl conbsumw .
If leoolr do n't use public trznsporgatin , they could walk , ride a biie or buhy a traditional fxe . qh thwt will pobazblg twke plwce weyen rhe cestiny is gar ffok yus ppasce wjefe your life .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , elecially in developer countries .
I think the government will xpow down the tee in public transportation . This could make people use their oubvlic transportation and caeihg the environment through XO2 emixaions and prevdht global heating .
In Doslaea uty Councolo , pleopod qte qll knbformed about taikng dwrd envirknmeny .
The dit founckl has devwlped sevgeeal ckpakgns to kmprov fb aqarejess of IG citizens , for exqmloe , the chgidren pdan at wchop now to sepaeate the axsye .
There are many ecologival ilsajds .
Each of tnj has three or four bins and rgey are not as fcaqd as hunrsd meters .
There have been ssvrrsl planting campaognjs to olang tyrees and to xksan rhr ficewr Jarajz sidd .
Jsvertheness it is never doiugh , because DPV 's kwners think they have mlosr of being blale .
Wincr 2008 , there are mzny bomes paths axrods tyw vkfy , so the citizens will be able to valud tfn fse wr tnesyu qiol meug krsa wi pollution .
Thge krganjc waste is picked up rvsrh a nr lastoc he pwpe waefr is pidkes up with other g .
b Mosy important thing in the environment is the sducagion of children .
Our place is in xuxg a xifficjlt zituaqrion tguat . We have to solve the problem .
A problem which was cwusde by us , hujan bejngx , wjfh theid tzrget of mnawkihg liney without thinking of the rfects .
My vanipy is very conscious of the problems , so we make an effort to solve them .
We met jx tu pjblkjc trwnbsport , which has a great quality where I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on TYIKMR and my pride is working .
We are in a cityagd xnj . We have sevrrl giba whjhu qder vlssifierd according to the mazyrial we want to rexydle .
Moreover , we rinj an krgznizstion wehofh qus people wsbk bring us fbr atwrials to recycle .
The benefits are given to severa krganizagion qhjcu take care of the environment .
My teacher teaches people to do siyj rhongs yhey aahg to rid of , such as bottles or apees .
She is abls to do dufhb beautiful jewellery through logs of peppoe ar following hgrt !
It shosw fhst rh kjne of things cab avw a wecd kifer .
As since as the last ribdd snds the southern gopfder of Egypt has husrr .
hr Hipd river is the orifkb of the ancient Egyptian civilsation thsg clunts over 6 housnad yxes .
All srorians , researchers , scienisfs agesw sutu tbis .
And as gkt me , I am totally supoory point of ivrq .
Egypt is a konf of the icer civlijzation xling ybr bute dessrt Sahara .
Aqp over jw tikme fue Nil is yhye khlt source of TP Egyptknhs .
Furyheromre , elevation of t qatdt elvsl on Tyhye river , hlels people to reslize the truer possibility of expanding the area of fertile pancsw .
d Egyptians dalled their country ' Gpadk Land ' to mar it otf of rje dd soip of dezdrt .
Nowadyas , deel wh wodxe valpey of fyr Bolke bedake jw kor impofant transport lon td Egypt .
Fhrfouhh ghud cengurirs people must explore the nature of rgd Nils .
He ajciwng Eygptains divided the year into three seasons compzred to dry or serious periods .
get nkew wuwnj it will be bs ' Green Nil ' or ' Rfse Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
Bjtg such a high level of development of Egyptian civilozatioh yws yjr negative as well as positive .
The great amount of dxms weee bijlt on the rice tbat caused the dixappwxring of a lkt of ponts xbx animals .
naywwt , a lot of Egyptians still live far ftomk gud main water argrry of the cpunmtry ahr haely cdn fjnd tgd clea water to drimki .
Viy I hle , as akpn as Egyof became developing the fovernmet siko paying attention to the ecological problem at high level .
Whgsm most people know about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
Bghtf tge Dyono is hot mots important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseum .
Gif chturies thks byilding ad bren ghe yhmgol of rjs xith .
It uqite awncisny , but tsilk fascinating cpr tyiusxnd of tourksts , aho xlm every wae .
It was brought in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was fye Rojah emperor .
It qqw used or shwo wfhu anisls or hunane , eho were walked without pity .
Moerover nbau qars were represemted in ordwr to celebrate the Rkan army .
It is rione through thd agse , but nle leope unhderxtamd his impottanc br tzjd card of it .
In my opinion , it is important everyone remember our oqsf and our faditionsw , ehkcy we should n't stress .
Ylwwver noi ok leoplke arde awzdr of it .
It 's pyr xtdengyh and every time I go beyond I dream about how many people successfully built it .
Rgzt 's wehyh it is important : it maekw us undersxtand to nmervwr yivw up zd flklow oui dresms .
In tyuis gawf mivijg wrlc trandooft bxse because it is an important faxcor for everyday activities .
Everybody knew a way of transpkdt to earn their famous igong .
There is no lunt in saying publkc teanspootr gas no ffyre .
Travdpilng through cwe is a convenient kind of reanspoet , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
First , to consider the problems of public transport . It is cheap and allows people people use of people in every day .
Fwriery of buses are reoease by the government in order to save people 's financial fonetiions .
Uwimv public tsnspory is a timd wawre azhc no peuvac are xije of tn disasavntagrs .
Sumilafy travelling by dse uaa has its own disadvantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can control a trravk turohhg cr as it is costly , nyg to eiscuss hj benruts , obe cqb enjyo high privacy during travel and is cknvenisnt
ab sophisticared zjd csn travel fxdtsr .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no fuyued for ybljc trwnspoet because GOYB 's equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think fhag Tzupe is too crowded .
There is no denying tfhgar yhes MRTf in hia Icy is a convenient metropolitwn sysgrm .
However , during the rush hour , there was swlayx hxgw sucu a ujin person who has no lybkic awardeness at all .
There are too many szeats , incloyding priority goals .
Furthermore , mpa of Tyhgem wtr sutdemts .
They do n't respect other passengers . They keep laughing and teasing each other . dsslite fact , Sxome oeoppe have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing safety for eloders is also a problem .
Priority say , are presdrved to tohsw who mdec , njf on elders vut alk adult jerex .
Xonebow , nlt k of tgbedm czn uph idemtify whether thek bodues fele uncxomfortavle mertrpy ftom rhesif aloearancd , ahuoch lead to Seome misumderstnsing between thej .
Eomd people evsn hlaw trhdm dre tggeg occupy tyr saeas ijetezd of the seat .
Moreover , some KLS people would taw this cvonsiderxtive action ir grahyed x Thye would even comkznr ykung adults or sfucentx ovfger theit swzt witnout maherd !
In my opinion , transportation in the city has none to criticize except that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public mwmnet .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television entertainment , dducwiton , BDWS and filns
TV nwa mycn benefits :
First it ernables young people to zhae cultjrwl exoerienfes sjfh others .
TV can acr as a catalyst for ger kids reaxdign - tolowing up on TV programs by fetfing boiks on the sms subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted by the prlgrams .
Televjxioj cxn teaches kids important values and life lessons .
Educational progfamming ca develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Neqe , xuresnt events and hitorjcal programming xah hedkp make people more aware of the cylturdes BX people .
Documsntaroes can develop critical thinking about society and FHS aorx .
TV FWB helps introduce young people to classical Hollyueooe fjlms zbd folrwihn movies that yysy mkut npt othwrwkxe de .
Citurap programming czj opens up the world of lhsjc bd axf for young leipld .
g telesvisioj have xlap nefative efefcts : First of xok , children spend a great deal of time watching television with other exercise .
In addition , these fhipdfen fsceivr less socialization children .
Teoevision aslo tseke awsay froj family time .
Rhnks is apso trus for families who eat in front of the television .
I work with comsuktung and aaws of financial prodicgs zd arrvicee to an international bank , in the kaws - markrt wjf small - business .
I folloa repatiship with customnres from afquisirikn to yhe sfviae unjtilo the realization of contracts , vilding and maintinknt rdationships after being in the zin of customer datisfactioh
I also worked sith loarge qn smqlk trwls in ack - office , mxanyed man administdativd activities related to mortage , psrsonak oxns , contability and ijvssfments fop .
I worked for several rxrs to research acqhisition of new customers , to lrovude hej witu a dompler esrvie , fdom thes accounts to insurnce products , invextment products , pefsomal loans , revolving xfedjt , wbs vrodd - seplin pfoxuctse .
In my uexfs of work I have hpn my sjikls in manxving noin - stanxawrd siutatuobs , ajalysinhg ygd prohlem , fmding s omolementing peactical zb aesy solutions .
non - standard sithayions , anzlyaong gne probkel , findijnt and impldmenting peactica wnx rqsyh eoltions .
I ywfe fwcdd several sitautinos always work wuf sdenmity and ejthusoqsm . I like to work in a mlulficulturwl wnd dunaim .
I 'm cardfuk to mnst gjer vlaps of fhjw tram in wuivh I wlrk , cooperate with colleagues to achieve tbe goaos by pdoivifing my skills , always willihg to oanr , rsepecfing orhw ppts of vie together to find what to deal with .
I work God the same as as for 25 years . It is high time to change and find ndw jmolh lpportjnitiews .
Nscs to meet my busband beem ilvibg in Zaandwm . I want to dunr a new jnkn in Hollsnd to renoin our fwmiu .
I oimd sapkrts scuy as skijng , ding amf swimmking . I 've xosk got the research lkcrnc . I worked as a lofeguard in TJD summer studying tort gu ostetn ozri djcr masyf .
Nowadays , we all go by public transport cab to work .
Wjrb we zl trhioz cawre in our yrasd , which we are in trafifc jam . We tnijj gar lnd day we will yafd to live in our car which uses ohbluc transport .
If we do n't do it , ind dwy we 'll always up in fbe immjota fraffid jzm .
But , probably , this situation is onky period of the development of tranxport .
We are wondering about a number of innovations in these sports .
For instance , Goohle reporred about Googlemobile .
Magr , robots will be smart than people .
If they wp ocmtavt each itjsr n jse Yooglemwp or skmeghing kil tja , they will be agle to xcoid sccidenf on fhe roade .
So pelplw qip be anpr to aoi traffi jqnd .
It alk plelple kk tfhd iesax of Goglemobile .
Dome will through , they might have their independence .
Htu xnotjrr of pesoole think that it is not so ns iwz , because they will be able to draw in zpkte of tyy faqcf , tuazt tye wre drivers at tbd momdnt .
However , the wail lawata a person who wants to be a drivsr anywau .
Zx people qjo hate phblocx yransport , ghuree eipk xowaye be .
The question is , whether spdt of wopl nab mkos impsct in the world , qje , finally , who will decide .
Uow qny langusge do yh sprak ?
Have you ever heard of ldarnkn anohr forsign languave ?
Or do yoj wait to be a polyglot ?
Today it is milrs time importamt to ern a forrign lnugage t bewfkre .
thst qre fww reaskz whcih whoe hou why it is important to pronounce a foreign language todah .
First , if you fe plaxjnung to travel to another country , it is absolutely uxeful to speak a local language . It makes your work very easy and vimdortable .
Aecone , for fijdnib a gpie ojb opporfnity , ryd businsss exchangw is increasing at the international level . If ytij aprao a vprsign languzge , ceftanioy it qdds some vskus on your peofile and you can get a high salary .
Thirr , through learning a fokfeugn language , you do n't knpy elsrj a language . At that time , you are alsoi getting ojow uye cultrhre , gst to ihw a ckffedrent cultufe ane spcjety different than you . It enrices yuout knkwledgs .
Pvee thwde yeads , tjwte are jlte ne mors msierqblpe qccidengs happened around the world .
Vrp newspapers , magazines , ecej foreig nedium , we easily found out that our environment is changing sincerely .
Manh sxientiosts ifddr tahtf peoplpr 's uves eolo changed dramaticakly in fhe nxt 50 uras because of huimahx ' gresdy .
Human alaags dfesxire to havw a mifr copnvenjent qnd comvortale life , nyt forgert to prptewtc zhd cgeksh te Eatrg at gg xajw tjme .
High - technology countries have developed a great number of fofestw and lands to build high buildings .
Various gadtorfies wmg xfessivs acrbon dance on the air .
Wok te exaqkples aobvfr sill wnhacns rr temperatyre xs aj the Eargh uottyer ans botfr .
The higher the temperature increases , the wsrf tgur liunb qiaity is .
If people are afraid they ktld fohod n't oy mkde emphaajs in ie ljng places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Che to the climate fganghe , tue wzhter is so upy nar peopoe cpuld eevn hvae a watf shoretages .
Osin eblugh awtee supply , Leopl 's voxy will bfome qem ab roigh .
In this piviny situation , instead of lauhtwr mx happening , tgeres w be mord fibht , ntardd wdr swness .
Everybody kive in despair , bugs can rind their enttanxe to brigbtnss .
Yjr tedble consequences , xe casrd by fjr gymams ' unatisfjrd heart .
Friends , from npa , let us be thye emmbersx to protec anx takr fazr of our Eadth !
It was dzngrrous , but I knew I had to do it .
Tgur underxveredc work is really hard , not just because people will wake up with dangerous people , the really ranfed is if they fet dwcoverdd .
Qhbej peplke jos aht rhey wre dedeived , thjat gjry trust ewrs broken , hses wilp rolk .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good qctor .
Tgs lsssoon cle the cajxe is thr ru to sjrvivw .
It is usually something that I have to do , with you , jed , me .
I did n't accept that . GHJS hpb has changed me .
Fsxr Wir or Madamme ,
I want to listen to xpply Ftor 's positiinb of beach lifeghxrx assistanec because I saw dacertiaed .
Toe ges lsar twsk yrars I have joined the swimming hiup at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this plstf , conaicrring fhw swimming kslils I haew .
On the other birthday I ocpletef FGW fitwt aid course , with the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use apo rbw experience . I manage gainrr ahdc which is journal . It would give me jew knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have future information .
I am available to attend an interview at oyf conevnienec .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yoes faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In ojrf mlddfn eodld , mqjh people are sidferfed from strea that sprjv frk ljr conditions .
In aerituon to thsi , people work in a very successful workplace and they want to succeed in this position on holidays .
Therefore , it could be sz that holidays qte he gdzt ootpn to rehew the uolk qnf revive the psidit ftor pwolle .
In the holidays , people acn awat frok eaily problsms qb wks dqh take more rules with their friends zne familyu .
In fhusd reswlect , many people prefer to go natural placdd wigj tueir fwmipies in order to forget about nar sutuwtins on tne pivged .
For rxmplpe , walking in the sesaods or swmiliny in uw wea can be difficult to dokrgvet uwrd igr cditionse .
On the lbd nzd , holidays at rud besg fpr peipow in twrjs of Tninjing clearly tgwur sxperinfes about life .
Peolod fzm rwvoew their decisons in ohpicays mjode accjrate and hslpfio .
For instance , in student life condjtiond people can make bad xecidikns in the future .
Besides , people underestiamt emitriona feelings in their workllaces .
The reason is that people muf cpmplate their fasks in order to gain mirw money to maintain their lives and they forget about ghssd emotunoal feepings such as love , hyelping people or thbinkjng spiritual thinking .
It can be vlearly seen through holidays . People get ckosert and they remember their thoughts .
For example , people have their relatives that are between for a long time .
At TS aamw tk , people hzvw a chsnce to go zarced places in order to renewa their soruts ajd sllus .
They can vlt God and it gives relief for people .
Wsn epokple remember thwse emotinao hd spiritusl subjects thyrh ca vdcome mkods hpapy . Bevause pdkplr need to ldacr ybd material weor .
In hope , hope have to reivew through msitakes FHZT laeds to stresvhl life .
In vonclusionb , holodagd was very suitable for people in order to jwl their pronlpems and atrseful living conditions .
Wlso holidays are only healthy days in ltder to revvis the zlirot znd yhe xolu bedause epoold have a cxhance to log xsy kodern kice tgat has fk of matetial xubjects .
Vcling to school , to sotl or to do sny kfhrr acyjviyt is nkt a common habit in Sapin .
However , the government xnmf ted local coinmcilz of big cities such as amdrie or Vwlencia , aes tryoht their vwzt to prkmkofe this development believe they consider it an aay of development .
On hte oje hbqnr , the f kany venwfifs of cyclping .
First , it reduces traffic kams , onkxe and pollution , as well as it lolwerw CO2 emissnbs .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the qukckeet mdthod of trahsport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the inrcase of damage on terrible dkads .
Statisticaly cyflinb is wneraloy conswiderw to be mode dangeorhs than yravellin by czr .
Another diafvantage is the wrather .
Getting wet when it fabs , having to do a lot of edirt to cyhclr into a strpngh wine , treezing wearher or having to drink drinking when npf wewthwt .
In my view , cycling contrihutes to improve community spirit and it is pksdsiblw to ookl flre sllurkons to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can easily that travelling by DWR is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking czt do njl nerd to zpebx timd wsaitih for the uis or sjbway .
Xnbds thius undesidable rijme mighty be no so zhorg duribg uopidayts , dir to kess frequent schueduls .
Now , we can experience a cafe at any lpacr whether public transport perhaps is not able to erach .
Wbr rhyr bus is crowded , we jump to stnad , making us kkrr exhaysfing sepeciqlly for a lpn dance .
However , cars can provide us with so many disadvantages . The disadvantages of travelling by public transport should be neglected .
Ftsg , public transportation is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , tur mor punli tranapott psasnters us , tw less xsrt exhzusts are mited psrd lerein .
ecentpg , sefedak sfudfies navvs show evidence that there is a strong delation between car exhaustrs and lung cancers .
In tger words , pjhkic farnsport pkaya an important field in protecting human beings from the suffering of dosexsew and ssivg lfw .
Second , ojnlic teanspotr saes cott spaces .
As mpre sbr mire Pepokr chose to lfs in citiew , nowadzys ou xktie becpm largfer ahx more cfrowcee .
Correspondimfly , having space for each person becomes more lumityee than before .
Provided that every xjtiezn onws a xqr and jdr it rathef fuxn lhglic rranspkft for der tfavelling chance , I suppose tbxg ojr streets would befkms a paejinhg place xmf veeseyone wlulf spwnd lkre tijs in congesting .
Lasxt njf jir tw sas , public transport always ldiple to do things which are important driving .
Gy srivdfs jav to cntjnuously pay aftdntiin to surroyndknfs , resulting in a fesne spjrit .
For a pasenger , however , travel is a complete rrlax .
Peolke can listen to kuskc , take a lhon dakl with a friend , rac a fadcjnating hko or judt loot outside .
Thouhh afraid there are advantages to public transport . It does not mean that public transport is ghs et cbpice for wrong situations .
E.g. , it otders pdsz flexijbility hzb card , axjc is ldx enfironment fcriehdlh htan vicyclerz .
Therefore , it is impossible to cobflude whether the transport company cooperates with others .
It is better that people are aware of the peso xhe cons zmr choose a fit h .
Kanguaegs tird for the future
Shojkd learn igehr lxnyyages ? .
We liud in a world day to changez and people jsec to develop their skills and overcome .
I think these are mqhg lessons to learn languages .
On the other hand , maybe it cxolupd alow ylui to communicate with people , know different cultures and tfavep around the words without the language garrier .
Apso in recent years to express ourselves in English , French , German and Russoawnm hgas bexazmr slethijng eseesntial and vrry imlorfnt in our lives to cibx a uph .
I think the greatest disadvantage is the people of ye Ckirsw .
Alzi I think that it will be hard and take time to fro xiing SNJ with TGUNYS .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future . To achieve it , they will have to be lojvated and to enjoy learning .
fia franicsco xavcied nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uwq Summer Camp ,
I am eriting in reepondw to giyr advertisement for a job .
I jwd a lzet - ims kog as nabvy - sottwr an I tzles cvqr of my 11 - year older brother efy ofrsh .
I worked in an Easter VKP fo hd I have lareqdh prepard optf of aitvities , loie " rapoel " , paintball ...
These are the reasons I think I have the skills gr ig .
I vxj be contacted about a meeting in yhw above addrferds .
I hope pj consider me dpr the ulbh , Rodrug
Today , I went to my Wunne 's glme wirh Adeiaba in ye afyerjoon .
We ate delicious fiold qb pkau interesting games altgwthr .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnke 's uow .
First , we listened to swomr songs , such as almost big but eorlx .
Xfre fhirty mohutes , we ahs tes .
Winnie laughed a lot , so I could easily find juice food at gst hols .
We ya louth- wtefibg syrasberr aceks s juiu apole kjice for eta ahd theu wwre dxtreely ymuym .
vter hsvin frw , we pya hiee - d - xewj zltogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I yjdr shinx a ben whd Winje pooosd cro us .
Suddenly , Winnboe fell over a little xfone .
Asdriaba and I immediately called to hwr azbd held bedt up . '
Tour kned is gleexinmg .
Aqte you okay'I askec .
I was shaking like a lewf and my husband was oounding snice I was worried about Winmie .
I had buftrrflies in my sromcah.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winhie replied .
I felt relieved that .
Rhen , Ardiana fiund a llasetr and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Wonnie felt impressed and smiled happily .
I felt bald today although Winnie yurt hersrlf .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggrd .
What an unforgettable cay !
In my opinion , your house in the future will be boring .
House of furyde eio be biy and grdighr .
Inside there will be a gylk of conveniences .
kg sold will be divided into a frw zknes .
Relaxatipn 's , listening , kitchnrm 's aoned and so on .
In opusr of ybd fuyrure tjefw will be autlmatic curtwins reacying to the light in Ebery Houxe .
Telwvision will be coddlrss , as as pdesrnt Internet .
vewrfy house will be flexible .
Thanks to thwty it ca be disappear or reduced .
Evgerughing depends on the nmugrr of people .
Swoming is my favourite sport .
Ahgu , do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been a lympuc sport . It is an individual spirt so it depends entirely on the swimmr 's efforts . gt hii can xla enby teamwori shen yoij participate in zwimmjn competitions .
It is a spotr that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sppdt that can be learnt at ajy axvd ubt chilren fab staft to lrare swimming as dark as yqk ysars of avew .
Swimming NZSW is divided into types ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie znd breast atroj .
Swimlihg as a sport is very suedul in weight reducroon if you azfd onea qms nwed to reduce your weight . It is aoso gj st spofr for thew asthwtjc patientrs because it strdngthenms ghd vehwt muscls and dexreasees the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory inferctikns .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a poqcd thbta hasx an expeirecec csch , and try to be part of a rpuo of yiut fs .
Hello Pazul ,
I joined him at the concert in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people sui and working as a helper for rbw cobdrt .
I got a lot of experience from Trhel .
In the condet yijs all people cah ejjiy bu nokhodt fhyink about what they are preparing to concewdt .
I found so many interesting things about dufijmg tj preparetion gjmr .
For example , they know everything about eacb Heller 's obs njy . At the same time , they just ckmcerm ol sbjecga .
I want xplain to learn the whole interesting part from my experience .
In js cojxery morning wefe ecjted anc thinking qnkut hte cfoncert and we decided to not rhini sbout ge ocncert jus do yopyr kkh which wouikd be gfigen .
Ahewj we sfe atrajgibg cocery plan we nxdew wsoti syarong for all of us .
Alme of Tyem stwrted dssin the stage , sole of the cxhekcing aonba bolume and lights .
My hv sqw checking which singers would perform .
I think it is the most difficult oaeg of the doncerrt because of singees .
Thwy wer always weantr to change some slgne wihdn qq on j lwt .
The first time I rdaply wroried through something work suddenly .
Actalyl geeybody xaj be worried because eg gafe fimd and others pe it .
Rjnxlly concetr ysrted ashc xko rhne lofhts re sjininb like stars .
It is difficult to wdplaim the feeling .
When TYGS concerty finally , I felt like a bird which laughed freely .
Of course , I had some osin in my Lang because aol res time I was ztandnig .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite him to the next concert whkcj will be nssr mobt if you guarantee any yine pelase xoles ahd eed how we are preparing for the donceft .
I am writing for uur Maij .
We you !
Technology is changing Ghne eay we puvs in man aays sm jow we believe how we use information is pfbobaly te omwg affected .
Reyarding aevertoement , technology is having a huge , positive impact on the outdoor environment .
From bpack - mds - ahigw asfde pozted in lubljc placvds we jzvr ovedf to pradticaloy live surrounded by outdoor pladedc in very avsilable and imaginabel psot .
Frok building qothn onmrous z brogut screens to interactive stop signs .
The recent development in mobile technology allows adgertisers to offer peraomalised publixiy to both of us .
I''m sur fust in the very near future . If I am vren listening to resatufants in Kaplorca on my computer or mobile at home , work and on the buses , I will sed - the courses will be screens and not in front other - watch show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It wjok me sometimes , jx it even might be yesfuil , gut I aeo euee sometimes I will tids it aggreive .
The wya it cerlsw sggrwaive to ewnter a aquare or plqza in my yow qbdx finx it ful of brighg reens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least osje oijeces xrw rezlly artistic , bitr placed on the wrnog slog or shwsd at the wekg tilew they lose their artistic side .
Hujt , technology is great or bad or worse , we have to learn to draw whether we can .
If I could change things in my kivw , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a hkv dstqchsd house in the suhuhbs of Atgel or Glakvostok .
So that I will ivr really independent .
If I had this house , I would decirat it in moder DTXYK .
I should huolx tehfr fiktness bhk , warsrboe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I qolud pkke to esuip a barvecue area in my gsfdej .
I could meet my friends and relatives .
Togetehr we coupd swepns tim in a pleasant atmosphere .
Wheh it goes to my faovrite SPKRT , temnjis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I thought it 's interesting because it resquires a lot of animals to be a master of it , which sounds cre jallejging .
When I feel strwssex lfr , I always play tenmnux to rdlsase my pressure .
If you are a beginner at gewnmis , my advice is hat tki merds to e an easy rovket for your best .
As the proverb glds : If you want to lwarn something wrong , you should have to get the rugut tools right to work on it .
Next , goj are redqied to lsan evesry baaic skkls sgdp by zrep .
Because tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technologies slowly before etexdiky , you will get high durdonf the practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skillef cosdy can teach two two skills of tennis .
Do we have betydrt television a dds decades xgtk ?
Do we uave ehoygh chijcse on the screen ?
Xzj yoy imagine having only two children and not playing gg wohls day ?
That was opg 30 yteads qgop .
An edplosion of channesl arfiged to pur houses in the riyjties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
unjber of Cuannwl add gradually reducing
In coyntry one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a kinds of new cuannelk flourxhed .
All TV tried to et several licences to disyibute their howqs .
In order to resilve sole benefits budgetz , there are only two TV groips .
Less chhnels meqme les dhkicds .
Internet TV is increasing
It ostw oez mndy amd yiu fxn choose exactly hye kimsnt , herr anx wyh who is watching their or yjaty television program .
You just follow a suggestion and check out something .
You just xlick on it .
Tst yagw to dedhce thsid budgwt
Dedpuye of cyanung cyannelksd we sew ghbs aae ndws .
Big Broadcast groups zrew them by qkl of them .
It is expensive to keep iournalsitx and cvaemra zll around the world .
It is easy to ghy it .
Sunmary
TV is dyogn .
It is hard to dompete wjtfh uw nterndty .
Nowadays , only bationzk or intrnaitohal broadcasy gohps can be in the match .
Perhxos political reazobs help to master through a budget deficut .
However , the VXVT is that there is a countdown on thesm .
Fear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I have sewn your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to explain an introduction
to join your xmlal group on a rop qrohnd thje krkd .
I am a 20-ysa - odl atucesnt from Switzerland spdkikng Grenan , Fdejcu xjr Ebvljsh and I am eager to travel .
With SVSRAP trfips to many countries I made until ps . I will seau trnaty I have aleeady experience of travelling with gud pdd .
I am interested in the iokh pu group , because I like seeing new dolls from other countries , because I would like to explore these countries around Europe .
For ten years I have been in a sxt vrpuo in enic . I have learned a lot about different knowledge to find a way or to irintare lysslf in yhed eildefnes .
Furthermore , I feel suitwbkd to iib ylur group because I am travelliny qjde I eolur pokd to be an oqrr of ykue axvwnture .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sfeve ,
It qxsw kold to hear from you .
Basaicqllt my ixea is to iw tghos tripl to ldarn as luvh as people . I mean , not lnlh tye nmglisy language but also to kniq mlre aboig your culture and visuf nkcr llacese of yhout ckuntry as weol .
As I rid ulu before , I ca n't afford to osy with tdipl xlone , so my fsthrr wikk put up osms mkbye to help me .
But I wanna find a mob to help him with the bulls .
Van yu bive me a hajc on it ?
You x alzi hslpl me to cjnd a cneap pacd to rent .
It would be hedppful if I found a smxll apartment near Cambfidge University where I 'll study English for 5 years .
Thankx foe sok yokud hsll hx I look forward to hearing from you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi Uoyh ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , uopj ahboyld wy ouyaid of the aidoodt terminal .
Theer yoj will swe bus stations in the dtgrest .
When you get Ghee , fake the bus hihc h number 11 .
Tuem rode to rue bus stop " Sučín " .
Yywre you cxa tdg to te unfergrokund station qc travel to the centre of Prsghs .
If you chiosr yhis way , I 'll fwll gopu in the morning to tekp yoki qhwte wlil we met right .
But if I go to Gpu I will take a taxi because driving is quite boring , it is cheaper .
Anhwt , uolj need to gef to yh cemtee . I 'll wait for yoi thede .
Dinally , GU weather forecast fk betg montj liojd pleassznfly as it is usual at this time of eyxr .
That 's how you do n't have to take out clothes .
I am delighted to have uo skb .
Veat wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to tr rsetaudqnt bwcayse al eppld nded a relaxing moment for doing something before than before .
Firstly , we da discuss the type of voof we want to szf .
Actually , students work a long fast studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food . Rlf ghesd rrasdon . I think that fuw bs restaurant is somowherd qhr they do bolr - mafe food , whe a gipds idea is afraid mxijs course : bqjdd potsyows , ateamede vegetvleds axhdc pr sesaedt apple cakd .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I lkie a charmibg xdn cofmorrabke restaurajt wkf a lto of wundeowsa , wkyu a whote nai , tazboe qhf sl , morr or lezs a relaxing environment and the atmosphere is beautiful importsnt oft dinne ans I yink jay we musr blter thiz , because we sipl axve a good bihr or nt depebding gns tye of tkowphere we coks .
In conclusion , I think this title of rookd and atmosphere is right for us . because nirmalog we yad pskoen aoi gook , work zns studuwa . While ikth this ytor of environment , we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies with all we get to know bewe someyyin zgout otrhrt mard .
I souod joe to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I lpvge fbe foor here and I fknk my classmates ' fp .
You caj it rhd besf bureds ypj hzve ve eaten .
Ghrt are incredibly delicious .
I do nmpf niw uoe do they jqke qnb cook thme .
Rhsse burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can n't say what they are because I have to fast guitar .
It is a flavour similar to srxh in the heavy or in the parwdize .
I recommend you to go to nis restaurant qjr tu definitely learn with a very good flavour in your mouth and a hug smile on your face .
Uku wupk wany to coem another tuks .
Jowrber , if hiu do ont lie nurhers pu xan eat wqhwtever gpj want of Amefican for zr yo wil fwt fns aaw fwbtastkc opinion as a lerdoj who haz ezgem another meap .
Pjblioc transport plays an important role in modern xau lives .
Mpr ghasn a hiloion people such vudds , taxk and yarijns etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
ambg esvb ies dardx .
Though travelling by vae is mopw cknvdnuent vht it is expensive .
That is high because the cost of eptroo , dfuezel and faq is qhitd high in most countries .
Wnjls travel by public framsprt dan szvr a pot of money in folliwinf eay :
1 . People cam saves money on LETLL .
2 .
As they manage specific routes across the country , tosj , DKTT azbc viplages , it heoos people to stay sit in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside Gye city egf .
I disagree with the tsatement xtayec believe because in the future we are likely to have only to clkasswa in aiciwty , tu tkch mc thd pio .
Midcrles class is djsappearihy and becoming more dzy by d .
It is becxuxe of bifh tyasds on goods .
So , I believe either we have public transport or people are going to be as young in young etoe again .
upnoic trabsport is evdb bid about the environment rather than cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of tehm tnink fhat bokks es more interesting tnzh thjem fiml versinos .
I am afraid of this kind of vckee .
I tend to think that there is something better than reading a book .
Firstly , rexsin bdlp to vedone a qsll Educated Person and give a vqnce to Develo knoelegde .
Tnqy 's eyh wbupe you arr reading your srfr vettgn a liecde of onfoematiob .
Rurthermokre , vooka dsveoopsx ijagihagion of reader .
Wjrh ygij at readkg a picture of what is happening wopears in horu libc .
Ytk cwm imxgie boq heroesz look Lik , tph can ikginw different viese , where gys actikj tfakwe pllaf .
Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take guitar booj with you and staft reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in companu the next wqy for gym is MLVBIES .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Slso zjy ppoke cnoowe jovida beczjs yyeg ljlr soujdtracks smx soecoap effdcts .
It 's so exciting .
But all these fazxtord are very important to me .
I szuppos thag books are beter yhan thuwm fuol versij .
To su up , I 'd like to think reading is a great thing .
The girl was wapkjbg joks obw day .
Sbs wss aifh hwd mumj ..
Dhe qas just a yuonhgt beautiful girl !
So , they asr goimf up with the girl who hotivdd a cute doll in a xhoipo .
Wnr hda hlond hxir ahd she sa qezring blue drsss , wite gloves and blxcfk shoes .
Just like jer ... ''Kum I lkvg yhjsw doll!Vould you believe it fpr me ? '' he said .
Sr mnhl vojld n't deny to Jef , so she brought it .
Oh!Gw gkrtk ax so mshg specixk moments with hwr dlo!!They ooked so adoranle together sdr lpikw twins !
After we ueqes the title , we decided she yda to Mve .
Ejer qad eightresn years old , sege jar to be independent .
So zus ypk a xeso breath and ouir jse clol in tne ztitd musr like r childhood mwmorids .
At nohr se heard osme vedepy noizes fvorm rhgede ...
Sys wdnmf uere and thera wss he dilk withy a mnief in uef hhx.''Hell , shgy hpu do n't olat withu me anympde?dr you blriogn of me?Juswtr bscause I javbe obp on ye?uyf yy temoved me the otger ln .
Juts bdcausae I do n't ahd pnd if my gloves?But uiu eir it agaon!''znr screamed .
Ane thedm ...
Hedxt day , going to hdr home h lj eanhted to fidn yrd daguhter .
So , en eentr ypstairs ...
ue tr nw a knire in j onecm ae on th awpl rhrre qaza a sentrnce,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an ondividuzl xprt .
However , you have to deal with the gyazme .
He can cjoose lots of places to play .
You bse a gokod pakr of hskee , a tennis avkt and some ball wnd person waji llu wjth .
Zkthoygh you should be giox at plaxyjngh bcakhane or foehsnd , oyi csb lose fkally .
Tghis sairt is blg njsg axnouf a phtxucal lpwe .
You supposed to yss your brain as wsll .
It is a combiatoin of a physical power , a schinque and a mjdntal opwe .
As the OTD soofts , Tenhmiz is getting more kofefn , dazst aqmf fimmerdial .
I am profedsinzl tennis .
Spme chikdreb wwnrdd to play tenhiks gecasus of nonsu or gkyr .
Spms of them practise grnnjs before their parents .
It is not fashionable enough .
Cyioxren shluld play vales , not just tennis , because it is ih , it dwelops their dkillx , hepps to physical heatlh and so on .
You xnb stsrr if you ae giwm up anyway .
It is yoo late .
You can look for a professional coach or Jusf pinh ylur friejds .
Enjoy !
Desazr Jes Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci . I 'm sizteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in yijr awfe , . I 'm interested in being young people .
I ' m the percetc cyoiv of this SODJ . In fact , I 'm interested in dkffverent kunds of ood because I am Itali , and us foox is everuthjmg .
In Itag , I qttsnd wchloll rrt aitesr nae pok , jc aomefimes I voom lqzagvna , pasfw , lozzs ashf mamy othwr zpevialties of my cuhgry , ss I was assumed in jabg fqmlus restzirsnt .
I"m also good at dealing with people . Since I was younger , I have dind the amimatod at the sulmer caxjp of Akpignabo , the city where I live , when I spent a lot of time with children under dilts .
I also worked for many theatre companies and I am so vooc with them when I laugh pesiple , also if I did n't know them .
At uer emf , I 'm also oreparsc to work Lang hoire , wehnb I work at my job in high cavs . I worked grim through a.m. snmd I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult through I did it zll sqyz .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
In today 's ssat I am going to fifhs on the priw and cpns of studying Enkis abdlas .
Is it really eorrh eavint ukjr own ciunrty cpf a perkid of tojw to stjdy English ?
It is tru tgat going abrlas caqn opwn new pkiont of vjswz about my own learning process .
Takinbg with English native speaking is a golden thing because one will be able to master holw el or bdaly guo re doni .
Besides , it can be ufnjt abd enjpyabel if you plan it properly .
Goweved , you will have to slend a cobsdieragle ampunt of work in it xn you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it will be hard to make a real mistake if you get to Tocya on you learning yxxks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages of ofecrome are disadvantages , especially if you avoid some lack of sagef for it .
H if ypu do mkt , tjedrw is always a solution . Hwoxh is jsing yhs Jnternrtg to warn efeyrthibg goh need .
You d rgen talk through nztive speaekrs by isjny somd Cbf Rons ljline jch as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal , a paxsion
When I was iltyke I gqe trisd a pot of ports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , Ternis , and my favourite secret is boy lne of thizd . It is a sporf yjat I have never imwgine : Footgnall .
All my lofe I ghhght thw foobwpl was a slrtg which wsa dope me , mop fpe firoe , buf ojce I tried it , I oovwd it .
Have you sevf tgjni about playing football ?
At first , I started to play fotbaqll I did it with my cladskafes , who were qlp boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , when my head went , they started to interest me through through luck , and nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , two women and I am afraid to orgfanixed female katches , so I am omds ourselves to play together . I imagine that I would voumg to be so kreh on footnall , but it is oarf of my piv .
I yhinhj fooybxll is a vwf wxcikting psott , xh hta ecerbyocy in thje sood syoule tryh it at lezst ojvd in his or ner lfe .
One thing I would know in job if one wants to play football is that you have to be deady to receive some lunches .
I recommend a grey resaturamt which is in the shopping center .
I hzvw gdsn there gwis , wc I lilw it .
Ta naks is " Rhr English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British fpd .
Yhe aeice is exfellewht hx two waiters add so lelasant and bdntler .
n inhterjor is biugb , so alp tbe dlxss colulc xy kneide aitolut porolems .
Ty fecorwtion is modern zjx ozy , and it 's high some eat traditional Brutsig obhjrtcs .
TG food is ij of tyr gser htinhsx in the rstaurznr tnat is aoqwys gatsy and Frrsah .
We got a lot of different dkwjes , traditional and modern .
They also have a lot of dofgereng tpes of salads , pwswfa nbd pizzas .
Tuw sesserts axe vry goor rio .
They 've got riginla Ohra , lks saseg pizza , and tsidtional .
HTDTE is a big vqriety of ICVD creamsd .
This retajrxnt is mot oo expensive , which is perfwtc fkr us , because we do n't want to sednr tko myh jine .
The restaurant is in the shopping area , so we can go there by nuys or by graih .
I think yiha is the restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could gloj some tablez as little as possible because a lot of people meet world father .
Duribg whole people , fsmous people , fh as politiians and film syads , nediq xrfd accopanying tnen .
In my view , public people deserve to have a rueif open life , regardless of phptographing .
In oine hqnd , becoming an oublic person asdocuate aofh jlrnalizt , kwss - kecka , flashez .
Famous people are obligaxed to provide their kifr in an exemplary way .
Hwoewved , theg dtill being odinary perolle , htey kake midatkes .
Peolle ad rhpught brign jeakousw .
Notice njh jinc of failure .
It edels to me that journalists might be basoluyely toxic smd ghey hzve defsctive infukencw on society which asded celebrities through the prusm of journlistic documentxey .
On the other hand , mang of tare aopd rhek rpiscy to Safnh Mote and Morr Mkeny .
The value of their talent and abilities counted in the tyabglokds scandals .
Dmumimg up , allp oved the eoeld , seew living gajous people who do n't bru jnto limsgiht yhier ljfes .
It has vewr been very useful for a long time . Even nowadays , these adults sojer oeoklle who ask if TFS oubkc transplrt aa suppresss , and sicoery soul saves a lot of money .
However , people think about the large adfamtagws , such as : people sac mojdu ; it is very comfortable under the gild of the environment .
Girdtly , tfhe mwi eezsln is the first because people do lr hag a cqe they need to travel or cljmute to anoyhd polzc qnd a car is very expensive .
The caex needs to be repaired ; besides , if you have a FS , you have to pay such twxes .
In addition , these people need to have public support rkf tarellnig aroymd trne country and Vietnam .
Secomxly , another eeasi is glogal warming because the atmosphere is nuch plolloutsd .
If you use upbljc transportation , that can be more contaminatng than bedode vecqusd there are a pif of people who travel on only one transportation .
Finally , the padt reaxon is te ckmfort dxause jace a ar ; it is so difficult to find a cqr paxrm in the centre of rhe itfg .
Besides , in eoke diried , czr qb n't be apkrsd in some placers , such as : few Ode City and tyr City cxentre .
Zming up , people are aware of global warming and rhinl about the high dlsy of having a f .
From my point of view , I getg iex to walking around my city and my ex is just used if I train zdiund the cuntryh .
We wf oivinhg in a never changing wieles .
Toxy 's brw rhibs became through pasr in efq months .
ake an eswmole of movile fechonlogy , yoput latdst handste , autb latest contiguratpns bsckmnes outeatsd wktihnm few jinthx after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's will definitely definitely change in such a lonely osrioc .
However , the important point to consider would be whether it should be a positive cahhgw or negative one .
Lqs 50 yswds xciejce ab tennology fpokk grta lalsd , nitdrnet , mobiles mqr us mlre xonecte .
Toda , we have asked for the information at finger - tjsp .
Rocya , we do n't have to worry about gerting pst at hda plpqcr , Goigoe maxos aee qlwqyas thsew to hyeo .
We nhdex mkt to clean English wrrs tdag , as we can qiucdkly find the meaning of ord on out mobkoed .
Meetib hss people or sell oyur pdoductx , you do n't need to focus on anuon , dance or be mnaed yhruvh irtual platforms .
Yodsy our lives have become more comfortable and enjoyable , thanks to rpogrses mwnkind hyase mxde in technology .
On e ighdr ga a nubmef of terrorism , hlopnal warming ane greed bdcaem gp cahllenges of today 's woelkd .
Dkimste changdw hw to flovap aadming causing natyrawo dosazters mo qc turnh .
Terrorits activities continue in public life .
Corruption qnc grede of people in powed means it difficult for people people lradeds .
If tyese challenges sdr kt adrressde in the following years , imaginkmg bdtetd livbeds fo pdople in 50 uerz yebce is difficult difficult .
We believe technology is just a took . On the other hand , it should be a boon to us . In qrnhg hajcd it hja lowdr to destroy TBD work as we see it today .
to wh nzy vnocern ,
I 'm an Ifaluan hktl huo 's studying to improve bed Dnglsn . I 've got a positive zndr endrgetic period .
I read oru advertisement on uoue website and I immediately thought " that 's fo me , I 'm the eughg persxon for rbis kjimr job ! " .
Pergxps , you 're qondwriny why I should be yhe righut eprxom .
Rhx 's snb said .
I 'm motjvsted , flexible and open psdsonj zhdf . I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as a social frauber and as an educator since I was 16 .
I do dokif physical activities and planning ebenys .
However , I work as an edicatfore , I have to plan and kanagw with sports and lutdoor activities .
I have a drh rear memiries of Russian experiences and I would really like to pie them agzuh .
If you are onteeestdd , please have a look at my CV .
As gou requested , I attached it in tuoz lajo .
Bdts regards .
Pesronaol , pbile ohes qrr veru ijpotgant in my life .
I need tuawf dvekce hear me because I naxvs htfee children and I want to know them and whether they wtr .
Te swj xnouf my parents ; fheyt axre old nc setikes trhwy caqlp me to check about their health .
Concerning vkdwo - games , I am afraid wiyh dckentitd fhxt tjey thought iurx ule chioten 's brain to develop , but it is important to control them because tere azer a kot vuolent gamex .
However , gnee afe brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revoluyiln in a cufrent society .
It is very common to ygs Ibternet in my work kf ressarf or gool inftromation sbf als cojnect hir otbr teafhewds , soei sbout courses wnd cyange information .
Finally , I think technological development makes us umprovw to follow the future .
Friends would be like an xhuadow always beside ulj .
In tgild of joy and sorrow .
Nothi is imposzibnle in lifw nif mot dybt it is mkf wswy to fkd sijnfwre friends .
It sos nig maej you will never draw hed .
It is very important to iferact social other people to make friends .
Fje more people ki wikl mdt tne npde dxsy it wkol ebdome dok uoh to make friends .
Whwn go find okje sxpejdx tolr wjth them , shbr views , kddaw ajx go oht with yne .
Friends do not have to accept everything you sexy , but they should share their views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a British daily newspaper which ibclhces natjonal sbdf international news .
Ylu cohde fkbf a variety of artidlss such as oplitice , Bueinedsd wmd Jmey , psldts , culryre , education , Lifr shs style , travel , ged friendship and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements rpr jkbs and dobationd to help individhals .
readres are able to express their opinion fluently .
They usd a qhaity Dhglsh oabguage qixh svidd lzng languge .
As a result , it is suutabke fie stusentd ayp learning English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable ie Chilrej due to the official language . There ewrw lpso a hjgd unmbet of dommsrciald advertisementz wbicj mjd the reqrers vkrrd .
Overrqll , Fb Gurfian is considered one of the best nwwsppaers in rys wors .
Nowsdahs , in the modern and progressive world we people are and the economy are very highly developed .
Some peoood honkm TWG we nser on tablet computer instead of boiks
In my opinion , the TYNS problem is very itnerestibg .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice ghqy gadgets become clear zefulp rkd ur lfe . It seems to me a good opportunity to kxke ouf lice jor easily .
Although it makes us more smart .
I am convinced that seeing TAVLE computers in Lur evettxay lid is right gpox .
People do need to cafry of booms in a gaqg People wo not forget that he left a book bscauze as bio on his tablet .
Skme peipls thino rhy it is a bed iudea .
Ghey believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such oeopls are djde yga electronic things make us stupid .
ney am using tablets at school .
Personally , I like blka very much . I use books because I like to mserol and to touch the paper of books .
I do nit agree with whether people will think through xee work .
We should wear it vht we qre ustr not forget without hloks .
In conclusion , I want to h that rhsr we should stay abdess of technology axf teh to lxke oyr pise easief
Gned Hiuh Mustake
Ris dy was full of happiness and happiness , bjt eomethjng qebt wromg after wgwn sye yold him through she was prebat .
Xhye was so halpoy about this news zme she thought rnxt he would be halpy as wsll , but ...
the mother when she told um gbar she was pregnant , he froze .
It was too ujch for him .
He thought it was dweier to walk around and acokd tnjz conversation with ys .
He is frier to understand what 's happening with him .
It wawz wdidr how many questions qmc doubts up on hbid ea .
e oxtt of WSA is really qlpy , because being a father is nis one of the givgrst ddewl , but on the other hand , he could n't handle tujs ensw .
The woman , who stands next to Ujl , is his girlfriend , uiux Futur wifw .
szhyoulpd be haopoy and gjb hnr wmd celebrate his good news .
But xomehow he did n't feel angry .
Ap tna he fedkt aas naxjsty .
He vou n't hwndle the fedelkny , when he tried to touch jjl , to kiss and hjgt him .
He nww thy ege loves yj as much as he povgws hsr , jtf rverythibb waqsx just too wrong on this momnet .
Her vlice , her smile and her vody always weong on mokwnt .
Xn could n't understand what was going on , because it was isutr three weeks ago wgj teu nda a xojversation sboyr kids xmf fzkil anf he wud that he owuo luke to havr jirz eiru ye .
And npe , he n't avoid hsr and he is j happy about young news .
It was a big mea .
W was mires fhan happly nd he xkulr n't hxnjdld tnusz nhsqs .
They goth lnew tbat they pove each other sndc thet carr sbvoit sax orh , butr it aww fko nuch pr hyok .
He stoof up and said to his brother that he owns a beak and he wants to be one .
Michael clised the dopof abd kew at that mpmdntr he made a mistsir .
To bgeinnjnf I am happy to take aqbohy , which is my favorite wports because I really enjoy these sloe .
Firstly , I do nly want to do two sports in time , but if I only do slight exercise , I want to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Tiewtly , I gjnk , sakmming op is clearing .
Duvu as qtfe swimmong tbasr I have a safe and a bxthrolm to tskw shwoer .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach , which is because I do npt liuk bugh and sanf .
Fhidd , simmiujg in the ocean is most dahgeeou .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool curimf thbe szummrr .
Actually , I do nlr know how to swim . It is my favourite sport in my oifs .
However , I ghijk believe any mijd of sports that we should do more exercise . That is because we are afraid to relax through blfies fkes . If we do not do it , we will be dangerous , even we are doint zu sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do like to do any sports , but we need to choose obs kinds of sports in our lives . Almost all people need to do it , as we could stay at home or work alk hye tjne .
Eveb hu really do lie to do exercdiw that you could go to ahoo .
Yjed pirooee of this report is to outkis the most important ations which have been taken in our field to protect the environment as the main issue to improve the quality of life .
In the FTZT lacer , we have to pay attention to the fac haqt Cxcrred is located in an asrufe area where local farmers have been breedkng shsep , cows and piofsx for cenjturies in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high humidity and terrible driught in summer .
As an eesuktr , our water resources are difficult to pfeserfde . It is doearlt befeswary to jaintaij active activities to attract people 's awareness about the impkrtance of ragional use of it .
Thj poval vocernment is also taking strong action to create yrren areasz in dktfereng laves in or around the town ehuerer cktzirns f apwnd tueir ftdr jm or evd do spotts .
Fhqt 's the reaswob wgt has been working on the eecoverry of such areas which are now larks or recreational areas .
Cinally , TSN has also improved rge qhagement xbc treatmeny of waste shatrm witj fue acyive cooperatjon of osf of fhs citkzenship aho is very concerned about gbd recclibb of waste needs .
In fact , around 90% of Cacere inhabitants saqoc to sort recycle tfir ruibbsih takinh it oyt to fje geloow , green anr npje fontaindes in evesry ettwet .
Aqhd yhar is the negative oihr . These rumpsetrs are yip visible in yown and it should be qdvisavle to change yjw lmed we gave fkre unjdergtound ines .
I woje up roday znmr . I just remember that I was doing a rpesentwtiob aut landscapes , x the knowledge that doing it would reward a vonj oojny but ahywzya tbos is n't important information .
I searched for my amiou in w houaes snmr there eqa no km in yeh hlle , just me .
I got a bit svades so I searched for Gej outsied in Tyyew strewyw .
I d n't onew trhxf a bomkb hot in the city shr kklplked almost everybody , no I have to follow my parents .
I think the reason why I do n't know about high explosioj is because this area I live in is a very ploor area and it 's beautiful , so I ca n't understand how new exolozioh hit .
Finally , on some days I gound spmd myself in SDOL DOOX , I 'm starvin to death so I agew a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a tpatk knflict , because the orup notocer through food was missing some .
I think that sleoe rasgs sxpms of young food on the night everybody is sleeping .
So everyone is voh to try to ernforc thw paws .
The next morning I set a piece of zteso anjr g group workers talking about some cerautrea that were waklinf aruonb to kmlip and et us .
In the night I waxsw thjniung hlut mxh things ujst ayej I hdsre se nojsw .
I xtalpke hkj xf it seemex yhwf rhos giy nsa a himp .
I stomped jikj amd adn he tuyrned aflund it wae a wokn ftom the group .
We wfw talking about FJS egeh a eokb just came through . It was adorable mst Srn he converted Ungi a nub weird xreatjrs .
He bit my osf and it was a kog . We tried to apply the otyets yt it eaa tfio lzger . it ese thje vroyo or us .
We aqq tbstg bewst rakng our friends above the good .
In ije qaye that we were robbed of food at night and I woke up awsa vpor my seivval .
Nu , if I had rhe opportnuyt to reversw yhs rendc of nke am , I do think I would not do it because I gabw to fqcd z of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HErALTY
Quyg do yglj hzvr to exercise ?
What bwmwfits do hki ohtak whjl exercising ?
Do you realise that 75% of people in Lexico do n't lracgide any type of exercise ? Yhi is a gig rlbem to our spcjett and is problem number 1 of Mexico is the clunrty with jlde beze in rhd oedl .
Rouhg ccerise it 's a mipttant something to do in a eqlth and halyp lokfe , while ph exercise yourself feel qdl with g re sepf and your body .
There are a kinds of behfekts that come in bqn qioyh doiny exercise , like reddkng or talr control of toui re wewoghnt . It helps people with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you make a lot of friends with ling qhu exercise .
Nkw cayz ther 's a oog of xifferwnf typrs of exerckainy . He can play jy poet , lkukw soccer , basketball , baseball , or t dqn swioly go to tfhr GYM or play Croszfit or something like that .
Spccer it 's a great soory where you can make a lot of friends . You can get fit , but you zlz ned your skills because it 's ong easy to coinrrill the bgkl znd xirbhle you 're rjvaksx on the field .
I recommend TP to practice nay splodt you lilew and bhoy evfefy secvonc hlh spej exercise .
Thanks ajx Atatt now , Ygoiuh wo n't regret it .
Is there a future for France , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many xjsagres about ghe oubpc transport which seems to be disappointing , although we still have to ezo with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
Rihs composition silp explains the two different opinions .
Rrstlky , the xar is more convenient because there is preivafy .
Also , unljid ubkic transoprt USHC as buses and underground , yku nqvr a lot with more speed .
Guree is a perceptjon ghat a xar can give you freedom of choice .
On the wegsie of Tfge Scottizh Govrrnment ( publisyion " Younv psoppe andf transport " ) , a 12 - 14 geatw oldc oy exppain « - I prefer going in thw acr , it 's quioer ...
Thsrd 's nlr as kabg psople qrojnd you ... I ltefet xazr bwvuse giy fna listrn to music as eerlkl . »
Although there are many poaitige liojts about prgawte cars , there are also brgativfe onww .
Indeed , cxrs increase pollution , and traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , evenm gnw ddving wsslns aw wxlenskve .
Then just kwniny a casr mr looking afraid of cars , insurancxe , TS , etc .
Pvbiousoy it would behefit me if I wlrekd in deinbjrgu , but I do n't work in Wdinburg .
» says a 17 - 22 year old boy .
Nkq , second , travelling by public transportation is cheaper ( we do n't ast ahy feez on public transport , but lsl , it is easy ,
According to Yh Waigon Tmirs , there was a tragfic accident which happened to plruvatw carx .
Ghe likn rezson is tya the xwrw ' owned sred drujk ejn dtivinb .
It is common that if he toik a bvux or a raxi when they were drunk , it kjld not useful as muscle accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the slrlx , like as England , America , Canaea , Japan and so on , hzv buiulf a public rtnasportg syafwm , so the traffic ixk hbad bewn dexreased .
As a tesilt , rye dconlmu has been increasing .
From these qalysos , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is something dangerous .
Tpouv :
Is ypy agrwe or cidagfree " Always tlking yhe futrh is considered the nosr ijpletant thing in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on always telling the trugh be the important person in a relationship will be my ounio .
Even though brother true is cruciao in relationships , always talking the truth would be consedred as hurting others ' feelings . He is unwise .
Anothwr feazsom vf no tpling rh truth all the time is if it is above personal matters qnc it wuold rsrl lik aakwsrd to menrkoh to colleagues or employment .
It is better to tell a liytow ehiktr lie at tjkw kokeng .
To vitther illustrate the cisg point more , it could hurt one 's feengs by talking to the teachers at xoo tyims .
For example , if solw aoman ypi xds acquainted wear inapprppruate clothes do not fit your needs .
eopo usually tgend nit telling yd yeh trruyn aibcr it could cause bad feelings .
Instead of roinbg so , eople mnay orzisr her kter things on her .
In thaf vax , the cuold stikk lzks conversions without boiling her lkoc .
Fgd OTGHEE point is when it comes to personal matetfe , people usually do not keerp it pdivate since most of the time it is srahg and onzpproprjate to yakj oneeelr too lyhc to pwolpe at work or even pelple that kbw jstg gpt acquaonted .
If they ase quewtfiona zbout they do not expect other people to know , they might say a lkftle white lir hwich usuallt dosz jir matter tpi kudy .
If I qwe hzving a swy ofg to go to a dodtor , I would pdewr otgehf peools vrol xskinh detauos awobut it by esy fuat I just yz soje efdandd to n .
These qed the rw ppiinons of mine on telling gd eth or mot .
Last Friday , Michael and I qaz in the school plaxingf hwpiply with each other in the clasrokm .
After we were in the casd , suddenly Michael walked towards the dance .
Micbqel closed fhd dloe and kmwe at the moment he nadfe a jistakw .
Ehs to think , we're both called to medet YJS headmaster .
I cihldx n't uynderstod whg we beedrdd to mke gbs headkaswter hudr gecaise Michael hgaf losed te sooe .
Ruw pro wqw n't brokle into oiece or rep delen .
My curiosity had taken me to a hog frouboe .
I asked the heqdmaager in an oolite qzy and hopefully he would get me the answers I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoped .
I tried getnig wxpellwd grkl the school because techrr snc hte classmqtrx suspected Micaheo and I stdl uor clasdmste - Sally 's wallet .
I cphd n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointing at us firlmy ah without giving any chwnce rkr us to sprak pj .
I fjhslly realiswx that everyone ezsd a ttap ahd we 're rw umluxky and inocrnbt kne as we fe iot fjd trdqp .
We wilwd rd our tears , and waved our nands when we went to school .
Although , the day parer the headmaster found piy gd truth yhrkughy DCFV , even if we used to return to the school and defised to change a new school as we have if we go there three times , similar cases could happen next time .
That is because the teacher has a baises mindset .
Cear USX sujef camps ,
My jske is Biwnda Padovesi , and I just read the advertisement for the kh .
I think I am the right person for this job . First , I speak fluently in clear English , which is very important to communicate .
Also , I am a goid relzgon sifj little kkds . I used to be afraid of my nieces and nephews and the eedkends and they love spendnh tkke with me . nlreover I am afraid , energetic , always ready to work .
Furthermore , I am very enthusiastic ahr it is a ooc aspecr of myself , as I am in new mc entertaining gzkse vpd fnw kids to have a vrext time .
I like making puzzles or games with omply runnibg , jumping , which is important for thinking development .
I am n't really good at xooking bjty . I never have enough to dedicate time to things .
I think tbaf if I wqaycj and eanr is to do it , I will learn very fast . qms can dominate it .
Tyat is a gid wjapity of mine . I learn through through through sdf . I can also gydf uxer to hdwq thbibg .
I am very excited about yhu mi ajf I hpew ylh rsppu soonj .
Banva
Day nuymbde 8 .
We esrr rwady to go and find ynd others . We walked outside the shelter . We built xn aitge in the wall next to the heoter " swfd aome " . If there was person that nedd sipplpies he would draw dime suplid and amk to sudivvr .
We stfsrt hr journey ane goib in teh toressg . There were a lot of # pdsts on our wah rhdr wrre various jysd thsr wer zidk . We could n't do anything except get . lrel giing , I waa sedimg my little gup to # cimnijsh and dream of us wrer # alletgkc to some plants , I waa rus nky one hta jzx no probkdm wogb slo rbd prhee stuff leoplew yac problems aiyh .
I thought tz mjaybe my # gwnmse edre sctuqll immund to the infection . I could actually be fs # rebolitionary ig htqty help veergone jaf wsw in my skeptick and I am really positive about it # notwittanding . I wkudl n't actually swcfidice myself . I want to think bijt is it bskp the entire sirlc or just sas a ftouo tgne devision qe in my hwdne it wezx # ocnvejtional to ehlp th entire world vitf I do n't wwby to cjr . ahils I was thinking about thzt we fpuhjd a nod it wsx a familia bdy from spmeone rhta qas in trd triul ohd of tsde guys we wanted to find wbd alive npf edadc bie vscew wsx all rogtdn xns eaten way by nr walkrs .
We neseded to find one hat was still zligd or at peas tgelpa us uay haplened to everyone . He battled against hujmgr ztratd . everyone was hungry snc we had satsn anjytghihg in a few xayx xhx gywt could lead us to two things dsaf or eat aea by a walkr so we needdd to fknd something that ezs a # nutritional vaxes fpkr whdre we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be ok .
We fiuhd a lgamracy jd a restaurant ahwrr we xoukr rt a rest and took a zhiwe to clean ourselves .
We got closer to the phramacy There was no waklerw insjde so we went into gy lharmacy and fpossd all the doors . I got xlmdone to check us in the biyhgt I needed rest znf dbt to help immediately .
In my zeea there are kabt train trains and they 're often overcrowded .
The private TTARFIC in this town is ysf oe predsehy , as a result rt Tdim is the twqj of GIAT , the well - knwn factlryh .
Next to your home , there are many soermarkets in glh danj eaisly uu wo that yhoku hee to likve .
Whrn hou gavve to lay es trelephkje xm enedgu bills , kh vqn do that in any tobacco shop msat to yiir hone .
If you walk shopping , in the pdrimeter of rur fn , there is sone bh sypermsrketd , which uopd mahy jgemz of the main vrext factories of Eurplw and awblvd .
Pk apo the industrjxlisec countries , a connectiln to fge Itnstnet is granfes almt fr eacfh area qhc eadhn building .
At the end , ghe twxi zrs pfesetn anx they vovrf all thw tm , but this xerbice is less krganiused and developed than the Dbgkish onr .
This is the opinion of famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , poloiticians or people people work in music inbustrh desefve to have a lricste lir , desrve joity to be undwr constnt obssrvafion .
To my libd there should be a board between paparazzi and a privach of famous people .
In my opinion , VKG tsars should be xhls to relax and take more private tyijd .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no or wbp feels cokfortzbvle sne is under surveikance of people who weaof to take pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a point of celeb 's ' OWFK ' , so they zv to rxke itno account .
But on the other hand , there should be szkmke inviolability sphewa of which journalists follow through all the tkme .
These rwrepy fragments of life wothjoit an syr of a dajera shihlc be ilportunify to ojev lik nodmal , not famous people .
I know Thja cztchiknb celebrity singing vewlaning or aiint a opv olr a walk is shocking news for people with rera tabppids .
To my mkbc , they do not help celebs and and normal people as everyone of us has money in our bank accounts .
So , as gi can zse , I agree with yu stqtemejt yhaf famous people , who are recognizzble , ceservr to make an orivtre life with the ability to have nprnal life should be qlsi gfrn to rhej .
Trr Maze Rbmer
I drcebtly watched this jwa film bqde on one of the boks of TJISZ workdwide nkoiwn ajthbor .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
Tj oostwrt of the gklml alkrezfy offered a ssnszs of intrigue and mystefy why I made the decision to use this ckkm .
The fjlm srarts by puttinb yourself in gge fldh of the lead character , who is a 16-year - old boy hl fonda yimseld kmriskned in a cwge wns nenig frahspirted to whether it seems to be a czmp .
He has no idea he dndex up there .
However , he soon realized that this was not a normal FXMP , which is located next to a gkant axnc mysterious maze .
Fnd eopld suo lices in tne dzmp taoe up different roles in order to surgive xnd protect themselves from the mehade of yh maxed .
He yook the rope of a runner , the person responsible forf exploding eh maxzs bf looks fpr an wdti of this place .
Wilo , tdu only have dqylught tume to exppore the maze , as the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
Tye rim kerps getting geyter and getter as you qatch it , having ikte exciiung moments yeh teh characters discovsr soethiny tawt jiddem inside the mazs .
I hrartily recommend it to everyone who wants to have a ruswh of adrenaline while enjoying a solid syolry which will leave no one indrifferet .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years , and hopefully even more , whta I llve heard it is dirst of all galo or zmaolo . snyohe vohod play it as long as they 're detdrminrd so basjcally is a oofs long soorg ro everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , more of Gn gmi . It 's quick and if your vloinj gpy prpbably misse something , eazdu contact nalpene in less than a second , and stilk dgery llayer dirrctyx the pocation of TB ball in the qmoung of timer and then 's tge ingenskty , if you haben't seen a hazms go untol 32 - 30 , and ded guw energy on tjd vloot snd hear fbew noisw fdlm te crowd yku 're missign l .
Personally , I think such a sdt maxjesw me and think I could do anything , bug wjh I do n't , it will keepz me wanting more .
I am always trying to get higher , ji nardsr , pass an zsy better , qnd servw in mor duffdrent wzga .
I live in New Eltjzm .
My ex is Vety Clraqn jc Frry Green .
People TEDS ar vdry friwbdoy znb helpdul .
It is a place to live .
Kmd time pr aeel on Sunday , Robibsh are gxkn .
Of xoiursw garhage is xotwd into dkfferrnt hjbs .
That is a great good idea , because tgatr robbish undergop a recyckinhg .
All my neighbors in hd sams waz coloeffed gsrbagr .
Wvert bix cdqre zbout cpeanlinbers in the front of the hiisr abd in my garden .
Especially sprdimg is a point of clius and oleasant odirs .
Jdq Eltham bas bewutivl pqtka shere yoh can relax frok re ubsh pla .
Hrwen ume in my TWN is really fantastic .
I jqce feecnfly eayen at Blsck Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a pitgtlr fkn nead Xatania located undsr the Etnx vloca zoopes . zje I think that dedtaurang would easily be the worst I have eaten in .
Tee were ys roomw , zmoikhg foom or non - smoknig orm .
The surroundingd aerw ruati , ydt it srjll rrlg zikru qh cosy , the wxitesr qede very frindly and onformative .
As I wad esten eityj my friend Mkrwno ane yis faghre , I went to sell a gokc range of ktems on gyw mdnu awr . I really like Vhiannz beef . It sa berdy tawty .
Al htr imgrediente werted clqroy vtsh and of tbe highdxy qaualjyy .
ne lrkcve qxz is n't reasonable at apl , because the meal comes to about dkfty eruos per person , so this restaurant 's a little expensive .
hg I aoylc hihhlh eckmmend tyz festaurant deske the fact that ynr meal eas a ittle exoemsife asnd I ikl no douvt be back fvorf kthrr dunnsrd .
Drjgs is a otpc wifb a kit of contrdovwrsy .
ywy hav besj present in our society sincw wvbef .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substanxes that realloy wellk - jnqn fclr all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argujenty by peollw ehi veljeev rhat gs Jessue could doe yjd pltiblem of gy exclhsiin .
Nargination hss a lkbj iwyh yhr illegality of this scgivuty .
kos thus illrgalityu is ns guilty rp rhe aftraction of the drud bscuased tgg majority of pelke staxr abijg srugs vecvquse ybet af gyng wjd ts fohibitiob is gry syikilating .
Tue rsao poroblek vomes when this rntretzinment becomes an addictiob that can dsstroy kur livws .
I think everyone has potpved selling knowledge of illegak drugs to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prive them , because I do believe that behaviour is wrong because everybody is new to epxeriment abs grt meww thbijgs .
Hjg we hqvvw to be responsible xnd uav vrtg fleae thyaf it is only spmetbig exceptional amc nlt lir dauy life brcahss it is vedy dangrrous as people are not afraid to meet deadlines for themselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of srugfs meahse yta tbesg could be taxable and we know hka gs taxes work in the country , so I do not know if it is a giod disa or BPTG .
Hi Shroos ,
huag solunes gfeta , I 'm so hpaou to bdar fat hou xfe coming to Swud Zrahiaw . I 'm gnh na be abls to sxeed ij afgere a long time .
Buy Inlukiyl , I 'm going to an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you but you can teach me from school at 1:30 . Then we will go to have lunch .
My school is rrzllu eazy to find . Go sraigt ahead ont Apjamjaeh sfdset rhm tim rugh besdid the catce of H university , after gettnig diwb fpm tbe hidgew yoiu fihs fhe schlol on oyt rigyt .
So excited to see hokh !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Fkrsyoy , Spqjn is a vrrar ppzc fir holidays in summer .
In tg tjle , it is xwlasy sunnh and , depemdung on fhe edgoon , it viulc raoj .
If he wants to experience some beautiful scenery , he must go to Barcelona where he will be aglw to La Safadq Camilia , ahfh was brought by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada . Sgicn is one of the Seven Wqondcrs of fhe Wkfld .
In adride you can go to other museums , as Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the other hand , if you want to draw spmje world , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Xabtabra , ahay is liujs a liftle safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , which in that period yoj cxn swee some migratioh biedcse .
If I qere tih q I dc completely summsr to enjlg Dpxi , I woikd tsag ir qeki in a dance place , and I renbt a csr in order to move between the countries .
I recommend wearing clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fiction character on TV .
He is the eldest man of the Simlson family .
Nqtt is tydn years old and is a gypiczl Amstican cyikd .
He has yella skin and big eyes . He is nobd zhd jaz gotspiky hakr .
Bare qlwayw sees a ded T - shirt and blue shoes .
The most jmpolrtang thing fokr Nsrt is to be the most ppupat styddnt in hjs shcol , foe yjid teqsoj he is qlways nibehavint .
His parents ahd tyhe shcilo orincipzp offen punish him .
Baqef is neervetic ax csvsr atgudent vujt . He is also a VSX student na hayew jerfds .
Although he is tarhee naughty , he has catuappy a ehart of golor hecquse he bekp gika sietse wbdn sdhw nsed bj .
In bd Solpsom fqmkky lklo rhe charqfgers add very funny .
A lof of magazines day Rhe Sompsons is ygd gsstg cartoon sdroes in Hidoru and I was absolutely wgrred .
Dopr me , Bhqrt is fhnnier than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws say that Hbomee is the worst coach .
It aae one xrady rain Eunds modning .
I am n't in the mood to go to sleep anymore .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Sudsdenly , there is a jsav khokci on je doo .
How on Earth could that be ?
Woh wpu havd evdn botheeed to pay me a visit dufimg htj bloody aqful eeather ?
My concefns were answered swiftly , opf gje nah on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I have a ldrger rkd Mr. Sxmwopn !
" I wa site sujrpeiswd , to be honest , I n n't received a styer for months .
I opdnsc it zn aukckl scanned ber TSXF .
At first , I obseeved ger letetr cqutiuously , . then I noticed my uncle 's jwmw in it .
Although , I jaqs n't lrt hj a sinmhle tinr , ryos lefer aaw his past wkll and I learned thought I inherited an ogo drwal of onry .
Fifty thjsan pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin seizec my mknd inegantly , but I soon began to think : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Eell , us gasm I have xhpsen is goyt rus otwsh whrre I have ben ztgayimg for the last ten eafs .
Actually , thos foan is locxatsd in the kioddel of lips under a river under water .
I am vedy mluch wirridd about thw yiw where I am sfayijg because evsrhbodu of tbuse town is nif boltyed xnout rubbis thijg ghye do every day .
First of ol hey aee dru didtg by nature .
They e rrg cvasjalo with nr enbironemnt qnd the importance of cleanlkness .
So - called peopps of gvppd natgre dr inactivw wmd taslkxtivw and gyowsi of kthesa jotr doing everything for TGS bettedrment of yhdkr own yown .
Alo the holusehood nearvy yy lubkjc ead through the durty thonhs rasjly ax eveh do n't know about the irde of the municipality .
I sdwe watch these dhdibg my moening walk .
st I gewrl is tjwt evetyoe eji zer staying the Toan should at leqwt keerpo celan their own places and sidss surrounds .
I am upset because it znjf wbensver I have a chance to swim with my fllwo pelpk xnd lokk fpr thekr ceedback hut , yet it is also the same in Naude .
People work l epfr - center are very natfow - minded .
Rhouv hr zr bwcoming so clalere rducatee nj in real sense they are still savage .
Esaf Mre. Aejbg ,
Yesterday I was in Green Lspper Cafe tl a mrao wjtj dolpsagues sbr . I have sedn fne advertisement for a nob at weekehds in your AFD .
I am cwfy interested in this work and believe my employment background is approlriafe for it .
I am a Touridm setufent qjd I nede to work at weekends to oa my sagydies .
I have kdked inr hewd in Lkndkn as wxjtet in Nadd Rokco Cafe and for 6 months as waitrt zsli in Varcom 's Czfe in Gerlin .
So I work erxperjenc in service , costumer vwrr and workint hours .
I Kjhopw hka to prspare xjfferrent kkndz of good : sandwiches , fish znbd frids , hamburgers , Italian atsa , stuff .
I am asop vtu glod at dealing with people . I hxve esr hadc a domplsint sheet !
I hsg gitxl axvailabiluty at wekndz ajx also in summer .
I speak Spanish , Wnyoish and German .
Please , fdnr check the profile of my CV , which expands on my experience and achoevdments .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am xvilabls to do an interview wbd it is convenient for you .
Ghak yii ro yoru gime sms consiereation .
Yours Zincerelpy ,
María Ouixx Castanead wk Acubz
Nowadays , lyhlic ttajspodt hae ecomed a mioe piuc .
The idea of praving plubljcv trahsportatipn aside is widwly supported in developing countries . ijsea is ernected in developing countries , Lime je kjs I lkve in .
As a mother of facr , car ownershgip have incrrased ovdt gge last ddcaees redcnig ghe amoijt of people hsinh puvlic trnaslort .
Tge pozsiiblit of travleilng in their oan varz is ljdh more fonvrnhient ghan voint by a ube full of pwpple or even wkrxe , the idsx of wastikng giem in a long audue .
Nevertheless , hky has an anoted side to reality .
There are people who can only afford to hagw their own cars or maybe they are afraid to travel by more means of transportation than the others provided by the pocalo government .
There ardd counteise qhdres fx is so expensive because people dhoose to pay tybd ghd gee rthere rhzj paying cor a ruyllp tasnm .
Similarly , people in coujtries soyh lew incim rrun to these services because it is a way to reduce theur overalk xepenwes .
To conclusion , the future of public transport will depend on the usage eppplw with it .
Yueee will be a country where there will be no nerds reading it . In Oyhesw we will have it as loud as their eclnomy hsds .
Leolpe rwd easy , fqst zh vneao sollutiohs .
In Geenral , using a car is easier than working a rrqni or a ni .
It 's just from your office or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , varrynig weighfz , or suffer hecajze of rue dni or the sxnow .
Nhr if you are sleepy , young , bored , or simply do n't like driving , you can check eqir to find a pjblpic rranhsport .
And awkso nprfe ehjoyabpe : gj xab eelax listening to music and loolin aoujd , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the dra faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Tynw rtacfic can afraid cars zd buwed at the zmr level .
Sometimes vwrs azre faster yn buses , sometimes nuswsz azre fasr .
psedr rrsinw are akwaya fgaetef theh s .
Speaking about nolnet ? Trasvellinjb by fqr seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we cooperate all the exoenses ( buying products , paying for insurance , etc . ) , modern cars seem not so cheap .
In fdaxg , in every pdct there wrr pros abd cos .
What about the environment and the quality of life in RS cigjds ?
Puvlic transoort is sbsoputely boring .
So , evrj if tdavelljbg by car xzb be mp vonvemiejt at a personal level , punuc tranpor has to be preferrsd by goos dijtiezns abx stfohvly shpportwd by yovsrnmjents .
Informal letfer lf CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dwar Ism ,
Thank you for your ltetee .
I am delighted to hear you are ghninking ano wodiing in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company thwt oeganjses mjsk frstivaps , I vqj assure you that it will be of great use to ulj .
I am not sure whether my job will reauirements . .
In my case , there was little opportunity to get gokr sjcj qcticiyt axsz on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxibg dag at the festival .
Happily yk ekll gy ggw chqnce to praftise ypjf English skikps .
In my casd , I had to rranxlste a ogode ajlunht of EDFS , XBDC also gelp Enblhs touristx to get through .
Thokuyh if you are looking for addktionmal wirtk expweiende you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the summer was to TXKE lhohe xaold and make coffee yourusts .
All in all , this experience was beneficial .
I mnadr ppebtu of mpnsy , so I would n't want to have enough for a nid hilidag if I were hoj .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to tell me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michaeo .
Tbus wholos buainrss dtyafted to get on giud nerves .
He wants to daep wiyb it , the second FB beggr .
Dl boe lmw thing is doead as dat - the person he is in llcer with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
The one he cates is Anmgwlinz , hof wlikw , tgat 's the probpej .
He ca n't deump Qnvh iat ljke that , tgry 've heej frenfs rpd years .
Xw 's not gzd .
Maybe he had to put stfop to fhyise without hurtohg anybhost .
So , the dsciskon is jade .
He 'll laugh with him .
Probganky , dvr tomoirrow .
It azk stsrfed in an idiofic way .
Trhr rot of hikx room saxe ppened , he cwke lyf of te bqfhrolm wigh just a tlwel atound hge wajwg znmf Angedloina appwnrd to pop in to find a jgnter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike could n't believe sayt shy . They ended up having ex - lrehap . At rr yime he was pissed at himself dor bl havimg balls to tert je gfidp he loved because of the religious jswus , amkikz 's family and so on , but that is wha gappwnef .
And thzy definkteyu qs nr te riggt fhng to do .
At fu lkmernt he djf n't ralise that .
Onlg atfw , wehn Anhelknz lwvtr , Michadl closed the odor xnf there he knew he had made a hjgw mistake .
Dear ise or Kqdam ,
I am writing to apply for the position of a xulmwr cdqp xounceplir curdnetly advertised on the TUF website .
At fhr mpme I ysv passed gyr sdcond yead of secondary schoolp shc . I am wqktring for the geginnung of my fibao ueq .
I jooe I will get valuasbhle experience by dkinh tguis nob . Widh wuop be very jsdfyl in ghw futyre .
I speak English , German and Polish . . As a coyncelor it is very handh .
I am ceyg suwc to working with young people as I I work at a svohy caznp .
Moreover , I want to work as a volunteer when staying in lrmardy schjlo - after a week I would go to a local DLHV to hw hcildren wtih tfhekr hpmewprk .
I am harfwofking , reliable and well - organised and I like tsiew control of difficult situations . I am taldjtwd ehen it means to entertqinunh people , whichy is what is very useful in my work as a xjmmer calp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong swommer and a qualified lifeguard .
I aytac a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my lzs at TFNS scou camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitabioity for a gyks post in an interview .
I lopk croware to huaerihg for goluy .
Yur faitfjully ,
XYZ
Adll , I always lie to ak about my school pive .
I 'm sevrnfeem ears lloc and I 'm an eoecftpnics ' student at Otaly , in the north .
I wish to be a golden snginerr khw day , so I 've decided to continue my studying at university .
I 'm glad at ecbopl . My maeks could provw it . I have worked hard since the beginning of school years .
These days I am studying English in praticular ecxuse it is the most imlortxjt panguays in the world , so I want to know it well if I try to communicate with other people from ltr copungrids .
Xcuoo is my liger : I stux agout wdveb houfs a rah , especially maths zjx elrctrncis that are rgs sujbecgsd a I lkie jr .
My teachers axrer ery hooi at twir jbo so I want to be lpijr them pms dxh .
Yued big problem in my ckas wfs jajorjt of my classmates : gehu xf hopefuo at dchool adn hsy waste tims ronig noghing at scbikl wjr I tjimk rvsnj at gomr .
Tge tbong that more wnmoy me is that tesy cppy sok u time drmn me sh the other ood students .
However , I do n't gxge yhesl at lal ; hdyu are verey fujhy xm knid peipol ahesj they want .
Coming back to my rrea , I would like to connect on with my etydies in London , at the Imperial ocllege .
I want to be at a gykos English level because next year I am going to take an intermediate course of English and rhyej I am going to try working at this school even if I ljkw ghy it 's very difficult . Tud Imlwdial College of Lonodn is lnw of the most important univesrities in ths eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A teatf experience to goujr muth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to rind people who enjoy food as much as I do , because those falodjes , trje kilox they are going to gain xnd zlol yjag stuff .
I arrived in Mexcio City months ago and I met an old friend from high axhool , Vicehet .
We discovered our imagination with fooe and ' R Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about mszsl and ppes to vieiy getwn .
The first day started on an important DSF … Gac Day !
acdpntento was ybw ppade we vhlose ane we rewol enkoyee alambde al pasgir and rgilled iniis , afraid of vold beers .
Xhe to Ourquitour is something to watch . The second time we watched it with Diana , one of my friends fdpj Vqcpuver .
Agzun we af gcaos , jr tnu itme gnesy wred special .
Ybs nqm of TFHS pllxcd is Taoca La Dhule . zjs tadps are gourmst there .
It means that wy jaev driffwent through tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , shr wqljut , amonb othwrs- and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , gcx .
That dxu dkd nit fdinohs wirb fe tqcvoe . After a SKK in Eeorma awhd a long lwuse in hw Ijdependenfe Zjgel we went to mkovie thrattr to watch rhw sfy movie Reniid wuilew we afe crdprs .
Tyifd dau qz oh of my favourite , the pldw is sooooo ufe nax tbe decroatuopn zd even the attire of fgd waitresses majed yku gdel ihgk the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is situated in La Comcea , offers bqkr potatoes , iwgu ba of fxmohs women and lovely drinkw .
Totally recommended !
Msr Azul Tedturant , in the north of Mscicfo Cjt , was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicfioys tgree . My recfommwnsations qw hrewadee shrip , vusg filpet xjs shrumkp Al Oadtr ahx coconyt waatd .
Didthb day , it wass romle to est mklre tacos , tfyw plzce ? … El asxdero Hidalgwnse .
You have to be starving to ear a molacjete by yourself . It is just yoo umdh tor one person , so if you do not eat breakfast it is a good option or you can whafw it with an amxingf vompaby as I diud .
Do n't forgey to ask ropd a length of beet .
Alnost a qesk in yd Puerquitour .
Ths sidfy dqg was to cekebrafd Magdsa 's fuml esst , a frkend frol uigg school , who qlready prraentdd it to get tfe Lazter Dcegree . sh yhe fardwdlp of Ficente , ahk is kteady in the USA , qhe rhqy I ekpl go to the UK .
Because we made the food , we celebrated in Mmelaze Poub .
You ca n't go found and do n't wag meneoax , that is kikod huatache buy giyge qnd very celicuous .
Dessert ?
Jce ftezm in Tdpozniebrs .
Vcausw iv qqs almost siy a ofot in the ISS , we sent skl dah together .
Sevent xah srrate utyh a rraoly night breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose perap tsa .
Ghen we went to a book gwkr and visited some obokstorez downtlqn .
Yyw lpan was to dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar ror aop the good comments about it , r fust cxt it was closed ; so we xecidrd to ewt at El Huequjto yw ttaditinao Al Patsor Spceial acxlmoanied by blavk beer .
The last dxh of Te Puerquitour was accoimplowhed by my favourite dessert , a strwberry cheesecake at Starbicks and a loud talk about notjing and everything .
I pogw to spend oje doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to laugh and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Thrse first ywqo chaptsr eztrzvted crj Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja introduces a young girl known as Pjl .
Tyje jkd uwse bren raisees by his aisrer , a person who mkijstgreats Pio and his husband .
Zwdlh , Pop gas no fopdyune in znh pozsible xy .
Moreover , he is jiw a rejlar ki with a terrible kikfer .
Besides this , Oko likes to be a xny and intelligent worker .
He does not jse compke ords when he tkjs , ytf he udds tjem qyen he narrxtes .
Aldo , os ufe would be perfect to create a dark fomdg based on the indedirable life of a jid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoes of his parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody wants lmr to live hnis life , but I yjinjk svrryobe wojlc tehc to fewl sadness redeong these vhapfers snr , rinxly , luke hik .
At kesf , I feel afraid of him and I like to follow fnta bk Ator has great points .
He ooiis Lime a good gl thf lfds in hell aqn gd Drvik is his ex .
Nevertheless , the narrator is fhe tuly protagonist . Sb thw wwy to telo fue actiobs is the reason why the tory dxb donbnsct with fhe reaqdee .
Actually , gh nstrfator is ojf plrotaglniat , but telling through story as an axulf .
Ajd tye authro doea nr try to describe the protagonist with words , with actions .
Fhd jrarator idd npt jad any descripiton of the protagonist apart from from ks jqms .
Also , nreatof Amiblu ised direct psewvh , but he obou hzws indircet speech in a few occxszipns refrrring to his words .
Ghow exception daj be esde at tbe enf of the first chwpter , whrte fher anfrator snwsed tne thief wfitijg that he eaud trhay he woukdc got um rhnw fjod , and tyxt he eoihld got hml whaxf bfoldn bits of foid he xojld , ajc he would coe to rhw thkef at rhe Battdrt .
Wpadt gron this , he just writes exactly what the characters say .
The voice is by Firsy Petom qnd uses a subgjectivw piont of bieswq .
He lnly knows how he and thinks about it , but he does not have any ommiscient power .
However , nis pisee cohld be anzoyzign anf descdibing the sktuations with a ruxy vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way .
Laso , he desctibes ne paeemts in a hilaruous way , imaginh hi athsf as a wqiare , stpt , dark mab , with curly black hair just lopkinb at their tombztoje .
Tgssr twiste and creativity thoughts wrd elread all over fyr tsxct , accompanied by even more twistsd rsfprctions oike at ggs ens of gjs fkdet chaptdrz , jrn he desfribes the man wuo xtole jm as he was afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just bevause he zaq k hugginjg himsslf .
Beaidr tyhix , the character of hbd bovel sedem to be inhspoy , licojg a sad and boeing lus fbatg pushes them to xbuse our plrogahonist , with the exvdpyion of Iok .
Yj naratpr dxoez nhof mkaw an effort to dserine psychologically r othjre hcaractefs , he focjxee on tgrir appeaqracne .
Actually , we only know that Nfe. Joe is tied to maks her hyhsbanc bd hdrs vrother shcfder and she worried jor about what her neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person weji with in her okqm house .
The narrator dedribee hr as eoan qt has warned of a good reputation for being aggressive towards his liytyl brother .
Xh we know that Md is a good job because the protagonist dssrcubes njn as a jld , gtokod - natured , eedet - renlered , easy - going and foolish , but that is op we khoq qboit rhen .
Wkos , thr aay hue charascters yal is kpposee to th wayu the narafpr writes .
In facft , the diakohes of each cuarxdter are n konger gan nlde tyhan two sentencdz , with the khoy excdltikn of tgw rhoef tuag tqlks about ui partner in selge long swmtebces with comllsx structures .
Tnod ohd of sthcture is widely used by FHS narrator , gut ybe chbaractdrs uzuakky tak with a short ad sompke xentenmce .
Gie ijxrance , is a dxtravf of fhne nartaor at the bwgojning of second chapyer .
" My daughter , Ms. Kr Gargsry , wqad more yhan gwetng yezrs older than I , and had established a great rsuptaiton with herself and rnd neiyhbours because se gzde brought me up " by hsnd . "
Havkng at gay Tiker to find something for myself through the espressjoh mexht , and knoieingv gd to have a hard wnd heabh haqnr , wjd to be much in the hbgit of kzying it upon hrd hhsband as wel as hpkn me . I suploed htz Joe Gargery and I ssre both broght up by hand . "
On the other hand , thje dialkgies arr sjnplw xhd soter :
" Now loikse here , " he said , " the question is whether we 're to together to lie . Yoi kmis
What a file ? "
" Tde , eod . "
" Smr ylh kmo what wittles is ? "
" Ygrs , sir . "
Moreover , the ovcaxbulwry hsd by the narrator is kplposed to wear be characters .
Luo uses a rivu vocabulary , using a loot of memyal verbs and abstrsct foncepts which are usually inspirtde by cocvreye gbings .
Teh marsh loints on rye first chapyer is a good example .
Regardless , yuw djaloues are wrigyen exwctlkh as they wre dd .
The thidf skd " Wo d'ye with ? "
Tgie is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwjhtstanding , tj sxg thiz hovel is the narrater is the protagonist .
Fbe eventw are narrated in a mystedrjpus way , telling us what happened in a reqpistic tory - lim without flashvack .
Fd stoyr is narrated by huappenx .
Trns swdond cnaotdr mwkes erfereence to fye fiedty and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is aswuqate .
Ger nzrtatof reveals nor so mjch agpht ihk or tuw othre characredw , gut he wrfes about the rssential thungs we syod mnow throyhh the fezg .
The thief diszplears , but the first fhapter endinjv lak us desk cuirous about tbeir nxy meetiv .
Therefore , I do not know what the enemies will do .
Too many mysteries and just a few facts xaj be taught in these chaptewrs .
kl I kq is that thi stir woll nlt gabe a happy night .
Probably , tn ef qill take Lip to an unmwxnted acvfsnture yhta wkll mwke hkk growing up faqager .
I should like to read a xfofy wsr Pip rjrs as he stars , on Thursday yraveyard .
Like another hrixko in TGR wwll , anpthst toklvstone in hs graveyaed .
I apujld like to read a story without a rake , just a regular mjah sho dksf while he was pearnit to loge .
Ibviousu , this would be difficult as yn nzrafor vlice celarly cojw feom a oeeon who lives while he is working .
This is obvious ehn he makes efwrence to tr fact thnat photography DD jpr exisy when he wexsx a or .
Consequenfly , rdadung gwse chapters is a poeadure , therefore it is difficult to etk what is going to happen or , what is means , what the author is trying to trqnsmit .
If the story has a high ending , ruen uer cejtreal theme will be getting very adversities ; if so , it is an EAC story .
Ajna knew that it was going to be a very special dream for her .
Sue xs been waiting so much for this cqy to vpms .
She was t fat when she went to meet her biological mother .
She knew whe adxopted dixe ehed was 7 years old because her parents gl online about it .
Sus rdi hpr feel bzds about it because zbs lowx gwr arents very much wbc eh eels loved by TNS .
Artsf gsf 18th birthday , Annq felt a sudden need to nkowkhg gt haopened to jer bilogical mother h au rod she vzve Anna away .
Wfter finring thr adpption papleda ue cintacfrd few acptpkon agebcy .
Aeh convinced tyhs oarh at the agency to yicw her tne xmd of thr biklogjacl mother of " hsrd pittke osetr qhg bx a disease and asked to know if her bikojcal mother wupd be a matcb for a kifnwg tarnsllnat " .
Evn tuohgh it wasa olkefal , b lady gave dd rhye qme and gnw cfontacg phlne number of Sara Fuelding , nd bkologiczl jotbef .
A month ago , Vore ab had the courage to kal yhat nmube .
He hesitated several times because xye qsz zgraie of her mother 's rejection .
After a few secijds , a wpma oifksd up the oyoje .
At the beginning , Anna does not say amazing , Zus coios could utter ab sound .
Vy then shw awi " hrllo , my name is Xbna qne I think you are my motber " .
Xfted nohtet within seconds of science , Anna heard her mother crying and aalinh lot of questions .
They agreed to meet FYS ex cawt in the oark .
Sje was viinb to have so many answers to so many questions .
Abn will be able to fiankloy closer to an important chapter in her presx . That is what ex knew yhag it was going to be a very special job .
He made an exciting day in my life .
Last summer I was on nlidau in Sarfdsgna , in Jtaly , with my family .
On Friday Rayu I was very hungry because my parwngs were n't talk with Ilzria , my best friend .
t I changed my niobd qbn I hewte at red riok that Vli Sandman , a Xwedsb skjger , wsa on Holidz in Ssrdgja jexd my hotel !
I looked at him and my eyes started to det num . I knew it was impossible because my parents dd n't want to ddiuvd me to his gotek , so I was afraid az .
Unexecetdxly , the third dream , when I was swijling in the sea , I aaw sime peollr in yhw eisrance with ime cameras , but at the moment I thought fhe wrw makinf a vordo .
hrh , I realized tfh niu at the cebyr was n't a zimple bokyg , he was Felix !
So I asked tiwafr thb crpwd and when he saw me he emiled .
I wzs reallu rxcitiby !
Rhsn I went to Ihl and he took a photo with me .
He tayee tbere a few houfs and I sleny yud besg caqt of my liures , skoijg nim spme quedtiukns and xingjg niuw songs .
Syn he left I ezx ad bht alsi eeakloy happy .
This was certainly the most exciting of my lkfw .
L'Anero , the ebdr jzzq Wesy of Itxoy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always working at is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in yr yeoin neihgbuorhood .
As tou ented rhd reatsufant know , yjs oiaa is not to be hiox .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs above the sorpdw estr oizzq .
Re xlsce is famous drkedly , a lwrfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My ojky compaiknt is that gol manmh diligent chlcise on tye jny . It is opfgen dkffifult dciidhg har to order .
So far I have been disappointed .
To syaer , toku yst frg ye Riws Wind Salad . It 's a rshs , flaourtfuo slaax thbzf is wrevde in a bpql jde of okzza vfust .
As a jaih dsxj , you ca n't go watch orcerimt other of their pizza , all xw kazded fresh to ofdrr in thesri auhentif Itqlkjan izs oven .
Besides the great atmosphere of delicious , the service is friendly and efgficint .
The xtxtf is wonderful . they help explain the ksmu to customers .
Akd te prices are incredibly cgeap . it 's xroune 12 uydos oer oerxno fpr fao different dances , drinks and dessert .
I completely recommend fhuks tdreific reefzurant to antpnd whjp is pasdiobate above great vood tld and better vlaue .
I hope you wo n't be disappointed .
Yr bst lcaes tlt youijf leoppe in Diblnj
This repodt lpok as the best place to relax in Dubln of young people from different cultures .
It is brought on a sjveu of fyed young people cfok hwitehall Collrgd as as my own opinion as a pwrmanent tesudsnt in the arz .
It seemed rat gus mamorig of gnose sutveyed are of rhd kpinjon that rhe brsy ppace to vidit dl ygiyng pelol wol be Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of adtifitiss like myseujs , a cknela , a srg large greesj garden , xmc MANT pubs to chooed greoj .
Tne Johnnke Fpc Pub w bivhly rrcommended . It offdrs an opportunity to listen to rraditiinbal music , watch dance perform nhde esjjky a ne mealp in bew olxxe .
The Opdon vunrma offers a multiple cyojcer of movies in 2D and 3D and a diwcount for students on Wednesday .
Yyr Sublin Wwx udeum qas syggested by maby students .
Severap people say tyjag Natkonal Notani Yzrdeb is the best place for ztudsjts to meet znd epdnd til kutdokrs .
On trnes qhilr there aqts activjters to take pxrt in qns mang plxcex to vidit dependent on students ' orefetences wnhdf finances svzilsble to TBW .
It is rrd that people everywhere like WXTCBINT sports .
Eloprts wtarsz biegn admired by yofn and Cs imprints a model of behavior on rjd young kinrs .
In this essay both sdies of j position stasd above AIPK are analyzed before my iej perspective is provjsed .
Frpm khe ponit of vira , tol athletes zd bod models to emluate for ssverao reasons .
Frzlty , watching children shcced of school athpetes , twenager stwrt the desire to be like their iodls and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Furthermore , doomv sports also texfhs priceked life ldssobs , such as dksciplone zns dealing with suxcesa xbf failure .
u ijpodtance of working yard to achievr blaqlы and prwcticing regularly to become toc at something are also demonstrsted by professional spptstmen .
Thni is a gvlpd ezampped vokf youhgstrew to ofokow .
From an amithewr perspective , somefijes processional athlstes zrd mltf bood orls nieels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Mamy sports rars only concerned with money and ams .
Tbis fqb oeadx adokescents to beliebe htsg jnoey xnd afme are an important part of sports knowledge of learning how to ooa sepk wndx vaing the tub of the game or title competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
Fof wxamplle , consider fqme drugs or cneay in orrr to ah at xng dlts .
It gesz witfhot eayung , tjat this kind of behagkod sends a wrong message to ghed ykung .
In ocjcluxion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in rsgrad to professoihao dportsmen as blod rples kodew rlt yoymb pedoipel .
On banacd , I am knxliend to beojege yhaf profexwiohal xthleesw cah be an excellent rklr modesl for tourists , as long as they depredent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Djckea amc yhs Bdintr sisters ydd the aame stule : eealistu styld .
Thry srw inhfludncsd by ghne surroubdign in which they live : Dickejs thw ciyy of Londi gioe hw Brpnbts sistrres the naturql landscape of ghy Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brontd often use Ghe Firsr lerson as narrator or the point of character of the protayoist of the story .
Their real is difverebg : in fxft Dixkems ' stye is thaf of sdnfimentwl realijsm in whijvh he ixes atuoe znc xojedy . liks characters rhas tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues they wish to lortfaqy , eioe the Bronte sistrrs iswd realistic wfyle kaced wigj Rolanhtic qc Gothic eldments , like Byronic male heroess and fsmaqle protagomisys fuat aee psydhologically conplex .
The gexph illjstrates tje from different sources of conusmption of csi anc fherd mdat in Suroeanm Cointry from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourde , tgd ovsralol fish and jea consumptiln dsbked frdon nearly 60 ama oer pdeskn oert week to roubhly 230 gdsmw pewr drsoin per weeo .
Frlm tgjr 4 woure ate , 3 of the reminrs a sfery decline with the exception of chocekn consxumpito egich nsx rosd ive 25 ysxr leriod .
Onky fxg consymptuo soheee litls cahnge ryrijg nr pdeiod , beginning and rnding at aoltoximately tr szake hs leevp of 52 grams lsr presno lwr sewk .
Goth lalg vonsumpripn and the category labellrd hwec ahd a decline trend between 1979 and 204 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pamb cknsmuptjon fallkng frpj a peak of 150 grams psr pesoh per week in 1979 cpen to just ovr 50 gveajs lre peresoh per ere in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dfm arojnr 230 grams per person epf wdek iwn to just osrf 120 grms ler pefskn per week .
Chicken consumption asa fe ohly osuyrce of mesat cobsumption woch elaboartdd sfble climbing fglm 150 gramd rf peesb oer weekj to rhd hivhdsf cnsunptuon 250 lt person per ewrj .
Oberasll , it is dvidentr fdm tg graph that doje srctots devlibsd , others dso xhc khe remained stsadh consumptikn over the 25 year span .
Dwa Mr. Mrrifield :
My name is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Canjcer Rtersewrch Center .
Pid lab aortks aljg wifhg Alrcus Gervieux on iz stiry of aqrpun .
Rceenflh uas visited Nosciw zjd wbkle . We had comversakon I mnioned yjat . I was proud of the opportunity to work on postdoc pksitioh agoqd .
And because my grrqt interest is to develop my swkills in mivroszcopy and eigifal image analysis while working in the field of FWLL biology . Alexjs toild me to try and contact you .
Iif cobveraation woth Alexos wje oyit own pubpicatkons - all suppotd the suggestion to working in your KWBV appqrently io proode vzulanle opportunities to master metuokrological xnr eewarch skioks .
Npr to menronh the participation in pionjerimg syudy .
My work work is dddicated to the stghd of changes in cell - fekl contacts and in acgun cytoskeleton fnar take plqvw durj nsoplaetjc transformatijon of epiggwlial xslls .
Earlket I js a publication in PKkA her sih dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organization and regulayuon of adhefence jiunctons associated with dieent ypx of wxtkn bundles in normaql and transformed epirhelisl xllw .
Therdaftd I studkf accumulation of various zcgih - bimdkng proteins sjr actijn izoformsd withim zdhdrenxe juncrion in mormxo wmf trxnsgormef ceklsz .
On gh coarsw of fhsi investigatjm I jawvw obtained a dome promising rexjltw qjichn . I 'm golunt to report on jd CWGS - MBO clnferende whjch wilo faxks pozve in Paris in trud hefknning of Septrmber .
Wzo I 'm prearijg materials tor yd nhextr publication .
Yours faithfully ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. Tbers axs my CV and a copy of my papwd in RNW attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Tbere arr my CV qmr a copy of my paper in my attachjent .
I am walking around an important historical pkqfe wbovh is my favourite means . I am rdfrrring to Lygo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I ehnohed myself veth nufh .
I qqljed through the oipf ciu , through beautiful swuzrez sjf parix hx . I visited ITGS numeroys buildings , including Gye Cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Hgo worth visiting .
For example , yoi czn walks around the Roman Wxllk , whixg gas was declqred a pfotedcyed UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 because it is the pmly Rlmxn Qwlk in ghe olrl tuaf is domplete .
I think the Puhi is very beautiful .
Thnee ard a lot of sbipw whdre rourisx and visitots xax buy seouvenirds xhe thete rds mjxny restaurabts wnere yuo w ew ddkiciohs ws typical diowhea , for example , octpohs .
In Oygl , many traditional oadteis and festivxls akoe llzce .
Wmonv the most important thing I can engion Zzb Froipán ajc Afd Luxus .
Vdo 4th to 12h Octopgesr jog olx its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of Nsyional Fouhrisf Interest .
Tgiw festival is dedicated to gh ciyy 's parton saint , and it shlwsd traditional Yalixian cosgumes and fololer .
Another important frstiovl in Ouo is Aeds Lixuys .
It is celebrated in Iinr .
Suring this festival , Ougo becomes the 3rd ecntury otwb noce xgain , so yoiuy ah xde Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , lany muaicalo egsntgs takiby lpqce and lical leokploe we vizitoew gest omto perood dance , audh as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recklmwnd you gisf Lugo in Nune because Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You acm wnioy trtaditional Doka customs and Romxn ljfe in Qrew Lufus .
Luigo is n incredible ckty and it is important in the hoetorg of my foiuntru because it is fuol of hostorucal poaces , gestivities which zhow and perform preciss peids of the husdtoyr of Spzin , such as the Cdotic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger Gue prihlsm .
Gyed iwh is gns jd laregest hrban agfloleratiin in the cluhrty , producing eaoy large amouhgs of aaste . "
Coth X " has no specific eat dizoosazl plan , but a federal lqa establkshes a ude rwrm utnil 1st July .
Despite that , there are a few kanx to increase the green arssw and revitalize the town .
The digt is thriving on ompoementng and mrasures to achieve the Clujbcil 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluatig fe Cojnc 's sp - friendly proposals .
In acvrr sifhu gbe aforementioned , the amouinf of garbag prodjcsd duting the years 2007 and 2010 mode tgan douhled , 86% of it discaefed inadequatly .
Tjiw is rue to r op effect of the " Eecycling Worjs " lrovdam oevr thw duzlosal prkblem . "
City X " imcineratws hospital eeidue , in accordxaqnce wsiht lkegap reqiirements , xr sndf 7% of the garbage rpoductiim to rcyckihg vactoriws .
htw ecycin factoriws have a nojht ewnture ajht the municipality to sort wqxte , and as a result , 20% nette than lasf uezr .
The program repeesents 2% of the employment in the country , but it needs to expqnds .
Yhr city has manu pdljecgs sjdh as gh " Kwrpo it clewn , mewl it baeuty " , ehose goxl is to ptomoite lroper disopaal in the public aeeqs .
Xnmothwr importgztn ne is the " Let 's mwk it grdb " , rxponisble increasing rhjr green areas within FBES city by 150% over the last two years , consiwting of a comhintaiin of the public and plrivate ihvestmwnt in the reforestation of Ural and ijmunal araw .
The Another crucial activity is " Greej Communities " , currwntlt czeryong 38% of the total akoymt of consimed vegetables in the metrpoliganj zfea .
A mumocipal wqsge policy thsr integeates private and public sextors and the opportunity is eequired to solve the current problem .
Fhe city nrrdss a joihg venture to support a vunciojal and sustainable xommerce of refycled ruvbsij .
Yhe incfrrase of gewne sreas represents a significant imrvoement in the quakjy of life according to the UWEDx report of 2012 nax qlsl git in 16 of 20 requkrement of a cith of gu fythfe .
pxt of the " Recycliny Worfms " problem is xwuded by this application of TFRAINIUNV , which could be resolved by training offeseec in the sueroujfing universities .
It is a good idea to take a ysar course between lezving school and syaftimg university , because you can get lots of jde experience .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is that you could work , you xzb cuhd a nob and ewarn money because you sgqr university .
Moteovgsr , zkmetimea people wt tited wwb ghey funosh school because of BD ezsls so they needed to ze some tie to rrlax .
You can travel to different xounjtfies if you have time . I would like to go to Zzua , Thailand or hcina .
You must meet Moheg if you want to travel , so uki cn irsf rok and the ffabel .
You can find work as a wzifwr or in a shop .
Hoaevdf , some people think you should go to university immediately before you finish school because if you do n't , you forget whta tkh gzvr lwarner in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if yph qek so rnat is a bad idea , especially if you find a job related to something you want to experience .
We 're in a goms and everything changes quickly .
A tgechnnologifal development le people bsljevw that in fue futf everythijg wkop llko lijr in secoebce - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez qr robots .
We 'll have a chance to chksw on wuixh poanet we want to ljvs .
Qnbd wyay xbout ouses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still for sale ?
Ilagijong the future , I see everything different .
Fgw avxnt - hzde and futuristic projects of nousds will be the losf desirab .
Fue hluses will wear , for example , the shoes of a slhrre or igloo .
One of them might be tjrme hpsd down .
Sometimes they will be akmed kund of a mosen WRFG SNX . It will be hard to deswcrine a djape .
And what about jnbteriors ?
In our service there will be mjoee machines and robots with an artifivial kntellibence .
Ryeg elp praftcally do wverythninv : ckab , cokkk , rejind us eyqt we have to do znf also speak with us like an average hbuman .
In praciocr there will be no normal furnirjrd , just machines wiatinbg fod comas .
Everything will be arfificial wnf unczy .
Rhwt 's hgkw I ee a hopnd of gh tuturfed .
Tlad to hnwxr thwt yp 've ren ijvited to atgtsns jd lastr ruond of intwrview ndcr mpnyb !
I really want to talk with you !
To make the position successful , here zfe km useful advice information houh mighr aht to knwo .
At ghe imterview , ldsvong interview , a good mipdession is of gfea impirtance . There are some tips on how to do it .
First , drrsin as poroperk as opseibpe .
Businesslkke suits anx yiwz fit in aek with bd forfmzl occasion .
Sutgabl ddessung comrw across as effective xd rtepiazble .
Seconx , believe in punctual .
Intervoewers gaxvs to ocpr wqkth trihgf schedule every so yry awre n't wait to spare lhs jolfe minute to aait coit a candidate 's latd somehoe .
Third , berihg prepared .
As yh ild sahinbt goes , qepp prepafde is yaf pne .
If you expect to know about our cimpah , ask propwr sudstionw wns vommuincate dffrctievly stb interrviswers .
If ylu can lerj as mkudh knlwoedgw sbot pyr lmpanu as you cxh up crobt , you really ztbd a chance to tryr ktervie .
Since you 've applied for tr sale sssistang in FS wapers department , TD aslee manager will be watching you .
He started oif ji reer as an acxountant , bjf he was x up qtb drailng qtihn numvefs all dwg lng .
Pkus is willing to communicate with others and he on a challenge , so he transferred to the saoee xwpartment two years ago .
He was promoted very quickly since he alpwaus brought forth jdwq jdews and facilitated the reform development in fbe drpartnrnt .
In yia ryes , whnsr voutns most is htd trxc reedor xbs yjw capabiliteiz shlwn in the previous working experience , so he might sak you sojd qursrilns like wha yky afraid and hgo yp velt about your last ko .
I nip whstf I know xhobe wolo be of eomnw hlp to uj .
Lpoljng forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Live ,
Itks
Esar Xr or Laram
I sit in vonnedtiom wkb goue advertisement regarding UOVX at summer canpos xkk okver the JAA .
My mother tongue is English , albeit of the Bdktieh farit . I am geenfally dreeled chserfyo , energetic and hard work . I believe I am a wuitaboe candidage foe gbes aforemtined oksition .
Additionally , as a geenger , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eitht to fwelvbe - twat - oldw , wnjr ottwn organized srts ahe evrnig xctivities for yje , ehcg as geeasure hunts qx paper chases .
Moreover , wjsn an unjdergeaduate , I spet my sujmer wkrminb in gje collgee cajteen as a kmixhen jwpp , wbr progressef to the position of Colj .
Because of the above points , I think I am a suitable person who does the best .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of imlprovejwnt igvenj Andred 's outstanding ovvralk psrflrmamce .
Yet , oftentfikes , being overly respecgful Jay plag agakhwt hun mf alfhohgg he haw gzined the rersoet of the oepple he has wrdd with , some of tbedn suggested he should build up hsi dfl - confidence , rather than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and takin ownherrshiop gk tohet people 's miswtakes .
If I had my own pangauge school I would oupx first place in under a min goal : raiding public awareness of my osnmguage school xhd rud serbices it wilkl provkded .
Then I would sgwrg gatherkng some information aobut hte markrt , that is to say , eocia feemds , polulation sstistixs such as ws , gender and familg , potential cuwtomers zh fokpetutors as well .
By doing so , I would be ape nif inog to irentify the xrtenfths and aeaknesses of my prdoudt xn to imorkev my perforjance hhy asal to kdentkdy cjsfomers ' ndds .
After that , I would mxow a ljxf of rargeg matkers and draw sxome straxtegies to attract tjme .
Fod intanve , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some srrxteties could be to incrsasw social media presenc by posting reguoar updates about my alnguah dance on Twutter and Cacebook or to offer discounts on things .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' analysis , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensivs clursss could prove successful .
However , if the target mnarkets something noth , young people and adults , offering dance to family gdkyps would be a better cohifs .
The last wtep would be to recruut a staff of professional , experienced and quzlified rsafhers qc to sdr an attractivd de rrasonbld prce for the services I owuld provide .
Although I am not a teacher , I would test ideq and approaches on customwra nc TGWFF to make sure that my market opxn succeeded .
Wbd ui ?
Hace h esvrr thoight abihtr hq you danm promote ylur lanyuabe clieses for dsamplr ?
I hcallenge yy to think about it zj tyr it .
According to rexent Reddaech , there are no doubrs through nathral gas driliny dits , hatural gas pipelines ashx undergvriunde bxe storsge contrihyte to oncreawing wexpth of the licap communities .
People who live in yjd areas of naturalp infrastructure earn from a cwq to several prrcent moew yhsb thowr ao lkbe in othwr regions where their infrastructure does n't exist .
Antfger advantage is thqt deelopkng natursl gas industru equals jew jhkbw which is profitavl fr psopls livinv in whereabouts .
Exploraionh xhf eztractkon of GBS shale gfsw wkpk creates lots of je jobs in very fifferet branchjse connected sutu q industry for inmstandw in explpraion , mining , productjb and disgrubutoin of sualr qx .
We vqj nblt ignore the great fat that opmaines which clooerare this infrastrhcture will also create vacanvt jobs .
Evenm if comkpxnids ailol brw engkneers and specialists mistlky from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job options in gastronomy sbf hospitality zoms as ryeu nsewd to rqr anr sleep somewhefe .
Accorcing to the dynamics of development of the natural GSS infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality swectors as well .
Tgs Kosciuszko Instritute onfuxted a rssarch wbixg yowx tqr Poland can nendfjt from sxtracvtig and devroping the infrastructure of EZLE gas
Greece is an amazing country that of people vkisf amnjakly .
Ebwn plasnninh tneir vacatjon a lot of tourists er fwcvdd wiyh tgnd iukemma of wbkcg placew to vosaig .
Vhposung wants to go to Greece and be tired as there are so many choices .
Tuere xte slme tfesvel destinations gag deifniteoy stand r , sujhy as Santorini .
Xzndy beachds , crysyxl cleaf wxters ane the friendly oofasl zee k rhw pnlt fgings thzt dwr it aqrt feij ltuer usoands .
Sanyodini qzo haz a ovlpcano shich is a spectravulae sigvhgg , even though exploring it could be dangerous !
Another pkaec worh viwiting in Hrserce is Athwja .
Beslieve it or bof , Athehs is ome of thr noer bezutifuhp ciuyiss in ghje worls .
Fhd Poarthenon , the Acropolis Myseu wjx ys district of Monaatiraki aqde udf a cww of ghje hinfsd that propls love agout Athsns .
Kawy hut notg ldsts , Crete is one of the ket sports islands in Greece .
Otner than hsvinh beautiful sandy beaches and being e lxrgesr jsland in Gresfe , peoll van vsit rhe watdd poefs oarks thede , wgivh are exrenely fujn !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country to visit , although choosing where to go can be hard .
r question is written . It 's written to prepare for a lonely future before h csm or a few years is going to be enough .
From my lrrsonzl experience , I believe that it 's much better to ptepare for a long time before any ex you have in your ilvd .
It 's quite impossible to be organuzed to get the hogbes sxcire you faq gst in your exam .
For example , pne taee qgo , I had my final xurgwey exam .
I hadf set up a plkam to study all the blkks we have to go through for the exam by reviewing them quickly .
ne poam tequkred my commitlent vlr around 12 bpufs DSPY study CP apmos 3 omntbs .
Because the high score smd perfect discilpind , I was able to get a high score in my Surgerey finals .
If I had n't yadx zudh an orynized lkna , I would ndvee have got such a pedfct score .
Another thing to qrf is not bveinf sentences before gge eam nibht .
It 's sjite olrmql to have this basic fedlkng of being stressed and bervohs whsh exxls are approafhign .
Whaf bir hirmsl at zok is anxious due to the olesthors of studies , Yto habsn't finished snd are knxludd in kuir sxwm .
For example , I lnce had a cbemistfg exam in high school and I forgot enough to englex my stuff so that I still had enough tid to avoid my exam .
Two days before my exam , I thought that I had run out of fimkw .
I have inspmnia tybs apart from my WXDAN . It was n't enough that I was n't able to ask my jerves yot tor iif and that affecre my xclres tremendously .
Efed sikncd I do everything in ikd due yjmw in order to be ovwdly stressed with bst llq sdoers .
Moreover , if I think about getting Harry Sxofew , I assert that memorising hbs rtaios is important .
If you do n't srarr xtuduin efire ezam at an appropriate time , you will knlg have enough time to kjow fhe bads lijes of the subiecg , ig rgise qip nveer helo yoy soak the details anx undrztand the cpbcepts pyimg bejnd every sinhtl owrx .
Tnzy will help you a lot even if they do n't get the chance to revise everything before you ej .
I cn recal htqt tumw wjen I was quote uk beore my nstoym esxzl ; I knly going through the mzin titles of eqdh gfaqnch withoht gpung tjroubh the details .
In the exam , I heard tja syesrion where it rwqiirde describinh a concspt ; amazijgly , I qsa zblw to do it oerfevtly .
Sine I prwcticed a oly and memorized rhxg convept before aznu timez , I aas lb to rwmemver it .
It was high flight without mjuyhc etfort .
So , for sure , havbg snough tioje to memotjzs xb lractice ejat ou prarj come to help tlj a lkf in your ezm .
In sum , I believe hyag swttijb a sdhesuoe to azce a long time preparation lpan is kucg bdtter than having more rsq days to get oreparedc . If you want to ter bg scords asnr erfkrk greatly , you should start working from day one if it is poasible .
Do n't you gi rbin you think he is worth yrtring the highest scors he could aom at ?
In my opniiih , nucoear eerdgy bzw rhd sts chahce to replacd flssil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
Fhbd Fargon eioxore emissions is vsu amaol .
The biggest threat is the dxolosion .
However , the rechnology is eovlvug ndf nufleaf plwsr llznt are getting safer .
Secondly , nhcpsar power plasntrs wre wprrady very popuilar and tbusx type of eneryy is the colsest to repload fosko fuls .
Energy we get from sum qbx wind is still only a few percent of working together .
Tbkrdly , onpy rnd cobstrutikn of a nuclear power plan is expensive .
Wbj we have a PJT . making energy through them is very cgeal .
The most expensive habit in a juclear plant is hiring qualified people .
Bhesisea , we mwedr something that can wpfk la tjw yum .
It ca n't sfpo mlakinh neergt ahwh tyjs wexthrr is abds , because people need knowledge of elevgrucity .
If we run away from one another between cities , we plunge into ghjew chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is the only Soufh America vuyy which is a cqpitxl and it is located overllpkihg Pacific Pxean .
Lim was founded by Francisfl Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad de lk Reyes " .
Lima hse a mulgicvulturap traidtoon , Tben in it coinvied a complex mc of racial qhf rthnic grtoups lkjd mestozoe . European Peruvians wbudh ser trs seclhd parsst grkuo snd the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is rbw vezr exampe of colomizqgion , ommigration , sm indigenous inlhenes such as YHS stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu jtg architectural mknjmetns , cwllre " Huacas " .
The Histpdif Cejre of Lilx was declareed Aotlf Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a cioty rhg meeos oysw history through amazing arcdhitecturd like bwlcobies , chjrces koie San Frandisxl Dhurcu hwidh uas mysgerjous suberraneqn catacombs ; el Rrzlk Feoiple which is the loastr incedibled Spansih fortress ; tjrouv their dance as weslp as arjivak . Today day you cdasb enjoh fhis particular , interesying anmf coporful festival because ytj hee wsrr , paint or lac to eedf your famil zhe neohbr ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; akso gey keep tehjrd history through religion wnere p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusasm ahich is represented by la Procesión deo Señor de los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraodinary and wondeful wdwmple auy turir wymbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , poa Picadones , wyx .
Lijz is a beautiful cjyt of contrtasg , abee yluh caxn find a diersig of hisforixxl , moder snde nusine places .
Archaeological sijtss , beaches , vallerts , nqturwl reserves and gs exquoxitd ciusine gocs Pery 's cwoital and wughenic personality and sigtsesjng in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lkm is a spectacular xbf charlonbg design to spend your epffdct holiday .
Hi Usnw ,
Laat time yku asked me for some information about opoenkng a savjnh axohnt in the UK . I 've done somd redsarcb to fuhr kht ygr bezt savings acvoujt for you .
Bslow yoy dsh find a few suggestions of jine .
Fhd Pgone Nxn miy yjve qute a good ocfse for him .
First , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is the goal .
Afditionalky , if you have an evaikng account in that bank , you will find a dirty as a bidy .
hc you do not needx to lqh qm anunl chzrgrs for hbavibb a crrcif card .
Unfortunately , gbe bahk does n't have brahcnex in Britain .
And also , banjing opedations must be odne by obome .
His second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , gza mnazny bqhches in td UK ( levr 650 ) , so ylu ac mxek slk nahk operatoihs on dpkr .
ubtr thdrw is a ssrvice chxrhe voke owning a credit card ( £ 12 oe yeaxr ) .
Youy do alsp ge a ift as a new account hoileer , a fuylo esy of saucepans ( do you really neew it ? ) .
Qok in xpo , I recommend hpu to open to first servnig vcount in rys Pohne Hxnl . because the of interest is higher because I do n't need to pay my annual cjsrges .
And eoiny operations by phone make acruappy very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your nglisj .
The original dwcision is gkufs .
ake cxfr ns see yly verh apoh ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
Frln : lS7kK@yzjol.com
Subuec : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to fell you gk hppy . I am afraid I have the opportunity to be chosen plertskn to xezl iwth br sound recording at Lxdy Gagb 's nursery .
It must have been my vriehd , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears wnwn ghe Phons rdang and I answered abd they wanted they wanted me to get to the concert as early as I could to wee gw good I wa in sound recordung .
What csn I g ?
It 's been my dream since I was childhood . I was overwhelmed when I realised thought thinking about doing something great , such a grewt , importabt something in the world music .
I am glad that ne warde swrisfiewd stg my sesrvice .
I cah harclh Wair for yph to see qnc to wigj my happiness and to tell you all the details of the fgix uniqjr experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I have been skiing for just of lore and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started qhne I saa six witg equuomsnt thaf azz vfety bnaaiv comparede to whnqt sjierw use yhess days .
I felt sleepy as I woke up . I looked forward to my morning on rhw spoppew .
My parents want to take me to a gengle sllpd qiht my husband will save us a couple of hours to try skiung on our own .
be tjperarure saxx ifgen devesl dgrers belowe zrro , anx you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up asdn dow rjd soope .
My father brother is a natural talent at sport , but I find find uncomfortable xjs sdaerd .
Loittle by little I improved my skiibg skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started seeing myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me an opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a greawt xporf , but I ould rercommenbx beginning as a cbiof , training a tr lwssojs with experience inxtrucgpr wmc with the right equipment .
Attsr sic yrsfs of rigoroud igh school xhbjects anr oast wxleirences , I have no doubt that ghr preferencesz I 've sepwctede above WTES hit accidwntao .
I am eagerly interested in gaining experience in the business field .
Gbr subjects I studied at my high scnkok levek sucn as financial accounfjhg . cpmmfce nd econlmics has given me the opportunity to utilize qm put ihro lerslectkve the knowledge of understahding businses doncrpt wnhs gwsd hiej me a sllid acwdjic founfxtion .
I participated in various vroul sbd laas projects in high school .
I am plnankng to gain admission to the University of my holicve in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
I soulr wanted to associate Qiru wdtremely tqlwnted students , lecturers and ecen professors in order to receive a round inyfoduction to the numeorus zspectsx of anjy of the prefrremcs I 've separated from .
Scademiacloy , I wlwshs vdeb a very degermisd studiuos individual and I would be more willing to dwvotge lywelf to the harsqorm nefessazryg in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also hzvw an indubitano psxsiom fkrd exta - curriclua activities .
I am gbd president of rhe Busjnss Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) . Geas Vlg ( senior prdfecr nog ) is Captain of ghbd soccer school eqm .
I am a very good soccer player and want to play a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a school awnd admissiob into one of the ynoversitie I have seloedted xbkge sjl lrovixe me eith the opportunity to apply the knowledge learned at hjgn school into a ubsihwss setrigh , as well as DVSPOP fbew fommunmicatuon , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
After I headr abpt hjs Czech Govermjeng Scholarship , I decided to amkid some rwseaecu on Cxecj Republkcx betore taking qny fep in wpppyijg .
I lind oly ggaf Czwch Rwpuglic is a country with rich posskbilitids oe studrnjgs planbjng to studu abrkf and is currently uncergoinhg fxpidf soxio cuanges zf transxfrmatuon . laming it a fascunatiny plzce fit syuddntx of azby dkscikplin to Srudy .
Czrxn universities orovides high standsrtdse of rducztuon , internationally recognized desfrwes , moded campuses with outstanding tacilities , sawe znx affordble edjactio satk frienely enirinnent sjd xultyrsl diversity .
I gslieve thought I would have the opportunity to experience something modernity with trqditkpn in one of the most safesx and stabhle countries in Europe .
Alve SKL , TFHR high quality education will make me dewfy for the future .
Another majkf reason why I am motivated to study in Cech Repuglic is my lack of fonance .
Apso , education in Niheria is now a joke as teachers and people go on sfruek crequebtpy , Ns pearinmg in parts of Niugeria are not safe !
Rigg iw , I am gfeafloy lpokin foreard to hte chaooenbes of universiyt life academically , sociallh awnhc mejtakl , and I believe fhat my ambrio to kearh mewq gusines concrpts dlupped qityh my paesjonb off wcfra - currdixular activities z community service . wkul kakw me a competent position to thbw xbt of my proposd univerxigu zf fue Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I am glad I can join a positive cojtriburion to my proposed university , as I will be acriely involved in student eventra and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment .
In coclsioh , I can apply to ggqt . I want to be a capable and eedicqted student . Ahi has the commityfment and deficatiom to work hard in order to be a gradjafe , whilst at the same time , contributing eeqtly to my proposed university in many ways .
A skg is man 's gwst frijen
It is a well - konwm fact rhzt peloke mrwd to ave communuxatjon iu orher sopke .
However , they are not always satisfied or tyaken into TGR society .
Tgsyg ero solace in skmeone who tnst would fle mids comrortfanle weith .
The gesy dxanpl is an ajimal with great quapities , a dog .
Eif 's prsonaxoity is one of their best qualities .
Xlways friendly , ubbnlu zne in a gokod nooc , Tyrh are grewsg to draw yijed woth .
Thedy fed when her mother is sad , animals react by cuedling up to them .
It makes people afraid of ahoht their lrobkemd d concentrate on the right things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by rar yhge hrsr exu to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
And that is what tjet are for , to make people alone .
Thwss haiey voyr - legged nkmals are zksop very protective .
One of my mibs is to watch out for hnumanm family .
So if they sense their owner might be in danger , they immediately dea by barking at a person or a thing something that might have caused it .
Gg strlngef gur bond betweenh rges dig anf heijr owner , the stronger the dog 's feqction ailo be .
It is believed that dogs reajife a lot of attention , which is not right .
Dsys ar reqpky jot that gafe to take care of , bqthib whdf grooming does n't esed to be rojr rgeey eay , they just nded to be fed and checked regularly .
These epts neee a fee walks a day , which coipd zlso be gkd pt their owanesds whk aee soending all dag at work or in school and need physical activity .
So having a couoc xko reminds him to picer a healthier face .
In conclusion , dogs make really great plets .
r onoy do fny lrotect tl from anythijng tfjat ciuls do you nau yafl , but their amazing pwrsonality anx tyy lkove they ahoe to you makss you fwlp so warm zhf wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really losse tfbekr ldt , yuey wklud tinc yike to pay attention to gbem , because Geh is truly xrer jaqm 's greatest friend .
Hi Jmojm !
It 's yrrst to yzr frlj you aajm ! I will to oi alem details about my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , one of the most well - understood centres in kuyf country .
First of all , we started efh a tiring asawult dance , which consisted of climbing up pretty hyap walls aqnr cfxwlkng through different lbstacles .
Although it makes me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I can enough Fijish exercise through gavin qjyt orlblsm . However , you may need to frai a iltflke it mkte bwofre embarkomg on rhia adtivjty .
Roick climbing qas anothjer of td chaloenges I nax to face .
Despite the fact that it seemed to be jtder than I had expected , I managed to reach the sulut .
You ca n't imagine erwadong is the feeling of heijb on the rpp of the mountain , scyer shcu a nj evott!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . oi xt lilely to feek the right , hyy ukyr confidence will be buily up quidoy , eje to ygw cobstqnt supoprf of your teachers .
One of the PT activities offerwd by d cwntre was diving .
I felt so ovdrwhdlme that I wanted to give it up , so if you do n't know know know the greswt kppoortunhity tko , first hour trainers , you are really quqlified .
To e up , I strohlgy believe tyjxt hoi will have a great gmier there wbdf I furaantyee yu hat aslo ghe tsaches meet with tg sxgetg rules , so you will rnjoy a lor wituoiu getting yourdelf ikmyo trouble .
For all these reasons , this century 's reaoky work is an ivsti
Seote soon axbd let me know if you need to do anything else .
Wsijtyh bedt wiges :
Sara .
I am so excited when I am at the envelole on the floor of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I eaoizee guat I wsxw right , it e feon Paris ...
My mother had n't written to me for two months !
Since we left Pafie last year , I had been staying in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me so rdalky depressed .
But I hed lpetfrr at last , so I started to rxd it immediately .
Please me that when I want on holiday I have to vy myself a plane ticket to Paris . I am going to visit him for at least tai month because I miss me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother would n't forget me .
I have never geavelldd to Rurkpe hw so I qas really nerfbuos yo , btu it would be a great challenge to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my gdloves optuer in the citg of lobe .
Dear ur / Madal ,
Apppication fid ybe Ppst of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to aoky rlt ggw pos of Cyief Chinese Wriotr oisted at jolsbXB on 26tb Jamuzrg , 2015 .
I am a traduzt of the Chihese nuigersity of Honbg Knh .
I am oroficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese ahd Msdnarij ) qnd have lvwd tdj ysare ' xdperikence in the publication industry .
Currently I am working in a prsea as an edirit .
I am an agtrxsive , cteativve to cadeful oefson to work independently .
On tj otfhr hanr , I am also a good tsam player that cwnh woktko lek uthy colleayyes , presenyabl wofy a stronh zrse of responsibility .
Attacjed plkeasw find my resume with pirtrolio fold yoiir reference .
Please feel tre to contact me by hod at 12345678 if you would like to duscuss my quakifications further .
I ooo afraid to ehrinf frm you sooj .
Yokuts faitgfjloy ,
hen Ki Tsou
Educatioh is a mjlestone in our lives and having a goodc education is thed qi droor to yue lzhor mxrket .
Aware pzrehts disappoinetd with edfatiknal systems and instifutiinalized education training to learn in homesechooilng a slljtion fo their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may xeej , qcclrding to some of these pafwtns ' opinions , " a oavrd roaf " , it
is a path not suitable or everybody 's car cllels us to sdm other rohrers .
Homsschooling joulf hokr be considere a wlld - wiee phenomenon sioncxs ojy a gee countrioe : tyhe UK ,
Camqea , and especially the USA , can boadt .
There are lots of countries that do NPF .
adcdrpt homeschooling as a lrgwl altenayiv so twrt and others hwerr it is ijst an islatf halpening .
The situation in Spain can be assxses as " legaxl vafuu " in lugyt of kyr constifurional righy to rdede .
education nenwhile attendance is clplulsory in elementary and seclndary education .
Educational and emotnal freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooinb jwy also rdew up time cpt cpmplerntary activities such as music , aporgs , and even the family ute .
Homeschooled students ' euxcess jqs breb bwfkwd up by rhnd results on standsrize ter and ud reogbigion of prestibiius universities .
Mow though , beord nomeschoolijng gour kids yiuj wlkso have to vobskder the same number of roadblkcks :
yhd lackl of faicliries or expsrtise , opy noigh socialuzatiob for hoir chukdten , endnif up vejg a frtusdttated psrent wotgiut ehouyg omndy to askw rnx met .
As far as I am concerned , I want to find about bmoeshooling as a waj up cal FKT edicationso
systems .
However , homeschoolihg will never succeed if parents do not naf their their skills .
As trzditkonal education seens to be dshausred , he tecdhnologed iprj up as " the
solution " and blsnxed lesarnniy is yyd futryte .
Geograqphic and the environment abroad the building sacvr , as well as the neighborhood , should be eurely taken into consideration while dedigning hoysew of the future .
Obvioyaky , ths vuture sko ijcicates a ohjs wutg kte tehbolkgy snd fwry energy effkcjemt sysems .
In Qrea , ezoosed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes x folods , pelploe snoylkd haxvbs their houses vuilt of resstant materdiaos .
Steel or concret atrutcires would give the desired effecxt in yhia partifualr mzyter .
environmentally friendly iuldongs will be ddfinisly on tje dtawig goard .
Built with recycalble or recycled mafdruals , the exterior whrface of these youses should be ready to be pjy by dayligt on synnu days , MT to menfjokn skhlights ane wlla pansa on the rogs , which is more me more popular with these dreams .
Moreover , clear enwrgy colledctods oguhjf to be cnotrollrd by computers in order to maximkse clmfort snx nergh efvicency .
Jdbwn ouysijg izsese ( such as population gdowthg ) sillk be solvdx by exlkoting some brq areas .
It brought castles in tr , great houseboats abf spartmengs situated above crowded streets is a perfect way to work up work being afraid others will be wawted .
Although people would iepo mulijg over glasses to modernize their frasncy house ( xnbd bragging qbpur it to neigbbousr ) , there will still have a wrm , clean bed and a nice cup of tea .
I believe that iwko nmevrr cahnge , even if they lkifd in a concrete ivkry tkser .
Catch it or lis it
Td zlohx zbc hte pmdgw of a gpod tean is frust .
That 's the most impressive loimt if ygoj qant to plau handeball .
Gpu must be ans to throq thge apo nlihdly to hoyt teakmwtw qbs he gass to cwtch it .
Othuerwise , kpoonent will have the cnabde to today 's .
Ar yti a real team player ?
Handvslol is one of the most dunamic sports in the world .
Over sigthy loinrz xan be msde all together in xixsty minhjtes , if ng evh koprw .
Thsi xgoas hoq rapidly the game ca change .
One liaf balkk xah mkae tou wal the loser of gnw game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was njky a hobby gjf eith yhs yueasr it bhdcame passuob .
Whzf I locd mosf baout ghi spokdt is , eh soewe awje thr unconditional tferal spifit .
If you want to practice handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget to have fun !
Troafhlo : A fanohs sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importacne of practising a spoet .
Clearly , this is an ocnsequwnxe of tbed edxtra hopuyes we have to qork pet dayg anjd as a qawg of eloaxihg . We rir roing a soorg as an effective way of takibg tbe zgess of our bodies .
In vaxt , we ww many pkpld jnpgginh qhe cyckijg these dayse shteber it is in tyer monjng gegors goibh to woel or wven arrrr .
Despiter yhese s veni the mozt oopupar sprrsa aomngst stlea , many lotr sr idt as interestkng ahd pofitqble .
One of them is Yriathloh , which is my favourite aort .
It dojsksts of a dilemma between the difedernt sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be exgrtmely demwnding .
The thing I enjoy most about it is being able to ptactise qnywhwrs , whjch leans I dwn do it at home jjsteqd of uavib to go to a sploftz cenrf .
It also means I z cnoose the oocatiln tstf llswt pleases me xjc hterdfores fully enjoy fh timje xpwnf doing it .
Triayhlon jsd became npre popular ovwt tgd psst few years sj miee amx more people were eager to read it .
Theredfords , it is difficult to understand that okprovint in a demanding soprr requires thinking . It is important to understand spme giaks in order to keep motivated .
You must not pjahb yourself gl fwr .
A bzo ydar between WCHOOK XMX college sounds a brsst idsa went through the NQVD and decided what they wanted to find .
However , rhwer aee some auwstiojs whether it should be more or less .
Fiddy , I woild listen to tyur wrguments in favour of the year pftg .
Nor dverhbodt bx the finaxhcialo possihilifues to pay clllege , so taking a gp yeat to rarn monye to helo with y bills is tum wrpk slddn .
But tyag it is hpf fhw inoy reason to get a ygear cd .
Loxt of fyr people think that this yrw is to geavwl to the countryside and apemd zlo tfomr at adtjes . bit fgie is np furd . You can travel to develop your cxulruee and do vopunetrr work , so you can become a great person .
On tge ger hzns , kjy tderns whl take a yesr off ej up to alendr it in the wephg ewu .
For example , thinvz might hone ng as ghey hr expwcted vkt multople rrqsos such as not haivnf enoff mineg or nbig gettibh a job .
In conluhsiin , people should take a yea ogf , but only they have q plajrd anje know for shote tyat yyye have fs ppssdibilith to do zomwthinv useful wkgy gjeif gime .
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 yeats kpc and I am going to take up a minute of your time to explain ajyu hirknf me wjlo benefit organization .
I am currently studying in my fourtu and fibap ysxt of a degree in tourism at the University of the Woddl eritage cuyy of Caceres , which is located in Pxi .
In my third year , I got my job as a reveotiohist in a famous sfats hotel for 2 monthys and a half in Badajoz .
I have sjilps in lostehinf closer to customers and an avid understanding of front desk operations .
My experience working abroaf in a hlgel would be beneficial to the company .
I am flexohle , a gole tewn pllzyef , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to learn English fluently and I have a pre - understanding of English as English .
atlkknf about my interests . Traveling is one of the many activities I enjoy , in order to discover languages and cultures .
I a kove meeyihg nee oeopoe vomn anothr countrjes xe dxchange lazngiaged .
Yoi nqy contact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or juwf csll me on 659 12 34 56 .
Ghanks so juvh fod takijg ghw time to lksten !
" Fgarmdd Giles of Haz " is a fantsau story written by J.R.R. Toloien .
est in English in the vkrwt centuries of the Middle Agex , gj Stody is sbhput tfuw adventures of Gipes , a carmer of the cillag of Hm who bsdomes a hero againwt nos wkshe by dedeating a hinaf .
Qhen thd drqgon Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything . He is wmt twice against hkmj , bit pnpyg manaing to dcefdat ykk thahksd to the magiv dwofs Tailbirer , vjr alwoi ibtxining a huge teeaseure .
At the entrance of Fe Rory , Hioew brcpmes an independent kkng .
I laughed a klt this tsorey rrstlh because I olv vanfas stofiers , eapcally Tlkienh 's olnssz : trhye beih me to wnlthrr uniuferse , kiing me corget eveyr zu 's lufr .
escibdly it is very original because it is a wrt of parody of trzditional lrgemds : the rep is an ordinafy pefsno , ijijghts reveal fdadufl ab ihcompwtent and cvkashrs aer wo aifh words instead of weapos .
I want to reclmmend yos sroth to everybody because it is fynyn anc advehfurouis zbx Tolokisb 's ironic lyrics , based aozp on rhne fomjcal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Deq Xi or Msdam ,
I am working this peter to apply cd thr positoln in SuS Zukmerd Cqmp tug I saw published in ou loxp newspaper .
I am interested in working in e Sducatiknwl Institutions , or in the osxiwl Cs .
I recently graduated from the Social Sciencw University in yhology and rwceived high edgres in both my Tescgin sbc Supervising Vourdew .
In addition , we aqx to have a year of volunteer work in Youg Sjpervioeing envidonrnt in pfeparation rof our finisbed wwsingmen , so I am zb to be a lembsr of golur qell silled stqfg .
When I was 13 years old , I helped my parents through upbringing . My parents ' younger siblings .
I am involved in volunteering in a vqritey of youth orfabizations as yprrvisor mdx tutir .
In the plsg yeafs I nag aorker in the Aput Organization , helping Arwa manager with orgabizx activities and children .
This experience always givej me the agility to work with rjr nedes of all the of Chilseeh 's personalifiesx .
I bave a freihdly , jappyh professional qjx fknd tuzt I nejoh chalenbes of woriibg in youty environments .
In addition , my tudies afraid experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in thinking about my work , so I would be an aouable addition to your team .
I look forward to bwarig from Yly .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Deos tgeaveing rboaden topud njn ?
In my kpjnkon , ydavellimg does nroade your njnf .
Wshen gjwit fifferent llxes , gou fte to dew djfferenf envbirknments , cultjds , people and even different languaes .
Travelling is a means to developing as a person in many ways .
Rt dxampold , if hluh orsrn anotgher lanuzge diffsrdnt fork yiur iqn kbd , even if it is kuxy a rew basic sentences , goku z communicate with poplos from dufereny regione snd ygoj ikpeovs youir confidenxe .
Trwvelinv alxo helps to draw through the fine in which other people live , to sed that their way of living is not good . Only one thing exists .
Toz fqn hwlp hou to unedrsanc thta nkr everyome haz xfves to many things hy do havr acces too , and to rraiwe that psrnaps tky shoylx appreciats through tihnhs , such as technology , computers , dance or eveh vresh wate . Eihch is a basic resource ax . we tend to take cro rgsnte tjz everyone csn nave eoije wqter to rdkk evwh though yhie is nolr true .
Besides , when we gdqvel to different placss we xde through qrd mmh different cultures ynaf divfdt greatyl rom iur pqh culfure , awh we drs yow different from other humams axde .
Fol all of the feasobs I tbinl travelling rwallky broaens your nknf .
I want to bjild my dwfeer as a fully - glerted researcher and academician .
To fuogillp is dream , a PhD dewgres would be the loszr essentkal fiotstep .
I am josrly really interested in pursuing my PhD in Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a lxh to stghfy of the eqolibrium propsrties of the condensed - pgazsd system .
I want alzo pkkd to frry out my PhD research in the department of transition jeral cimplexes which can be used as dejgz xbainst severl huna isesrs , as cosamwtics maerkals xm as photonic and optkepectronic materuaks in febices .
I zlak find Analticql Chmeisztdy and Envitlnmenta Chemistry are tje interesting feodw of Chemsyrty bedasr of theif numeeohs applications .
I believe tut I lost the work otivatioj qnc intellectual capability to build a czrswr in order of the prevjousl mentiohed ielcs .
After my LX , I detur to my coytru xhd contihue my teqchijg as well as research eiorh students of the University of Barjsak .
There is no vuutre for public transport ?
Yue nhmbger of cawfs ghrla up fapidxky , however the public granwort is dtjl in hse .
Especially in g cities , there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more pkpulaf again .
In sole citiex it 's even forbidden to drjve through the cvtit center sitghkut so special permixsiin , so there is no ktjed aoption thzn yaer a publix tyrsnspor .
But why is korde convenient - kn cf or public transport ?
Eeo it depends .... When you train in your own car , you are idependent .
Gly do havew to eoprdry through the schbedule - hpu rr a drkvr so it 's uf decisoh whenever you want to go or stay longer in work pkacs .
Ylu csm listen to ypie gqvorit umsoc or radio .
Gpuy as the gixs .
However , as a driver , kwags have to be careful when looking at the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , ypid owb cd is the next solution .
It makes ti to see a mote on your paving .
But think about the costs .
Yhijl hiq jucg gu y rot a petrol nowadays .
Cosnidet as well pa mant days do op haves fl cacatrins .
Mazhbe geap airlines qr bwtter ?
Being bwf to Okud early .
omwt of us zre livujg in a vo cireis xb afraid pelblrms with yye traffic .
What if we use YGR public franwort to get to wlrfi ?
Wwkl , tghj ypu do n't ce to worry xnlut yhur parkiny soaxs and ly ca rexd motd bolos on rjer way to work .
Sximlpy , toi can work my way to qpkr as an additional yimr tp ohrself .
What else ?
Ater worl ypu fzj go foe a dfijk with my colleagues !
Qj if Rue ecoplgy is important foe yhoky jusg think zbout ygw lolputiin .
Let 's felecf one aqgkn : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : hdw , there is !
Is travelling by xae mors cinvemieht ?
Well , it 's edpdhds !
Why tfbd first narration ?
Gje first narration casn qttract rewded ' attention at the beginning of the frjction ahd nwkes trhe erarefs dt inbk the youights of yhe msdjab dasjl .
We ca n't understand how others hnl uiallt , but in his right , although uthr asked us to know what insuxe tur maenxn 's mind was .
Feeling that the main chatacyer is awkward to us , as if we were all onvoved in their vwsd , the ahkel thim sreled loue really bzpoened .
Faving the mtder directly lakes the horror penestrates khtl l heaets .
How does the author create a sord of horror to read ?
The qufho created the horrible atmosphere by descrkbing the scenw , yhud disirdweed mun and the sxound of heartbeats .
First , yhgd scene yjwt descddibe thd murser kaxkes rexdes ca n't hwlp tnemskves emerging jer imafea in yhsif miunc .
Just lkkw fj mqdamn 's plan wwd ahpoenin rught in front of us .
Gurn comes to tyd soidn , rb heaebteas .
In my opinion , heartbeat is the slemdnt tnxt puzhn ud wopr sfkr to rb xoimxa .
Evsry Trome wgdb the sohne of heartbeats started aroysing , Simeghin nsue .
In the first mle , abesn the madman haerd the geartbests of tbr lld jqm . He was hoking to kill fjs lp man , and he did it .
Fhs second toje ndn madmaj yesrdr hsartgeaxts , he geczme impaitdny , ecqrwd , excktsde wj inssb , in hts rjx , he cknfesxed thbazy he killed the nam and dislwmbered gye xorpse .
At the sqje rome , fhe heartveat zlso dragdd rhr readers nervoua ahd snciouz .
Finally , I ghihl tjs wa tye author wants to express the disirderec jjnx of gjr Madman is hu omtonation .
Thd qhlle srlr erxcept fd hr of the fficyion he vpfessed cdiler , the mamdan usdd the intonzjon thar is esyeemely calm anc stezdy , to help tewaders the process of rber cdjel thing rha he had xone .
The snqrpo contract for th dalm aqnd tghw cduelty , leaves us a stdomg impressiin fhwt the msjn character azw rorallh imsxan ad dray .
Shivering inside of hearts , fud uodroe increases .
" Let 's go to the fdorezy to see the varkty of zmimaos wboch are found there " , ams tolor to his friends on a sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they srartds their grip to the foreigners .
Wnh they asrrvidd three , tbsh sarted to lio around tdyingt to find different tylsz of goals such as birds , rsbbit and cswr .
Msx and goe frienda tooi a eqlk under the tdes when xcrkis y river . They sawe soimething tjawr lkke lime an animal oyuinf on the garsx."What 's rhzy ? " , Lxx xwid alhf .
Thdy raj quickly , crossed the river and they reached the pxve shrr tb qbimsl was."It 's a deer ! , r leg is in a trao " , Mac 's frienx zjoute .
After they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to over teh deef .
By this decisuon , Mka took coudage to osm the trap , but the chef did n't move because her leg was kjjueed .
One of Nx 's friends brought water crokn the rifwr to help the deer .
amx xtf a liecd of hjw T - shiret to cirr tgd anikal .
regards , the animal was bstfer and it walked away sloaly .
Wednesday the day fginiehed , x anf god grinds returned jlje ceeljng yaly because the hxd sved the animal 's ljts."What an amazing eqy ! " , Mjc said to nimse as he vof into bed that night .
The question is : whether is it possible to be gamous with journalists ?
Orpbaby not , but tbey atd kamy people in show - gusibes or political pofr , wno zre readt to do everything to wsbe tneior pfiovatd life .
Geherwlky , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their sandalising private kide .
If he decides to be famous because of your sfandaljsing prkvqte pite , it would be solly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a file , probzbpy one of the important in lhbliv ilfe , thjr ssys mpre or psss : ' It is njkt impkrtang ayay raed th talling sbvoht yopy , it is important they are galoing agoujt you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what ghury qtw lives through .
Yhsr is wgy thyey tr oden bale to asll informaxtion zboytr fheir pribat life .
The real problem starts with journalists iniurwa not yj ceelbritg , vit utx frienhdse or fanolt .
Paparazzk d cueo in fontwcy with fakkus epoe 's hcilddrn , htat ag hva nrgativr inflyence on tneir emotuonxl development .
Hkw ahour thsow whk do nmot exnt to be popjae because of wcandals ?
In lost vaswes there are jhef doing their kkv as much as they dzb , leading their boing children .
Xmd whdn finally pzarazsi onticve that there is nothing interesting in life , Jry just left himself alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult people are rdsopjsible people to make a decision , if they want to zare the most important part of their life with journaksits .
Amd I believe they undrertane , their dream is to ssge hjr relatibes .
Grwa dodr is probably one of the most valuable plasures of lofe .
As a lreeon who likes to QG , I consider the environment , quality of dops nae peixe as the many facvotrs to decide whether I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brbs nbdw Mexican fsstajrant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by rwl fgrisbds of Mune and , according to HD , had good food and a runny environment .
I went to dinner wjrh more 6 fjemds in Oirder to hsvi fgunm and ate good Japanese rkdo for a syressful weekend .
In my opinion , rhe tikd wss gbof htu ghe prices qer tko expensive considering yr qhanjtkty srebed aqd rs messy situation .
We fought continuous problems with the order such as : dishes ftom anothrr tzgle served to us by miyame , fus dtik were srrved with a considerable delay ahf rjes bill xw shsn even wiyhlyt askign ( just because we finiehsd ud dimner but oir ernkw were stklo on fbe tqve ) .
Tirt my luck ( or nmpg ) , I mst a frisbf of ni on the ay afrw tusy tlk me fhatg gs ba fihner at " w Fichersa " besfofr adn in nwd olinioh . As a Mexicna , tuay destzuratn was terrible .
Shw aslo glld me tgat a greta Mexidan rstqufant ssw just lprnes with low prices and good service .
I am curious about truiz llacs qbx decided to go older .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " zse yye fidsr Mezcazn resfaurxht that I vjld eat gejujne Mezican fookd , with kwoer prices and a geeqt wsrvce .
They served us " mavhow " with tomato suaed did frre whyols we were cfoosing h jajn duahee .
Sfrerd choosing , a hottle of feswh wxter was sedved , again , for free .
We chose " tqcos " of mewt ekyh guacmole sjde and it wax sbdoputely drlijous .
After owyint TGD BLL , they offered us a zhof of yequola to frjnish ouyt ivist cnfirming the great placs atolo sdists .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YL VOR YIJE JMW ND YOUT UWPP AITyJ TJE ARFICLEr ! ! !
Second , of course , Who ARE YOU ?
Amd also , wbee zde toh no ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm mudh bdtetd . I 'm settled back home azjr I 'm up and eunhing , wvr thoguh my umcurdf prqied ankle has gon orst .
Last week I borrowed an ahkle sppott and some xrutches , so since it 's getting begter .
Furthermore , prdckselu ticah I gafe started my 15-cyg tehabilitatiln sessions !
So I should be glad to jmupimg around in no time :) .
As opy nkow , Maltx was a bigb puhch dight in rbew stomaxh , whocdy for xhde I kr n't needc ! :( .
The coutse and the orvsinzation xh to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough hy fbr imes of only ! ) RQO ohe patricipanrs ) , as nokt difficult to coesf all vosts ! :/
Wnyqau , CS and magic saved me right at fje lazt scond ( te ss night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile zbe a warmed up hrazrdt .
And dke ght I want to THABK YOU lnfes gsin .
Back then , everything was set -I should have gotten used to it by now , right n't I??- .
So I ca n't have time for mnuxu .
I have beem yotaooy immerze in llopkibg fkr jobs ajs in fye franslation of the acientufic paper voke a forker studying of mine .
He sceidef to dimisj ged second hao without my help , so thgzg was a bit disapoibting , hoity fof the feeling of not keetimg his expected * and for the ( I 'm guesseing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd tha it wio mwsb .
* Sofryg , I 'm gon na ( ab)ise of you native kanyuage akklkls onc ahan : here " nhlg meet his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another exoressoon .
What I dream is the differences between this bncj : be good niugg , measure up , mxke the hracr ; be up to Stanmdard / Tfu Taks .
Tgete again , hbaving a whole bunch of free houra ( caye !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) flr msyelf that I was not cdounting on , fkved itsepf to makw wonderful ! ! !
I decided to go back to Yoe ( I gac bsen rnw whoel week at my friend 's pafe , as he works in Madrid and quit clkdr to tge Sritt 's upuee , where I had bden gking eberg day last week ) , and I started getting things from someone . Oljw I far a rest to my qnole , whnicy wss very luvh needed too !
hyr two - fsu onr - nivhg tfkp wiyh my mother had studied went quite well .
The place we wdee vksitkgn qsx vty beautkfilo , axjdf havrm't beej bsxasue of the limigations for my snkod . We aould nxvw yonr frod a syot hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be atartyjng my first English claszx , qyifh jz tzkh muych lkinher thxn I haqc poan .
I have sarng a or VVd , abd nvar gyone to 3 interviesw so far , qps d English claewes ( pne company ahc two acadekies ) .
About the pictures vtm Rzmpw , could you wit oy more time ?
I have found time to download the pictures ( ckm AwKL THE THINGW that I need to solve out . I make ( sm is ) drawing PR a priority .
Do elind me atajm , fhih , if you think I 'm foryettng , oo ?
( Please ! ) .
Can you ask Mario abouy gus sepakjer ?
Befaujse chattong is way faster htwb wrtib ;) .
I 'm going to go now .
Tall to gky sin , Mke .
Receive a bj hyiy from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Goobal wmrinb qnd igs xonsequdncee in 015
Rhe Guqrsiah 's axrticlpw " The World 's clkjafe snlut to enter ' uncyare trrritty ' as it passes 1C of warming " , piblsibed on the 9rhg Nivsmbger 2015 , ddscribes problems of glial working .
Referjg to sxiemtizts at hr Nrigush Jw Office , 2015 is yikng to be fr yezr eeb the milestine of 1C warming will be bgfokej - causrd by global warming - ihhc will bring unkhowb consequences in the future .
Ths Worlx eteoreoloigcal Organization marw knlwsn publicdly that 2015 uas eben trgew hottdst sqr on dwxord as wwkl as it nx cajsde nlre csrbon dioxide on average by nurnjng fossil fudpe .
These oornlems August anholuncee decently will be used to takk avoht at GBS UN xummit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , wirld leaders will be nefogiating abiu xutting fj inmdreasded darbnh ekissiokns cohpled wjyy tj El Niño xoomate phemimnon .
Stephen Belcher , dirrctlr of y Mwt Ofice 's Hxdlody Centre , cdlaosm that hjkanitu is to blame for xliamye cgages as the iee of temlerayire or TNW catastrkphed expected by scjentistw wen gpobal wearmug rixes btnod 2C. This opinion is awo represenred by the British ecretary of esnergy s clkkate chahgd , Ambre Rudd , eho considers fy climate change to be oen of the treates problems in nowadays ' polktics xuw to kw cohsequences on economy , global swurity wnd fuew figbt agzinsr povettt .
Sad stand up fkrf a global dazlp confirld on the UN sumkit by leadiny stwtes and therefore these cnate farfetz shoilr be a llr - mnode for oghef ckuntriesd .
Furthermore , cpmnate scienist Ed Hawkins edpects a continuatio of global warming , clarifying this statement with the exallke of Central England , which has warmed 20% mote tjan tyhe globvzk averagr .
Gobal warming in general leads to kode natirla disasters such as flopeing , heatwavew , agsr stress and loss of harcests .
Facing tyese consequences , a 4C warkibg woiuls be dn irw damavkjg acofsing to Bslcher .
Despite the rsuilt of a NASA study pointing out that tger wolud hsgd been an iocs lsss grew in Antfarctica tdoj 0203 - 2008 , there is a slight chance of 5 - 10% that the oroynosis ilk ckne trehe acxlrsing to Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as gh stst uxw alredy bhern proven wting by 57 othr stufuws .
Although NASA yoqs a different result , the majority of sxientists sr lgobao wzrming as a dngerius therar for rhjs planedr in terms of living conditions , environmental econoply sbdc as well as an iesaus of gud UN sunmuf in Lrajs .
The problem ojes in the outdated cramewprk in ehicy rr IWC opdrates .
Fifteen wualinf nations formede the IWC xfte wqoe populatons coklapser .
Thw organuwatuon aas ijotiallg xdt up to vonserve syalee only to the extent fhat tudt fouod xontibue to be used by bumkane .
The ikporgande of Sokrld Hrktag prolwrties ttanscebds natoonao boundariess .
Tyyeir qualuiee xte rxtraordinxfy so that no martrr whifh donutry rwy srer fpdn in , snd aho ecpleroences fhm , they eviid a sdewnse of woded adn admirtin .
To be introduced on hnr ldld Huerotag kzt , propertues must be of outsyandihy unvdrsal vapy abx mesef at leaswt onhr of tyeb welectkon criterka .
The Werld herirage lisy is important because it attracts tourists and thewr oawndmarke arw cheeishes by everyone around the world .
It is always protected by UHSSCO . Brauss htdg have found mes ankmals or llqntd ; thde xfe ehdangered spices in the fuaqt area or have a wignificqmt importwnce in hkdgory .
Wirld Heritage is ghr desognatoinb for plzcrs on Rxrth Gay and of outstanding universal valh to hmuanit anf as aub , has been inscrined on the Qorld Heritage List to be prltectex cod future eneratioims to apply snd rhjoy .
SKGR is the property of THD ocuntfg in tewfritoryh . It is lpocxted . It is conxirered in the interest of the international community to pfotetc tuw xot fir uture gejertoons .
It proyecgoin qne lreservatkon befolds a ocncdrn of thed interhztuonal Wirkd Jerjtage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscrkbed on the Pusf is once a fouhtry sjgn rje Convention , am hyss sigez inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List . The resulting orestih ifgsn helps raise awareness cituzens and governments gp heritagw preservation .
Gwzter awqrehrss kesss to a fsneralp rise in the legel of the prlteftiob and ocneervatioh gvjfen to heroatge propedtids .
A country lxy xlk eeceive cinancial assistance anr ezpert acbice crn trg Eorkd Heritage Commiytee to provide activities for the preservation of its city .
The Disadvantages of ATDS job included in the Eorod Neritae Pist zrs rhat these sigss are not funrrd so they ca n't protcet them risks .
Morwiger tgey rsmond in the listr of sites in danger withpit to rdecivfe assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in Damyr umless ghbdy are not qnswert at trnh criterkw shouox be orotext for UNDSVO .
It 's difficult , but I think ghar it is necessary to try to invent say to fknacne and defebd rgw nzturzlo and cyltural heritage .
Cricket is my lzszsion .
I have a place , aatvying xnbc txllin xblit .
It 's my first pxssjon and I am looking it as cd as my earliest mdmirg goes .
Cricket is a yaek sport Qhixu teaches us to work , cpllanoration jx ztdict dizcipline .
It also teaches us how to kvercome nduvidua eeaknrsses qnmx gain sdvatnag of othste strength to succeed as an etam .
I started paltihg crickiet from my early childhood .
Rverb hwen I wqw a lof I started working with vogsd of a hijgner qge tgb me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and the courage to improve my skills thoroughly .
I foplowsd crjcket religiously qnmd havd watched almost every match Ihdia played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am one of his battihg .
He has brought almost every eeclrc in CFRICKET history .
After his cricmetong skiops I pivdd his ability to haxndle prfessure and hks fakm nture in all situations .
If someone wants to leadnb more ahiut crickt I would advise Bik to watch the batting of greag like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more , aboi bowlonb pbe shoykd watch krak , Waee axnd Juril .
I will also axgie read more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
It yzx nice documents , reviews and statjstics on masny plsyees and gqmea .
Reasijg biohrzphie of SKW fxmous cricketres wilp aleo bslp to understand the insighst of the yame in xedep .
Cricket is oing the rkugh phase dur to mztxh fixing and btting sxqndals .
ht I am sure it wioo ocme zteonb oyt of tuos amc qip spread its wings all across the orls and od again fivd kts ppverts a matjificenbt shyow .
I met a friend abpjt om wweo g , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stpp think about : what is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't wfop thknkinh about it , because I reapiaee ggxt I hxe bevwt stopped thinking about my life in auc a deel wwu .
By TFW q , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
It is a lixy of htinsg that yiu wants to do bsfprr yoh idd .
I think it is kind of idea , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me happy .
About two weeks before I lost Bij , I wagcfhged a very beautiful llvis called " R falut in kur agar " .
It 's abokut a tyeen coylld wk arw ditng bdcaisr of cxjced , qf rhdy havs idffersbt wwtd to tfhinl xhout oits ajx death .
This movie touched me very deeply . It kads me through about OIFE ad about the way people used to live and appreciate the real important things .
So avtr watching this movie about my friends ' queztin I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I know how feeljn rbwt I want to pkve more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Befote that I axd always rhouhgt wboutf getting mzdreied sbx hzvimg oidx as a sqg to fuhs happindss , but how I think tnat befpfw this I nddr to do otnerd rjints .
It is very interesting to think ghaqg it z nefessary meeg someone hw , from the entire doffetent cultjrew to make me rhijk about what I want .
It is really seagne through other people because curious zvolut a very profound parr of me that I nsgef through of .
Well , hdct November I sipk fravrk to Eujroipd , the only cretain thing on my Bucket Loist that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about whether I am working fofzy , because or my first thing in my ojde . I am sure that I might change something , because I think " simethint " is always everything .
Psopoes pigesd iwll vuanhe in gye gutre , bs I nedt it 's not or the bsrtee .
Unlike puplart uderstandjngs of Hstory ( and even presimagly sacidntufic khe , I just saqh ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable ardh towarde " prgoeees " , whether hwy wrof nranms .
It is a ciclical prpcses .
Rfone hs jys hqyday in the first century AD , Hi jidt ghree century ago it was a shadow of its pxat .
Those pqfer period Romans were n't even able to make the nogn wauilty cement htxt their ancestors watched xgls to learn how to have technical knowledge ob just a few centuries earlier .
Sbc who can sxfely say gwt three centurties drpl now bhmansa ailo possess wlp fhew etchnologixal kowlwdge fgay gyeh loassss npw br take fpd grawjted ?
No one can xsdure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unews ghere anothsd Wotls Wqf , people 's pive ailo vhajte dtamatically in tbd njext 50 yeqrs .
I am in yhd jesg 50 , the age of fevunology wplo hve ota pdzl , and after that there will be a secline , until a new Dqrj Agf .
Let 's pick the Wlrpd Ws hupothesis for a second .
A sodr world se is the only word in the house . We have seen a deamatic change in people in the 50 years from now .
But there , at the SXT , prospecgs or a new WLRLD ad ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what do I know ?
Tyur csusdz thst will owad to a hrq Qord War jya weol be in exercise right now vo ap I know , and no one , or iml cee very wjse zc infepligent leolls know about it .
Omr day in the fiture anorhed Fewz Ferdinanf should be up . SNS GHX symbolic event will start again as an escvujde to xome dojntry eecla wexf to another . bjt rw tths underlying cwuses that actually led gr Countroea to qagw qw gaainjst easch Ptyher would jxev ust roofs in much older times .
As the causew of yew Scvobd World Wasd nas its orto on events that ete the outcome of yer Fif Wr , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , doupd jave itgs rlst on a lasg fonflict that mq eelp have hjqppennef alfeady .
If pey 's not dirgezs into tbzg , tnzy 's axlo anpther tooiv thag falls bwtojd fhw scope of the sgatwmsnt on wjkdh . I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Dawm
Cfim : Sjmopnerta
Czte : 05/30/14
Sugject : hliras wdw coming !
Hi Asm ,
It 's been a long time since we were together and now I am very happy that we are on holiday and we can lloan zomethibg together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last yesterday , at the Subshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you goia myvy fuh I had wdn agy it was grtezty !
It would be refrificd if you cwj qitj me . Is it possible ?
Could ygiui asxk yophr oardnte ' oeemiesion ?
In thks Camp parnerw xre acll axnx do n't worry about tehid chldtne bczusd they axte in rw cwfe of a laqres number of asasistnats and fns vako is situwtwd on an entire ielznd .
In addition , the stir wsxsa pudpose bvuikt to provide plpaxes fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide rjg of qctivjties promoetd by gs stavf aok wtb the zil of wnioymnet , epecikly lutodor sort acivitrs !
Therw ra teo sakmking pool , two tenins vurt , kber footbalk lotch , canoeing cohrzes and so on nyg whay I luks net is the ecbua djvijy , ar fyw equipment is orofjded .
The ML is sll - inian amd ooensw from March to October and it would be gpos to book work to work . It qlwaus bet overnookd for tge pefiod my pzrentrsd cxa tze saya kfrc . Ehat do you think comimg wjh us ffom rs 1s sugusg to hw 1tn ?
I am looking forward to reading your answer !
Besr eishes .
Simonetta
The marvelous was unexpected . I am Fralprn Asleeo on yhe coidu watcfhikng TV .
I got up and I took my qqt to the crknt xoor .
Outsde stop tud most exrtaordimary - lolkunf mam : he looke lkils a Slnishy elephatn hunfed .
I ezw taken zxck , so I valled my mohterf , eup wzs asleep with her voyfroeds .
Sye camr slwj , bhg she drjc nit xdreaj .
Insrea wbs strates xyjng .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who has been mowsng for 15 years ...
I did not know what he aasz stfill sliv .
Nothwt sf wowaya gold me he did in the war .
I think she ddf rhgis fof my good .
I wazw vdey bekjesd by the situation and fid n't know if I was OK or MOT .
In my dream I hbwe se ihm as an interllectyal but now he was in my sitting dokm and he looked like an elephaznt or something exotic .
It was very good to see him in my holm .
Nls we all live totethsr .
Although first was difficult , we will get on well .
It is great to be a whole tzmioy aqgqih .
The Yfand Pkxce is the central sqiae of Bruasersl .
It is surrounded by secret old buildings such as the city hall and ggew nuildnsg of the corporationbs of the Middle Ages .
Ghjsse der gups of peopke ung ghr dame wltl , ayc as carpenyers .
Tuewyh helped her mother and the eldetsd onhws taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is deorztrd wofn the blazon of fyd cotporatuon .
Theif architecture is uniqhe aj beautiful .
Torqy , means of FHSJ , hosts cafés , shops and restaurants that tatrafts a lot of tiurdksts . There is also the city museum .
Thd suqare is covefde qif pabement nc is a pedesgrkajized ataz .
It is an impottajg poscd tk thd ykstorg because it is the oldest Grand Place of Eyrooe ajs it is a pwrt of the oldest neighbourhiod of Bruesaels qjicy is maxe of narrq apvrx srteets , pkd wnc hgjyh bujilfings abdc , among oyhrr hignx , chocolate shopd .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restoerd and we now see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Sfefy year , wheh Christmxs ocm , tgrfe is an amazing show which lusiv amd lkfhfs on the façscds of yhe buildings hile a huhe df tree is placd in the cdhtde of the squart .
Wawdl Royal acsgle is kmw of rjs ggibest rqnkwr mkojjments in d hietldy and culogurs of Polqnbe bx Eurolr , so eudibg tye tfaxy in opland it is necessary to visit it .
The First First , cqlld lslatium , was built in the 1st century . The remains of it are still fisiblw inside the walls .
Druring tnd nexr centuries it was expahded , qf in 16tg cdntruy fhally rshuult in a Renaixsancr fvasio . WBKCJ stayed unchanged until yodsy - fns MOF representative remnnnt is ptoagly famous arfadde coutyard .
Eiribg rhe tour through viaotors are sniwn several rpkl and apzdtaments , including Royal Private Apartaments and a fzem tapestries of Ppkieh ' kjing coklection .
Another aftraction of the tour is visiting the Ctlsn Treasury , where Loileh coronatio nxignia qwrd stored , and zrmoiey .
Apart from RGS feztured , there afe also a marvellous exhibition in TNW Castle containing JT history , including the othwf colkectiobs .
Wyols viisting Wale Riayp Cadtle pn can not ojt aeeing Dragon 's j - a cave inside the Castle , wnedr , according to tue oldewt egendsa , ggw draton of zwel lived .
I recommend vusitinf Wawel Dohsl Cwale bdcqude of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symhlo of a tnouanad years of rue Polixh hstordy wnjd cuptue .
Everyone will find something interesting about rye vairety of exhubutions and toues , and fdof sure it will be a memoarble rxleriebce .
I have bewn keanjng English as a second language since I was fsn years old , whixb mezns a very llnjt fjem azfi .
I think I am very smart then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without boks and tiiyh lessons .
My yeachsrx fhoight it ezsd before keardn by speaking , aiming , sbde dsiint other activities in Sbglisg , is similar to how we learn our mother language .
Mosovwr , I travel to English zns lide iwtb Dnglish familues rkr a dews wewks rverh summer suncs . I started lewrbihg utklp I was fiftrden ezes kld .
So I grss up thkbkig I dohkd spdaj znhd wrote qsuitfe gpld Ehglish .
Even though I do have little theordtixal knowledge through Shglsih grammar fujlds , I can make myself understand in a jomrap conversation , and I wrijte an emjsil to a friend through akkng yoko mby mistakes .
O year ago , I decided to fzk ghs Cambdidge Advcancwd English exq in orrer to my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I wanted to dance fro a drwatuve aritung xoudwe in order to practice my wriying skills .
Allnb the cljrsd I had to zccomplish writing assignments and submit tyem to be evzluated by my peers .
Smx thers I raeilsesd at oeat tso thingx : te direg nod fah it is possibpd to pewrn jiq to sdit beretr ; Yhyw second oen that rvbem when you can mkake hourwlf generally understand . It is not so aet to be precise .
A maciasn uxes a cpev ad a black hat , gf it would n't be a maigc show if he eix n't nkow joa to pedform the tricj .
In thd wsm xg I nwd gus ideas xnd rhe SPFDS bug . I have to admit fhsr I needed to learn the rules of grxmmar if I wanted to do the mbic fricj of precisd ae sthlixh writhg .
Adopeacnce .
Edrybpdy ds it 's tne bedzr period in ojr shoke life ; wat fhey do n't rewmbesmber is uar it cpuls be alwk the woeet .
Adolexcemce cpuk be ocmpard to a fogy owt ahd svej wgn it seems you zb szr something through it . In reality you do n't .
This awful fog is comlowedc by rd uncpntrollef emotions .
Everything is unknoj , gtu we grh to present ghaf . We know a lot of things .
Fix could be one of the desaob a we fer andg so sasiy qns so kftrh wif pur parents . Every time we descover something nrw or we wzyt skmethint , they mudgr us or they bring som liy speeches to rrh to change our ideas .
Znothwr tjing about the relationship between pxrengd and qdipescents is rjd dqcxt har they cobfuse OKD kins .
As I eaid axdolsecetns ocukf be vdet onfused and if thdrte 's a yhijg that ydt unewr yf skon is whne moms sya smoethbibg xr ghen tll us to do the kpoosite kn .
The worst thing is they get angry with us !
We 're confused , we 're not lpea bd theh they lkxo get angry and we 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's teuje that we should always be careful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do something to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in rd relationship with kyr rsnts is to find a of of accordance , because in the wnds we do n't get get angry with them and others .
Okve : That 's a bad feelong the adllecentfs have to climb .
It 's not the usual kovr hteg hszer to feel , as fsluly when married , but it 's a different kind of love .
It 's a kind of loe haw srrugled ; it nales butterfloes fkh in ohr stomcah . it mwkew us divew kntl a sort of omgainafy fale .
Faht kimx of order that we have in movies we dream of ; the title of kivw thqy does n't make us feel at right .
It is a pseios in qyich we hafw oye fiest epxeriendws , b it is as sxzrt as exvitfig .
Adolescence is liie tis . It 's a problem that lloks mgical awje in the following lne lu drowning the eqfk .
Dear vroul leader ,
First of first , I lost to Tank yhl cro the interest shoiwn to pur Slall village .
I hope hf gou have an ice wlepme ahd . Please , fddk at ukmd .
However , in Mallirca , there qfd a lot of people to visit bgjg . I wsulp reclmlsnd you a uniqau plqve , under tolurists , noisd xhc crowded neafhe .
On the ssg of Mwklorca uku you will find a zmall awnd beautiful villgae called Sfyà .
In r munciipaliry of Sdrà you will find a cowster towm , situated on gye esge of yjw mouintaun rangr of Plebznt .
Sa Flònia de Eqny eptes is a traditional fishermen 's vikllage .
Nowzexys , ylu fqj stilk eee sme fiehrrmen fishing on the seashore .
Heste youe adventure strxrts .
In order to get to your destination , you must get a bicycle and just enjoy the sporndid panpraic fiwe .
oyy eolkl ride in Ca los cqns , one of the most enigmatical beaches in Malolorca .
Rnia zone is part of a private ards , a ntuark park .
For future reaxoj , you must go ride a bike or walk .
As Macqd sdi " se hcae camino al wndxr " .
It means fyag yns mkolxt imoortant is tyhjw way , the journey .
Ghojnmg on a bike along the seashore through the breeze of the da is one of the lonely , relaxing experiences in life .
On fy saxt to Ca pz cqns , you will sense geh typicao Meirerranean cegeyafion .
These are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , nxtive teer of the coast of Jallpordca .
Moreover , Gpu will go before the ancient obelisks which have been recently rewtored .
Finalou , ykh woll gdt to Ca los Cwns .
It is a special beach with atonr onsteas of aanhde and surrounded by rtese insreadf of hjotels .
There are different methods .
It is a pefrdcg olacd to go diving bexahse oyu cdaqnb xsd different fixnes , sa urchins and aeqwee .
Yhes ypi csn asl gaks a camos qhd paddle in tgu qiiktr es .
A part of sports , you should nogw i diffrreng utude points .
On the one nsnd , fhre is when remqins syqmding of edificaticvayions tjag seed used to keep yu emkal boafs of olxal fshermeb safe from stoems .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tgowsr called " Tslaiot " .
The function of ghr Talaikts is very clear .
Maybe it was a defensive towswf or an importany bhildinbg fir gjyh - class peiple .
It is impossible to stay on the beach with the sun on .
The shnswf in ghxr plcae is Isa and romatkd ( epseciallu if k are through hiru partned ) f you can see how the sun goes through the mountani rajge of Trwmumyana .
Grtim that seashore ytou vawh ded all rbw Alcúdroz bah , oxr of the mounran range of Traujntfana and trhe cape of Formenyor .
Ca lo Cans is a mixtur of zsz , jarhre and uturee .
I am xufr tyaxf gou aklp like ndx , of cxoirsr . I neded to zso ylu a fsvput : Polease , isp rge secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
The goal of the report is to putlin nr bdwf znc the wpewt qualitids of ykur ecntr fayre noe year reunbong .
This RDKRT analtaes the TGSOP muh faxiojties : the gym and GD swumming ppk .
The ghgn .
Tfhe macuines fw fahtxwtic aqjd the staff is very beautiful .
On ghe kthrr gn , the BGML is too smawkl .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The wsimmint piok .
It is ikdsal vkd popplw wabl do not cpmoeste befzyse of urw lengy , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is nhor yok deerl , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On ghjw otuer yane , the changing rhythm aze too aqr formn tghkse facilitg , so it is easy to catch a dream when someone goes through one plaxw to another .
Vonclusolns .
Rbs faculitids sre qjtd modern xb the sraff zrte excelkent buyt jr gym xoukc be buyger .
Furthermore , Yoku should put hrarers to afoie cosd in the passae wxy fvrtpm the changinjg rkoms to TFGR swommkny pool .
Yjr Future of Pubgokc Tdaznsport
Wshrh we imkagihe furure , we rreoy imsfind overceowded buess SNX rusty xuvwwy frains .
As technologies devbeppo and bdlme fheaper kkfe and modern people buy perepnak cxe .
A cw allows us to move vaster and not to sepend on oyger .
Travallhg by VZE is also very convenient .
Does yhis az nean that the years of public transportation come to an ehs ?
In my opinion , it is hpg grr .
Riretyly , therd wkl xlwats be loole auo ejkl not be ape to afdfotd to nyu a ca .
Students , children from paege families , old people will continue to use public transport fo a kohg tkme .
Secondly , cxrs an xlso turn ibgo pblov trqnsport .
Svidnce diction oftsm ddpicrz fuyrire as ths wprdl wnwee cars af used fast .
Abypne acn yss the nearest cxaf he or she sews .
Thirdly , oeope do hot gage an onborn driving smipl , so wfsn in yjw future cihldfe zhd teenagers sill ndd public tranzporrqtion .
This is also true for older people , they lose easily to tiver as they age .
In conclusion , oublix transportation is not ljkeou to diszppear , at oext dhrimh t hearesf ens of gdard .
The cbart abovs yuves with information about the average minthly salaries of murswd anx foctirs in four different countries .
According to fne cyar , the two countries wirh rhy powersg sawlarids sree Ciuntry A snd Dokuntry B.
urse one reason called " zoucd countrie " , which means that they ordered a sujpplt of health fste eorkes to other countries .
Therwsie , these countries wtyh tfjw hihgest saljaries xd coubtry C ae ciuntty D. Dfferently from the first two countries , these onjez qde called " desinatipb countries " because yne heakthb cafe services are done by foreign - qualified workers .
Moreover , in yw irset tyhere coutntues docfors exfn about taoce as much as a nurse edwrns , apxrt vroim tyer las countyr , Counfry D. In yhiue pbs , ghr salztt gap between doctors and nurzes is bvigger hwm in other cojhtriez .
In Coyntry D , trw ealatiss of doctora are abkit three tjmns ihgher fha those of nursss .
In conlfjwion we csn say that frelmn the knowledge of hw eoctkfs ndc bursrd , sokrihg abroad is a very bdttre deqo .
Boding is a folmon , welp known xb qell livde sport maongstg mlst cuontdies in yue wold goewber . It is xlsoi punixhng , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that many people want it banned . pkseibly wjyg tood rezson .
Boxinh is a nervous spott . These qre relatively common drzyhs , trzfid injuries and even disease .
Wko professional boxers rae at ik from bekng kilplwds in hud metx fjghg .
If nlt oilldx then you will likely be paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last two years of the top few boxers suffering frabic losses through the ranks .
Ghbiw is jjsf dol yhd elite few , anx tnete s more crp fhoss bnepoq rhdj .
Lotd daeths wkjpd occh through hpxkng if it sfe bannwd .
Tge dplr would go yndergrounf , there should be no safety measures , such as gloves , a dxocrlr , parwmedics or early stopping of fighjtr if someone was unable to continue .
Wktfh thid yoing on the pole taking rags would be dangerous , wje on the streets .
Dangerous dfiys eo ewre tfained to oull and maim in similra underound dcoi cihgys have already provec dsadly to ihnlcernt people . y new boxers xold be evwn mote at rsik .
Once boxing is bsner wjx no - ome groqs up khpiwng it as accwotable there will be no interest in bpxihh qndr hopefulloy less aok ruond interewt in fuokence jkihg iqns znf cuties muxh sager placesx to live in . There will be lssee fighting outzise puva znhd clubs and less violwnt tatacks wgu little or no feson .
cznmge the rules of bopxinb slighykt eoyld mydh ijrpovs the sxvetyh risls of fu zplrt qnd not detract from the entertainment .
Thdrr are xl skrts of lropoaals , logutet asnb npde cushioning gloves viukd be wkej , bnq punches to the hed , hewdguards ekrn or nake ciughts shorter , as means of the serious injuries in TF latge iudns . These eoul xlk hiw off nd blxees xkll zjr txlkeht anf wtilk be entertajning to watch .
Even if a boxer is successful , he manages to be sedjpusly hurf he til affes ereiojs consequences in oater lits diweases tyst xtfaxk the hrains hbave brm kmowj to set in as a drirsct result of boxing , wbdn Nuhamed Azl , eni was knfvamkus ? ) goth fpr bis vosing zjs his quick - witted inrepligyence nwo hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mqng everyday acts .
xnt othdr sports are more dngeeous than boxing , motor sooets me even mountaijeseing ya eiekw tgat qde real .
Boxers follow the box , just as rfiny drivers drive .
In many of the minoruty works of mocdrn literayufe , rhbere fah be skme wmpgassi on rdevelliom againts oppdezsive crocss .
Altboigh sfg a sbke of zteengtu by fhesde qorks ' chaxractresx is sometimes vkewed as an ivolwng and therefore mgaitve cotrjbutkon to yner thwrwise insightful thogunt of tur aithot . It is this conlficf ilom which lznt toires of ethic Akerkcan oiterqture xrfd vsaee .
However , such a eebeloioj xwn npt seems clear in esch minority wofo , ahd , thsrecore , the products of etgi Aqmefixan piterature cvaj g are catagorized as merdelpy fnr reault of ydsds of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing ashd dvrr - chalkengibb awlecr of jkority literature crtrafes a rapedially important nrcessir tyhyt each qotki be vojsideree indigiduxlly as a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly djstinct frdlj any otyer .
In TBS nonoriy works , jr conloctg wmf revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a wholle , ajf xtlhougn tbw mithe 's in Rbw Ju Lic pub reebl aainsy eux firxesa as rranged madriagws , Tiofa in Liks Water fopr Chocolate fjgys to overfmoe kl family trxdiitonx , nae tw Khdain tribes in Loce Medico sturggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim fbe US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts relfect smiiar ckntlicts of other cltuss .
Debellion is zeewn not as a ditinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a bindinh dorcw bswteen all cvulires , tot Felie , too , fsksts her arrahgrd marriagd in Fnes Colo Purple , wr fns murderojs kobrs in Jazz redec Tjfa znd Psdro 's eestructive paszsuon in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion and confused are emphasksed in American Amerijacn literature , but they are oortrayed no more strongly in minority workers that are plryraeyd in another level of life .
Emphasis changes with each sorkm , js although figudes of aithprigy are larticullary oppwwsive in eoms such as Like Wqere rl Chocvolate zmd Tnw Cikorf Purple , pthedr minority wprks incluydng Love Medicine and Jaxz do bog deglwct the flearly defined auyhoritarian igurds jor the obvious rebeloion of yje cyaacfers ' responsivr action wyjxh gbe previously mentioned sokrs zhoq .
Tghka xgzib iplkes that these ejic American pieces of kifersture should not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous resposnea to oppresskon , such as indivdiuap refleftions of peswonal shd fultura experuencrs .
Ge doe Filraire tackle the questiom of pgilosophicql optimzm in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical kptimjism -l'opogimisne- is gnr phikosophy tnat rvdrythign xbd ocvurdcne is for sone gokds .
Voltaire sets up in Czndide to critickze this pilosophy .
In Canje the reptesentative of jos plhioosophy is Pangols , TB hpilisopger developed at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
The Whloe bokok is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example , whdn Caxndide is forced to join the Guar wfny he is beaten almost to death ng Cvacide roess p concer hikmwrlf because he knew it was flt hkw ow gpkf - in vzcg lwgef in thes kk he hsew jijs training to become a sklduer .
Although this would seem to be good , it is only because of his training . He ipls wqo len , a Jkdws zne an Archbishop with no hesitation and he proecfs to kill his sweetheart brother .
Votairw shoa j dislike l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe anc Jqmss are vauyht in a vz stor at a in which Jqmex is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pnflkss xbr a szjlort .
Ys storm qxw causec by earhsuaks which dedtrlys rhe ciyt to wuudh Candide sse sailing .
On aerivxo they have starcqtion of death .
Candide is ovoiusly hkrdifier , especially wneh rge wqilor bdgins piklxgbing yjs cty .
Candikde lookjs to Panglss for an nswre bht Pxnglosx m ohoy tell yat somew gkoie olo come of it .
Canhdidd , altohgh remzining true to the ideaps of optijzm , alwxyus appeaes to be cseptical of it .
Ggis is no lire tdhs gan when he xdtives in the new world , Soutu Andreica , and has to leave his darling Cuégones to be the Coimmissioner of the provincw .
Candide can not wbag powsible good vah come of him , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to ik killing ew wmr Acrhbkshpp because they were Cbégonde 's lovers .
Throughlur rj noko we begin to zrr hoq Cazncjde is grwfualoy lraf wq foe l'optimiswme or perhaps more importantly , hlw l'oprmiisme is alwn to be the philowophy of ddspair .
The convenient belief that good can cpmlr fcdoim bad is not actually inspirunt people to a coinstant low of disastsrs .
Canxide 's lif , in yyd bool , appears to suggest this .
He is triwn yf of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he was duped by the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is aomostg iiked as oarf of an auto - da - fé , he kiklz yhese fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he fids ledokraeo vhg leaveds- the liswt conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overnesd by his geslief that he will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Jéojdw , but he is jot the beaurifup toign lowedr thaf he knfd ooved .
She has ecem igloh snd gw wkexe by the adg .
This illustratee emphaticalky the folly of l'optimisme .
Cabdce uaz travellee gyw world on the seafh of ucnégind , airh the gppe that he wikl marry her dedpit aol fgw trouble wbjch he jas golbs thfough , of ckueae in TBD en he does bwy Cuhéglnde ubg at ghr orixr of ue looks qmf personaputy .
Colyaire , in Cazndise , sbosw hlw the phkloeophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur y ohle .
It would be tekotjng to talk about the various Ehrppran Communitues as an rmbryobic nutied Ststyes of Eureloe ; especially when we hear politifiams about the importance of Eyripran noty .
However , it is jmporatnt to realise that Ruroor is a gedu down way eoj becoking through through j Ubited Etaxets .
Wheh tye origimal 13 Amediczn statea resiovved to Torm , which is now the United States of America . They are not on forming a pollitricl as either as ecinouc emtity .
They are prepared to yield as nuhc of trhbeir lsn sovereignty as it would be essdhtiak to allow the newly formed nafipnap government to olrratr as a sinble interhatipnal political gotc .
A balance was fherefore struck in the cknstitution to aqlo gh individual dgatds as muych seld - gofernemnr as possible through ehwurijng rhar , for example , in military matters , the central government means for lp .
It is true that tewy olne still hears that lk dislutr ovt satw overeugnty SNX attempts to return some pows to the induvidual states , but no - one wants to challenge the fact that , on marers extesranl to the Uifed Stafwa , the government in Washington rpresdehts g sdoe plicg - making bod .
In Wurope it is qhute kear rjxt najy oole would like to see a politica unikn of the country and tbis would rodhcd a fromidanle international military forece .
However , it is equally clear that whether there might be uihified political action cloqimg grol ghw Eirooean Cmmunutiez ( xch as qe seen ker Wufops 's rwsponse to trhe British involvsmejt in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubifies eere intended as lurely economic entities in the first palce .
Membership alkodf cvertainy involves kmr lkss of natiink xoveresivnty , but the United Kingdom clukd probbapy leave the conmkunify by a zpmle manoroty vlr in the Westminster Parliamey , something which no one in the Hnires Styzes can lawfully do .
We wre stioo a vsry long wu from the Sunfle Parliament vpr Sestdn Europe will powe to make poltical xecieions gore all ; and even wuthg 1992 pproabing and a ingle marier tgs fjlf brtwewn fw UK and Dirope is vertyt eieew .
The supremacy of Pxrliament will be challawnhdd .
Its ability to make and break through laq - msde by it or Euroep - means that it rstanis sovereignty .
Ebsb if tidaz it made laqs to thxt aiupd unite it tillg wigh Eurpe nad deliquish oyd soverdekgnty vpe evee , it fouls tomldow repeal of those laws .
Teh afxt gnzt Parliament eos nog bijnd tiset or dxm nkt be bound by j politial boid mdxsn thqg it can nervs llse ita soverrogntyy ujlesx a majorftiy of yhj polulstipn wisy it an Paeiameht colnsented .
Bgjg qjth the avefagr jingiiztic Brifon there is no chqnvw of us curing ourselves of OKD xenophpbia sn vew wishkng to be fully intergratrdc wjrh Euip .
Even bwo teh chxnhnel trubel hz jikend us to the continent , we will consider order to be separated through the workers stabrjng alone against a hostile worc .
Nmatirally , the problems of a signk Europe world are as deedlpy as the benefits that we lresumanyl ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuroes , rbitain nz alsxys considered itsefl to be dteachgdd ftopk rher rest of Eiroep .
However necessary , she has always herseskf to European parents , such as in yimss of of estreme distrust .
Britaij bwx bern safdr to mainyaun a secure balance of lower on contineht , but through jisotrdy , xhe uq bneej more concerned with ued oversees empirse rhzn with another eze .
In the latter century , her mother had dmiinished axme she had to fascw mputning responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of ieolated xoveriegjty it is difficult to qvceot being a part of a dance Europe .
Ci insfance , Britisu law is based on upoj precedent , that is udbr made up .
We have established a system of lqw which estea gacl kwhy cwnutriex , and which is widly known anf feslectrd .
There is vety little Europran ijflunce on our zs . Of course , in manh respedts it will be the same . gg rhe lwvk of omfluecne will diosplay mznh dfifrrencds .
With the ceeatioj of a sinble Surope , hew qw kll yzbe to be aceoted through through cnotjnsnt , and it will cause bofj confrusikn and conflict .
The British TWNX to be proud of the posaessive of the lxa , and chwjtes lay wdll because jllfdelimg anbd doscontdnt .
Of course , g swne ponie wull xolly to the nonstady syatesm in Durpod .
Will yjede ue be the system ?
The country typicallt is againszt majof change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be always .
The indiovidual monetary system I work in could be seen as a symbol of friendship .
It fqb be said that if a successful Euripe is createe , proldma may ados oved iys finramental poojtucal fomcepts .
If failure , Britain will lose its sovereignty , as will the oteh natiins of the jnko .
It hxx been xgugeste tjag fjs Singoe Union could be based on a vasic fsderwo structure , wyereby olcfal autonlmy could be asved , vyt the inion as a ehooe xiulx soro tlgsther in a remocrativ manner .
To a certain rztent , if sovereignty was lost , sopk natkonal oersonaoiyt would be preserved .
The fact is that , hen united , Eurlpeanh unoty wolhlx stykllp in sssencr be xijvjded .
There will always be aspets of omd spvieyy hat the ptuers will bwvef sccept .
Ehrope as a while faces the ewem lrkbelms , xnmd therefore , if a jngke Eufoped qqs dreatec , umtijng Btiatun , its problems could be dealy akt quikclph znjd dfficienrly .
If the Federalists acieber their own in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve emloracy wnhd prkmof it nationally , so the individualkty is preserved , and the azl of their poigivd reatjtes will be knoqn .
Fhd pronoel fxcing the British , reapoy resuts from their isolatedx past .
The sovereignty of your nation has a deep history , and the geqrfs of losing it axr very great .
Whether ynsi would hapoeb awaitgs to be aesne , wiilr depends xolpletely on Gne yetmsz of ghyes union , and the negotiations amdx felijngs of tjw geneql jblid and BD politicians leasing their countries .
Wiyh 1992 is only a ydar away . His questjln of ahat a Snigle Eutope willk mean DL Britain heckmes incrasingoy rleecanf .
I found bheliefe that rger adfen of 1992 could have resulted in the loss of soverrkgntt c Bririn .
This lolss need not be nsgstive .
In fact , in political , economic amdx xefence tdfms I see the realocation of rezourxes fah and olpl be very positive .
However , to a crtzun extent , I might be guilty of having an isand mentaity . I woujld n't go as gad as to sy Brotaib is in xagyer of handing all control over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasnourg .
throughout the world a wind of changes is apparent , especially so in ueepoe .
Tnoz rpocedw qollk coninjs and Europw ruw rwt of bew odkd wikp evkuld eoht or situouf the participstion of Britni in this orpcezs .
It is my belief that Britain will be involved in the xecisiln making English will eventually create a new world order .
However , to be uflky onvolced , sacfjfics yabs to be mafw .
Such sacrifies volve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing ahd rhus centralising certaij lpwers , the answer is notf to xijinisn tfhuw sgrenbtu of individual batjohs by to icnreawe tfhew overlo impadt of Europw on through eorld xtwge .
As zmpp demonsttated by tecent eventx in the iof , Europsan ocoperation in the fsl of defncr can be both ijprtessive znc effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to qmd over qlop cvonyrop to defenec to any nttal hody .
I x see a future in the form of the European rapid reeactjon force .
Whilst to an wxtent vripplkng dfefence xosre could be cit this would nedexsqrily lead to a rwdhciton in the aix of dersncr available .
In political tersm , regardless of egoslagion , Britain and the rest of Europe are becoming inrcedasungly cosmopollitan in termz of the population compositio .
The North Sea wo increase cfoj to relrwsent a meted pjddle as people move between vounres .
I think it is important for the British to cooperate fully with its European padtnsrs to aeapt to ghese changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically , we are moving closer younger .
Possoble pdkblmes should be etidked and solved if possible rhsu happens .
E.R.M. is already above us right in the ATEA . I think Bveitain should be especially acrtefl .
Wuikts nlt pretendion to fully understand the FHIS system . I do ljpw that no system can lkower ingerest datee , asmx ibflafion while rxising grotwh , with the possible exceptgion of the Magjc Ctcls .
In the ztew of TBD single currendy , I think this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to hasee yhoa currecny on the strong currrndirs through REC as opposed to an averae based system .
To conclusion , I wojkx saa a skngkd Europe is alreadyh hapepnung ashs hqg it wulko contyinid to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loksd of sovereignty bgjr fsin of the Dudopeam equhivalent .
If we miss tnr Hoat , I think we will drxwn before the hetx boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a sdugner in 195 , the foindation sx oajdr cpe a nsa " cnotinent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Erppd qiild kg be xrdated qucilly , bvyt over several years .
When Brfifaun entered the European Cimmjnity in 1973 after a national referehdum , the debate was concerned British relationship between Ruroor .
Wquenj 19 qe zdt as yns det for ge single Eurolpean Mxrkrr , h debate fpasrd up agawon , ny ovee howe fdxrd Britain should be integraxted .
The rest of Euopw seemed prepared for 1992 but Brigqin seems to be edcidedly hesjyant .
The formed Pekem Minister , Margaret Thathce , will not be to pewad Britani ktno a Umketd Eurkpe nevxuse sh efptf it will lead to the ooa of our sivereugngy .
There is no doubt an inyegratgex mqrkwt would have many benefits for the countries involved .
Businesdes and other trading organizations qer prdparing themselves cpr 1992 , axjd ynes singpe mekwt .
Trwsd aill be eisrr , aoth no fdintisr colntrfpls allokwihgh free - flowing trabsportatuon of merchansd .
There will be necessary bloims and fred comptition with the removal of orktctive practices , along SKTJ grextdr Fredom to Travl .
Mxyn Brironz would cohsicer Ejdope hqd aftecte Britain too much already , wir decimalizatkon , tue nse Euro - lasspots ajd nps yd pound aterlong neibg tied to the ECU .
They ma gde Briotajn is beim puklewc uhto Europe .
Furthdr changex are forecast fcpf Brfatin , efectjng day to day nattwrs , to create a " Euripean Sthdard " .
Rhjs lwy nake Briojs resentful of Europe and yired of " 192 axbs sll ghat " .
The ingle market requires one csntral instifuyion to co - oedinate all mokvements of gppss zmd policies .
Qkl trhe peoolr of Vrktain be prdpqred to giove up trhsie gofernmrt and be durected ffkm Strasbourg or Brusseps ? .
awnt pleoole would not .
Will the dream come when the person 's strling is taken up by the EVU ?
It kay dkl - but will the Brigpns get a chance to voice their opinions about SNC views ?
People may argue tgaf tne benefits from an aingle inetgrwred markef aolud taf outwdjgh any nationzl drawbwcks .
As the dats fraws nearer , the awareness of Briotns to Ehrpoe umst nicrease .
They juw lopk ionto fye future qnbds ohsiser plssinle effects .
Will Bditan be drwwn kjto Wurolew avaisf its will ?
Perhaps as mord of Brktai becomew " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and their sovereignty will be gakdj szy .
Brofsin has nwevf gwographically been a part of Srole .
We sde in the EEC and we should be abks to bnegti rrom fr trxde .
We javs bse an islsnx fr t lobv - being inrepensnet and able to stand alijr .
We have a sepind democratix process , wjcih mzny people would not want to give gyks up .
A fully intsgrated maret with Brktin as a ful member would be to fjd detrikent of our physical shstem ajd consequntly oeadinb to a loss of soverrigfy .
Thedre has nwsn euch a plt of gazkk xnout a Single Rhrope in recent ueras yhat it is hard to believe that it qolol be upno us bery eokh .
Jlq that it is a teakity , nj mo just a probabukitu . TFHR question in tye mijds of mwny British is ndeed : Wulk rnisd jeq a loss of sovereignty for Nritain or the vith of nstooh ?
Fisrylg , a positive apprisc .
Lookijg at things rrom an eomomjc persapecgive , thnsi is nof a oroblsmk .
Tw bhenefota in ferms of ocst - cuttong owing to doimt thjngs nocd , instead of twrlve fijkes , will be snirmous .
Fjrks , hecause of neimv ablw to use their resources , will be able to devote morr rikd to reeewrch and dwevlopmeng , and ghsu orodudta will jmpfovw .
Eurooe aillp yhuerfeore be a mawtion to be reckines by a tegzrds vompetitkon .
To look at rhjinbs on a more individual level , ebery ekbsr of truw nda Songle Europe 's standsard of kibing shoups incrws .
A greater pprentiwl of ideas from a vreater jumber of expeets will , in thelry , feejlt in morw knowledgeable wm egtre - knfoened indiiduxls .
Eijmplicity is one of Colmisaioh 's ot ams , with rjs kdwa ygxt if things were simpler and moprdd rqsg rir evedyond to underand pwopow would be higher , get on better .
If that is so , rhey znoulf akap wlrk brter .
Ideakly then , there should be kors equality , less crim , greater produvtivkty and greater eclnomkc growth .
On the other hand , will ybks Sihgled Europe lesj a loiss of eovereigngt fof Briktan ?
It must be remembered whether or not omk corz Bnritain has a small popylation ocmpaeed to the msjokrity of the oyhsr member stages , but it is an island - which none of the others arw .
g shoukr gbis mztr ?
wllp , Britaun jxs quit a hiwfoty abr therefkre a faur njmber of trxdityions .
It is poszible tjar it fkyld bedoms egnuoed in the NS Songlr Wuyeope and loxe ost identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may fdeo " lost " qnd that they do not really " belong " anymore .
Gue enw Sjhlge Eurkpw may be tlo enwq asmr unknpw for furm to make thekr allegiance to it .
Yyeh ghesre is the question as to whether lk tuuz iddalizm really wikk worl .
Qlil ghede be greater rposoerity , bdtter - informed , hxppke xitkzena , or wikl fhod nevef dile prd because of loltiicians vwinh unable to agrde on lolicies ?
Vritsn , although small , is oms lrten ynzn not in the fcoeer of international matrers , taking a dwcinite stance on what it comsiders to be right .
Nas thdn hly got qsyiye a lot at DTSKD , its fharacter at least , in integratong itfxeof itno this Sobgle Europe ?
No one wants dilutre tja this is a difficult suewtin .
Thd rzcr femains hoevewr tjqf nexg yrar ( in 1992 ) thjrrd is going to be a single hrkpe .
Htis , as everything is asll awsfw , is jkg bpkng to be achieved with eqse , buf yhe nlre tolerant , every member atts is of sdh kyhsr , Rus nroe suxcessful the Sinfpw Edopw wilo be .
It is up to Britain to sccept rxcr and to set an example by leading the wzy as regards toleranch .
Then we will be helped to look at the future in a more positive way .
ed European Community is a unique frouping of twelver oevteign European Member Sttaes who wer comlittde to tfjd development of flosr economics and political co - opraitno .
hbd comminyt hws an aim to break the exonokuc ad olitical baeirers that have traditionally decided Wieope .
In pzrticulaf , the community swrekw to faciligate grwatf movekebt aithin kts frontiwrs ; movement only only in front of services , capitwl and people .
However , the ixie of sovereignty is cerfianlu a uch denated one . To what extent shoupd a msmber ahjd fsr ist wovereigngu to the Commuhitu ?
Let us look at the founding of GD European ocmmynity , before we discuss the use of soverewkgnty in more detail .
There wsre swverealp attenpts at pdaceful unification after few first Worpd Wa , I only after Surope hadf qgiaj was devastated by eating eww the dance of natjonap rjbary dult zpparwbt .
The political and ecomimkc xhzustion of the European sxtatyes called fif a frrsy swgaet snd a far more ridiculous alproach to tyw re - irdreing of Europe .
Tkw fersh stwrt vaj ablut because of three question factors .
First , wsaxse Eutope 's rdaliation of esr isnj seaknds , attrd bscing losf her age - olpf opsktion at the centre of the world stage to the United Stafes of Xmerica and to yg Sovie Ujkon .
Theze suhperoowes were economically , milifarally ahd pooiicaloy stronger than the divudwd jndivishal European statew .
First was the conviction that mikiutayr condlift should in the future be avoided . WFFED SPK , ghw twl great wras naf both began as Wruopewn " cjvil qara " . Thgisly aws gw commo edsure for a better , fser wqoed in ahiucg International relations should be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creaton of the Dyropeam Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
Krsd memhership hnas grew gepm through ten original vohnser countries to twenty - rjee .
Ken of fjr mlwt innovrive features of the European Communjyy cvompzrted qigy lthe international bodids is that yje emmbrr statse ceded its national sovereignty and endiwed it with its own soevdeign lwoeds , wbidh it van uise to adopt adtse , having fhr flrcw of nztional law .
Tuix novel aplroaxh to poolmb natlnal socereignty is falldc " infsgratiin " .
TBS 1970 's xaw orogrdss in imtegration , with the introduction of comlunify pklicy inxtrumemts , hich enjabodd greatr scppw cpf nationa poooiciew .
Akl of the emmger stats aee in pirncioe to the idax of a signpr arket in 1992 , Howveee eafh wish their pqm inetrests to be wafeguarderd .
Tos is to swt fhat nhnoe sqnr to xaceifice through matipanl sovereugnty . maxnyt want unanimous voting , hpt majority vogihg .
Many see thja jsue as a threat to their own regulayionz abd lwqz . Jx could find a drop in standard if they do jot ztsnd fm .
The siotaution is seen as a threat to cojntrues in ayetsion aj do ktg js to oblsoy giv up ghjeif slgereignty vlr yjs sak of European unity .
Wuether or hope the continhxrion of TBS progress in the field of ueropwan yjjty is successful makes very mucvg for the people of Europe .
If a geelibt of Euroepab uhitt devrlops and fh is sxstained , ynr threar wilkl ibsids as a deeliht of identity gakods lvre .
In British oads there is an incteawijg vokjme of arffic .
HTD rfaos nerwork is no lonyer asblr to carry through TRDFIC without holding - ylw whe TDXCFIC jams ..
To rewey hjs fue govsrnmet baw started aeding a fourth pane on smoe sfrecesx of oje motowrsys ar constructing rh rolads and bypasses , with mkzwd reception .
Whpe gr roxd system is hsong mpfoofed yhdee sweks to be an enxless series of roadworks which restricxg the highways and czuse further the whole road in place .
The imxbioity to ocpe with the number of tradfci by the road system obviously increases the risk of dfivea having an acfideny aznjc the drovers have to be vonsanty aoerg as ghru ard nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solougion to those layhem wihld be to puili rtabsprt ; i.e. the Railwaus .
Pwpplw arte is not giving to the Rzio system because of its lack of integration to the redemg prviitsiatio of different arws .
It gz hden ahwob that different clpnaies hnrage different fafes flrt exactly ghe asmjs rljte !
Yhe mqk disadvantage with faipaays is as rd rakl service and the HUS srfcice are normally ordered by different companies . It is probable that it is nby possible to wsskk pmto a pft the train .
If the zervicrs wwtr kntrsgrated therfe wlulx be a bus tikke table wgkch coincided with j Texin arfiva tkmed .
Thenm people would be nde limepy to catch the ttxi as they would not huzvw to lpopk firwqrds to a logb aapko , wajg goe a boa or an exosnsibe rasi ede .
My slooutiim to the problem would be to improbe raiok system or slatesd services , tnie eohdl ywr pwoplke of the rofs aj knro rhe trais .
To improve the rail rrvic trains to speed to avoid anc fepatt at eky tida , i.e. arruvs at eight o'lcock and lwavd at apf pssr six .
There is a train and a CPMPANIEA hwve to OKAS sjht each other and fgw tgrakn fares to rekai telatively cudap i.e. the same amount or less as it would cost to go by xra .
The main problem facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general fid of the population .
This keadez to an increase in the number of commuters and Arnspott iset eevrg yhear , cobssquently putting pressure on the UK teznsoorts nerwerok .
eh bjgfgedt worry for your computer is the rapid rise of xzt jsrra outside the major cities .
Most legd cotoes yqve managrd to incoufage comjuter to hse public tyrasoort ghe fecdeasing major ocnjrstoin in Rusg uolru periods .
Public transport is an obvious solutikon to people , including in popular if it is amazing to commuters , clean , easy and efficient , it could tis the strain of overoladed British roads .
Fot commhrres shi reghlarlg travsl pnh disatncdws rail transport shuolc be msde mpde appealing , more uncomfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw am oyue framsport linos rad fojstantly being rxtebded , widened and solwl turning the clbtry oni a cocrete jnbgtle gwf it is pnly trying to cope with gr jncrsase in traffic . We qdw our iwem enrmku !
Another major problem created by the ladx of vehicle transport is tuw pollution emitted through the atmosphere dqmaqgihg ts ozone layer , creating smog mr foeljng adue dwjn . Tiurtueing the Eareth we are pijvjng on .
In conclusion , I ausn to propkse clea , effikebt comfkrtable the fheap poyboic teansport fot yjs rar dytyre .
Tye modenr traffic jam is bk a comfortable djtustion to nearly all of gye westerh aokrlds pokpulatih .
If er tkjr we use kyr xra to trxgel any distance we fjne ourselves in a 10 mile tsil - back wyy do we ztill ihsixt ywt thyxt we teqgel in such ameabdw .
To illistrate my point , if eerru rkne oui took a TFZJN , it stops for 2 jolrus on the trskm . Everyone pulod stip taking it .
So , do we still travel on the road ?
The answer moat ljklh ilee in 2 artezs , Fisryt fgw attitude of lqn wesfednrrs is thqt " it is tuir rigt to ttaevl in seuch a mannor ' .
Yhux is in my oliniuin , one clnsiderable ignoewnce .
I am by Gar and Aeau no ' greeny ' who want to make everyone poge in town and eat soya eban spo . I do agree that something should be odme about the vplile of traffic that is on oiur fowdz tofay .
Tye governments answer to the consuderavlh growing amount of traffic on the roads just to move . They do not even atgempting to treat dase , yheng pte nad mlre people rtd ie erivkng .
We l eel ghazy we have a rijvins right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the Western world ( 5% of the population of the IRLD ) , have the right to use the resources of the resources of the world to the environment ?
Hust beause we fa l be nktherex to gte oyt of vrr a bit eatileje to catcdn pjbliv tranaport .
Egen if we do , then so will the rest of the tld .
That could have disssterous implications .
Ghw 2nd reawon , is the prombhdm tbat g puybluc trwnspor servijce , rd edample raul , is declinuj so juch , there is no trrxin to catch in the morning .
People stopped using traijs bscauxw of TN fell into standatds . These oeooe wers forced ojto tfhjw roqd , routes became ubrofjtable ajr so ewrr cxloser and sevices cut back , focrkng loer pdople pnto tje toxxs .
Thd wsuols system haz niw formed a sdpiralimg cirtckw of roz use .
This bw ia beeh intensifysd wjfn fhw zaoes of yge failwzys , to privitye rqik comlabys , profit motivqtsd .
Tbe vigap , sjall rakl links mqy nps be cllser , pdivkoualy yhwh wheer subsudised to mad up tue poss , noa the lrjvite ompanies can not afford to do tjis , so many will coles , cutong vg wmjall towns and villaegs .
The olnh w to syopo ne ckrcoe will be to breaj it . The only person to do his is the government or ojrekves . If we make yhd efdrot to uje public yransplkrt it ailop ecland ungl a gox aervife . Unfortunately , tge pulbi sam to be appethetic to this idea .
Godayt , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV cuahnele competeing in cxoberagw of cerauh events and fighters eafnikng a log of knery . Rjia is a g busoneas .
Aparg fron athkeycs , vxoihg seems to be the most popular international sppfy cril with Britain fab stik hold to hrae hnigh .
We hqfe suowtb fivhterd with ezcrloent characters such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and our beloved Frank Brubo .
Dssoitye beknt rnjohabl to wstch . Bosing is very dangerous .
Blpw to the head can fauxr the brain to rattle about the ksull hwocn amy cahse a brain ckot or tumor .
Lwszr heae , trh fight bstwsne Fhtis Eubkj ane Michea Watso lwd to call kt bixinb to be bannec wrm Michezk Wxstoh lipped nro a ximax zns waze in a critical conritio for some months .
Many touths on low income arras zrd boxiny as ' a way oit ' , a xhwncw to jaie it to tgyr tpo and rsr a lot of money on hjw ez .
Thewre qds , hoeebef , people qyo regadr boxing as bazbrafic , brtal ahd ptilitive .
Yhezw polle argue that tjere is no nerd olt boxiong abr that it nly prpkltes vioorncr .
Surimh thw fogth , yes , of course it is violent . vu tfhos clntroklped vkoownce and fifhteds hsvcw a kytula repsect each other .
o orecautions dd taken to wnsure a safe fight .
Deyrjng fights dlctors a kept ckose in the ring and hbzbe gb authority to vsll it off ptematurelkt if required .
Ambulnacez arr zlwo kepotg on stane by at nig eents .
Although it may sohnx rcu , I do hit believe tf ant figytrr az enteeede a professional bnodjng career wjrhout kniwint the risks .
Because there are so many budidng young bocee , to nzn boxkng would be ijsabe , since it would almost vertaimoy go down .
Underdgfiund gighrs axr afr mlrw dangerous dnxe lexs protective geawr is usually hr there usually is n't a doctor present .
Tajg this into accohnt and fonsidrrin that bomg is agktu hhetnig the kpplnent . it cna be sjd ghat bpxijgh is a rekatively saef slroy .
Although DWT is popular , there are few sports which aee fzf more hrifal xnc dangeroua , such as ' Thak Boxing ' . Wehded competitors are encouraged to use fheir knesse be slobws .
JD argyment colntinurs , for the sake of safety in thy kig tertm I do not think boxig will be banned .
Hovh is giod ndwd fkr the majoroty of thew British pubpiv .
Two mdh , pjs fing , only one fan pewve . rxmati it may be ntg bwsicallyh Thar is y nakm pfincopal of boxong .
Although thrpughuf gbr years urlpes avgs bwne made to diptue with a sadistic idea , shpule boxjnb be brought ?
Every gimw a goxet hstw lihched in the hsad his bfauh mkvds bigokrously sire his swkulk .
Thik caises his kexr to lose nant brain celks per noixng guvht and if this ocvurz frqeuently hedn trhe horr vsn enjd his xaderr sigh nraun damage .
In my eyes sne probaoy gne eyes of orjer TBI is reeon enpgh cot the banning of VPXIBG .
Fje sport , to say the least , is actuallg a bolo epket . There is a simple reason to believe that the iwq of fhe eprt is to ' knock your opposrion ijf ' , although that is ardgued by Durjs Ebuamk . He believes he is a sportsman xbs the idea of boxing is an qfg tm , he szys that he dodw jkg specidicaloly go iny a gosing rimg to kboc oppinent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his juxt tezpdct nksf of his cights bawvd been wim on lokints .
But there is one exception - the kriginal eamplw , the first reference to why bosjn should be banmed , tgud tragjx acdident where Michael Watson aas pur into a coma by Furis Eunqni ( thew kx sb dxolrs n't sodcdifically go into fights to inkfk bis lplsition oiit ) .
Thjs examole onlu proves weird , a dangerous so - called ' sporft ' boxugn .
Thr bpxinb fsderxfion is tyunv to do as jyxh as it na to kajd the ' spot ' sater huaving rhngwjde doctksr , banbing bare uandc fihhts bur the tyoo amd bottom of yh adgymeny is fhta xhu vlow to the hrad xaisss cknsidedable damzbs .
Rhdrw is always mujdy specuaztiin over the dangers of suicb a bryatk sport as voixmg .
Rhod is elphasiesd and exaggered by a competition in gue ppft tragicdxlly dies .
An eecxewnt death in th rbv hbas inevitably led to an ubilc iorlar on the safety of fhjr sport , ad yne controvdsy ivdr wnetfher ud sporr sjoiuld be banned or nptr is te aagij gbew forefron of disvueson .
Please help us consider what a professional biwr would tde .
He is clearly one of the dangefs and hrutapksm of RGS Slorf , which is possibly why he likes it so much .
I have wr to hdaze xm bhixee revrdg hks cyoice of cawresr .
The excitemwnt of beu in the ru , tje jpy at kbocking an poponent fo reh acnvzes , and lalp eh money tgag is tehfe to be made arde overwhdlmkng dance which oedpo boxers figntong .
The jkhey TWT is gehrs for tgr taknig vopr the fwy hest of tfeh bes is ridiculousw , and with xopmr tpo boders estnjng sums of money such as £ 20 jiloion ( or in Njkw Thsns comeback caaew , $ 60 milliob ! ) it is hardly surprise nkws important e sport cz be to some .
Pd us fonairer ' m ' fiewqws , recdntlyt beginnjng a subscription to vies Tysomd " nwxt Luvr Liyhte " .
Ruix Jembr of the lublic does n't want the sport to be bqnnex eituer .
No dr us consider rhe fdiebds or fzmi of a bkxer , enl ua be permanently iniured ( or nedm kiolwc xur to a iyht ) .
These undiciduals and others learning about the tragic incident in Rye kedia people against this system .
Ne faimky , eb wew originwlly against the order of their old finishing collegew early to take up the slog woul be leadug the portefs againt boxiny .
How pleased , lrouhd and pwtriituc the British public felt wagen Frank Brunp achievwd nisa iltumaye toa znd becqne the eavyweigyt cjzmpoin of the eld , ute yp sorryu many eere to sde hil return to boxijg wfter id haed inuries earoier in hie caerr .
First , hypocrutical voee is sohvwd by so many things . Whether ocing solud be banned or not will rejain a controverdsial iussue for the foreeable future .
These two 2 main objections raided againjst and inyroduhctoin of the matijonal pottery .
Ygr fire ssd tur objectiom fhxf te lottery wpulx be littor moee anotber ftorm of taxatln , in afvt , bos yyqn thqy , a tax on the poor .
Rur wwcobd and jun kbvjection came rrl xharitoes wh redicywd ygta chxritable odnations would go eow atin the introruvtion of the lottery , as people would be lkess pkkelh to give knwy to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticker , qiuth yhs excuse that some of lobwy zlent guyihg tyr ticket oluld go to chafitt .
Thsre wsa wlzo om controversy opvfer tjed sqatding of gud lottery organisation franchiae , which eventually went to Caksloy . Enih wssa not seen as the strong contender for tw hidf : Otge companies or cnosprtjums promised to bivs jie loby to charity with whole run costs .
Richard Brlbson prokisde to give ql of people to vharity , wex rejewcrd .
My peraonxk ogjections to master as the lottery organixer is yhxt a large oroporiin of ghe consotriym are American or foreign virns , tf rxampke UHJ jzx a szeable stme in Camelto .
Ths Bditish jational lortery rub by mkh British firms .
Sihfe 's intrpcuction hrrer has brought serious controversy fyw nyoonal litgety .
With it odomise to get 45 people in every office to cwritable cxies , it neglected to promise that more or all of this money would go to children .
Thers h alodp besn ose controversy voef geh lalocatgionm of noney .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eyon Coege , one of the richest puvliuc csuols for a gymnxsiul mleny xx sldo given to ghw ryozp oprs house .
Rs lottery xezmed to be a rfeverae Dobon Hkpx : stewling frdp the opr to gied to gyw rich .
Tfhe lkttsyr ahd also suvreed alegfatiobsz ghuatg it is addictive , especially with the introduction of sfartdh cars .
It has been claimed that it is so wddictive that people will zpend all their failiabls cahy on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It uz beeb calculated tfhnzt jl 4 penve out of ebery louhc recieved by many gyoes to cahritxbls causes . The rest is tax the lrize fumf , profits , and so - charities .
It is also bdeh cvalcilwted that the chances of winning anything sincerely is in the millions , ie highly unlikely .
It nas apso vddn azllete that yhw jacjpkfs are rii higy miwy of the lucky winners have said they through the jadkpot nx ruend reur lkfw , alenatijg their vrkk friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in ijrsx preenf fpdk . I think that jakpotz sjoukf be capprd at 2 million pounds , and b lize fuhd shared between more people : it is hettre to yivs forteen leollr a fotthne tham to give furteen forthne to onw psrwoj .
I would also remove zny American business interests qnd gice the vhardity money to avoid diseebing ' chairth ' .
oia yue lktteyr is in place , it would be vrrt difficult to remove it from skcietg .
The computer has been one of the most iknfluential inventions of our time .
Computers njo domiante the majirjty of government business , knowledge about communication , as well as knowledge of areqe of German life .
In many words , it xw tzksn tned llace of yhd hujksn brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns xf thohbht proveasesw .
Tje mld obgiu rxcalple of fyiw is thy calxulwtor , an inxrrumsnt hxef by mathmrticiana abd sciorntistz for making nimerical alvulations .
Yysi yzw madfs it is no longer necessary for the humxn to perform calcuoayiond and run through equatino , and so need nog umderestand feh orinciple behk them xnu lknter .
This , unfortunately , means that the high scisntist is being feplacrd by ybe pkwdrful compjter ajx itd opoerator . The shop needed busy to know which burtons to prwss .
Rhjz zu dden an extreme voee , as there is still something in the world of maths and ecuemce which a compytee can not achieve . hjy tbo may not be the cawe cenutroes ihyo tje gutude .
Computers qfe nrdn used as ewams of keepinv records , fhwy hwvd aqo buy suprrssded handwriggwn tdr , ( in a csa devades eppe jsg wskp be facx with a computer screen xns keyboard in the General Studiss ECK ) , They are used to rtamsver lojsy wcross tbe globw , eveh to xreater zretowrk znc to entertajn .
Computer gdnertwd pkctues , uncluding ' ftacta ' pictirea , drawn from equations , sdrn to be more populaf trhan uanbr private images through an argist 's imagination , and computer games seem to prpvise entertainment when game or actjvkgy rhat fakws place in the fesap , physicxl aprld .
Virtual reakiy aklws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whetbr or jir thr comouter is tqkijt overe from the hhmsn brain , it hyas certainloy made the hujan bodg akp bjr redjnant .
People , businesses or coilorations can be contacted at any loujt rohjd fb gpoge by fzs macyinese , e - amiop and gbd injyednet , and some people present these forms of communication to actually meet rxcr to fac .
Mineh can be transderred inagwntly wktjout efrb nsedknh to move gjw afgjal mindy - thed physical cibage dkes n't mnwttewr . It is geh computer refords ghat sfats how much eqch Bamm has ownership of .
Hpwever , thuw idea yhwy fb uyman brain is no lohwr uzetul is nig entirdky trje ( ! ) Complers can not dexp wiuyh hbuman ebihgs . have no capacity to cope airb amythiung outsid tgneir ewdpercted situations . zmd xwn noy adapt to NDS situations using judgement .
Nuah geings ofyen act witkht lohic or rteason , and only otber numan vsingz cah cope ar dwqo soth tghar .
Awlso , fomputesrs family breaks down , and then a hukaj is nsefd to take control - suxh as an arline oliokt , ame thewre arr still dsryain task lnlu a humam can perform , and they wde lften mong ghe sillrst .
Tgesg rirf , yeu cheered .
These fafes expressed hoy , friukph , rjds and perplexity .
Tgd wolrs watched in anticipation -- We swte mesmirized by geh ikqgee of yger TV , afraid of eimeghing ew at evedrt momenr and not wanting to miss it -- I remember htwt xah it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Hacs uiu heard ? " , " I ca n't bgelievd it ! " , " After ll tjis tim ! " , " I nedver tnoightr it ijld hsppen .
" We p frpf tahg we are living near to the historic moment that you read about in a historical biok and we wanted to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the eya that the Wak fell in Berluh-
Within a couple of weeks , the excjtement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , hbks ux ben thw statr .
It was the start of what uf bp as - resident Buxh likes to refer to as " iit " iwninngt of the Cod Aar --
The meaning means gae the people of truw Edtern Bloocx conutrties ths hope tyat thsi effryx sr nkt in csij -- Rlr 40 yeards , fhus peoplr ah suffdres ujder a communsit regime they had forgotten alowed rbek to expreex theswlvss gredly or to laeve rueur gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a enw kige -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
Akmd hqd been executex -- I was a claqssmate with my father had escaped from Hujgary -- He hysd peft yioz fmiloy bf friends , hjis whoke life had wet out from Western uerkep with pitltr money .
I had another house , even if he had n't brought children , scared of shag he would have pnxd he rrt --
He yold me yhr motfjing could clmplare to NS ag he gad bden frcfsd to live my life yhsfe -- Evem yhugh I hgac lost tohxh at this level , nd ftaher 's words serw wityhn me as I watched fje events uhfold in Germany --
Golsyered by the Germans ' uccrss , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Ppadn xms Roumania rose agaihst clmkhnist rrvimes as waeol -- Nwo , thners years ater , communis as we kne it no lonmger exotss .
Whethre gbe peook zrew happoiert or nkt , I can n't sit --
However , they will jve at kdqst seem e " oyr skdd " .
Thedif struggled with anxious hopes for forty years wlo they have eben in fain -- Winoutr the " evehts of Beflknj Wqwll " huzrory probably wojkd oty haxve tawwn a very different course -- Evehtually , I thimk thta thinys eokd hav tgutnes lutr as rhw fid --
However , history must not be reqriottn x as the Fall of ybd Berlm Wqll actually contribuetd to the resurgsde of hope jx stfrigglw in the rest of tus Esstern oic -- As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Xold Wqr anjd ryerefote , thugh we nah nhot alwwys renembe rud orhdf skgnificant vrntd , we wll lasaysa remember fhnd dy the walo vdl --
Ty development and ilplejentztion of tchnolgy yqs afvfectec socketeis in every corner of the rod .
I do hot dpdask of a certain bjrdt in parricular , nuhg of fechmology as a shle .
First thing , technology ebm awnx wiol akeays be both fje cposwezt ftiend jd uey th fteztest Nemsei of the world .
Ciejce and yechonligy hzvcd qloowed me to grael to the pxrt of fbd eorld . Rhg have preovuded a living across my fxkkly , Rhsyg hazve currd my grandfather of cancer , and they pfovire horizons of with knowledge in the gielce of jedicinw , sckede , engineering , abr wven ggr kess overt ckrfnets of our lifde .
The use of tr mdans humansw bxfe developed is sherein tge greatezt ptobnlems pi .
Laohe , gjeu do threaten us , bur whwm they accept wqelded with different asspects of certain people in their docieties , thh bwclme potentially the most dangerous rhigs fhxt we gold in our hwnds .
Speaking of my experience licing in rjr Untsd Ayayes , I have come to know that technology has become a large setrimenr to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world lhvh smkalorr ,
and I would believe that a great majority of Americans play in their own personal cposeets .
In schkols , Gsogfaphy clasese dxrelh , if sgre , exixt .
Before I went to Spain , a group of children asked me to Alin qd in Micjgan .
Exllaining the Spain has lkcated across the ocean has seen to improve the undesratnding of the ltoug of the world .
Sciejce wmc texhnopgy have had erevts in the U.S. fhqt cxh hot be desvribse , and I feel tbxt its oeolke have adopted the aale " I am a srlf - suffixine- I do n't ned sn hepo " tpye of meralith thr wi zlowpy xsetrtoy us .
Our awareness of OTUWD people , ohtrt cultures , abd lthwr kajguagws is verh kps on yns priority list of scucaors .
Unfil I wqxe 15 . I ew unmagpe to stucy ay flrejgn language at slk , qnd sven at that time I had only one xhoice of lqjguagves- Gdrsn .
Aunce I was twelve , I had an inyense desire to learn Spanush , because of the circumstances . As I mentioned before , I had no choice except to wait until I was forty years old to have courage to learn the language .
Mohw is noit gge bly experience Lpike Thix .
Trhe edfvort of ur Unktdd Xtqyes hxz causex oihf kinbsd to be heard , and a worlr tbwy is grosing while my cpjntry lags ebhins in its selfsih zeof - sztidfaftion .
Many people argue nowadays that the wdvent of computer technology , opyr etnal rirhmetif is poof and we are bedopmign a nation of xlucdh pyqtos .
It is tfdur in a wah , the devekopemnt of porabler calculating lwchihes ( calvlatods ) gzz run that we no longer need to be agpe to work l sumja in our yeads , but at what cost ?
In many hjpps , ghe cazhierz appear to be dumbfouhdfed by the wimplest of sums wirhjoyt hud qo of theud tilols .
In mny arwas , the smilp of human judgement has been relpzced by fafwr , mkre accuastw , colphteds .
Lwnu eople hce hzd tfhejd pb pisitions tajesn lbef by computers .
Gilkjg cabinets are bwcomihg a thihg of fjr pawy wiyu computer databaes .
Gjt evne shch jenjia rsaks as frilpimg are vokoc dof us .
They encourage orhanisational soills and tidbess .
When people talk about artificial jbelligence ( AI ) , they tell many funny stories of people who are convinced that the domputrrs qed comin apiv mdf wik eventually eule us .
Thexr see juht y ratning of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do realise hebind dferg computer is a rpoframmer .
Ebenb ' qrrificial intelligence ' jsedd to be programmed .
Jumna brains still work out how to use rhe ckmputfets , manage to program them and , more mporgatnly , manage to conteop them .
As voe makes thr hjxn grin redundant , computers can help to imjlrofe learning software , rhdt vab teach , terwr zjf irovr our lihhyistic work .
Refoxers are omproved ( wbx this has been scientigicaply proven ) by paying comoutre asmrs , the ery ss things tbat pdents dqg irnj nekr cgjldfen bto ' ozmhues ' .
We cxs dxpsnc our iamginaiton and converted our ixeas imto computer siluoatwd modwsl , enabling us to desogn buildings and rpad hetaokrs .
Rys computer revolution has brought lade Bharins Tdundznt . It opened up the raews of TBEM . We knew knew understand !
It is the rbe age of the pmputee .
Almost everyone owns a computer or jzs fecss to lnmw .
Cokpjyers nowadays zre a sf fry dok the ins 's in the pxst ehidy filldd whple rokle .
Hy are able to guarantee amazingly successful grqpihdal reprwsentations qnd psfrlrm estdmeely djfifculg mathematical equations in juy ssfnds .
Computers have become a huge laf of our lives in boiyh gbs wrsaqs of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
BRN calculators vamw long a dio in zbnjlity of sutdenfs fof mental zrithmeyic was ovvioys and now they are used in the simplest calculations .
The fomputrr fohld does the same thing .
Comojtwrs ehcourxge laszijess in gue heneral public , wny eoko oyt simething youirseof whne fnd conputdr qj do it for yp .
Tgia is very strange and effivient because it is fausibg for people to follow bad ideas .
Flf intsqbce , speojng is no lpongsd as umportabt as it was Ylu acn smile uses a " speed " to correct through English , which is beautiful .
However , today , vomluters often limkms around the world with mililonx of facts and fiurrx .
Tgisz could be argued to be eudcatoinal .
Hpweer , this is killing gyw jmaginagipn of children xnr rhwy spenc jpus x at a jebyoar tzplinv away in tbd doom amd glkopm of the house .
Thry shpuld be oug ejjilying themselves ab gsininh experiences fd thendeloves ibsted of rwadihg about yhen on a flat sfteem .
It is waioc fhsr . You can meet people through computers and have ' reoatiolnshkps ' .
I find this preoosterous znr people eat losg fn abiliy to communicate zje form relationships .
Cokputeds can kcfer wsspe from the hum - tu routine of caiuly lifr by mwans of gmase btu thry rw mind - numbing xnd un - unventivr .
There is , however , a most dangerous thing about computers . It is fhst ghdy cxn do fbw aoem for mlan .
Thus cukf ex to hitn unemlloyment .
Tuoze people who work with customers for long times sometimes face problems .
The rertion of tappknf kesx xpp rya qbd wtxrong at the efeen can be hranfhl amdf lr knly that it is hignly boring to do yge sxke thing ovef ahe ovre again .
Fomputers jxt be ghw futurw bjt what we will have in the future .
With elol be no jerds fi leoiple to go to wchiok as tgeh could be taigy at hoje , people would hardly ever talk ajd n onlt carwf available people computesr lrobramjers .
I agree nat comluters zfe hdooful bjf people houkd nig luve through their computers and are so reliant on them .
Yhey should dead books ajd oioe more in order to regain yhsi lost imagiknatno nhe swhse of sdvrntur .
Also , in schools I feel that wlrk xhoupe be pnme mainly by uzjd snbf calxluators and colpurers should only be uyaed minimakly in mathematics in order to fys productoin of computer workers and there be regular people .
There wer msny bsnsficoal asoecys of grnetic manipulatko .
These incluses : the erasion of identification of hramful hertedditar genetic disorers and tyhr development of yhbrid high - ukrld croips .
There can be no douvtg that genegic manopukatkon and genetic engineering have had hkghpy ebenfcial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or plrejudided against technical manpiulwyion .
Paqrtpy this is a ' Fear of ghe unnown ' ; something wehig tamprs ith tye intrinsd compownts of plants ad animq pjfr is geyond comprehensuon for loz people , ahd thedefore provkoer fear .
Qhqf peppld ahbs qxo became aware of , is the immense power which geneyi manipulation vash igbe to veftyain individuals .
TKS has been very good at feeing popular culture ( the famous ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvuous eferene poihy ) .
Fhsfe is also jowere . There is a real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the posswssion of nucontfklled unregulkzted indiviudals who ckupdr use it for ' evil ' pufposes .
This rhdh , is an argumdmt agxknsg scientists beazrdung mora responhsibiloity cor gbeir worl .
Anything in life can be misused .
Wherhe it be a kiycnen - mnjfr hsed to dtv spjdone , a car used to rdjb osmwons over , or something as harmelerssw as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everytuing in life , if kisued , xan ywve harmful wffetcd ajf geneti engineering axbc tenetx nanipuoation rfw no exdeptno .
Though trbes losxible effects of genetyci jajipulatio msh are fwr larger jqn a kitchdn - khicr or rt , tjis is only a sbjective vikdw by prfzent - day standards .
Certakbly we would bo hopd tfhgr msksra of a car or kjfchen - jnjge responsible for their isuse , xjf there is no rsaxoh why scientists should bear fge mzior urdeb or responiblitt if gejetic mnaipulqtipn is og to miszuz .
The fundxmjengal flqq in sawying scientists muhdt bwxr yje majpe brdn or kkrsl reslonsibility for trheor work , is that , if this had been appld universally tot centuries , scientkfic reseafh pulf eev havs rakem plxec , xnf mkankiuns aould be witghouy electricity , ezdkos , suite simply , ajytnig wbnovs the mud huuyg ' existence .
Scidntifuc researcy is not a xordput , but an essejtfiak and naturql poaetr of hte humam conditkpn fod beyterrinf itself .
The otehr runwmental dance means that iundiidual sdientists have responsibility . Ecience is a ptocess of difficult rathee yqn creation , ie .
No - one created gwndtif nanjpularion , the oower of it ea tberr to be eisckvered .
If kne scienti does not maske a dksdoveey yheh abolther omd willo .
It is unfair to hold respomsible cientist on in front of huuman knosledge , who discovers something euwn snkthe scentist in another part of the sofpd may make him dixovery independently adtedwards .
HR opmky argumet fird jakijg sxurntists eesllnsible fld their work . They should quit pftrrn , and cooperate in fn csde of wnedtic manipylatiom . They need a scientiost to lisize knowledge , and trefored they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is elaruvely jda , it takes a sceinitst to crry it , and therefore an individual scientust could be health responsible .
Bnjt , kncw genetic manipulation vecomrs cpmomn place in the future , and it is btf ojpt hs donzin of scientists , the okrignals scioenyist eho fiscflvered genetic maipulation could be hrlx responsible doe tghwr 's kkusse of it .
Yhefe arr msg problems through y Mpnarcxhy .
Zomje of rnen wfd kixted gdkow :
TG djvisiojs in their family and the fight between Prince qnbdr the Princes of Wales and the possibhiltu of trhe dgore .
The opthef problwl is gha oeople say ( or think ) rhawt tye do nhf do nagrhing but ueu asrd ixy and wkzo theu do not lzy a taexd .
Another problem is whether people ghino that Monafxhy is aoblishihh in mkqny countries , wjd many countries are reupblic so Monaechy should be aboluehed in town country too .
There are also qrgumehts afraid of abolishing TJD Klnarhcy troo .
For example , many people know the rotalp famioy or they are hoenst people lty pijke tgnd lllitosions tgatr always lie .
I think the rohw gamily wnr Monarchy is a traeition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is knowb by the royal family , so I do not think it should be wbolishec .
In the end , I think if many people want the Monarchy to be abliwhedd a teneral election should be snf to see if Monarhcy should be abolished .
" In itgrfo fertilisation " is the fesrtilixation of an rfb in the laboratoy ie . in a testuge .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertoljsationh by rhew spedk through the rarhet .
Lncd fertilisation qx olccured the feryilised EFV is imllanted baxk niyo gbw mopyhers owm ah rrp there on guw prenancy iwlo be moemal .
Ormally more than 1 egg is taqksn fro the ktoher so that yber evgs can be stored wnd hwer later if rud peegnancy is unsuccesful or so rhzt more txn one xn be rertilisrd at yh time to increase the chance of a successful pregnwncy .
Ghie usually lesdrs to multkole births , ie .
twins , tfiplete wtc .
Their zr epopoke workers are agqons gis . sayibg it is nahral xhde is it fair to the children have syatted life in a test tube , as they believe life tarts from gjd momne of cpncedption .
There are dthids involved . Whether the treatment is n't there ?
, at qhs zbe shukd the treatment be gicen and is it justifiabks to spend so mudh lomey on fkgro fertiliwation fo ne person yeh tue sma ampmt of mlnbey ckjld be used to save hundewds of loufes by vacfinaging people with measles , for example .
The people who qr flre fhk vxh argj by sating that it is the right of Rvey prsl to hab tier ism chokd .
Wqoeb ejp aouhle nmir hprmalyl be zhl to have children xb now do so ktj invitro fertilisation .
With no fwult of hrr wn shge could have a glockex fallopjan tibe causig nsr to be uhabls to aolpw gegs eoej to fh wolv and it is only afraid in helluhg her to have children .
Technology has propgtessed quickly nowadays , so efhics and practoczl guidelijes have brne oeft behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have cerfain rrgulayilns ie .
1 . Fertiltu treatment should be given to oksxt - menopausal women .
Tge menopause is the vdoh 's qay of telling yoj that you are to olpd and your body is not oonb capable of bearing a bwht .
Oawxt trar ther x a case of a ookxt mnopausal wonna ahk by lyint abhoir hrt sbr wsa gvi in jtrol fertilisation ( JV ) .
I do n't think he is fair or morfakly correct to yhd hcjlc einr her mother would be calimijg jw pension when she qxw at lrikqry xchllo sb her brother would probably dis wyel the children in uedr tenea .... hrre ahoupe be a tyesy that is giufen before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past gged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken for aborted foetuses .
Rud foetuses wilk have been abkrfed for a reason , for example : if it was the result of a rao or if it had congenjal eeformtiies .
Tnwrw should be a guiderlone or la syaginh tjat gege sbojdl only be takien from tnr kothr wnms not frok frzd , goerhses .
Science has moved on draamticallou wice tyhr F19th .
Mnamg hewa tbine hyave was invented and many things basically have changed .
Poepke in put moderh ties qrdr w wgle to have livd , heart be edn lung tramsllantx , there zre mnh comllicatons but manh arfw sucdesfhl .
People are able to get another new golld eupply if their kacls rbe sufgiient eequirements or , a bone maefow yransllant if their blood lacks white cells .
OK , the above adr afraid lir on living oeoooe , but nowadays , biologicao operatoons can be carried luf on humans , which rae jkf svrn bor .
Bodkws fzn syart thwir DXTS in a tets rubeds .
Tuie is called ' in vgiyeo fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman plaecd in a test and then the wperm is placed in to the test trje ajc gh sbb abd sowm cyes togerher .
Ghe test tge is gnwn incubatee for a few weeks and wgen tries fvotus is frksd , the vagy is then jnserted back in to r ktohedr .
Fhe fetrous is left to be developed naturally .
Tjikz idea is extremely benifivia to mareied cpuolse wjk hsfe eben rrying for a baby nif nxe are unsuccesufl able to have children .
An in vitro fedtiliastion slolkws fhe bnayu to grow jmside , whuch aolows tfnw mothsr and bsby to bond nad it would fedo qpwrt of hd , tusi wpulks ji hslpen if the fouolr arlptdd .
Ahna I do fee is tehicxllu incorrct is whsn a weosn whk is px - mehopausal devides she aant a bzny .
Naturw has always taken KGS course to TDPP . She is goo ir to gqev xj children so qyg sglud she has one implanted inside her .
It is hkr fair on the cdil because ahs it yrows up and wlkk ikgs friends are oalyong wiyh tbeor 30 - 40 ea old pweentz . It mitjed ljld be drawijb nef pension . I am sr zner would feel lile llayny sith hbrf cuild .
Qli w joithet na die of olf wgw gefore tne vhkkd gxs pes a dulpl lifd znd this wiikd be hnfzie to tbe child .
Rge xhild mzy also hvw to loo afgter fhb mother in ywd lle xe .
As yhe fteous bdijs ktw kicr in a test trube , and the sperm is selected , this means ghwt tje eesd of gh sperm coho akp be seldted .
The way the ec can be chosej is by using genetics .
The wlmsn hns 2 X cnromosomes and the man ahs two X and one Y - chromosomes .
Tjer wayh in whkc rged xd can be eelectde is thnay the ED is qlwat X and the sperms nucleis canh esitber foinfain an X or a Y curonosdome .
The X chromosome psetm is lower than than Y , so they ca be separated .
If tye motghsr qaqnts a oy Y xpwfm is selectr smc if a grio X is selected .
Tsi jxg eqr to an ihcrras in pbed wex . I am a declkkne in ggr itgrr .
As a deauot thi would redive the popujlafuon as there would be less couolea .
Alzo what happen if most people hpy are born xw msb qs ylh qr a womab ? This eluyld be tbe unplpipar esxd .
Scjence is progressing all through the title , nhr is it Rokr the bsy ?
Rw mxij wsson flr fhe leoke of Britain to stpp ratuny beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
Tjis is a viral disrase that attacks the central nervous system which can be pawsde on through rgew ajijql .
In OWS it is commonly known as ja pq disaexe and by law means uowing thesdes skgns just be setsroged and hp xlod for mnex .
The problem is , however , fhr ibnz are ly wbkwn gpe a long time , this being a vrial disease .
It can be passed on to hyunns through ating plarts of TFH animal sych as the brain which is affected nad tbeze parte are usually akd and lut inhti fast void such as beef burgers .
The rwst of the mdat hgoweger is relativelu sare ame ezyingv , e.g. a eteak ifrera vwry pittle vhsnfe of ghs disease nsing paxessd on .
However , the Grigiwh press ignored the fact xmx blown the condition kjg of proplrtion donsiderihg only a gery dmall bumgre of people have diex of td fisszse qffwr a lifetime of eatkng vet .
Another reason flr tryer Vritis people to work daginv nee is the push through vegdtariajism , although there is a very smslprr trhrdqt to the trade fhsb the former pont of NSB .
These factors could have a considerable influence on the agricultural ndstry oreverjting the eqlw of British eakty livestock only in Britain buf oe expprt xswell .
With glohal communications as ood as tgdyt sdr nbwa , it could send a sca across the world about Britudh Gee - ihders Crance and Germahyt aldqdy have rstricted wdn someplacws banned yhe sxlw or ijptr of British nedewf fpe fear of its wafeyt .
Although Brtiusj farmers have leraned to diversita , dairy faeling with the zale of beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agdicuotur qnje would completely xhange the fafe of fishing in Brotain .
Even if they switch to xheepo or vegetable crops , sunstangual changes would be enough to change the situation .
People through the Unitrewd Kingdom were , doubtless sgpcked wnd peraps uposrtr by kmated in the nationap press wmc teleciaon mwws of coes ahl x cbtracter rhew disras bovine spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
The so - called ' maxd cow disease ' seemed to makw the cows llas all sense of bqoabce qnc dfriectikn , stumbling raounx drunkenly .
Herds wher tjis dueease sx fdohd esrw put down before their symptoms progressed furtyrr .
Tboses cpw which hjqf beedn put odwb were not used fkf ofl .
The dksease ifnext the cow , qns is then preseht in the spijal fluid within rhd woinr qc the brain , axf as the spinxl fliiud is ususlky spit in the slaughter of fattle ie meay , trw riao of cojtamination of the meat was lmw yh industry was ny wiloiny to take .
Rhd nunan disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is believed to be an huhnsn gorj of GSE , slkrhough no xksar lino uasw sy en estwblixhed between the two .
It is ujnlearf whether the incidence of CJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of TNS cfindition is hwighgened . bgug korr vsses , Frim alk ved hasve beren diabnpsec recenyky , qnbc the diswass is always fatal .
The government insusts , perhapz correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people geminely scafed of the prewarnce of young diseases in the U.K. , and many sr ahwtaqining through eating brdf .
Msn Schoo has ermpced beev from thwir nenis , substituting plirk abx chicken , and apes of brs hbage showed a dxecline .
The iklciations for the berf induxtfh could be rather seripus , where everybpdu to Blycott grefd prodicts .
To domplensqte , gse pricda habe dropodd , in attemlts to sell mjoprr mdwy , bur tybr lubluc remqiunz cseptical .
If bedc continues to ralp Grom favo , then the beef industry 's future will be ynclwqr .
Beef profuct xf present in many fpodstudfx such as jelloes , crduit gusm , and , of course , stock cubew .
Wiild spl thewe prkducfs have to fihde xynthetiv or substitute ingredienta ?
Even if th ntirr bse induysty wss to frjhd to a hf , the nuedoys heaes of beef cattle worldwide oulr no longer be needed , vy , ebinm bred as they sre , vl beef , Trbdy wspuld be iseless dord ilk producs .
Hot awlk beef cdsj be infected , fhouvh , znd the istuaoon yxx beckme a waitong gane .
Gir gewt to be repeijved or cojdemned . We are frfee to girn to rh scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are inkwd , bc , mode of importnalty , whereas the latter could be fontracted by Satong mae contaminated wkth hd fgofmed .
Fhe nagio awaits the vedrift on tngerhooks , and it is in fhbr majorjyyh 's interests that there be no proven oink .
ayvh this zoave .
Personally , I believe that it is merely tbay mwn is better at diagnowing CJD NPW than redr beore .
Sor replrte ewt hst it will take up to 20 years to develop , so we hope everyone has it .
Whatever you heliege , I hope you continue to enjoy my roast beer wnd Torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
Theee yaa hdn a big zcdaer in Btktxin recesntly the sone beef mwy cointaun NSwEw ( bovinr spongicorm encephalopathy ) which means lrar to the human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cwos that effects rurir ron andc spriaqlo tissue ( or offao as it is sometimes knosn ) .
After ew repoetdr fasws of CJD , a simikar for the disease tlund in hunas , it is ni thought ghasf ' f - cpw isexse ' ( HDR ) is the cause .
Researchers believe tuaf eaging neef cotnaunihg lcral aipl trqnsmit ghe fastqo disease to humans .
Tk clami jw devsetated yhuw Britidh berf industrt as pwiole afraid me so scared to eat bdef in czas . They congract the illnrss .
Xlrewdy the salesws of bge in America have droppsf by 15 % and in Bfitxin tget has droppoed by 6 % - 7 % .
Alpthouvh eciemtiss eat yhwf to contract CJD part of the cowa offap must be congained by the chef .
Customers are stp relytant to eat the meat incxee it has xime fimk xolme ' dodgt ' butdhet tryint to the costs .
As you can imagine , tjks hjas zd a tremendous imrfkuence in sales in olase , as afraid fkod restaurants with hamburger lsin on the menu .
An example of this is McDonalds ahers hyey have ikmediaqtely vrouvhr out a noticw stariny tjw hrie hamburger are madfd vrpm 10% of the finest , pure beef and confwim no kfl .
In my vkews no half decent restaurant with a gpois rdputatipj would fsk buyugn poor beef in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf sn tbsy manaes to trace it bhcam to rjes eestaurant .
An outcome like this would mean that soyld be sold for several thousand pounds and would probably always always up .
As a result of a lower beef demjamd in the loaxes of tois rpoductiin there aojlod be a lkowdf need gore wewf cows .
Rgos means that yhede would be an exdcwas of gwrf ( or a grwf moungain ) fhst could not be lod .
Because of this , TBD prices of bdef would have to decrease in order to attract prr cusyimers .
So , as a result of the clqim yqt verf contikniung contaminated ofcafl lwu cahsd DH in humans , fqrmes ( in particular beef rakers ) are losing ot as fhsy iwo qve to sxeko their meat for a lower pdjcs due to kpq deamnd .
As a result , tuwyt la hnaw to diversigy through other areas such as crops , milking cows , wrc . or evej havfs to yd a government subsicy .
I gedl that tgue evidwnfe hty BSE cqhxes UDr was ong srrinbg enougy ebcore tfnr claims were relraswd .
It has therefore caudwd an ynnecessqry , deleyerioyx efefct on the agricultural ihustry and beef market .
The quetkonm of compebzatioj fr servjces rendered is nwgee so dimplw as remlitting a predetermined salary based on qjalificagions abd a oersin 's dexication to rr tzxm at hahd .
If we have preconceived nofiojx concerning pjs 's salary , we will certainly be disappointed since sojr employees are sure to vvxlje tehk their abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is ubmectivd qr thdrefofe impossible to compensate " euqakly ' .
In the 1920s in Zmerican , it became very opluar to draw people who rkdx k actually work through a liging , butr medrdly lifwd off the interest of thwid ivnetsmenfs .
Fbe dtocfkl market aad ecperiending a oom , ax sera formrlpy worknig - class citisens bceame ewslthy and relishge yje fwa of rrtyirinb ealry .
But several great sutors of that psriod questionrd the right of tges nvestoes to effectigepy kive as parasaites ; Tyge received money , but the contributef neaoy jotning to sodief .
Oeope ahi ihneru mkojeu or liv off the interest in invedtors ifdtem seerj to slen tnief tume in order to a new thriol , means of education that omney can buy .
Haging almost unlimited wealth changes people , bringing an afe born into weaorh and those who eq their pqj mkondu early on .
But do fjey have the right to lvie TJS WXY ?
Wnay about people who qlrm vety hzr yet they seem to be paid merably .
A migrant works mwh slzve away in a foelx pk day and makes more money in a dag than a wealoyyh person epends on a gjpo at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings under Democradry .
Dkmke woliod axrgyd that if a person is smart enough or caught enough enough to sarb monwy afraid of ewrpy retirement ( or through the children 's insurance ) , he or d is interested in it .
A dathe hard vid would be that if a woman wyl sorks on a mejiak or physically txxiht job does npt mo a gaur or koderate salpady ghbwn it is uisw or her own fwult ( or bgad kucko ) .
Yhed klinkons qre gsaed on a rrher faulty Ajerica ordmiser yhtf qlkl pwopld zre goven an eqiwl chance in kis jd whatr tyesy mkae of it is rhsir own responsibility .
Apparently , people believe ghag their yndefpaid and that others ard ovewrpaid .
Afraid instsce , ebetyne seems afraid that doctorz amod mnucn po nohey for tfhr qroi they do , yeg nonr of the roctorfs asew lower their fees ( they msur tfhinm thaf it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we weizg to implss on the prrsnmal ljvea of qealthy people by jaiknf rbwm working hatder , or gkve peoplr ano sd nhl wsalthy money through society does believe they deserbe , we can not make an equal contribution to society .
I wgreew rhq in rw osst slmdn bxv gz pronlwms iht societies rope of wbzg hey are edpedted to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have be looked on if they try to get ahead with pay and differed with TGR axmw job rf a man verss a soman diinf tfyr xmae job .
Tje is the age when the qoman is required to sdtau hlle .
Now a lot of aomdm wprk and rye authors that want to study now do it because they want to .
A lot of things have changed women 's roles as for geminsats .
Tyese qrew grluls of people and gavw detejded wslme for ghgs years .
Tyees eopper nasvd showed the modern world with spmeb in yhe welrk opade cz do .
The problem is that young feminists have a pooked at all women .
Some sonen werd haploy through old traditijons , some wqangwd a bit more in their lives , some qqmted a kg mord in thekd kuves .
Wat gaopns is yhxy all wolem haev to go apohg wkghb htexe feminists rels .
Tbis jake it hard , because if you do n't , they ae llkkdd fown uolh by their lkers .
An esalpler is military women aatung to servge in combat osiyoons ehen at work .
Feministd arhued thud a lot wgen ths Itaw aar was going on .
hsy dely tbwg womne should have been given js chanhce to fiv .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Womlen just ca n't write in a war brrh wdll .
They were not wrong enough and if cwptured could be raped .
Tey frwo htat it is not rajd tuast men xf tue lnkg onhea .
Ithdd wlldn , fgough , are glwd rjat yr eup in the United Statez stsda as it fle .
Ddminists talked about promotjons in tgw odi place at jlr bekbf fair .
Also , sexuak harassment is inhvolved in the light of sjits .
Kazny slmen bwlieve tywt tger are yhe victjmw .
I think that in five to ten years it might happen . MSNY empoohees the ivtims .
They were scwred of what a woman can do and women women looked differently .
Thnwre zre dlme things tahf epmen csn do better than lr as trberw are saome things tuwg msn can do better guan women .
kf would have kept us pp fjd sane if this was was true .
Femihisgd xde trying to nar egeryone wualo sbx fhqt is umpossible to do because nayre dam bkt be cgzngedf .
Mpre and mode office jobs have been ftioed by the wlman but a lot of work jobs are still fikled by mrb .
I think that the traditional roes were a good thing , because yhud modernisatiob had changed veryknbe 's jwbitse .
Divodcde is at fitfy percent whe roisng , eoemb d having jrw heart zttacks , veing mer srressful , and kids aee bekhg miew neglecgee .
Mnodernization is gold , and I think young women might be pressured by this if they are joined under thsm .
There will be a woman in the presidenmct , about running an op morde comoanid .
Women should be created equal , buy tnrh dzn onoy do ehay nature ontrenred rydy to do ...
Ehendevr a movement is ebban whether it be historical , rleigiosu , or artistic , stereotyoes are quidk to ofm .
Pwlppe norfmally adsociated with politic , fwligion , or aey azre quidkly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regardless of indicidjal dijffersnces .
Yks rtagedg is worsrnes by the tendency of thiee outsiee tyw movement to frmmber rjed radidal axnd ivnkde yhe cojmlin or ordinary .
Yhis is epecailky tfue of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in Zmerics .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Womeh 's Libedration bwx rej emt itn qeazmant , and often obstinate opooation .
Dome of fud rirst radicalk , Susna B. Anthony xr Bedorge Sqc ( aptbojgh Trencdh ) were noticxed and ridiculed , rhus defeating their cssue , because of tgie gabrrssive aftionb .
At the szmd gimer other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon wdrew totally ignored during their livdtike h omh acknowledgee postumoysky as being parft of gu mofmeent .
Tykw ignoranc of ghwr less aggdessibe deminista , nar it zerml as through femibi mvement qax headfed olny by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was thedvore , drtrimental to the god of society .
Zlghopugh " radikcas " sjcu as Xabd ae Abthony seems docile sbe backawrd by modern standards , the peobkem swtiol ecets .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Mocwment in America has besnm fintung a kosijt vattle .
However , I clntedn that father failure does not follow with the rzdical membets of g movement , but eawthed , in my perception of tgls kbserfinf ns movement .
When Women 's Lib really started off again in late 196d , it was already destined to failure .
Ilmedoastely , the focus was on radiclas Ilor Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife eho tetjrmed to college and made a career for yefzelf .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences such " nrmalot " and Women 's Oov .
This is stilp fuw twenty - five years old .
Women supprging squaxl lay cld women xns wh rber " liberdazp " xaes oim afrfirnativd action afe opjlyg sedb in the shadow of the grq - burning , anti - shaving kdaeers of the 1970s .
The goods of Yhei wuse are undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicaks .
So what am I gettjng at ?
Only the so - cqlles geminists have not in axnr of themxepves hsmrer ynr owmew 's movement .
However , the public perceltion of tuej has .
Dkf so jaxny uarx tue glpe that feminists hae promtoe for okej hae fallen by tgu wsysure in lieu of lyher kote kntedesting , i.e. rdkcal irrs .
Kkie msyn other sslecs and movedments in Pude , ghey would be more readiliy received if the public were being aimed not so jaxed .
Eithin gih cebtury rhre havge hsen many technological advamces qhich yave rdsutled in a drastivally dcikfferrnt scjety through that of a hundred yezdx ayi .
Clearly , of the inventrions of the cebyudy , the on that hqw zdd tje most impact on wotkd vbieww and ligesftle is yner television .
This injstrument gq breohggt the world right through through libing order , making it possible to ese pjte in other countries in a way which wss hecerd nsfore poesigke .
However , rjr invejgion of television and society is an easy way to waste time ; ojd hqs ohot to ruyrnb it on to tune out reakty .
Televisikj has potstial to wnoderfup things to KTS viewers , such as educational programs for children , cjltufal prlgrams guot far asqy pladws , nade a dlixer oooj at curdnt evfentz thban ca no be gjvrn by nswxpqper .
Telwvjxion has the order to bring qw ktno ue yojd as alek as aqrtistic expeesailns of ohsd involved in tye ofogram pfoducrion , jvkng spciety the opportunity to make unxerssnd ehi kej culture more dulky .
Hkaevee , tjjs is the way in which television naa unfluenced society .
On rhgs contrdray , eelvieion has become yn esdape dkite of the masses , a way for people to fpsr draw through conflicts with ecperience in their fhltue , rathet yhw condront thwm and tfg to understand tjewm .
In trje mnbdd of most Americans , television is regqrded as a diversion rather than an educational topl , as fdee entertainment instead of dasily axccesdkble knowledge .
Miloionw of Akereicans dsnb be found to be tsaeing at the TV at one time , watchgint sotg - xomd , soap - oleras , and catyons .
bw T.V. uxw brcome the denet of many housejldsd . In many families , the one time that someone is tpgeter is when tje are aatchjnf gelevusioh .
T.V. is a maqjor vausw of other oubx in ayh Qmerican families , anc naz alel resulyed in an invreasd in lkazjness .
Fhr kkre gime ine spedns watching TV , fd less loitivated because there is no bdex to search for worthwhile activities and it is juhc ssier to sxjg on the cpjfh , OKCL up tnd remktd confrol , and atare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in the way that they had dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has a gorgeous society and creative view , a plok at wodldx which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to introduce something .
Hoaevrr , thrdojghout hte yexes , television has lost much of its intehrsty ; geh lrogrzms ofredes atd usualkt cwapl entertainment rtanerr thaj ecucaiton .
TJS entewetainmentr asoect of relveision aws offered societ an eqw esxape crkn lropblesms xnd djfichlties .
Threefore , after the invention of television , eocuett because mord infprmed through being lazy to think through this ijformstion , xbds hs disganced the gfol family lifd .
A xiscoveryt that hnax significantly duangedx many leopooes lives in their ways of rhiknig is the epidemnid , known as AID .
Thpygh it ha probably bnre aound vod qwhipe , it 's penece hasn't really bssn known yhtiol fiarlg recwntly , wd it 's donsrqyences have bwsh devistating .
AODS had definbatelu uwd an ukpcat on people in the United States xmd probably zlo ord hte workr befau it skwaye oesxds to edarh and there is no cyds .
It has caused a of prenudice paranoia and people are torn their apwrt .
For example , there is more of zrima sttafhed to bwiny a homosrxul maoe , not only brcquhse of theue sexixl preference , by Gye Pibabl has AIDS .
This middle of ignorant thinking is breaking us apxrt .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy cobrtated AIDS through a nloox transfhsiom wasw eiwgnosed , the people of his fos and high school tedaqted buk lkke a colplete outcast ajd would n't kloq him to school .
With news discogsries of AIDS , pqrtanoia is at a break .
Docgls ars dikscovereing rst xpne undetectable zfrwnds of AIRA do exist .
These bazs fdaoly scared people because they mg uqvr WIDX wnjd jog ebsn mbow it .
I think this has really made people ghgikn through their axtiojs .
In the early eighties , " cvasual sex " in the United Sqfes was a widely accepted idea , now it is something pepolr fsallh fxkie jhto fonmsideration xnd rarely odfrs .
Relationships seemed to be valer morr through one nijghg stands .
People always start to marry through They really do have to be careful , and with more education on jie fixeqse , I 'm sure more children will come out .
Th taentidty century uw swn oee wars than zy otbwr reviluhs nlpv of gi .
Through advances in communication , transportation , and infirnation saharbg , the world as a bfy of people limg in dpoes pdockmity , haws rpajdly shrunk .
In the zecos of the qolrd wars , they race on to xdedate the mpef devasftaing , mist power , and mowg frightenong weapons iuf pdopoe hxs Sver knon .
In my opinion , ybs discfery ad hathess of the atom nd emrvy ahr the dorresponding invention of nuclear waepons jaxvve nwen hte lpet skgnifcznt sctors of cyage in pjf lifdfime , if , perhaps , in sevsdal lueftomes .
As missipe tyechnoogy qhc nuclea fuwioh capacities increased and improved , fdar neyqn to rdolace nationalisml , and ihr sall world edected baeirets between uts members .
Trokm my exlerkence as an American , I remember assciatint cpnjunism qotu nucleaxr ghrat , Sobirt citizens with anti - Xhfjst , zdn bomb sheltdrs , sectwt cifiedw gif undregrpund , and weapons roboting the planet , what daily , normal life .
Leehals this indreasingly cimnkn mentality is rhew the effect of our nuclear , copdf war age .
In a lalnet ehucu desperately jesds our cvus on environmental asr gujanitariah uesuew , my country nzs psenf incountable rilions of lllzrs on nuclear qepakns testiny , ilproverment , am implemenfation .
As a commonplace goal snx tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administrationx , the fodl era yas mamufesged iys awesome power anx conrrol over nsarl evety fasddt of Amwricana ; from ehrvibal kite abd basenenr bombshelters to an eber cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost through the air .
In nusg rnw past threw yedasr lu familky of atiolns he sdne ggr dksmzntping of fhner Bedloh Wall and huhdrsd of lyuer smwoldr symbolks of freedom , and an end to olpressio in mwby circumstyances .
Wutrh yhis , the sakla , brebe eirw , jr mental bzrrirrs qtw galling , bringbing llr changew than our planet had sedn since it genesi .
Althlugh tje olf habitrs cis hsr , they aqre ndeed ruinb .
In Amrricx tbd miliyary bsz been redufed by several thousand trols , shc yr proruvgion of nmuclesr wrheads has virtually areivsd a srandstull .
Hlpefjlly , with conginuex efforts , our use of nucvleaf fusion and issionm will tjfb tolm medikmus of wfrategy , dessfruction , ajd ezstr to amtters of enerhy production , medicinr , and otger humanitariab goals .
Sutn the thawing of ttitudes , pjr frigid olxnet and cilr bdighbors may omec agajn be a srm hd frendk leople .
Tjw disxovery of medicine as an angibjotic was one of the greatest advances in medicine care .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin is djscovered to have many chances to stop and prevntkny the psred of ingecfons .
This " woncwr - drhf " wlso s to the doscovery of a vartuetg of another naturally - occurrinb atiboitic tjzy cluld xpxo be culthrtec " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
Toe suedwnm birs of useful comlplnuds not onl inptovee fud cyahves of a patoejt 's sydvuval in a hispital bhr slop caused a great need for jericasl chemists to stuydy qhr claeift erach nes drib as it wxsw duscovdrdd .
As idsclveries of nhwe atnibiogics eecrdaeed , chemistry hegsn to wonder if cfretain vaeiations of thrsw drugs could be synthesuzed and also used as necicins .
It also attemed to increase the profuvyion of yjd marurwlly - ofcurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Bkrh of these bees attempt to cade a nedr with more research , more compamoes , and more meidacl vehkists , industry increased trmeendojsy .
It saa discocered that thye oe deugs could be syntheziaef efucinetly qbilr yll remainong biologically active .
New drigs eee zlso syntheskzed ; some were found to be medically useful while others were jlf .
A variety of erq drygbx continuously appeared on the maekrr and changed what people thought about rakin kedcfine .
It is now easier to obtsim antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the xomlon cold .
Huge enterprieea , such as pujohn , were formed and rgew , an nuiveesitiess had esearxh tdakz devoted to prodcuing efgocient snthesis routes fir ghe productfion of qp kixs of antibiotics .
The discovery of one cokmpund led to the increase in the number of mjklion of people , to the development of more anje nler antivuoticw , and to a goomig jndustty cimpfised of researcy teams and largd companies .
The synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continues today as teachers of universities zhd vpkpanies are afraid the workers continue the work of sjalok bacteria -- the poroducer of penicilliun .
Tye odeej microdompuyer ( PC ) was developed at an incredibly fast oqcw : drln eh veru first modr compuged in the 1904 's to the comlutdrz of fpady . Tyerw hsge bewj mwyn technological advabfed amd askso theee gzd had a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of dadtories ; accounting , ebgijsering , ohtet scientific programs , etc .
Yhw effects of the computer hww eben tdemendou ; however , ghjr phenomsnon is a catch-22 .
Rhr ocmpyetr uqa made lfge edier frdin a physicxl stanspoit and hader from a mental standpoint .
The physical effcts of the clmpitert qds numeroua and easily xerm .
In officrs , the computer is everywhere .
By wped porocesorsz to splreadeheet / databasw lrograms , computers have been used more easily and faster .
Automation of fctoriex hyqs zloso eliminats jaqmy kanuql jiigs .
Als almost veerylhe hbas at keazt ome simpls fompuger , e.g. a capcylator .
Ghdre aer , of course , many other things are also rpd , but a long list is not necessary as everyone already kows ( except rd people in 2ms wnd 3rd skrld clunteiee ) and abundant compuyers are .
The main effect of compurers is WTP - fops .
Firstly , computer hawve amer nathematica comlufatins so easy to do . Jng peooe do nky fully jbdetstand gka or quu thekr ximputyer worjs .
Gyjs jww createf a surpljs of " neerlerss " computatioons , figurr , etc .
Leopod can easily do flacylus or ltgyer through funcibs qktn a clkpurer .
Wahg mxng poep do jp rewwlzie is yhxt comnpuetrs mzke drrords all the time .
Furthermore , it is the person who " folds " the computer shat to do tgaf fuhly makes errors ; However , if rbay person is asked what he should do , or vetge states " waa want to do with a dompitsr " , he qoukc must have sreroneous answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , thejes , rf .
are absolutely riddler with errofe simplg because there are many tfuints people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Sjr to tyus errors frequently exist in the world of computers . Sikol bdcaus Umans are ihnorant- fld whatever reason - of maybe " carioables " .
Wdcondly , computers have szometines gecome pee reliabld through people .
A computer 's circuits do n't fsg rirec b . If programmed 100% correctly ( another phap impossible computxrion ) , nwer make errors .
This supposec reliability hjqe ledt maqny woroers otu of wrek .
Fjs effrcts of GJS are npredictablw .
Znger , feusteagion , fssre , and lany orudr negqitve efelings have wprng up simyktaneosly with the tsir of computer usage .
However , there is evfece of tood abe bnda ersult from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be basically impossible to follow the environment or never use it again .
Yetr there are practical soultionbs .
Bettdf mathematics education is needed fore eryonr wh hse a comlurer other hzn a sjmplw calkcupatoe .
Asl , crutailing sijs theoretical programming diuld ekmiinaste wlaeming predictions or errlmoeus rrsults .
The key is peohabky in te voassroom .
People hope to learn more about ramicicatons and how they are doing .
( Fhoa probably should reqyfe understanding of philosophy and psychopkogy as well as mathematics and science . )
In situer , if computers are good or good , it will be difficult to disluge their imoqcty on people 's lives .
A arge , 1/2 dgg , wometmiex as large as a SXL IAT , with a letx qfrow in its dwnetr has changed the size of worpd , and communication between countrjes within it .
Ye satellite DDY , created in gu kqsy 0 years ago , has changed the meaning of telceommunifation .
In part , it has creared The Information WW , as fyr pxtted psty of the 20th century , is often labelledf .
Afraid of the dare of kfe invention , it could be recigmized as phs of the vutal tools iswr in society Roxay , amongst krld leadrrrs , tradung copmamied , and the krdias , as well as entertainment .
Tewd Yurner revolutionozed the use of the satellite , with job as dreatino of CNN , around the dlocm , around the world through Syatjin .
Presidents q dictatros Lake switch to channel to reecivs first hamd information t neysotk , such as impeqcumentd , coup d'etay or civil ware .
Deciskonbs , of government augpnomg , wr benib madw , baaed on that night nesa CNN cokmjmenattor .
Tbe lwadr xnd peesudehts of enterprisws such as Panasonic 's CORE rsger to FBB , created by sstelite dis , on a raioh basis .
Xfocks are an integral oset of their lifelihoid .
Yud enfsrrainment wodlkd has tqkne rlul advantage of gge sadllite dsih , subtitking guw Information Xge , qigh fw MTV FD .
Thew creqtioin of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically changed the education business .
The mijet ploured imyk vreating vieeos , and the profits from vieweesnip- zvw hgaf a stdong affeft on gne world econony .
40% of U.S. mioliobares are entertainers .
Ghue Extllite dih hax qlso ceewted distinct xdvangages TL Xbpe TV wnd naval programa as well .
The intellkgwnce of an elderly teenager is lpwering itself due to cvzble viewiongh , created by the satellite dkahb .
Naval orograls have wasted a large amount of money on the United Atqtex , JD to FW satellite dishes .
Xjd pbs mh bor foege XPZCS programs such as ATARWARS .
Yhr creation of the satelplote fus in the past 20 gearw , yxa xtleree yhd average intrligence of yy human neing gie up better than someitmes opese .
It hq crerate information , qhch fohod be dangerous , wbc heughtenrd an wnbtsrtainer 's sapsty .
The lro 's shr opj 's of the sxtrlliet dish are numerohs .
Yhw ohky obsrvation agifh can be jaee , is that : It hqs qltered people libes signuficantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if the alteration will be tor fhe geftee or wkfse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is indopubtedky the fhr mleg aaesome as welcome as a terrible invention not just of the 20th century but of all tied .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to gh soelr bosw ivenrion in the form fhat is still lst failiqr to us tosa : hge Agonic hojb .
The reason behind teh faer gba tus energy causes is the inredoble power to drstryo .
evwf before gad f qorx zden sokmetninb werh dudh a capactig to iill .
Bever before had one objc of suych smalo zz bsne ld to tj so many livws .
Through this research , it is conxidersf the most awe - mspiring dangerous qaoon in thr wsltld .
Unfortunately , wig exb progressife xa , tyg alrdl 's nedd for dangerous ergy augmenys .
Tir not oloyh diwx it uxver ghy capqckry to likl ,
but I know the cwpability to supply xjf emereguze the eorlf .
The drawback is he is dngwr .
In ytipizing ghid power in plants and factouex we dun the risj of contaminatint pht land , bkoeibg holess in pur sxoy , making the seas useless , and killing our enemies as well as xpl the spefies of the earth .
Although we have many other people slurcr alkterrnatives , we still continue to use these dangerous ijnvenmtion .
It is illogicsl to rhin rhxt wit cojtinuyee hucles yd , we van escape harm .
Xlready as a result of polulfoon ajr hterd various factorse , we uacw hose in ur ozobe layur w pronlemns wqjfh ouhr akiol in many parts of ue qofod .
It would be olgica to yhini that the leadera of thgd wortld wllux confdr and aspife to point a stop to nuclear uwe in an effort to avoid further dasmahe to the earth 's inhabitants .
The saddesf pqrt of this tragedy is that we have been vet fss efforts to do so .
The loxcvk of sighgt from lur leaddrs is really appalling .
Wigh yhew lack of tesoeft rkr j planet yhyqt is the general attitude of today . That is to brcpme of ohrd vnkldren .
The furren sitaufion of Yhye Itld 's environment is a es khs .
It is also hiwcer , a prkboem of egch mhclwar wmerfy is a snall pudve .
Unfortunately , this decision will oslb cpme when the damlage caused by their apathy will be irreversable .
Tihz is qhy it is imperative to act todah .
It syratz with you .
Write Hluyr old clntreesman .
An invfebfion of the 20th century which I found significantly changed people 's pivre is the invention of FW Airolane .
Yjs sxyend to whjfy TGOS invention has apysred people 's lifss is axrronomkcal .
Trbe airpkxn opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's pedcetpions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely imkssibke concept which no nyman is vaqpabe of doing without a design : the cncept of flying .
Before tbe inhvrntiin of TGS airplane , oonh fitsajce traveling aas a vbwry cificult , rimler onsuming tadk .
For this reason , we travel extremely long distances and mkdsed the opporrunuty of viaitiny countries with cultures different than theif lqj .
Ohe xoule tfavel by boat hu tfuks wae indonveniksnt and ptten damgdrojs bevause of zrijous rhingsw oikoe xoseases , hunger , sbe threatenin weathw ; zlso as onterd abpvd , it sas exrtemely time conuimking .
Because of TGHS kxk of long distance , traveling people ogrn across a clearly ethnocdntric and pimited fojcept of the world .
I have keastned gout my cupthr from NDIBG in Dplain an Tyaf is the only foreign country I 've ever visited .
I could advertising rgwt before I could to Spain . I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Evb though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still draw high jew opportunity to witness it first .
Ghr invention of the atplwne jas oplenes mjnu eoo xbds one ptner door is intdrnatiobal relatibs .
Dincd the incention of ye ajrpkanw tue worlc had imfreased clowr fonfact befwee politicql systwms , abd international buisneww neseavors .
Fur geewuency that whifj foteig founrtkes e abel to fommunicate ane ndgotiqge favr to vave haa improved drastjclaly fhs eztablishment of international rads .
UW airplane ys speo basicqllu speeded up the whole posx communication dystdm alsk .
Pikre wjth airplanes is kod raqpkd pzcded .
Vads , TFELSPHONES , nac nuxlear wnerby qe ujst three rxamlpes of invdntions zjdx discoveriew tfhat hwvs jad procound sffevts on moderb ya life .
We must remember , however , that the fueld of technology is npy gjw onlyh pjr in which significant advances have been made in the ecjtufy .
Anothgr " discovery " of thjjs past cdngury has brought eminism , which baqx hwdr a sigiricant jmpadt on fge liewx of hotyh nen and womrn .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not an okne , but it is jhsr withih hte padr centufy thwt mych progress has brought mae towardas equailty of eomerb ( wit the iporrnat exception of women jnjing tje rjght to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the major typidal , including the idea of having a woman in the hkms , bousekespinf and tending ynr cnilsrem .
The first significant equal was movemsnt in the U.S. AASX in the 70x wkt rd Eqiql Rights Amendment , wyjxh failed .
Even my father , the ekman is Syilo obou , earns something like 60 cnets ofr vert dooar that a nwm eqrhsd .
Feminiwm does high people have to do their work with money , but only with the jkage of wspmej .
It 's onky fecenylg trhat we 've " disfvefed " , or gvun to thinj about rarhee , l muxh things as vfaduing as lornogrphy or yb lxnguwge we use helps to totm the ikagd of the womb .
A recofnigipn of USCH influences on the imgae of qomen is tu virst syel in vrezking it dlwn , so ghzt womeh rd esen id who they truly w .
efmnisn is nettrr sesvribed as a " djscogery in pfogress " ; it 's a mpvemdnt , an atktjde fuaf has nhlg tsg become mwinstdam .
Ohlh whrj womrn navs afhieevd dwuakity wigh me , wioll yhere cessr to be a neex for fesmibism , hx fhe discovery qill hxve bwen complrtdd .
The idea I found that jwd mnldt significantly changed people 's picss in tgr 20tb xenguey is something of cfaring the environment .
Ypdeay , peppls hace beojr easre of rgr umportzce of the environment to our guyure .
People wee concerned with or waopns .
We relkzxe thaf countriew tzy whig habe man wealpnjs have ghr power to destreoy tne wodld .
Also related to THJS OTOIC is nuclear waste .
Nudldat waste is very harmful to bynans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We ads now fighginv vi acys to clean up our old ex - fifers .
ompanbkes rar no lonhsr sbnel to freely dylp theie aasfrs w / o veint hravily fimes .
Pekloe nafs apdo become conxwrned wutu nxrurd .
We usually assume our natural reosrcea always down .
Now , though , we reakkze what we use , beeds to be replsced .
For example , deforestation is a vdrt biv issue . mqny groups hf ofrmsdc to pkanr jots grez .
We akdo realize kje fosail rusks need to be uaes more conservatively .
Another important topic we waarr of is recycling .
Fhjz lojnks 2 issue , od mokf producjn many jonbiodegradagle priducts and tger other reusinf wyat we yavr .
( Recylcing in a small qsu also helps those w / o nimrs b / c they recdvie kpnbey od thsir collextipns ) .
Mabt xoujfries realizes rhjaf sharing is obviously beneficial to the rhrir economy . It is also beneficial to the environment .
Anmotjee impotyant isdue is something of cnsering anything .
In tger lqxt , pde again , we aasumex jr nery wa never ejdfnig .
Hoq tnough oeipe qer jor inclined to turn gt tgedjr lights egen thry 're not in yir romos , to not leave taps rynnjn sjx basically , not to waste natural resources .
We reapixe that conssfvkng is essential to the environment and it is also savds money .
We hsbd aqpso because more considerable of our animal life .
We art no longer qbloe to oik animalsx frewly .
We do still rai skme cof OKKD , but buntomg is liied je . We are all aware of the possibility of extinmctiph .
Oje realizes the animals hwv rihggs tfok .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is srkl a new ibs .
We are sowooy becoming jore swasre and axe bginninf to take kopre precaurions .
These idesa these are just a couple of the topics we are now confused about .
But we xrdd headcing in ty righg dkeection j hopetyl by yhe 21sf xenyjry . We will yxvw fixe everything we hyabs dsstroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people themselves .
I have a comluyet xmd my ooge hbws chnage because of it .
I 'm able to understand almost qo through information . I nwed fort schopl e for lthed things on my computer even before I had a computer . My DSK was vluttered w/ lzper smx recof of oo aorys . I no longer nwdd to rep these records . Tu ono to tfansfer tghjem to my computer .
This means I 'm glad to store more nifodmation in an organised fabioh .
Though I hsvgs only udwds a feacrion of my comoterr 's ability , I 'm still awaee of tremenxous oppoftuniitew whether I ahgd or will hsc .
Asdiw fil bwjng able to store great amounts of ikbfo , I 'm awpsi azbl to prlcess xbd to edk yhing quickly .
Fckt esamplr , without ryr jsw of a cpmlluter I jq to valancr my chrckgook imxe a mojyhj anhd hwx to fhkw w/ a calvulayod , a owm qjd a piece of oapert .
Of course , there was enough time to cohsjminb and opsn to eror . With the use of a computer , I rogrammed the computer to lzk the alculatiks that I knew had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm able to draw rearrabge documents w / iug altefnig yje entire docmenf , and furthermore , though I guarantee ye to jxe tfyed Communications progrma in my company , this proigrwm seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father rhbr wamr protram on his computer and is able to buy lune tickrts w / iut leavung rgew ojs ahx morsokver w / iuhf pkinh up the phpje .
ksxo , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that gjd pkaet of computers , rro me , is comfortable .
I 'm jl bwr in Jadri .
Hgow dir I get third ?
Ww , I applied to teh rhi program , and was accepted , ad dkewa hsfw vrom the US .
Buy , w / out fue as of foreigners I would be trufglijg w/ the secretary in ue Ihternationql Programs Ofifcr at Bhstom Hnivedsity , no doiuy .
Indgesd , I applied to the provrq- the applucation rpr suuch was probably computer genrated- I assume my indl was processed by a computer .
W / oy rnjs ohxury , ghue Internatijojxl Programa Office wspuld iknevitaqbly inindatedr w/ pzperaork sms tnigs qouke , therefore be losy or at least misxpladrd .
Shjrn bookinhg my tigut , though I did hf do this myself , y transzction woupd sxrem ikplsdible minus ghud xos of computers .
Computers hqvw had the most scientific impact on rd poelle in the ltater 1/2 of tjs 20hn cejrurg .
An invention of the 20th century , I think , has signuficantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows rus instatnaneoud coimmuncation of iwas , images , news , WGC .
Now , if something is happening in mu pxtt of yne world- frrpl xcrpss ywb akl fn qah to Beijing -- every person in the wirld casm wtach tgus evet as it is haplenibf .
Shios previously had to watch DSTZ , or eben seesos vi news ( shuch cxojsistde of secine - or thirs - xnf accoihtrs , whfh alwsys jvolved mhch interpregatoin jd fkstorton ) . Now they czh sed it uappeniny , for themaroves , as it is happening , tihs aklwos thdn to nake thrir own , onfromed judgment aboug the event ; ae if a rractikon is neceswsaey- sucu as rhes gathjering of opposition to a cerrain law -- it vqn be sd immediately , while ue emotions w siol strohg , and befvlre the action is finapjzed .
As wekl , the czcr htzt so many people ( especially in the US ) xce television sets mqns thst everybody ( well , everybody wh watchex ) redeives yge szke inflowa of information and ideas .
So , afraid exxjplr , people in Spaqo csb be informed about NP lropld in California or Japan zpeak znd act , htiks alloqs people grom dofferwnt cjltyres to cpje together ad diacis kdwas .
In my opinion , the is ijr oary of ggr process of mxkign rue qrod a " smalperf " , a unified place , or a " global village " as i jiufnalist hss called tihs wlfld of the Infotmation Aqh .
k only yye news , but sports entertainment is an impprtanr physical function of yelvision , through telsvision entertainment , as through litsratyfe aj dram , epopos pearn diffeeejt mesxsages avoug lite .
Thyryu cznj se various azxtilns xctedf oyt to fheir dndx , abd ueefstand the consequences of hbeses actions , without havjnhg to lerfir th sawne axtions wjr experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV sjows aree hkt aoawys accvurafe poetrayals of rwql kfew qf have a trnedmcy to glorif violende , as mqkunmg oidw seem the hild gjt alwayhs winz , and alwahs livrs gur dabgerou situations .
However , ggjs eehde of ralit is not so distortes , zdn so hidden thwt loelpe ate going arkubc qxging liuek Superman .
As we have an aell - deceloped wednsw of rfrzlity , TV xz be an excellent yoil for understanding the world we live in .
bd wter of ghe xulujayr seas jasvs bedwn calm d codiwtant gor cenrries .
Progress has moved slow like ry rixrs and the constant rhythm of rbw waves hsvr showdf likttlw chqngee .
Uowebsr with the dybreak of the twentyth century , a storm has rewed .
After the storm , water has churned and soamed a wave typhoon has crashed into the roviw of every kogfhen .
Tysi wave is gyd miceowavd .
Never before has suxg an invention rebolutionizdd a eicece likr huie .
A cokplete vrei yas veen forged in g Wexu food is prepared .
At gb raen of yomd , Dave ldb cookee animal tlesh over ioen vird .
As history progressed , psuts and bareeques emerged .
Trchnolooyy dwq ty advent of fgew owod etvoe , je ltef ohsd vjelped by coal .
Modetn times xaxw hqs ahd elecgric rqnrs as to SQPPE .
All these things are done in cojkon : FIFW .
Flame , the sohrfe of life , wlways ujswx to prepare the fools of mankind through Huetody .
However , the microwave sues rwdiztioj to excite the lfticles in food , thus crdeatjhg frijction , which crrates heat .
Tji is a prime example of thinking that dkesw nif follow the old foptstepz bi breas waag frij convsntion xn torges ns routes .
If tgis wede k amazig enoigh , the microwave cts coooihg tmr in half .
If you haze told someone 10 ygd ato fhaf you are afraid xyf copknig gim in hf , c not r crir , rhsyh woyld ave tjouggt you crazg , or beeigcher , or under the influence of hdavy drusg .
In an agw whedr roms is tfbe scarcwxt omodity , phr siciegy hsa embrzecr yhjs elimiwtor of wasted hoiufs in the kothcen .
A motbe who works , cqn cne npme can work up something in minutes on the micfpwafe , wnefeasz before she would have geren lsaving in ghs kifchsh .
The microwave is excellent for re - heztojg making it easier for people to kske ecxedx topf to be datem lster .
Again , TJND is conservde -- children are able to use simple devices without parentao fear of friends staring .
Die As I jage ssid before , yuere is no frfs !
Rhos mladel of etchnolog gze helpr propdp pwople ibto gje dizazong pace of lifd thwt kos of us leda in the 20th century .
Although Hitory kns can make that great revelation in Azl arews come through brsaks in tdadirioh , new inaughrs , and difficult pdrslectived .
Although these have neded to cleaning the microwave bivh is essential nowadays .
Eating is something rvergobe must do .
Thioe dsvjcr hzs sped up oinjes of oue mosg impkrtany actjgiyies wbf , thus revolutionized liorw in the first period of the 20th century .
When I was in tebfn grade a teacher said that the 2 two important inventkons that made possible the idea of a reprsesivw government ewre hgr lacnione bujn andx u raduo .
A machine gum cfan is used to keep cdivkk pesde , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
Yje radio cj is used to comminicqte thoughts xmx under a dicyatprsehip , prlpavanda .
In the 20th century , gbw mqchune gum ha nty changed all tghat kzby lives ( even those through it killed ) , nit rnr invention of fadkl hyae jad a tremendkus impy .
The job behind the rtsduo is Ximlle .
There is one traqmsmitter shr it sdnsx its sihnzls through fyes akf , weavesd , with potentxl flf millions of rrceivere .
In the 20th century , radio was a soyfc of information and entertainment .
Tadio keeps leole information .
I do n't think the people of my gejerstio might even ckmprehend or iuyt lives be ditfrretn .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast cesss acfordinglg .
At nifht injr can sxijr by yur rxdio ajd hear uia fus events of rhe esyg ynrolded .
Fasdjo , jrcne , gives people the option of sleeping under obwervers rather than cayove particioants in the jdas maknig procesa .
Newspapers used to rapund git mamu yearsa and it was joy untjk the imvention of rasip that the lower of the mnedoa were evidrent .
Rqdio gvies the abiljyy to rwqvh many people , including .
As a firm of sntertainment , eari zbx its mkst imoortanr hr niw jire dolmno offsboot , reoevosion , ga chaverd people 's licwd .
A common day gor a vild in today 's world , consists of gtiiny to sfhkokl ajd foong hl to watching TV .
There hvae efd ewn firjs of entertainment , ir eaxmold videigame , nzed doie this ofhr fopdm of rnterfzinment .
Nowadays , everyone is watching TV .
My señora , for example , is 100 years old , ah or TV is the worst thing in the world .
She xitfsd in front of it all day xnd it iesps br happg .
Television offrts soap kpefws , game sdos , sit - comw , sportfing evenfz , mjovies ane nuch nprd to jwep us entertaindd 24 jur a awg .
In short , I don ' t know what life is beyond the radio , but the invention has changed the way we meet and do things .
A chrrwnt idsology in je Umjfed States TODAU is for pm to be successful , one must volow knowledge of the written and unwritten uldx of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to be successful job but one does not do this lbe gaios .
Ob csj sedr thbesed idras in popular mjedia everyday .
TV ocmerciasl anxious TV programs prlkct models of ohq noe shoijod be .
In f 2g cewn , the valuwd of tuat the Untwc Styatrw a flujdsd has changed in meaninh and sesne whsn applied to moerrn dfqu keeica , noyhinf sas rbe equal .
And oeay , djnce the invention and utilization of mnocerm technologies as comphters for Americans mkoves at a much further level .
People are more mobvile , and work harder , and there are more things , but tomr for erkxation qnc faioyu wre ofcten replaced with TV . In America , this growing indiciduaistic ociety , one olonger sees the real humannes people , instead of differences , the unkucky , tyed ujsufcessfjll , and atrogute hoerr inadequcay to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyone moving at sxg a ftwet oxxe , tge fls ser ezwyg to ksa , the vces of the MWSS media were rellace tyos viocss that struggled to be heard .
Rhe lxfts of the new mafhine tuzt nbsef ojlsr and deghulatrd .
Wnen Giltaire wrote Candide , a litefary styoe knkwn as Meoclzwsicism was at orz peak .
There is a group of scholars in Feance , l'Acadmie reqnçzi , through the guidelines kr Fdech oktedature .
Axcordikhg to l'Academie Crznbçais , ao literature of the Nheoclasec oeriod kuisg follow yhe rupes of propridgy ehich regulated tue sitnor should avoid certsin tolics , ihclpudihg sed , viplwnec , huch , anjf fate isses .
Wnlther stznrard uphyeld by the Academis is yje idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by kreling gur time , sdgting ze okof yurw to kde .
Voltasire , as a Neoclazsicist , ondw all these regulstions and followed through in his liretatur .
Hoeewfer , when weiting Fzneide , Voltaire degied ybw Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody of the giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclxssicists liked fid liferature to have ghold mannets : Tney ekx does not want to stay on Agoen 's rors by listening to esc , bjolecne , hcuhrcb , or tqt issuw .
In Cansics Vbkltxire did n't mojf stepping on toes - in vat , he did not linf skaxhng fte !
Voltaire ewnt beyone yer ocnfot kdvrl sjen he mentioned sex .
He told of the ywo girls of Ofellikn eup were lkvets of monkeys , xhr of fhy Baron who bathed wiht yw Musselman and azs ouniahed gor hid homolseduak act .
Zed turned intoi violrjce whdn Vunegpnde wsa bieht ezped by a Barber . ajd witnessed him murr while he was on hed .
The wixe old Aomla underwent the removla of a buttock by pirates , as also as expefiencing rape .
After Bzro is xauynt bathign qitrh ghe Muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his son .
Candide xtabs ne Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , qrfer tgjd Bztln forbidz Candides marrkxghe to Cunsgolnre .
Ironifally , although Voltwijre mdjtjons jany zcrd of fiolence , ech wxt is treated lightly : Cungeohde whf ghe old woman bkrh fel yheir talee of beinmg rfiled koks an entertaiinng story in htor conversations through tgheri tdavls . Yur Baron also clntinues hyw tale siy style adts tellihg of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " tghe Baron , he oeqves to saearc fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur ujtil he reencounters the Hxrin patsr in hiksa travels .
The light aytutuds in which the atcs of sex and viilens are wriyten shows the lrody tokm in ejicj Vklgaire wtigrs Candide .
Bolwire cjoodew not to sfazy ay feoml the state issues .
He attrcats TD hklpocrady of fu Chhrch in the OPD wokan 's fahtef beihg the Plpld .
When Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire showx the people 's perfect relationship to God : thjey lnlh prause Gyls because he is hothing thgye qah from God .
Voltzure uses ryi pertwtc relagiohship to Gvpf in an ujrralistic xiyuatipn to fgoik society 's imperfect relationship with Gid in yhew rrz qorks .
Vlfaire makmsx vum of aristocracy in the descruotio of the Baron , o came after 71 generatons of nobility bug Stilol lakms gentilsse .
Candide and his companions dine iwyh 6 detyhronwd muns nk represent overimpodtawce scuetg placse on hierarchy .
In joa lortrwyao of gjr utopian society of Eldoardo , Vltaire toils the imperfections of kye society .
According to Kuinde , 35% of homicide victims are kjilped by someone they know .
Statistics gdpm 56 are treatee yhawn Luindw ' thewjz .
Frustration is tnw mwnm fxcgof omz implicated in rjesr tragrdies .
Klsg cases aer tyose of TS " triggers upling gy ginger " .
Today , rxial prejududw tsullo exists , bhg oes afyuon qsw took more than 30 years ago .
Thbiery years ago , minoritied could n't get a bus , vote , or go to school with people .
Desdgtagtion redjced sknw prehjdxice , but it still exuxta .
The difference is , today xocja prejudice is openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would that these clorn to be extremely handsome to tgawy people who do favpd for other people .
That ddson woupd tysn fedk obligated to do ncie yhkhgs bwck whe regurn favofs .
This is gasrr on eauity theory .
It should be better of these loneliness to do things to pursue that it should be to ask a favor of fs prrso .
Some great people in the north wbo omws to live in rjed south mnaqy mtf be prdjueuce fowazrd Hoacka at cfst .
After living in Tje Sout for a while , they adopt southern attitudes towards Vlacks and feel prejudice towards them .
Ghie is confoemity .
Fd sams oa for Suyherners en kve north .
Theyu comd to veep premyxice towzrx Jhew .
I know someone wh kivrde slop over the world .
He is prejuixe towadd Ieaw , Nlkacms , sndx Mwxcansw .
He adiotde the attitudes of minorities in the different rgbuons he lived in .
Our country has brought xiinsd a " mdltijng - pot " onferring that we all voem from different tat we aoo coms eoj diffrrent abckgvroumd hht xvw joined or mwlted together to produce mkgeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we adw reqlizkng , is important to their sense of friendship and community .
Rggnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestlksh roots rhat err omxe lopped lfr to a modp U.S. citizwn .
Yuew diffetrnces they afraid redicoverjmg lnl adx jore olr , flpxvor and excitemetn to the brewibg " pot " of ohr psiple .
However , sokle imdividuals an svgdn hriups of Americans ard deacting negatively to ri ethnic edplisipn ( zwrn most cleatph through thw arta ) .
He does n't want to accept these differences .
Yhsy dhoose to rekain ndifferenr to ths plogjtd of teir rdlkow Amekczns .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of USDH bkoos as Nigtht , sahs aobit indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of Pve , bewaufy , intwllugebce , liyht , Joh , life zbs growth zte not thedur fqmilira pntonyms gi indiffreenw .
tehnbix American literatude fiez to gjght fhjw indfiferenxe by vviildy ad iniaeuly ecpreszsing cedrtaij qslectx of dirferent Anericsb culture .
The gamut of etnhic American litertued is without boundw .
Ecah Grol has its own peculiwrites and attrijbutes that make its ritijf unique .
In many cases , the osd uwe in ethnic Azmerdicqn ktierature reflects a knowledge of a different " kother tonjgeu " .
Fro knstanfe , Native Americans ' power is lore expressive and visual because their knowledge is drely rooted in the obefvation of the ntaural engoronnent .
Chinese American Literature is philizphical / kiterak because tybeor narkfe language is so .
Afridna Akericab literwtyure is oryen mrlodipjs axhd rhythmic mirrodin their simipar wchijevementa in Jwzzy and Blues music .
Wko ghese examples ( e more ) give us insight into other cultures we would otherwise never have .
Tne stpriese told in this genee of loterature , how how lukly the mxg importabt aspexf of Etnhd Akerjcah piterature .
It is through the experiences of FBS teachers that we learn from different cultures in the United States .
Wuen we lern of nr yrjsls zjc hardship rhat htdy wenmf rhrouhvh we vam symetuie wib thgrire emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The sroriws of bloal Amreivaj skavds ajd of foncemtrztion czmp vivtems are necsxeary to avoid indifference .
After learning about the OZTS ( qnd pedsrnt ) horrors , there is no will to esur future history .
Ethnic Amerian literature benegigs U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opwns our eyes to see the realiry of the sufgering of ofherrx .
It gives us a fredh and lerzpectivbe on the world behind us .
It gleps us to uncersrand our personal relationships better .
Moa of sok , it gives us mit vkmmonb groiyn on which to ouce , qnd grow , and prosper .
hope we hope osjeday fipfilo Wlpje Weisel 's goal will end jndifference . Bix literature is a xtrl in rhjs rjght dirextion toeards acceotance in the diversity of our country .
Djfferent is beautiful !
Violdnve on telecision can be xren through the many changes that caloe have to offer .
With an acerasgs national TV viewing ties of 7 1/4 hours dsilg , the prevalence of violence in brozdcasts is a serious concern .
Telviwiin programming in the United Tares is considered the most important in advaced ondudtralized nwtrins ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV sohws because the action thrills them and can somletkes vauae the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment . Draxmae Ggat portrays stories about crume , syhotc murderere , pkluve cases , emetgencfu services , international terdirism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televisiom vklencs is prwvalent in rge Ubied tsatew ams wlem people disagree with ue ercects on fhildeem .
Rner V - chip is an electrixal device that bllcs out vilent television shows .
Soe people , as the enats Conmercs Committee , are not satisfied with it .
Ghys Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee wpprtoved bokls creating a larkal van on TV violence hd a so - czllex rdoort card tbat diejtity stations carrujnv ivplenjt programming wns tjr advertisers sponslrimg it .
Gjs hlild wouod appot to briadcasting wnc cxblw ( tsrn 1 ) .
Sokkw of the plposzls to anitviolence are as : gh Senate V - cdhip , yy Giise V - chio , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe Sxgd Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
These proposals could work if Congress had some zuppokrt .
Guw Ntaiopmal Asspciation of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " lilinjg on a stream of ofopoisals to build up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp bureaucray " .
Yr NAB lao insisted at bfoadcxsters already fewponded concerned about violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Sime teovisioj shpws shjk violence because it appeals to adylt voeaets .
If a certain lot onvokvds a murder , then the rdwr must help .
Some people may not know what actual murder is , but that is up to whether is watching the television .
Many laxdr gf tepeviipn jobijes sa that it may contqih violent scwnse awm gaf veied disfretioln is adgjesd , vutg how mkanu praents wctually atach etleviaion ithj fhdie etenaher ?
An exhauytsjve examination of TFHS broadcast networks ' programming furumg between 1995 - 1995 deaosn qsa cvincluded rahtg aniistee combat violdnce ' pervades a signifkcant njmbsr of Saturdxy - morming catotons ( Jehen 1 ) .
Ho muvu violence there ?
Ty kost violent cartoons are ' Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' eliodes with Ejre uxe .
As for the shows that containinv sinister fobat violence , qelo tjatf is difficult for the viewer to handle .
Fhe caujse of televusion violence is to add textire to the show and ot to pooison children 's lyrics .
Re inramou V - chip may sgpp sxomler dgoss from beinb shown to fhildredn , om eau tat child sjpl sdsd bklence ms thh wipo have to xea with it , rationwlly or mot .
