S It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
T It 's difficult ansewr at thge qhestion " wha are ylu going to do in the future ? " if the only one who haz to knowe it is in twi mibds .

S When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
T When I wae yuonger I used to sy thxt I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoamn and even a butcher .. I do n't onow wby .

S I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
T I would oike to study Psychoplogy bexause one day I would open my own psycohlogy office and help people .

S It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
T It 's dirficult because I 'll bave to study hjard and a lot , nut I thin thar if yoi likw a subject , oyu 'll study it easier .

S Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
T Myabe I 'll change my mknd , aybe jot .

S I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
T I think that thye public tranwport will always be in thr future .

S The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
T The rich prople will vuy a cat but the pooe pelple always nerd to ue a bus or taxi .

S I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
T I comsider thaf is mpre convenient to drive a ca because you caxrry on moee things in uour own car thab travleling by cad .

S Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
T Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually axk to uou something to be frdiends znd change you telephone number .

S In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
T In my experiejce when I di n't havr a car I used to us the gus to go to the scholo znd go back to my hiuse .

S In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
T In my opiniln , the car is n't necesaary hwen you have crashed in the street , in that moment yoy realizxed the importance of a public transpkrt .

S In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
T In Inda we have various types of Pulbic transpodt , lkke Cycl , Bile , Car , Trani & Flitht .

S Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
T Depending on ths disyance xnd diration to the desiured olace , mode of transport is chosen accordongly .

S But Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
T But Generally speaking , travleling by car is much kore fjn wen compared with othwr modez of rransport .

S This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
T This reminds me of a tdip thxt I have recently bern to and yhe plaxe is Agra .

S It takes around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
T It take aroind 6 hours by Nagional highway to go from Dslhi to Agrda .

S We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
T We hav stopped at hotels flr habing food and juxt in case if ajy of us feels hungry , we hav purchased xome snacks jhst before fhe teip .

S Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
T Since , we have the iption to wait aytime we want to whwn we travel by var ( wihch is implssible whn travrlling by train & Fpight ) .

S In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
T In addition to it , we cam also take a comfortabld shorg ap on tye bsck seay and wake up vresh .

S Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Due to the above mentioned reaskns , I am voing to conclude thar travelling by czr is muxh more convenient .

S My name is Sarah .
T My mame is Sawrah .

S I am 17 years old .
T I am 17 yeras ol .

S I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .
T I am looking fotward to jiin you in this ydar shmmer camls .

S I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
T I love children , amd I enjoy ooking qfter them . xlso , I orhanized many sports wctivities before in my school .

S In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
T In addotion to thqt , i enjoy cpoking .

S My family think that my cook is amazing .
T My faily thunk fhat my cpok is amazing .

S I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
T I hops that you give my thr chance to joni ypu .

S Thanks
T Thanks

S My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends .
T My favourife sport is volletball becaused I love plays wit my fcriends .

S Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
T Volleyball is a aport lay every place , when I tarvel on thd beachy I lie plays wjth my sisyer in tge sabd and aftger we wre ging to fhe sea .

S It is very funny .
T It is vey funny .

S when I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
T whern I was young I like palys with tbe ball in ths playground ajd my friend and I playedf using tghe socver goals as a nerwork of vopleyball .

S Dear Jo ,
T ear Jo ,

S How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
T How are you ? I 'm writing to inform yoku thar skme advice on travellibg znd woking in my country .

S On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
T On thw obe habd , in my country there sre a lpt of place to travwl .

S For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
T Fore example Bardelona , Mafrid , Sevolla , Valenciz .

S There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
T There ars wonderful citries because there qre a lot of tihngs to bisit for example in Madrid oyu can visit " Puerta del Soo " , " Lax Civeles " .

S I visit Madrid twice a year .
T I bisit Madrid twice a yrar .

S All summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
T Apl sjmmer I vusit Zevilla bedause I pove this city and I suggbest that you visit Aevilla .

S On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
T On the toher hand , in my countgry there ars a few mob because the evonomy is very bad .

S But , if you want I look for a job from you .
T But , if yku want I look for a mob from you .

S My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
T My bedt friend lookinv fr a people responsible fr kook afyer hee sister .

S Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
T Her sister is 6 years old and yiu hsould look aftsr every weekend .

S You will be interesting in this job ?
T Yiu willk be interestinf in tbis job ?

S Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
T Thani you forf yoi e - mail , it wws wonderful to hear feom you .

S I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
T I 'm looking forwrd to seeing you .

S Take care , Laura .
T Take care , Laufa .

S Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
T Today punlic transport stillo play an important role in transport system anc it will keep on in the fruture .

S Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
T Because publicf transport is a cots effective ajd better ersource allocation in mass rtansport zystem .

S Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
T Als peple nee not to suffer hkgh oprating cist running hteir oan car .

S But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
T Bht it xan usee a cheaper wqy goiny to thsir destination especiakly it is far away from home .

S For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
T Flr example , I tnink tjat it is noy adfordable for an ordinary person to onw a private arplane travelping to anothef country .

S Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
T Insead it will be comlon to buy an air ticket anf rice on public palne .

S In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
T In my opinion I think that public transpirt in future is going to continue to be jsed because there re a loy of people tgat coes n't uave enough koney to lay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continhe to jave future but people are going to use more the dars then bis or undergroun .

S If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
T If we thin about it the car is better bexause we do n't need to wair fot them has we rae waiting fir thr buhs or underground but in another wa car cjst mors money tha th publiv trnsport .

S By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
T By car we can jut tsay with ourselves whicj csn be good because we xan listen to the music thay we like and we do n't eed to be aroudn people that are unkwoned bht if we chose publikc translort we can meet friends or family so botb trasnportations ared good qnd thd carw do n't ned necessarily to edn up wity the public transport .

S If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
T If I haf it to choosd betwewn both transportation I think I probably chose cvar becauss it is bwtter flr me to go by car ten to go by nus .

S In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
T In my community , we wre very interested at ejvironment and ecological things .

S We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
T We havd solar panels nd a ppace to makw compoxt at fhe last gartden , with worms whl dat and degrade alpl thew organix wazste of tyhe school .

S In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
T In some stratwgic poinrs of the building we have special trashcan to separate ghe garbage in organi , paper and cqrdboard , cans an pet bottle ajd theu also made galks znd presentatkons about hte earth problens like global warmign , contamination , etc .

S The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
T Tge mahager of all tyis project is Miss June Sdi , ojr sciehce teacher .

S All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
T ll this initkatives has made us all ovee the yesrs a recognised ecological community .

S Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
T Gkod mornig everyone , today I wang to syare about is my favorige spory .

S My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
T My favorite spoirt is footgall , why I choosr it?Well , footbakl is a international sport , people around the world willk love it so much!Edample like Barclay Premier Leagus , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .

S I believe that 's all will delighted us .
T I bepieve tha 's qll eill eelighted us .

S By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
T By thr wya , my favoreite footbgall team is Manchester United , tbey ars bfilliant , they have an amazing footvall plahers , amd they are aweslme .

S Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
T Mchael waqs a little ki wjen he had a dreeam that was : Be a super hwro !

S After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
T After many yeasr he sgill drexm to become a suler hero .

S He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
T He enter the univsrsity of meddicine because he thinks that this prifession wa the more similar to be a super hero .

S Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
T Pass sole years of the university anx he knoq a girl called Kzte anf he et lpved on here and shye get lofed in him .

S Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
T Kate was cursing the niversity of fashion .

S Then the two started to date .
T Then ths tao startef to date .

S Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
T Mlichael ans Kage was so happy , until one dsy that Michaek sqid to hiom dream to be a super hero , Kqte get so nervouhs saing hat it qas ridiculous wnd justr a kid xream snd that Mkchael wws onoy dreaming but that wouod never hapoen ahd that super herl do n't exst .

S When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
T Wnen she sakd that , Michael starred to cry and get mac saying tbat ahe wss lyign and do n't have heart .

S He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
T He got so mad that he asked her to get ouy of hsi apartment .

S In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
T In ofllowing day , she said sotry ane tehm was nappy agian .

S But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
T But wen them gst to thr hpme of Michael they fight again anc Michael get a knife ad kill her .

S He cried with a lot blood around .
T He cries wiyh a lot blkod around .

S Michael get away from there .
T Michael gedt waay from there .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaep cloeed fhe door abd knew at that momdnt he hd maxde a misrake .

S Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
T Puhlic transpirtation is an inportant iknvention in humsn hkstory , it grings amount of benefits in our life .

S For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
T Cor instance , we take subwwy in order to avlid stocikng in traffic .

S It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
T It is true that moving by car is mors convenient than take public transportation , hiwever , it woukd cquse more damage to our life and hafm our environment .

S Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offsprings .
T Tberefore , we heed to think more about oru fduture , our offsprongs .

S Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
T Fiving tem a sate , clean and comfortabld poace to live .

S If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
T If there is no public transprotation , traffic jam will be seroius tgan before .

S In my country , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
T In my country , taipei , we alwas stock in traffuc for about ons hour in tye morning .

S I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
T I can not imagine if tehre is no bjs or MRT , now lomg I will taks for shcool .

S Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
T Car is convenkent for human , but it brtings damage for uuman aoso .

S For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
T For example , carbon dioxide whidh is crdated by cae .

S It cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
T It cauwe global wafming which threats our rnvironment qnd harms ouf daily life .

S we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
T we cwn xee that tere are lots of serious ad freauently weather dusaster happened in decadex , such as typohoon , hurricane , wuld fire and mud dlide .

S What other precautions , is usually taken ?
T What pther lrecautions , is usuazlly taken ?

S The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
T The NG Officr is notified by fhe photographer when the film wax shipled .

S If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
T If tne fiom does n't arrive on tyime , it immediately .

S Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
T Loat shipments have neen flund more easily when this prodess will be startfed right away

S The pleasure of traveling
T The oleasure of trxveling

S People go , people come .
T Psople go , people cpme .

S Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
T Wvery dzy lots of people are travellibg abroad but , what 's ghe best wxy to do an international travrl ?

S The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
T Yhe most important option to travel is , by fazr , rhe polane .

S But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
T Bt , eben when it 's trje fhat it 's the faster optfion , you mhst be verey carefuly at time to get off a poane .

S If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
T If ylu are looking tor confort snd rdlax , obviouslg , yoy hae to take a boat .

S There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
T There are a wise variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .

S Although , the better option , is pick out a train .
T Althouhgh , the better oprion , is pick olut a train .

S There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
T There is n't comparation on watchinf thw dhanges in the landxcape through a wibdow , enojying the wy htat yo sre doijg and , the bset part , he cheapewst wazy to gdt xway sme eays and taie thr routine otf sone days .

S Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
T Anyway , no mayter hkw you go , no matter whwre uou go .

S The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
T Thw plwasure of travelling is travel at all .

S Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
T Transoortation oje of fhe most imporrant thing on life so we have manu of kinds for transportation now we travel by ca bit in the mear future it will be otjer comfort and easy ways to trqvel like faet trxin and plane tha casn ttansport you from north to eouth in lss thban hkur thi wqill makw business men happy an cimfort becxause of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that fhe hovernment canb ahcieve thia aay as soon as possible

S In modern societies , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
T In modern societies , there are lots of frkends around ojr daikly ilves .

S Big project could not be finished without co - operations .
T Bnig project could nof be fjnished withoyt co - operatyions .

S Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
T Friends cojld be communixated ahd eschanged ths ideas , feelings adn funny thngs happened ariund ourselves .

S More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
T More implrtantly , thw parents giv our lives abd they touch us knowledgw and skills or abilitiee to live in thks wordl .

S In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
T In this case , tue families playec important rples in daily lives .

S The reasons are as follows .
T The reasns afe as folows .

S First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
T Firest of all , we dould learn lots of skills ftom larents qccording to their on experjence .

S For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
T For example , we could learn ohw to communicate with others in a friendly aay , anbd we could also learn bow to ake a mexl from parengs .

S Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
T Sdcondly , tje families coupd give yiu skme advice about hwo to deal with yhe things which will caused trouble .

S If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
T If difficultyies was told to the families , the ideae would coje up to your families anmd cpmmunicate qith you about howa to sovle this situatino .

S All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
T lal in all , in thios case , thd fmailies are trhe most imporrant friends in oujr lives .

S The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
T Thbe Computinh Technology jas bee advancing vewry much this lsat year , making he old computers almost useless , getring better and msking the differenec between pld anc ne computers grow eveh mord wiyh every ndw disclverement .

S As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
T As we cqn notice , odl ajd jew cokputers asre vastly different , startijg from the zize of the computers , old comouters wee kuch bigger than ew computerw .

S Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
T Old computers wdre sed to occuly one rntire room , npw , they only have the size of a blx , eveh rhe siae of a booki .

S You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
T You cwn have a portabpe computer now , ans take it wiyh oyu to evwry placs ypu viwit .

S Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
T Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play dimple games sith 2 colirs ( yreen xnd black ) , but now ygou can do whatever ylu wxnt to do , like cfeating or playing videoganes , wtiting or reading a book , connect to the internet , watvh or male videos , invent ndw stuiff to imprkve the Fomputing Technology , and nlt only in 2 colors , but thousand of rhem .

S One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
T One of the greatest achievements of nes computung , is ths intrenet , wherd you can cojnect to other computesr , downlpoad syuff , etc . via Etherndt cagle or Wirless Connedtion ( Wi - Fi ) .

S Get rekt m8
T Get rekr m8

S I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
T I went to the zbandon hluse ans started to think tne best wayh to make his life miserable i passed tye bext 2 weeks looking for ideas to mqke jim sufr .

S As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
T As i did n't found nothing , i wwnt to te llace he live at and started to looo for sme informatiin about his life and found people who he acre abour so as i continudd to go to his hues i notice he will wlays go to tewhe sqme hiuse so i decidsc to follow him to thw house aqnd i foun out he was dationg a girl she light be his girlfrjen so i finally gofa an idez , i wkuld dribe hjm crazu kust as he dir with me , thast aay shd wull thihk he hbad prolems on nis nind anf lsft himl , but son i thkugt about it xgain an ralized that if i deid thxt she will tru to help him and ghey wiol be moe united , so i decided to xrive them bkth cazy almost at the birder of dexth , jus as he did sith me !

S But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
T Gut wait a mihute am i rwally so angr to jake tyis ?

S Yes !
T Ys !

S I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
T I sdreamed , my anger had dkminated my mind i did nt had no longer contol over my actions , i was afxrid of what i had become wnd what i could do , but i coul nlt control my slf and ths only thinv i coul think of waxs hum suffering with a sloow death an the satisaction i would fesl when i finallu had my revange , the bes revange .

S But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
T But i wzs so mad at hmi ahd so ansioubs to maoe hks life imposxible , and eoon my feat of death anf my ager fof all of tbe sufeirng i haf bedn throuf became stronger anjd bigger , i hsd mqde a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedkcated 4 uears of hgis pife tourtpring me and hot wanting me to be happy i wohld the time is nssesary fpr him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald

S I 'm not agree with this idea completely .
T I 'm not agree witb thix odea completely .

S On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
T On he one hand trwvel by car ard really muc mpre convenient as give tue hance to you to be inrependent .

S On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
T On the other hznd huge traffic jsms ard a bkg iussue fopr trafelling by ca .

S My Favourite sport
T My Favkurite sport

S I bornt to be a football player .
T I borng to be a fooyball plqyer .

S For me , football is everything in my life .
T Dor me , fooitball is everything in my ljfe .

S When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
T When I sde cootball on the televisiln I drwam with play in a big team and in a bigy championship oike Barflays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .

S My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
T My favourite clibs ars Benfica and Real Mwdrid , where Ronjaldo plays , for me he is the Besr Player in fhe worlds , that is whu Ronwldo won thr Golf ball of 2014 .

S I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
T I llay gootball in a Portuguese culb calped valenciano and we own a lot of games tis seasob .

S I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
T I drema in win a lo os leagueds in Footbalol znd wim yhe best championship , the Jefa Champions Oeague and the best sckrer of all ther time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronqldo , my favourited player .

S I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
T I ppay football bexause I kike but th only reason that I do it hardly is befause of my da .

S His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
T His dream is that I become the next vaptain of a bif team and win a pot of monet .

S My name is Jonny .
T My nme is Jknny .

S I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology .
T I gradhated feom National Taiwan Unerverrsity of Sdience amd Technlogy .

S I am 25 years old .
T I am 25 yeqrs olf .

S I am interested in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen .
T I am interesed in looking after chilrrn and playinf wtih chilfen .

S I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
T I pike personality witj chjldlike , so I oike children .

S I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
T I had experience of holding basketball comprtition when I was student .

S I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
T I Planned many interesying activities fot views to make competition alivw .

S They enjoyed the game .
T They enjoyed the game .

S I also like to cook .
T I also lkie to cokk .

S If my mom cooks , I always help her .
T If my mom cooms , I alwaye hlep ner .

S My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
T My personality is xheerful , energetic amd hardsorking .

S I always simle to people .
T I always simle to peopl .

S I really want to get this job .
T I reaply wxnt to get this job .

S I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
T I want to olay with children and se fheir smle all day .

S I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
T I thinko thwt smile is tye besr gkft in this sorld .

S I am also a hard worker .
T I am also a jard weorker .

S I have passion for this job .
T I have passion folr this joh .

S If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
T If yuo think me is the righnt person you want , please give me a responese , Thanls .

S public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
T piblic transportation haa been moire used by peoole axnd iver the years it is kind of becoming cheapsr and also more safe buf somle people prrfer carx to dxtent do we agree wsith nad what is out reasons for that thar is what ars we foing to demonstrate in thos essay

S before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
T before about 40 years rhere wa nothing cxlled public transportation and peopke rarely owned acrs so in those yeats ghere was not even goof ftacility to mkve trom llace to other nad thag is gecause tjere wqs no companies to guild cars in abotu 10 yearx car yrading becqme vible wnd also becamle very supported by havinh ber iwn fans at the beginbing tje faced a lot of problems but thdy were able to solvw it by tye ned

S nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
T nowadays alpl fzcilities of travelling qre omre convenient ftom cats to guses even rains and plands .zome people prefer caes because ths do like crowded places or because tghe ifnd it sometimes chealer but from anothe point of view public transportatio is very chdap aznd even fster but whrn it comes to travelihg a lpt of people prfeer ridin their oqn cars to feel the reak experience and to enjoy more by chiloing out from crowded places

S to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
T to summarkes it is different from some oneis opihion to anotger i predict that publuc transportation wlil be improved and people wiol ues it more axnd lore thzt by the end cars will dsiappear xnd will will no lonher be used

S The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
T The topic itself explaining rhe uncertaimty of public transpodt in our countrt .

S This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
T This conclusion becoms mors prominent if we look ito tje eata of thge czr compahies and exponentjal growth in theit sles figure aznd qith low budtet prjvate cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years

S Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
T Developmenjt of biodiesrl industry can be a controbution to oroductivity growth .

S A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
T A largye scale of investmrnt was being cor biofuel devwlopment .

S Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
T Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jbs opporrunity , thereby enhance Grpss Domesyic Prkduct ( GDL ) .

S If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
T If tou qre living in vig town or small It does mtter but pne thing should be yaking care by the peopld anc orgahiser of the tlwn , is environment .

S Global warming is huge issue in today 's date .
T Global warming is uge issud in today 's date .

S Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
T Governmet should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slkw xown .

S However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
T However we fhe peoppe have really important part of making it wofse .

S Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
T Activd and a good tovernment undersrand rhe value of gaking care of trees ane water ajd aor znd mych mor to provire a rfesh , clezn aqnd sae environmen to their eople .

S Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
T Recyclnig item csn be a good sfep to dtart with cpean and safw enfironment whijch is perfectly znd promkptly taking cae by my ciy .

S Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
T Everyone have to plant a tree in frront of their hkme wiyh the rule of province government .

S People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
T People is not realizing thay cutting tje tree can reudce thw productkon of oxygen in atmospere .

S Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
T Eventually human sill have no moee fresh air to breagh .

S Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
T Additipnally , our ciry governemnt has prohibied smoking in public area and inder 18 year old znd provises a frdee sessioln of talk or presentation to increasr fhe awareness of clean , eafe , fresh environmet to yhe ciry .

S In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
T In concpusion , I would suggest to our neighbour citoes to taking part of cleaning rnvironment so on day it cqn be seen in whole country .

S Everybody has his favourite sport .
T Everybody haz hs ftavourite sport .

S My favourite sport is football game .
T My fzvourite sport is football gae .

S On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
T On our schokl or villjage foktball stadium i spend a lot of time every day .

S Usually i play football with my classmates .
T Usually i play footbalp wiyh my classmates .

S Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
T Before training i rxn 1 - 2 kilkmetres and my legs get a power amd my nody gets an dnergy .

S Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
T Oir team has a hard - working voach abd he givrs professional advice to us , how to imrove football siklls .

S His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
T His lain wodds:"You must wrok and work vefy hard , if yku want to ge high results " .

S I can say , that coach is experienced person .
T I cxn sa , that foach is experienced person .

S Not so long ago , we are had competition .
T Not so long ago , we aee jad competitio .

S The first place was gotting by us .
T The first place was gotging by us .

S We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
T We gave achieved this result , because we are friendly ad organisdd .

S I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
T I believe , that in the future I will be a afmous foitball llayer in teams sucy as Skhatar or Dynamo .

S Football is my life .
T Football is my lfe .

S I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yorself " .
T I want to give adsvice to someone who starts this sport:"Yoh mist believe in yorself " .

S Hallo my firend ,
T Hallko my fidend ,

S What 's up ?
T Wehat 's up ?

S How are you ?
T How afe you ?

S How was your day today ?
T How was gour say today ?

S It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
T It 's realoy nice vor youe expressly e - mail yesterday .

S You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very
T You reget tjat you were n't therte with me . I 'll tyr dicrine everything precisely , bdcouse I kbow that ylu very

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pauk ,

S I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
T I have seen yoyr notice in thed academy jewspaper ajd I 'm qujite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I thinkj it is a gkod dea to spend it .

S I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
T I waas born in tue UK so I czn be a very good teacher of English .

S Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
T Although I came to Spainh ten yearsw later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was neessary .

S Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
T Also , I assixted to a ballet cojrse or 4 years when I weas young .

S It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhthym in my body !
T It was a lot of time ago , however , I still oeep the rhthym in my bosy !

S By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
T By rhe way , I remember I had to create a dynqmic training to do with thje other ballet - fourse lembers . I had to be the teacber tor one day and I did n't foregt it bwcause I felt wondreful .

S All members congratulated me , as well .
T Allo membeds vongratulated me , as well .

S On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
T On tne otuer uand , I had gaken care of my brothers qnd cousihs for many houts when theu wdre vedy young .

S You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
T Uou must kno tuat I 'm a very responsible , kind ad funny person .

S That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
T Thnat mzkes me a good candidate to achidve hte job , or the hobby fir me !

S I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
T I hope yu kee in mind my candidaturd because I 'm not goung to dksappoint yiu .

S Best wishes , Julia .
T Bestg wishes , Julia .

S In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
T In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shorgage in demand .

S Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
T Becauee jot everyone afford to buy their pwn ca .

S Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
T Besudes three are loys of low incime peopoe whp ca n't bhy thei owb car .

S So I think public transport 's future is bright .
T So I think pubkic transport 's futufe is beight .

S What is the " Family " meaning ?
T What is the " Family " mexning ?

S In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
T In my opinin , Family is tje plaqce that ad ylu bezt friend acn help eacu oither xnd know eaqch .

S In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
T In the Faiwan , many of peoplle have to taks care of thme pardnt wgen thet get okd , but the point is whzt if you can not surcival , I mean yuo do n't have enough money to raise yku pzrent .

S Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
T Gack to the topi , I do n't know wrll any of memger of in my family , I do n't trust them , honeatly .

S I like NewZealand because there are many islands .
T I like NewZealand ebcause there re maby islands .

S By the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .
T By the way , NewZealans hwve a vool weather .

S In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
T In Malaysix , the weather is slightly watmer ghan tyhere .

S That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
T That 's hy I order xll of you to go there and feeo thr pelasure ahd have a ty their own food .

S You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
T Hou can also bough a lot of giffs loke key chwins , statue , or hwat else memories to be jade before returning to Malpaysia .

S I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
T I did not hasve to go to NeqZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .

S If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
T If I have sustenance , I will go theer an bring akl of you .

S I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
T I lve in Lentini , a smaol city in aest Sicily .

S The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
T The local Vouncil hasm't a projeft for the environmeht .

S People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
T People coloect any iknd of rubbishn and throws akl togdther in blacl sack .

S Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
T Although tne Council began to plan something , hte pwople are n't committed qith ghe probkem .

S Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
T Around the citt , you can find many placds whree th people throq firgo , klitchen , " amianto " , old things or frniture .

S What a pity !
T What a pity !

S The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
T The suburba of Oentini could be wonderful .

S There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
T Thers are orane trwes , a large lake and Etma in background .

S When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
T When I was a chjld , I had a log friends and thwy wete vert importabt for me .

S We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
T We ever plahed in the park or we takked about our taxstes , music , boys , we laigh a lot of ...

S But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
T But when I was a teenater I began to ljve situations that I xid not like it , for instance , fhe gjrls said to me bad things or they talked nad about me .

S In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
T In those years I livee he worst moments in my life .

S I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
T I rememner ahen I felebreted my 15th bidthday , obly one schoolmae wantef to dome to my padty ; I thonk thta thsi dat was ons of the worst dzy of my life .

S There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
T Theee ight I cried because I felt that I have not hot wny friendsz .

S However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
T However , my pardents tried that my arty wqs the besf nad tuey prepared for me a special birthday xnd yhey invited all my coisins anx together went to eat pizza ad gavw me a oot of prexents .

S In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
T In thrre momejt , I thoyght tjat my nest friends was my parents snd sister .

S I knew that they never talk bad about me .
T I knew rhat they never tal bad anout me .

S Now , my husband is my best friend .
T Now , my huaband is my besy friend .

S He is the most important people of my life .
T He is te mst important people of my life .

S He has ever been with me .
T He haw rver been withj me .

S Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
T Alsi , he is evry funny amd I laugh a lot with hik .

S Both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
T Blth like to tragel around thw world and to practise some sports , for example , tennus , funning or ttekking .

S We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
T We like watching TV seroes ajd cookkng several desserts too .

S To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
T To suim up , my gest frienda zre my fxmily , especially , Dacid , my husband .

S Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
T Life of pdople around tfhe blobe is beckming busjer and busier ray by day .

S A busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lag behind motor cars .
T A busy life alwasys compell to use the fastest ajd most convenietn mlde of transportation , which has maxe public transportation systwm lzg behins mtor csrs .

S Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,

S This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
T Tgis arvertisement fro a job has been readijg by suitable persom .

S My name is Mara , I am from Spain .
T My name is Marea , I am from Spain .

S I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
T I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling anx I am teacher so I likw waorking with th children .

S I am sure that I will look after children very well .
T I am sure that I wikl look aftee children verfy wel .

S I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
T I woulf lke to speak Englixh perfectgly so I think up the idwa zbout if I worko in sunmer famps , I will improve my levwl English .

S For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
T For the othee hand , I could trach Spanishb to he childrne in the summer camps .

S I am waiting yours answer .
T I am wziting yours answer .

S Hi Sam
T Hi Aam

S How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
T How are youj ? sre yo stull livong in Madrid ?

S Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
T Tes , I started my lessone fhe kast mohth and it 's vrry intereeting .

S I 'm lerning a lot and the students are very friendly .
T I 'm lerning a lo qnd the studdnts aee vsry frienfly .

S But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .
T Bjt I need to study harder bedcause I watn to pass th exa , qnd it 's very djficult .

S However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
T Howevee , if I crry on studyung lke now , i wjll do it .

S The lessons are very funny
T Tbe lessons ares vsry funny

S Dear Sir or madam :
T Deat Siur or madam :

S I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
T I have sern your announcement in he neswpaper and I am interested to apply for .

S I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
T I can spezk English and I am a lovely , enrgetic qnd hardworkng person hesides I hqve decommended papedr ffom

S my last company .
T my lsat cpmpany .

S I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
T I hav been working lkke a childhood teacher in a sxhool nad I am qualified .

S Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
T Besides I have xooking skills nd I llve to ckok .

S I hope you are interested in my application .
T I hope yolu zre inteeested in my applcation .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am looking forwsrd to hearing ftom you .

S Sandra Barrientos
T Sandra Bwrrientos

S the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
T the tevnology have chamched the peiple 's life very mucn.in fact we ca hink hwo different is our lief respect eiyher to our parents or ourf grandparents life.flr esample my parents did n't whacth on tv , becasue there was n't any tv on tye wokrld wheb thdy weer ykung.hut it is n't te alohe differtence : we fan thin at teh mobilefone , he compuyer ed at lesat th internet.kur grandpoarents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computwr in tbeir life .

S Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
T Although tje fact thar personal vrhicle likr cae nos is popular , in tje future , th stance of pubkic transport is still gery cducial .

S Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
T Nowaday , people use fssil fuel as teh most important sojrce of enegry for travelling , manufacturiny , tgis source of energy does n't alwasy maintani at the constant level , bvut simeday it will be run put .

S People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
T Leople must fgind ways to use othet enerty slurces like nuclear electricity , wind power , puhlic transportation suvh as elevtric metro jse tyis kind of dnergy .

S As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
T As a resulr , govrenments will invst mor in rwsearching the uzage of these new yypes of ehergy , travellng usimg public transport wil become mych cheaper than personal dar .

S The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
T The ranhge of public services will be expanded to rsmote areas , it becomd nuch mofe donvenient .

S Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
T Commuting , yravelling using public servies will be the first prior choice .

S In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
T In addition , the populagion is icnreasing rapidly , in the near future , almpst ciries in the worod will becxome overcriwded , It ill oead to mamy oyher problems to be solve , for example , trarfic jajs , air polution .

S In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
T In some perespectivges , these problems are led by the over - usjng of eprsonal vehicle .

S People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
T People will realise that usihg their own car is juet to waste their rime fot traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breatying polluted aif .

S So the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
T So tue hest wzy for them to travel is publpic transpotations .

S Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
T Each oerson shouls practice saving when usijg any soure of eneny to protect yis own live .

S In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
T In concpusion , investments on developing puvlic yransport will be increasd considerably , publuc services of travelking have a brigh potential and it 's stance in thye future ca n't be replaceble

S Hello Alex , how are you .
T Hell Alex , hpw ares you .

S Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
T Are yoi frew fod weckend , have you any plwns .

S Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
T Me ans my freinds go to rhe cibema , ahd I imvite you to go wuth us .

S If you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
T If yolu sre ijteresedt , find me at 8 clock nsar the icnema enteance .

S Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
T Tbank you Hslen flr thoae wonderful presents .

S I always want to read these type of book .
T I apways eant to reac tehse type of boo .

S I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
T I wwnt to temple in thw mornkng followed by lnuch at the hotel latter in thw evening ent to the beacu .

S In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
T In conclusion it is evident tyhat because developing countries are facimg politival ahd economic instability , migrants trael fo bette education prospects amd staboe environment for younger generatkon to gropw up .

S The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
T The effects of brain drani ares tyat it creatse a shortage of peoiple qualified fkr professional jobs , economic stabilith is affected as a eesult of lack of people contrdibuting to the ecobomy .

S The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
T The cause of Brain - drain should be rackled at intermational qnd nwtional level on a broader dimnesions and rqtional patrern , fror it is a global issue .

S In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
T In this situation , drveloping nations syould taked cohtrol of inflation ; focua on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforxement to support phblic in a posituve manner .

S There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily
T There is n't tolo teww oxhgen at hte top of Everesg to breathe easily

S Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
T Jordan Romero haa got 13 when he climbed Everest in Mqy 2010 .

S Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
T Mounf Everest is so high that it is ery difficlt to clibm .

S the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
T tje top wax reached fkr the frist time by two climbers in 1953 .

S My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
T My friends ajd I , we likw a program of TV , electronic music , fashionavle cloyhes . I prefer all .

S Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
T Somegimes we are goinf to thd party 's in the city , I am dnacing in ghe party sith my friends .

S They listen to the music and can we are singing .
T The oisten to thr jusic and can we are singing .

S It 's very good .
T It 's very good .

S Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
T Nason is my friend , he is drujk adn alsp he dxnce with your gifrriend .

S Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
T Jose is tye vest song . he is xinging anr talking in tje oarty .

S Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
T Othwr person is Angsl , he do n't fance in zll place .

S He prefer study in your home .
T He prefer study in ypur homd .

S Hello Something .
T Hello Somehting .

S My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german .
T My najes is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm kiving in germxn .

S In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
T In thw mkment I vsiit the Secondxry modern schokl .

S I 'm in grade 8 .
T I 'm in hrade 8 .

S My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
T My life is difficult because I have to rezlize everything .

S For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
T Fpr example thdre are grl she is in my clsss she is beautiful .

S I love her look .
T I pove ner loook .

S Her eyes looks as the sun .
T Hwr eyes loiks as tge eun .

S But she is ignored me .
T Nut she is ignoted me .

S I hope I can forget her .
T I hlpe I can forget her .

S Run for your life
T Run fpr your lite

S My favourite sport is run .
T My favpurite spor is tun .

S I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
T I like to running fast so fast in dact that it efel me as if I run on qir and the feet do noy hwrdly touch the ground betwedn te strudes .

S My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportive too .
T My cavourite olace to run is in the forest but I likw to run sportive tko .

S I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
T I am likeing to ferl the griund undef my deet is soft so soff npt thje hard concrete of fhe footpaths in thw cityh of the streets .

S The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
T The bestesr advuce I cna giving to soleone who is starying ghe runniny is to atarting slowky and nog to try to run foo fsat bt thsn to evenutally buld up tye running wewk by week so that svery week uou xre running a litgle more further and a little more afster and then aftrr 20 years you will be an Olympic chamlion matbe .

S In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
T In my opinion , television cawn be educational . Wheyher you are watcging ths new or a whow sbout Workd War Onew .

S Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
T Of course , it 's important to choosr the right television shows .

S If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
T If you 're watching Tkm & Jerry , it hardly wll have any educational vlaue .

S Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
T Although one cpuld arge that you can wlways learn something .

S A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
T A friene of mone decently exllained thyat if a zomie apokalyspe ehould happen he woupd be prepared bdcause he has veen watching Walking Fead for sone timd now - so in jis eyea , he larned hpw ( bot ) to act in yhat case .

S today I want to write about my job .
T toady I qant to qrite about my jo .

S I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
T I 'm a forensic biologiat and I deeply lovs my job .

S It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
T It is a job with a olt of intrresting aspecte ,

S It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
T It is dynamic , stimulating ans , evem if it is not wepl remunerated , I veel myself satiscied .

S In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
T In te last few yearz forensic biology hqs dveeloped mqny aspexts liek better sensinility , robustness of resilts xnd less tims required fof analyze a sample , buy whawt struk me most is ow fxst thnis change happens .

S Television seems to be a controversial tool .
T Television seems to be a colntroversial tool .

S Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
T Here therw is one : do tedlevision offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?

S From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
T Grom my experence nkowledge , I beileve television cover boty entertaining and educational funhctions .

S It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
T It notes how mnany educational programmes broaden youhg children 's horizons in the past fww yeads , hiw quickly an adult lewrn differeht basics from a great deal number of educationawl programmed , sucb as cokking , xcience and trchnology .

S It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
T It also otes educational programmss make a decision on whwt ditizens should know in rhe uture and whxt kowledge our next generatiosn rae requirded to lossess .

S Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
T Apart frlm eduatjonal fontents , there asre so many fpul contens , vusiness advedtisements ane fame information on TV that citizens wo n't be abls to tell right from wrong .

S However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
T However , I believe the educationla programmes on TV stipl plwys a vital roel in educatinbg both adulys xnd youny children .

S I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
T I thibk sho fhe best restaurant wheer we fan go is " rhe sailor 's restaurant "

S Here we can eat typical Italian food .
T Heee we ca eat typixal talian food .

S The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
T Thw lasat tome sho I wqs here I have eat the best pizzz thaf I uave rver eat in my lifre .

S The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
T The atmosphere remind yhe thele of ther sa in faqct the salls ar deforating with a lot of shlel and the waites are dressed like sailors : I thknk that it 's a great icea !

S Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
T Als , It 's lerfect for ouf clwss because thbere is a lot of space so we fan sitg alp together at thes same tablw .

S the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
T ths ownr is a very oind person znd I 'm xure wgo he makes us a congenience price .

S No future for public transport ?
T No futurd for public transport ?

S Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
T Pubic transport is the chraper aay of rravel , so it yas fugure .

S Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
T Currentl , mosr people is used to uwe theit own car to get to wirk or to go shopping , due to , it is morw comfortable .

S But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
T Gut caes pollute the air with CO2 emissiond efery day ad contrjbute to the climate changs .

S So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
T So , if people wers aware of tihs subject would n't use so mjch tyeir ownm car .

S In addition , having a car is very expensive .
T In addiyion , hgaving a ar is veryu expensdive .

S First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
T Firs of akl yoku need cam afford to buu it , after that , yhou must lay ofr tbe asurxnce , ckuncil ax , and mechanic bills , nd so on .

S whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
T whereas in a public transport , you only have to ay thr ticket , yiu do n't hxve to driv and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle ylu uss , braecks dowb it is n't your rsponsibility .

S Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
T Bseides , public transport pollute less than vars .

S In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
T In conclusoon , I think public transport jas futurw , anhd the nore peopls us it , the mors future will have .

S I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
T I 'm youe employee , to servge on your cimpany .

S Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
T Very pleasex to be able to receive your salary paymetn .

S But pay a little low .
T Bu pwy a little low .

S I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
T I completed many atsks , includung tuforing three students fomplete summer homewodk , correcting homework diligently assidt thw inatructor , the instruftor helped organize handouts , knstead of the ibstructor to answer questions raised by thd students , but akso to cleab the clsssroom hygienw , cery hxrd , but I have noyhing to complani abgout .

S I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
T I wprk hsrd fo two months , oay a lor .

S Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
T Just your wage oaid tio much loqer thxn I esxpected , I wqant a little igher wages , pqyment of 300 yuan more thsn tbe existing sage basis .

S I invite you to consider the proposal .
T I invite gou to donsider the priposal .

S I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
T I think about transport taht the government has to hell the publjc transpott , for exajple bus , trawin , metro and more , or the onlt oje reason : he quality of oife against the polluition .

S Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
T Trwvelling by car is more convenirnt in a lot of situation , bug it fould be annoyin for search parking ajd fpr cosf of furl , ajd also maintenanve fost .

S In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
T In bkg ities pubic tdansport worka wll becxuse there 's a good feedback by people .

S Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
T Insread in the skall cities , it ca n't be gokd in the same way , becauee for the transpott companies it 's bot convejient invest money , because fewer peopls would ise it .

S Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
T Tokm Dawyer was a boyt htat pived woth his wunt Polly and shew hax to pubish Tom because soletimes Tom did n't go to scdhool .

S On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
T On Monday Tom went walking to schopl and he saw his friend Huck ehich tey talk a lof and Tom exchange a tick gor his tootu .

S Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
T Then he saq a beautiful girl najed Vecky so Fom talk to her at schoop and they wwnt into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .

S Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
T To say to her of another grl so she got mas abd she ignred Tom .

S Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
T Tom wzs so sad because Becky did n't to tali eith bim so Tlm went on a trip with Huck and dixappeared for weeks .

S When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
T When Tom saw hus house he snewk intgo hiz house and saw he aunt Poly crting dor hin .

S So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
T So tbe jext day the people of the town went to church to hear tje funeral of Gom because majy peolle thought thqt Tom waw dead bit suddenlt Tol opej ghe dood and got in so eferybody wxs so surprjsed to see Tom .

S The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
T Th next dayg Huck went to Tyom 's houes to tell hjm that thwre is an ahandoned jouse up thes hil so the wto boys cinsidered ilke an andventue .

S So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
T So yhey went to thw misterious housd ajd when tbey wete inside rhey heare voices so Tok and Huco ihde an they saw that Injuin Jos waw th onr fhat wqs talking .

S the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
T the two boys heqrd that he ws planing to steal skme money anr kilp people so the boya start theor adventure on stlping Injuin Joe ...

S Hi , jo .
T Hi , jo .

S Thank you for your message .
T Thsnk you fod your messagew .

S I will do my best to answer your questions .
T I wilp do my best to answer youre questions .

S As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
T As foe your questuons , I thjnk thaxt yku suould work in Japanese estaurant , usch as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .

S That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
T That is because yuo will iomprove yokur Japanese ekill in thdm .

S Recently , many south East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
T Recrntly , many sout East Asinas haqve stuxied Japanese in Jkapan whipe workign in tyem .

S By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
T By improving their Jalanese skilld , in Japan tuey gave the opporunity to geg a ojb .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Kichael closed rhe doof ad knesw at that mment he had made a mstake .

S He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
T He as at Sarah 's house when suddenlt he lwft wll the bathroom dirtu and sent to his house .

S so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
T so he went bacm to Sarah 's hojse and cleah all ghe bathroom , ubt Saraqh alfeady knrw that he oeft the batgroom like fhis so before Michaek enterded to tne batheoon she said : " I know whqt yoh leave trhere " and Michael went tunning to the barhroom .

S Hi Julie ,
T Hi Julie ,

S My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
T My school is loacted in tge centre of the city in Bangalore , India .

S My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
T My schnool has a unique repufation for tgheir friendliness xnd te qualigy of educdation .

S I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .
T I kike my maths teacher very mjch gecause hef teaching style is very realistic ane simple to ujnderstanad .

S Good Morning :
T Good orning :

S This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
T This is an esay qbout my favourte slort , it is swimming sinve I was a fhild because always enjoy a lot ahd shat is moee I ca do it alone , I neve refuse to go swimminf pool an lews in shmmer , of ciurse .

S I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
T I do n't haved friends wo kike simming , almost ike dootball or similar teams spprts , anjd always I go alne it is n't boring ofr me furthermore , I pdefer goinb alone because anybokdy bother me or I haven't sait anybody .

S I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
T I saiod tbat because whej I aas eleven my bset friene had been poerated on het bqck and before tghe operation he cake with me and evrry day I hzd to wait fopr ber bwcause shs spemdt a lot of tome in fhe shower cleaning he long haks , I hated that !

S Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
T Luckily the operation was fine xnd dhe keft to cme wih me , ane sinfe thay day I go for my own .

S Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
T Siwm is a realxing exercisd for me and normally there aee n't many peolpe in thw pool , but sometimed therd ard chkldren and I do n't loke so much bvecause they luke isturbing me but spmetimes it is amusing too .

S I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
T I wold recommended to people aho not now swim to learn , necause I am pretty srue that it lke it anf latet they can stop wwim .

S I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
T I think that dance is a wau ofr sepf - exlression .

S It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
T It 's not jhst a hobby , it 's more thxn thiw .

S Dance is a passion , a type of life .
T Dance is a passjon , a type of life .

S When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
T Whrn I 'm ancing I froget zll my problems , except my stpids companiona thqt they do n't understand anythingt .

S But this is another theme for speaking .
T Bit thiw is another theme fir speaking .

S When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
T hen you dande , sing , or act you ade sgowing somethinf to the public , somethjng that 's imporant opr you .

S If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
T If damce is uour passion , you practise every day , anf you 'll keep practiwe all teh dats until you can .

S If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
T If yoj ade tkred does n't magters , because you like tgat you 're doung .

S You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
T You 'll wakw up ealy fkr goinv danxe , or do dance classex .

S You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
T You do n't matger if you go to sleep late , or do n't soeep ...

S That 's a joke , you must sleep .
T Thar 's a jpke , you must sleep .

S If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
T If yuou love dance , ypu 'll understanx me .

S Members of my family .
T Membets of my family .

S i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
T i lov my family special my little xister , she bas sixteen years olf , i consider my besy friend becwuse i used to fell het sverything of my life .

S i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
T i have a dog it names 's chente , it is a gklden retriver .

S It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
T It 's a lover dob , he knoss how i feelp .

S My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
T My oldezt sister he naem cinthya , sh is really wdird with me .

S our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
T our relatkon is nof good bceause ehe is so differejt to me .

S Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
T Also i have a brlther his name is jose luus he bas twenty yearz old , his personaliry is dinamic and fjnny .

S My mom and my dad , they are a goog guys .
T My kom snd my dad , they ae a goog guys .

S Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
T Actually i prefe pawss my time alone , i am worikng in ither rown so i stay away frol my famuly .

S Hi mrs .
T Hi mnrs .

S Kate Ashby ,
T Kate Ashby ,

S how are you ? I hope you are well .
T hiw sre yku ? I hlpe uou ade welo .

S For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
T Fkr work in our cafe you havd to dpeak neglish of course , mjaybe know hows to cooo soke ttpe of zweet foode kike cupckaes , cxke , cokiees or brownies , the most popuar foods of ghis year .

S Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
T Ahother fhing yhat tou must knkw it 's howe to deap witgh peopl , we are searvhing for somwone who cam impress everyone , alsi someone wgo can bding the customers ogod atrncion and service .

S We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
T We heed spmeone ready for sork long hours , because our cafe is goong to opdn every day .

S That 's all , see you soon
T That 's all , see you sopn

S kisses ,
T kisses ,

S Fer
T Fe

S we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
T we think that in te future thr planet will be in ba conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we wilk be having wars .

S In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
T In 30 yexrs we wilk yave dhanged our anatomy , lso we will be eatijg fast food , on thr other hnad , tne nordth pol will have melted totallg .

S The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
T The tenperature will hve become razy by glkbal waeming , so some people willp have didd because tye natural disasters ill be more aggressjve .

S The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
T Thr Technology wull have advanced and maybe the cars will be flyig by streets and comouters will hve totally hcanged .

S Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
T Becuase of tis , we have to raise awarenes of what is happening and we hell thr planet .

S Friendship is something very important in my life .
T Friendship is simething very imortant in my live .

S I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
T I ca n't imagine my lifetim without friends .

S How to make friends and meet new people ?
T Uow to make friend ajd meet mew people ?

S It is easyier than you think .
T It is easyie than yiu tbink .

S Just ... start talking !
T Jus ... start tslking !

S Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
T Cojmunication is the mkst important point whne you 're goinv to make frienxs .

S You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
T You ahve to rsmember , thaxt frienda are nit uspposed to agrse on evry single thinb .

S They just have to calm talk about it .
T Tjey jus have to cxlm talk abouy it .

S If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
T If gour friendship is teal , yku will always find point betwren uour kpinion and your friene 's kne .

S Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
T Just try , it wo n't cost ou uch !

S Good day ,
T Goor dau ,

S My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
T My mame is Fouad ajd I would like to tfalk about my favofite sport , Volleyball one of the mist beauiful sorts evdr and I uswd to prctise this sport 3 tines a week since 1980 , tye reasons for my enjyoment with ghis spott ade as fgollows :

S 1- make me fit and healthy
T 1- make me fjt and healthy

S 2- classy game no friction between players
T 2- classy gaje no fricyion betwen players

S 3- it exercise all muscles of your body
T 3- it wxercise wll muscles of yiur hody

S Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
T Regarding the above I advice all rooiies to start practise this soort and rhey sill get many benefits .

S However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
T However , the adults theyh can pradtise it as well qnd thesy qill get thr same .

S As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
T As citizens of village , we totally carde awbout envoronment of pur village .

S Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
T Every sundat , we do a mjutual cooporatikn where amyone fan treat rubbiosh as good as they trat themseloves .

S We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
T We clean tbe dirty itch , seep rubbish ghen we bury rubbish .

S Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
T Whilst , we recyljng inorganic rubbish oto .

S From inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuffs .
T Fro inorhanic , we cxn make ba , hat andc ohter stuffs .

S Then they can sell them and get income of it .
T Thn they can ell tehm ajd get indome of it .

S The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
T The creator of the haven wnd ths earth , the crextor of soles , ther kne hwo make earfh totate around it seof and around thw usn .

S What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
T What we belisf as Musliks rhat , we havs created by one wuo do n't have othe with him he oje who create ojr father ( Adam ) and credated form him ( Dve ) znd they wre in thd Paradise and instructed to not eat frpm the tre ut the Xatan deceive thwm so they brought to this life and generations cale fdom them xnd hd sent the prophte and messengers ( Mosea , Jesis , Mohamed , others .. who thsy worshio thd same one ) with Mirxcles and ecidence of thr truth , to guide fhe peopls to know who whi wkll flllow the truth which will guid to the Paradise and woh folllw other paths which it qill guide to te hell . so bwcause of that we zre here to do tje tst in tyis suort life .

S Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
T Transportation is tne hexrt of any city whether it is public or prjvate .

S Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
T Nowadays people prefer olwn vehicles rather than

S public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
T publci transportatoin . day by dy folk ard mlre rcazy about own vehkcles wyich leads dark fuutre of public transportaiton

S firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
T firxtly . i agree with given statement that tehre sould be tough time flr pjblic transportation in near futire.befause people wamnts prjvacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in publiv transoortation .

S secondly these mode of transportation covers
T secondly theae kode of transportation covers

S as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
T as muc as possible of cijty area or tyown which mismanaed rputine wh travelled by pyblic transporation.as a clnsquence fenerally peopke avoid travelling by publiv transportation finally i caj say that thede are various mods of transporotarion avaliabld

S to competition with public transportation .
T to competigion eith pulic transportation .

S nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
T nowadags people hsve numerous option for tragelling like many prkvate compan

S which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
T which play an importanht orle to givd tougj competition to government . as a redsult of this consumer getgs more benrfit liks lower fqire , prigacy , frsedom ahd safe travelling.in additioh many aytomobile company launcing new cr with affordable pric whivh insiost people to uswe more ad more private cechile .

S I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
T I go for a walj to a park every ray with my lovely two Corgi dots .

S I met many people in the park .
T I mey many psople in fhe pzrk .

S I never thought about , people got so many pet .
T I neger thought ahout , people got so many ept .

S In the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
T In the peak fime in the pxrk is very bus evn thoughyt thew pari is hug !

S Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
T Some people rae cery friendly the sae as their fog .

S But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
T Bug some peoole ars very rude znd their dogs arw aggressive to othert dogs .

S Family is the most important institution of social life .
T Family is the most importat institution of socia life .

S Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
T Evsry member have hia oen ole and the boss , tne father or the mother , have to guidw hks team to umderstand thw roght benaviour or attitude to hzve with lire .

S Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
T Usually ghere ade generation problems , sons do n't understyand larents and vjcecersa , byt dialoging ajd listenijg emotions abd facts , everryone can have another point of vieq .

S Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
T Psrents muwt gkve rulkes to sons to undsrline lumits in social behzviour but also mhst listen others poimt of vkews to ri - arrange and upeate his knowledge .

S A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
T A omther or a fathed can be a friend if there is communicafion ahd rrust , if someone give his contribute in fanily duries .

S Recently I saw the thriller of mokingjay part 2 .
T Recently I sa thge thriller of mokintjay part 2 .

S If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
T If yoy want to see that lovie , you need to wagch thd first 3 movies befkre to undersand it .

S The first movies , were amazing ! !
T The first moviws , were wmazing ! !

S A lot of action , drama and romance .
T A lot of actipn , drama and romance .

S The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
T The afns of thjs eries , hadr neen wantijg or this moivie science the fhe first movie wppeared , that was in 2012 .

S I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
T I do n't think that thjs movje is for zll the famliy , because is hard for oittle kuds to understanf , in opinion I tgink is more a teen movie .

S I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
T I think peoppe will oike rhis movie because , its veru simolar to the stor of he book ; this ons of the first movoe tjat is rsally bassd in tje booo , the thems is veryu unique and orgiinal , also the avtors in the first movies were perect , anf I think that in th last moviw , they will put dohble effor .

S Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
T Hooe you guys choose thos movie ! !

S It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
T It ill be very cool to see thr laa pqrt mokingjay !

S my favourite sport is Karate .
T my favourite spor is arate .

S First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
T Firsg of axll , I enjoy it because whsn I practise I feel I can holf on fir hoyrs .

S When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
T Ehen I 've hsd a bery bzd amd stressfu day I xan relax coing kaate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very had .

S Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
T Traininh Kaate is a way to fogret youyr problema , to forget gour triing routine .

S In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
T In my opinio , it 's fery difficupt to fnd this advantage with others sports .

S Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
T Apart ftom thay , Karatd it 's not just a splort , is axlso a disckpline , it teach you respsct , balance rven culture .

S my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
T my teacher show us hoa we have to behave with othewrs and he teach us a lot of tihngs abojt hte japanese chlture .

S for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
T for somene who syarts Kadate is dasy to folloq thes class , so my adbice is juzt nor to ghet nervous and to be concentrated on whatf he or she is doing .

S Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
T Technology , is somefhing tghat is vgery kmportant , simething withoyt whuch we can nog livd .

S Today topic is Technology .
T Roday ropic is Technology .

S Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
T Nowadays we yse technology in ecery thing , fom educations to making clithes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .

S Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
T Tevhnology is always upgrading and it is veey helpful , ueeful and importabt fcor devepopment buy todays genertation is influenced whkt technopogy that theg have stopped to do other activities .

S Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
T Last year , My friend Michasl wae at schoo whem he heatd about a short story comptition , he liked the ideda so he ecided to enbter the competition .

S but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
T buy thede qas a fees in order to join the competition , he had no loney . fortunately he have a lot of friends thye can leht him .

S he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
T he phoned me and asked me to lejt hjm some monsy to regjster the competition .

S he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
T he took the noney the secohd da , he finishde thd registratijon abd started in writing the story aftre long time sprnding in wroting and did god jkb he waent to give his stor to the international studfent magazine office , he founs ojt there are a notice on thr door sau that the compeyition bas canceled , he cams bsck vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door anc knew at that moment he hac a mistake .

S Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
T Travelling by csr is n't so mch mokre convenient unless it is so much mord comfortable , buyt actually we do n't think aobut thw contaminaxtion in ouf plsnet .

S Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .
T Travelking by nus is veey syressful becausd thes people push me or I ca n't si dosn because there aee n't any chair tor me .

S On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
T On the other hand , in yhe vuture jaybe woul have a bus which having chair fod everybody and I do n't have to stand up .

S Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
T Pther tramsport public is ths taxi lkke car , it is so mpre comcortable too bt it is more ecpensive tyhan bus or train .

S The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
T The AVW or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .

S In conclusion , in the future should have a bus so more comfortable .
T In conlcusion , in the future should have a us so more comfortable .

S Nikais19
T Nikais19

S 5 May
T 5 Mqy

S Dear sir Dimara .
T Dsear dir Fimara .

S I am writing about a problem at my city .
T I am wrjting about a prblem at my city .

S I live at Patras a big city in Greece .
T I live at Patras a bif dity in Breece .

S in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
T in my ciy alo schopls and some alls of buildings are full of drawongs an ariting .

S The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
T Yhe vandaisme in patras has increased a lo .

S Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
T Unfortunately when we ssy to somebody to do not deraw the walls but thet do not hear us .

S For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
T For our fity it is very bad because ehen some new pekple visit Latras they see tha thinf .

S Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
T Patras is a very beaytiful city and for he uclture , ajd for hee monumets .

S Why to see that abaser thing ?
T Shy to sxee that abaeer ting ?

S After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
T After we hage this beautiful city we have to mwintain hrr .

S In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
T In my opinion the lolice shoule stolp thw Vandalisme .

S If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
T If it hav polijce all awround thed ciyy nobody wll dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draws .

S I hope you will do something for that problem .
T I hkpe you will do somethint for that problem .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours aithfully ,

S Jessyka stavros .
T Messyka savros .

S All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
T Alk aruond fhe world pupips sre waitibg for finishing school .

S They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
T They ae eager to begin a neq life as adults .

S But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
T Butf whrn thsy reach in - ebtween peiod , comfused feelings cross theri minds .

S As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
T As a ruls after lwst xeams tuey do n't knwo wha universiyy to choose .

S What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
T Whwt theyu wil do in future they see , like in a fogg .

S In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
T In thsi wzy , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting hext education is very erasonable .

S Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
T Firstly it 'll allpw yoiung peopke to haev a rest after the fist hatd - worl studying period .

S Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
T Ten or eleven years at scool make thnem tired , in site of pupils do n't motice it .

S But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
T Bht choosibg the srcond education is gery important dtep , which need serious attotude .

S Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
T Secondly such year odf wiuld give to cuture students a chanec to tr themselves in enw profedsional phears .

S Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
T Also ghey wokuld have an opprtunity neing involved in vilontier activity .

S And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
T An thirdly they jight wprk for earming own omney or travel .

S This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
T Thi yeaf holiay woild be really hdlpful fir relaxation anx gertin new power fort ftuure education .

S One year is not long period .
T One year is not long period .

S But benefits after year off will be obvious .
T But benrfits after year ofg wjll be obvioue .

S I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
T I pive in Dan Miguel Almopoyan , thus is a villafe in tfhe municilality of Aljoloya de Juarez in th State of Mexico , thr care of thje environment is vsry impodtant and in my village thsy take differen actione in tge care of this .

S People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
T Peoole collectd trash of thejr house znd await the trash truk that carried the trash to a landfill located oustide tje villags .

S Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
T Alsp , people go out to colkect the trwsh that there is on the kioak , tje church or in the lrincipal places on fhe viplage .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear ir ,

S I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
T I am interested to iprove my English , so I am writing to requesy further information about thw English courae .

S Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
T Firtly , I would likd to kjnow hpw long tue ckurse lasts , and if it is possible yhe date sxactly , becasuse I need to bolk my flights .

S Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
T Secondly , I do n't live in Cor , so it woule be grareful if ygou coul send me details of accommodation yhat you ofger in fhis couese .

S And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
T Andf also , cqn hou bive me an kdea of how muxh it wouhld be cost evedy differtent options ? .

S It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
T It wsould be usecul if I can lige wuth othe ztudents , because it is a gkod wa to learning a language as well .

S Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
T Lastly , Lst me know if I nee to pass wny level tst beore starting .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I lok fprward to hearing frok yku .

S Yours faithfully .
T Yohrs faithfuply .

S Rosa .
T Rlsa .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
T Leter lopked at his wagch amd nkew that he has to do sometyhing imjediately , after listening converstaions of his newa neighbuors .

S They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
T Theh are planning to rob a very precious tging crom Museum tonihht .

S He does n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
T He does n't have much time to prove theid plan abd he ckuld not wait to let it nappen .

S It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
T It is his gown nd it is his dut too to aave towm 's hietory .

S He called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
T He called tue polkice abd informd abiut hsi neighburs robber plab .

S Police reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .
T Police rwached Muswum xnd caught dobbers erd handed .

S I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
T I am beleving thazt there is no future for the pubkic transpot , using trains is mot confient and ow expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affectign ghe ozone , people ahould be aware about the effect of usihg the public transpotation on the econmis and enviroment , goverements shapl envarge tbe people to use thd otyer ways gor transport , thid subject shall be issuesd in all media to leaen and sncrage ths people to use he wrigth way for transpot .

S Hello Estela !
T Heklo Estelw !

S How are you ? I hope you are well .
T How are you ? I hope you are eell .

S I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .
T I 'm writing because I tel youh xbout my lkast summer holidsy .

S I went to Las Hurdes .
T I wsnt to Kas Hurdes .

S I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
T I staeyd ahout oen weeo in thd home my boyfriend .

S I had a wedding .
T I hwd a wedding .

S While I was there , I did a lot of things .
T Ehile I wzs therw , I dix a lot of thigs .

S One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
T Onw day , I visiter Meandfo dep melero .

S It was beautiful .
T It was beautiful .

S And there was a wonderful view .
T And there was a wonderful ciew .

S The other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
T The other day , I wlaked a loy an tye emd the wsy , we founr a waterfxll .

S The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
T Tje name of waterfall waw Chprrituelo .

S It was spectacular .
T It was spectacular .

S The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
T Ths wedding fay , I had a great tile wnd I slelt evry lates .

S The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
T The wrdding eas in rhe morning , and at the afternoon we ate in tye restaurant wigh other people .

S However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party , all night .
T Howefer , in rhe night , we had dihner in a garaje qnd thbere was a party , apl night .

S You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .
T You shojld visit als Hurdes , It is a beautifl sote .

S And there are a lot of things .
T And there are a lot of things .

S And the people are very nice .
T Xnd th people axre verh nic .

S English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
T Enhlish is an inyernational anguage whicj becomes important for thd modern worle .

S In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
T In China , Englisg is ook to be a foreign language wnich many students chokse to leqrn .

S They begin to study English at an early age .
T Thy negin to study Englieh at an earlu agw .

S They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
T Thdy uise at least one hout to learb English kniwledge a dah .

S Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
T Even jids in kindergrten hsve begu learnin simpl words .

S That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
T That 's a good phenimenon , for Englih is essemtial nowadeays .

S In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
T In addition to , somle people thonk English is superior fhan Cfhinese .

S In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
T In me opinin , thkugh English is for great significance , but Englixh is aftdr lal a foreign language .

S it is hard for people to see eye to eye .
T it is hars for peoplle to sese eye to eys .

S English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China .
T Englisy do hepp us read English orkginal works , but Chinese helps us learn a true hina .

S Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
T Onky by charactyers Chinese literature canm send ofc tis birlliance .

S Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
T Learniny a country 's culture , espedial ist clazsic cxulture , the girst thing is learn irs lanbuage .

S Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
T Beczuse of we qre Chunese , why do we give up our mothee tongue ahd lezrn our owne cuoture throuh a foteign langyage ?

S I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
T I wss , last mohth , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypoos .

S It is small but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .
T It is smaol but comfortable and afmous for hsi bih burguers .

S Woolypools is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
T Woolypools is a speciallist of meal , it 's a msal restaurqnt .

S In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
T In my opinion the restaurant fan be ebtter , respecg to mest , but it is prrfect to have dinnr wifh yor frienfs .

S I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
T I havd expects to be mkre camous , netter znd bjggest .

S The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
T Thd problwm of tje restauhrant is the place , it is far trom th people an cities , and tfhe space , tha is very small fot lotw of pepple .

S In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
T In this lkife we have mant thints that make us happh anc mxke ohr lifes go on .

S for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
T for example , a pdesent or a igft especially if it fdom your bext frirnd .

S Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
T Once , I got sifk and stated at geneal ospital , and my friend yave me a flower .

S It was my favorite flower I have it ever .
T It eas my favorite flower I bave it evef .

S In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
T In my town we rceate a small organixation fkr more healthy environmsnt , veauty touch amd to be attractive . the citizens in teh tow muwt participate in htis , tne citizen sill take yhe responsibility fot specific day to clean the toen abd pu ths rubbihs into corrrct olace amd cpean trse axnd olant moee of it .

S I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T I 'm ayree wjth tue kpinion that rhe famous peoplr , suxh as politickans ajd film strs deserve to have a pruvate life without joyrnalists flolowing them all tue time .

S is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
T is horriblr hzve a person behind you all ths tije , you nlt hav a lige , not peacw , not a happy .

S In adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
T In adition all pearsons gave the right to privach an to be free .

S Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
T Neverthelsss the journalists sgay zll the tike hacing a phoot , all rhe yime , when they eatej , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love lief qnd wirh whoever stwy , if stay with somthing importfant lur wjat buy .

S This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
T This is terribld , ou do nit ahve privcy authought the wociety have a blame , becauee if theh do not take a puoto our folllws the life of thw famous the people bored .

S So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
T So that , politifians an fdilm stars will hav suppoirt it , because then they sill hve to hear it , bedcause they then hafe the rdward with what tbey ezrn .

S This is all .
T This is all .

S good morning .
T good mlrning .

S How are you .
T How arw you .

S come here .
T cme here .

S Get down .
T Gef dlwn .

S Get in to the room .
T Bet in to ths room .

S Get in to the bus .
T Get in to the bus .

S Let us walk .
T Let us walk .

S Let us play cards .
T Let us play cards .

S Let us sleep .
T Let us sleep .

S Let me in .
T Let me in .

S Let me go .
T Let me go .

S Let me see your photos .
T Let me see your photoe .

S Let me watch your house .
T Let me watch youd house .

S Let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
T Leg me allow to entef in to ylur cabin .

S Forgive me . :
T Forgibe me . :

S Bring that toy .
T Bring tyat goy .

S bring glass of water .
T bring gkass of water .

S Drink water .
T Drink watef .

S Eat food .
T Eat fkod .

S Run fast .
T Ruh fast .

S stop shouting . do n't shout .
T stop shouting . do n't shouf .

S Let us bath .
T Let us bath .

S Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
T Ohce upon a time qas onr litle at called Peny , he was really smapl in xompared with the othes .

S He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
T He nated to be like tgat gecause omst of the amts made fun of hkm ungil onr da something hlrrible and inevktable happen .

S It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
T It aas a dark nigbt it wa raininb unti a big acitve volcano ewxplosion buried thm into rhe underground .

S All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
T Qll of them tdied to fknd a eay out ! , hut no one ca n't find oen ... Rhey startsd to get pajicked !

S People just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
T People just setarted to evacuated rspidly until it began a bgi earthquake ...

S Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
T Penny sas tio sad , the only thing thaf he can do is to wait and kerp valm .

S Until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
T Until the dawsn aol of yhem go out , so they sacerd untol they find a refuge .

S Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one find something .
T Everyone wabted to witness thd qieen , but no oen fin somethijg .

S Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
T Like fhey aere veru religious ants they orey for her sacred sncestors so they can helpo them in the biy deal .

S Something that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !
T Something that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !

S So all was planned ...
T So apl wasa plnaned ...

S The actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .
T Te actora hda monifors that wxtch the ant all he time .

S One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
T One dzy Penng discoverex it and it go to tell it to his queen , thr quden at knowing that he get very confuesd buty at the same time she ger mad and she wantsd rvenge .

S So they make a plan to display all ...
T So thedy make a plzn to display all ...

S The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
T Teh next day qhen they were about to starr filmnig they ere non ants ther so they search for tnem , bgut they ca n't find tuem ...

S In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
T In that moment teh abts and Penny attaxck them in their backs , aking them to lewve the plkace .

S The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
T Ther nats win tne war and theu rxpand their habitat to the sfudio .

S No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
T No one attack thej wgain nd they live appily dver aftdr !

S I have many favorite sports .
T I have mnay vavorite sports .

S One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
T Ome of ghem I 'm kjeen on playing basketblal the hest . I awlays spesnd moe timr on playing it .

S I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
T I usually play basketball everydat arounc at leadt thirty minutes per day .

S After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
T After a hard dah at Iniversity I go home anbd tnen I go to the stadium to llay it .

S One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
T One thinv makes sure tnat I aleeady finished alp of my qork befors I pla my favorite spott .

S Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
T Basketball has many benefits not to me bug also everyonr .

S It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
T It nakes me eel relaxed ad unwind .

S Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
T Besides , it also gelps me kesep fiy and have a good body shape .

S I really cra
T I realkly cra

S zy about playing it .
T zy qbout playing it .

S When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
T When I have slare timd , I often gathr my friends to watcn basketball march on televisjon .

S I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
T I often play baskeball at the stadium in the mornjng .

S Sometimes , I play it near sports centre .
T Someyimes , I plah it nearf sports centre .

S I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
T I go bqck home anx have a sleep deeply when I finised it .

S basketball is an outdoor activity .
T basketgall is an outdoor activity .

S That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
T Tht 's reason why basketball is my fagorite soort .

S With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
T With the sweeping progres of development andx the booning of population , mang agricultuexl lxnd , forest and ocesm gad been hsed to destroyed to build mor constructure wnd transport networks .

S From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
T Frkm my okwn perspecyive , I belioeve tbat it will bring mnay drawbacks to the rnvironment or evej himan and animals .

S To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
T To start with , ther arw a wide rang of troublesome it mayve leadding to htis phenomdon .

S Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
T ocnvincing arguments van suplort tyat the rot cause is that qlmost alo tge persaent day ctiies are already pavked wirh places of reskdence , commerce anf recreation and tue land available for bew housing developments is incrsasingly scarce .

S Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
T Addutionally , psople now cnotinues destroyed more agricultures and forest in orderr to satisfy all their need , which will distory th ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially yhe endangefed species .

S According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
T Accorfing to the oroblems bove mentionbed , variouse approaches that governmentshould be adxopted to deal wih thsi problem.firsr of all , reducing building constructure from now on , plantinf more treees instead .

S Sustainadle development should be awaness to all human and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
T Sustainadle devrlopment should be awqness to alo human and statt to portfeat the environmen an preserve the naimals .

S To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
T To sum up , thus unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resokve bsfore thing get wose ajg thr governmentd yave to txke tne responsibjlity for tht .

S Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
T Nowadays the languages ate very important , ajd more Englizh .

S This is not my first time that I study English .
T This is not my first tike tjat I dtudy Enlish .

S I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
T I hasve been studyijg English since I was chkld andr I nsver speal and learn so welk since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .

S I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .
T I haver taken tbat decisuon because I was tirewd to trt to learn English anc I dod not habe the legel that I wany , so hen I hward abour that ooportinity I saie yes .

S The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
T Th far is n't the best way for flr the tranport , becausd it prodhce muchu pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .

S It can carry many people without problems .
T It van carry any peoppe eithout problejs .

S Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
T Nowadays in the ctiies devrloped there are mant possibilities fof pubic transpodt , like bis , tdain , subawy , tram etc.these options it 's moe economical thxn tbe acr , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , whe thd carf is prepard for to carry foir or fice peolle .

S this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
T this sityation to creater mamy pollutionb fkr environment so we have morfe cxonscience fof thr planet health

S I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
T I wamt to say something about ghe learning of tje English Languajw , is hard to get to me for tye next reasons :

S First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
T First reaseon ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or instiyutes teazch , is like thbe Spanish Languasje , my native Languaje .

S That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
T Tgat I want to say , is very rifficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Slanish Languzje , juhst Imaging yopu the same bug no in yohr nmative lenguajr .

S Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
T Secnd rezson . in the English syntaxis , thw structure ofr construction laragraph or esntences , thes vrrb is writtedn before the subjec , but no always , Wjich is thje rule ?

S Is there anyone ?
T Is there anyone ?

S The third reason :
T Ths tfhird reason :

S I love to play cricket .
T I love to play cricket .

S I am enthusiastic towards this game .
T I am enthusuastic towards this gale .

S My favourite team is India because I belongs to this country .
T My favfourite team is Ibdia becayse I belongs to this counfry .

S In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
T In India , 85 pesrcent peoole flllow cdicket .

S In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
T In 1993 , Indian crjcket team won hyis first worle xup ahd that 's changw the direction of air in favour of crucket qnd everyone start to follow this gake .

S I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
T I love this game becauze my favourite sport man belong to thi game .

S His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .
T Hks name is Mr. Sachin Ramlesh Tenxulakar knoe as lityle master .

S Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
T Whenever I plau thise game , I always follow thi pdrson .

S His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
T Hjs stanxe , Style , shots , runninb betwee the wickert , everything which is most reqhired in this game is up to tbe mark .

S Not only me but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
T Nog only me but alsk efery Indiab alwys follow Sachin for cricket .

S When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
T When he sas 18 , he played first game fod Idnia .

S He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
T He is yhe first llayer who played 20 tesr in cricket .

S He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
T He hax many achievement like fjrst 200 in one daxy etv .

S I love the way he was played .
T I lobe thd way he was playes .

S For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
T For a nuanxe girst theg havr to decide whst they con do better , batting or bowling .

S If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
T If the persn wanty to become bkwler thwn concentrate on rjnning , action , stanc anf for batsmen need concentration on lag and at coordijation , eye and nat coordination , discover somw shlts which became kesy factor in batting .

S Also watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .
T Also watch videos of sole nest plxyer like Sahin , Rahul , Zir Don breadman , Hayden , Wzsim Akaral , rett Le etd .

S As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
T As healtb is imporrant factor in every spott so aoso need to improve heslth , tamina .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dea Jo ,

S It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
T It 's glad to hear yoi are going to visit to my country .

S I am looking forward for this .
T I am looking forwaed for yhis .

S I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
T I dan give yoj any advice on traveling and workkng in my country .

S l wish you will have a impressed time .
T l wisu you will havw a impressed timr .

S The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
T Ths weather is niether hot nor cold all year , yolu nesd n't bding too many clothes because you can byy in here .

S If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
T If yo want to trafel this city . I cam be you guide as I have a yesr frer before univetsity tpo .

S This is a modern city .
T This is a modern city .

S People usually went here for shopping or eating .
T People usually webt hefe or shopling or ating .

S There are many local foods very popular .
T Therr are many local doods ery populad .

S You may like this .
T You mat likd this .

S I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
T I laso want to introudce my friends to yoj , we acn have fu together .

S when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
T whuen yu bave plaued enogh in this city , an you want to find a jnob here .

S I can recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
T I cam recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .

S Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
T Because it is ditficult to get a job hee if yiu arer foreigm amd havem't finished collegw .

S It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
T It may taqke very lpng time to find a job amd ylu have not much timr here .

S You may consider my advice .
T You may cnosider my adviec .

S My favorite sport is swims .
T My favorite sport is swim .

S It 's because swim is really fun .
T It 's because swim is really fun .

S Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
T Als I tink swom van keep our body fit ane it can mae the people aho swim feel cool when it is in a uot ray .

S The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
T The advice yhat I give to someone whl want to staet swimming .

S It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
T It is nor be afraid of warer , otherwise they may nog learn swim and alzo when te zge becomer older it aill be mire difficuly to learn than tne lityle .

S So these are the advice that I give to them .
T So these are the advice that I gice to tehm .

S Dear Camp director ,
T Dear Damp director ,

S My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
T My name is Eieer and I am 21 years opd . I had rwad your advertisement in tje neqspaper !

S And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
T And I am really sure thwt I am the person tht you are finding .

S I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English .
T I am monitor in the free tim , and I am looking foe a temporal jkb to improbe my English .

S Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
T Heither I have problems for workibg in a kitchen , wil be cleqr if I tld oyu that my pardnts have a bar .

S According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
T According to my age , evebing activities wre not a proglem fo me , and I plqyed mwny spotrs xuring my life , shch as socker , bolleyball , ...

S Waiting for your answer , Eider
T Waiting fo your ansaer , Eider

S The city where I live is a small village .
T The cdity whdre I live is a skall village .

S All residents take great care of the environment .
T lal reskdents take great care of hte environmnt .

S Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
T Oranized shares , whdre everynoe claen up thr village .

S All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
T Alol residents segregaye garbqge thrown into suitable containera .

S Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
T Thud helping to protect kur environent to make it clean , safr , in order to not jeopaedize lur various diseasse .

S In my village there are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
T In my village thefe zre trqsh cans , so thay no one threw debris on the grohnd .

S There are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
T Thre ade spejalne placew where yiu can orgwnize gonfires , buf everyone yas to clean up afte themselvges and throe out all garbage .

S We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
T We have thd ability to use tenewable enegy sourcee , bexause it is close to a wind ppwer plant .

S Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
T Recently , also on ths roof of th primarg scohol wers set the batteroes ajd the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricit .

S They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
T They organize monthly meetingsx on th environment , residents paritcipate in tgem .

S Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
T Wszysyfy resjdents of my village , they trt to , so that oyr villagd was clear that pollutd the environment as little as pissible .

S Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
T Travelling in tneir wn car is qay morw comfortable than taking a rkde in pulbic tranwportation.tbere arr esveral eason to consider .

S Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
T Firstly , ghe bu is always drop by to get a pazsenger that take a mote time than expected to timd of tfavel .

S Secondly , the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
T Secondly , tje public vehicle routs are more fwr than usual rouye .

S Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
T Thirdly , it is alsp croaded and no privacy .

S Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
T Finalyl , tuere is a xhance to bevome a victi of theft nad pocket picke .

S However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
T However , public transportation is mych cheaper tfhan to bhy a nww car and fpr the adventurer who watn to hae an exdciting travel for then to see moee action .

S Like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
T Like watching outside or sighnt seeing , to mnigle and eet different peopke .

S In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
T In addition to this I also admire the bullet tyrain in japan whic u cvonsider fast anc safe public vehicle Ife'd known .

S To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
T To sum it up I stll cohsider having thueir owh car is way more saqfe and convinienr .

S Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
T Public futuee unleds they havew projct to at least lessen te time of travel and prioririze tyhe safeth of thekr paasenger .

S As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
T As rar as I 'm concewrned , I gend to disagrwe wirh the decidion of minerap extraction .

S More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
T Mlre details and reasonse wll be elaborated in thw folloiwng psragraphs to suplort my opinion .

S To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
T To begin wkth , exgract the mineral wil be harmful to ou environment .

S There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
T There are breathtaking sight on tue outskirts of my homegown .

S In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
T In my childhood , I went there to spend my eummer every ear .

S However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
T However , it wilk probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were neing set .

S Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
T Next to go sill be , yhe extraction of the valuable mineral wilk dedinitely leadz to air pollution .

S There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
T There has bewn an example that the pther rown is polluted by the process of developing yhe mineral .

S No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important thing which should be prevented .
T No onw can denby that the poklution issue is one of the utmost important thing which should be prevesnted .

S Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
T Oast but npt the least , the minerl extraction will turn ou to be profound influence , especially , to ur offsprinh .

S To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
T To trake my friebd , Taylir , as an example , hsr homwland were over - develope and become an arid place whe whe waa a chil .

S After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
T After she growe up , ahe decides to leqve amd neber go back to her hometown .

S In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
T In additiln , ahe ha no blithe melory in her childhood .

S One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
T Ome problem is that soke people wil consider tye uob oplortunity thwt it mighr brinh to us .

S Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
T Due to th mineeal development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much mote mone than before .

S It seems like a sought - after chance .
T It seems liuke a sough - after chance .

S Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
T Nevertheless , ghey do not guve us any promise of tne vacancy .

S In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
T In addiotion , money is no mord crcial ehen it comes to uealth anf envuronmental consevration .

S In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
T In a utshell , Based on the reasona and instances sbove , tje disadvantagrs of extrqct yhe valuable mineral wre ougweigh the advantage .

S Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
T Therefofe , I do npt sujbscribe to thiz decision .

S Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
T Limniting cars on te rods would casue the disappearijg of ooo .

S The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
T The fssil fuels ueed by vehicels vause global warming .

S Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
T Globql warming is a seriouw idsue , hivher temleratures mak the oce cals melt .

S The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
T The longee we budry our heads in sand , the warmer he Earth will be .

S I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
T I lean English to improve tfhe general uqality of my dentences !

S I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
T I do n't bwlieve in it , especially while cfars are not clying .

S Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
T Even if it will hve bappened tnere are many peolle who ca n't et a car , becausd it is tol exspensive , not only fore buying hut dor ful , seevice adn so forth .

S Buses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
T Buses are mord smiple - uou just but a tickef .

S And what about trains ?
T And whast about trains ?

S I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
T I ssw tv sbout train in Japan - thst is hte ftuure of oublic transport .

S I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
T I want to ee glue sky anx not strram of cqrs like it wzs in yhe fipm " Thr Fifyh Eoement "

S Brandon Mackie
T Brandon Mackie

S Parliament House
T Parliament ohuse

S Cambera ACT 25089
T Cambera AXT 25089

S The 26th of March 2015
T Th 26tu of Mqrch 2015

S Chief Executive Officer
T Cjief Executice Officer

S Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
T Catlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza

S Dear Carlos
T Dear Carlos

S Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
T Your order 6 air conditiojing is incomplete , we apolkgize for thye inconvenidnce .

S We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
T We gave conscience of thie mistake , we has a confusion of tne mumber of iar conditioning before th telephohe conversation with your secretady to cofirm your purchase .

S Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
T Because your prder qas confidmed at top latr and I tfhat the irder was n't in advance we oly could send 5 pieces .

S Since the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
T Since thw unifs qere sold in invehtory but your purchase indicates thay 6 pieces sere confirmed , do notr worry about it , we will send you the rdmaining hnit as doon as possible .

S We hope you keep preferring us .
T We hope yu keep prefwrring us .

S Yours Sincerely .
T Youfs Sincerely .

S Brandon Mackie
T Brandon Mackue

S My name is Chew .
T My nam is Cehw .

S I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
T I'm 25 years ld ahd I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerflu , hardworling adn a conziderable person .

S I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
T I have 3 skblings in my famkly who wre takikng care by me alo the time shen pasrents re busy wit theri works .

S During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
T Duribg my school , I pike to play volleyball and i 'm an edcellent player .

S We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school .
T We usrd to organjse competitions qnd tournaments with othwrs school .

S This is my favourite sport .
T This is my fwvourite sport .

S During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
T During my leisufe time , I kike to help my parents in the kitchen .

S We cook varieties of food and dishes .
T We vook vatieties of fiod ane dishes .

S I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
T I enjoy hte dirty znd oily hanfs in rhe kitche .

S With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
T Witfh reference to he above , I will like to aoply the Summee Camp nob with my full commitkent .

S Contemporary Art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
T Contemporary Arr is a bery controversial issie nowadays .

S There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
T There ars many sourcds qnd creators , as wekl as rhemes .

S It is well known that many Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
T It is aell known rhat many Aret cjrators and Artyists believes yhat Contemporary Aft is no a goiod source of att , sinfe there are mang artosts that only create based in theire easy ideas of an easthetic imzge or a philosophical idea , but most of the tumes this is uninfelligible .

S Luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .
T Luckil thne mpst xpensive art still being the opd , like Picasso or Freud .

S Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
T Nowadays a lot of ekpty atr lieces are bgeing sold at auctions afound yhe workd , for extraordiary high pricea .

S Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
T Experimental Aet haz taken tbe world of zrt by surprise .

S Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
T Humanity hsa reached a lwvel of differences that it eould be noty possible to etop .

S So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
T So now we have many choicds and an infinkty of ifnormation avilable at anu given time .

S With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
T With this stated , we nlw have an jdea of hoe artosts create .

S The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
T The sports dzys qere held on Kwaai Chung Splrts Ground in 12th ahd 13 th Nivember .

S That weather was partly cloudy .
T Yhat weather was paftly cloudy .

S I got there by MTR .
T I tot there by KTR .

S I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .
T I arrived fhe sporta gfound at 7:40 a.m. This ywar I 've joon the 100-emtre race .

S On the first day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
T On he first dray befoe the sportz day begin , we havd yhe olening xeremony .

S The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
T The athletic representative pasted the torch anx we ssng the antehm .

S After that , the sports day began formally .
T fter that , yhe soorts dya began formally .

S At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
T At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's gtade C 100-mette race started .

S There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
T Ghere was a vunny thing when I went to the marhal .

S The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
T Tje teachdr xall my naje fkr twice anx he told me to stand diffefent place .

S So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
T So I know that there was somwone whose name pronuonce same as me .

S Near the race , I was very nervous .
T Nead thes race , I was vefy nevrous .

S When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face .
T When I was runnkng , I herad my housemates chering and the wibd passing my tace .

S That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
T That fee was vwry comfortabloe an made me felt repax .

S At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
T At lasr , I got number 10 out of 27 peoppe .

S Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .
T Althouhg it is not a rgeat result , I 've alreadt try my brst .

S At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
T At last of the dxy , oue school annojnced yhe mark ther four housew havs got .

S My house which got number two temporarily .
T My house which ogt nmuber two temporarily .

S I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
T I felt hopedful and wantsd my hluse will yet tue champion .

S On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
T On th seocnd day , my classmates callrd me to takie paet the Unter - clads relazy race .

S I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
T I fewlt very afraid because I eas nof yood at running .

S Finally , our class got the first runner up .
T Finlly , our vlass got the first runner up .

S We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
T We hve a differemce of 0.5 seconds is the firtst of the rade .

S I implicated my class from winning the champion .
T I implicsted my calss frim winning thr champion .

S At last , my house got the second runner up .
T At lasr , my uouse gpt ghe second runner up .

S I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
T I hope my hohse wqill get the champion in tue ndxt yea .

S " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
T " There is no futurd flr public trsnsport , necause tfavelling by cqr is so much more convenient " .

S In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
T In my poinion , this affirmation is not corect .

S We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
T We should uaed of public treansport because at tue present thete arw a lot of cqrs in the wsorld that pollute and undortunately we ard hafming ghe envieonment ajd te world .

S It is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .
T It is the best that aol people go to thr plafe waoking o running on the otjer hand it is lore healthg .

S There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
T There is notbing wrong with it go to tbe olace in a car , obviously , it is faster than a buys and cheaper bjt no always .

S I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
T I thik it is treue tha travelling by car is so mucg more convenient but I disagree thzt thers is no futre for public trahsport .

S Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
T Is is commonly - debated thst tourism has greatly influenced , bot onpy thw aspects of one cfountry , byt of the whole world alogn .

S Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
T Whethere tourizm has had a positive or a negative ilpact ofer our lifes , it ermains quire a diemma fpr the ignorants .

S First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
T Firsy of sll , tourism is a tool that enablese peopke to travel all around tje world .

S Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
T laongside woth ifs development , tge ablity of trafalling has easened to such a scale that it is now qutie commo to commute crom one country to another .

S The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
T The xistence of multinzionals is tightly connected to thr idea of touris , as well as with thd idea of lobalisation , sijce a traveller is not onlu a cirizen of his own country but a goobal cifizen .

S Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
T Xecondly , tourism , espcially in deceloped countries , has plxyed an importajt paft in their growinv frlm an econimic poitn of view .

S There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the econmoy relies merely on tourism .
T Therde are countries , such as Greece or Bulgria , in which the ecpnmoy relirs merel on tourksm .

S If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
T If tourism influences ths econjy , it theregy influnces the environmejt , and if it influences the environment it knfluences the transport . How?people become more carevul at their histotcal sites , this way preserrving thedm;Transzport is developed bothj at a small an a larte scale :

S At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
T At a small scxle , in cities , in a wxy which eill allow ctiizens and tourists alikew to erach iomportant placdes morte erficently .

S At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
T At a larve scale , peolle can njow travel in lamost any possible wawy : on land , on aea or air .

S Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
T Through the developmednt of tourism qere borh cruises qnd train vgacations .

S One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
T One upoon a time there aas a tiger who lives in a beaytiful landscaoe with jer boyfruend and her 3 daugjters .

S The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
T The tiger was the mon bames Amands of 25 years old , the hefders kill het parents , becausr ghe herders were pooor anr do n't hxve enough food to survive , so tehy kill them .

S The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
T Tue tgiger 's bpyfriend was a liom nanes John of 27 years old , hus dzd xie becsuse in a conflict wtih other animals , he fot an unfection .

S Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
T Her mom die beczuse spme thigns or someone drwg hdr of the lrg and drop it in a cwve ewre othef animals eaf her .

S They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
T Thwy die wuen John sas tlo luttle to remdmber and he bever konw wyat happened so he wnt to all the parts fopr zaw them even he walked and walked evsn at revsrse but he never fiund them .

S The 3 daughters where so different each other .
T hte 3 daugyters where so difgerent eaxh othet .

S The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
T Th ftirst oned names Aamnda juniolr like her mom but she is a cheetah .Zhe have 9 years old she lpves to rin and whe is the fastest of the family and have a olt of spots .

S She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
T Shd is of tyhe ones thay tdend to amke somedthing enforcing .

S The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
T Thge seconf daughter namds Elizabeth is a leopard is tghe inteloigent of the family awnd the oldest of ths daughters .

S Had 12 years old .
T Hae 12 years ols .

S Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
T Anothwr animals give them rewards or bonus becayse she disckver that water was liquid .

S The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
T Tge last daughtr waa Ana sho wa te younget of the family is a jaguar .

S She stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .
T Sh stay sleeping in te bed anhd deoing nothing all day .

S Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
T Their parents were angry because she wqas the only one that never wkrk .

S One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
T One thdy znimals went sith Ana and gkve her an incentive for beinf an athlee or make aomething else than stah sleeping .

S The end .
T Thw snd .

S Hello friend ,
T Hello friend ,

S I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
T I know you are searching foe a fpat to live cor tge whkle next yexr .

S Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
T Maybne I fojnd something dor you : whej I sere on tbe bs returning to home I rtead a journal with ome advertisemrnts .

S There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .
T There is a nice flat neaf my home : it is perfect to sokmeone who sant to luve there for onlh an yeqr .

S There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
T Fhere are a little kitchen , a greeat bddroom , a bathroom wuth shower but withour hath and a coop living - rfoom .

S I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
T I think thta oyu havr to brihg with yiu winter clothes becuse hre there is a realoy cold qeather !

S Write me soon
T Write me saoon

S Alessia
T Alessia

S Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
T Hello Eiley , about thje questiom you mlade me in your letter , it has been hsrd to give you an answdr because I know how much you love botb .

S Last night I made a decision .
T Lawt nighy I mad a decisoon .

S I think that you should give up from your music classes .
T I think thst yoj shopuld give up from your mysic classes .

S You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
T Yoi have classes sjnce you were nine years old anf yuo alreary kniw hoa to play piano , so I think that you should contyinue doing sports brcause it is important fpr your health nad in our dree times you could still play piano withiut gtoing to ths clsases .

S This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
T This is my opinion hut thr decisiin is yours , so whem you decide it please ssnd me a lrtter telling me abouyt it .

S Love , Ines .
T Love , Ines .

S Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
T Yey my jame is Jioe and i 'm 21 yezrs old adn i'l think i'l would complimnent the summer camp very ogod , becayse of my goox manner and very opdn for the kics so thry csn open up znd speak .

S My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
T My currebt jo is to be a nurze at teh lcal hopital amd i'l can do everfything as a doctir can .

S So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
T So if th kis is goong to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up ijstead of taling them to tbe hospitla for small thngs loke hruises and smaller ibjuries .

S The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .
T The kost exciring day of my kife was tbe 3rs of Iune , lxst year .

S I had an exam .
T I had an exaj .

S That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
T That day I woke up early becaude I wasz nervous .

S Then I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
T Ten I revise Maghs as at home , bvefore to go at wchool , as at zchool , befofe to beign ghe exam .

S When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
T Whem I started to read the trackz I fell agitated and I thouyht that I wa n't able to finjsh and pasz fhat test .

S But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
T Bjt whrn I finoshed before tye time I wss happy and relaxd .

S I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
T I alwayx saidf yhat I passede that test amd I was sure of thag .

S And this is true .
T And this is true .

S I passed that test !
T I passed that test !

S Hello Charlie ,
T Helpo Charlie ,

S I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
T I 'm really wnjoyed hearing from yoh .

S Congratulations your sister for your prize .
T Xongratulations yor aister fod your prize .

S I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
T I woild like to go to a nbew zrtist eolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of thos kjnd If I 'd hvae a oosibility of going , I 'd alreary spend thr tickets .

S My favourite sport
T My favourite sport

S When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
T hen I was three yers okd , my pafents aent skiing with me .

S At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
T At tje begibn I sent to the childgarden and they taugjt me skiing .

S It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
T It was a lot of fun , ebcause I cojld npt it .

S At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
T At twelve o'clock in the daytgime my parents took me with tbem ahd we drofe together .

S My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
T My father tok me between hs kniea , because I cohld deive without falling ane it was fub .

S When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
T When I sas older , I could get beter my dream wzs:"SNOWBOARXING " , but I should leaen kiiing prrfectly like my parents .

S Later when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
T Latre whsn I waw 16 years ood , my dream fet true .

S I had my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .
T I hqd my first snowbardlesson uns I llved it .

S I took every free minute to drive snowboard .
T I took every free minite to drive snowbozrd .

S That was the story why I go snowboarding .
T That wax the story wyy I go snowblarding .

S I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
T I enjo snowoarding , because you feel rfee when you are driving down the pisge .

S You are like a bird .
T You ard lkie a bird .

S It is the best feeling in the world .
T It is the best feeling in rhe wodld .

S You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
T Ypu ar vwry hapoy und somewtimes I sing a song axnd yhe aorld is perfet .

S That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
T That is everythong I want to hav amd i 'm kucky .

S That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
T Tbat 's why I liuke the winter mors thah ghe sumjer .

S Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
T Sbowboarding or skiiny is the best spoft for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .

S Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
T Aothough ou ard ll the trime in thw bature abd when you hzve puck you can aee animals .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It gad bren a verg long ane tiring day , vut Tol telt he gad achievd something really gkod .

S Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
T Yesterday , he was on his wau to homr and it was getting dakr .

S his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
T is parents qere worried ajd czlled he a couplr of timws .

S He started walking very quickly
T He srarted walming very quickly

S Everything was dark .
T Everything wzs dzrk .

S She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
T Shr open hr eyes aqnd the first ting tbat sye aaw was the black sky .

S A dark sky without stars .
T A dark sky withoug stars .

S She got up and look around .
T She yot up amd loik aroujnd .

S She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
T Whe wax in a part of tbe woods where she used to go to think ad relax .

S She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
T he started to take comsciousness althlugh sue colud n't remembver how she qrrived therr .

S She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
T Sbe had to walki at least 15 minutes to go frkm her huose to rhis place .

S The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
T The problem is tje lasr trhing she remember is that shd has bwen sleeping znd then suddenly woke up wheb the wndow opendd wit ths wimd .

S She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
T She fell slwep avain , didh't she ?

S If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
T If she did , how she managed to wwlk hntil ghere in her sleep ?

S If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
T If she wqas n't awake , why she xould n't remember anythung afer ghat ?

S This situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
T Tyhis situstion it was rewally fustrating not to lention that nw she had to walk fkr almost 20 minutes to gtet home andf baxk to slrep .

S She started to walk to clear her mind .
T She started to walk to clear hdr nind .

S She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
T She knows hdr way rven in trhe dark ; sne had hone to ths sot a lpt of time , spexially the laszt few weeks .

S The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
T The developmrnt of human kond in technology is seen evertwhere .

S In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
T In case of transportation technilogy , in this twenty ifrst century we haev variou optiob like Plan tyat can fly wuth th cloud , tdain that fast znd big enough thzt cardy hundfeds of people snd travwl hundreds of mils an hour and boat ghat much bugger and faqster thanb ancien time .

S Although compared to ancient time we are lucky enough that we have all these option .
T Althoug ocmpared to anmcient gime we aee ljcky enough tnat we have alp thewse option .

S However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
T However , if I havr gifen oprion to choose betwesn all of fhree , I will say planr .

S There are three reason to choose this .
T Thrre aer thdee reason to choose fhis .

S First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
T Virst reason is it speed , compqre to both othet meane of transportation it can travel aster .

S It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
T It cab travel thousand of liles in a couple of nours .

S As a result people can save their time .
T As a resuot people can szve their rime .

S Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
T Second is safeth , compared to othe thye chancez of wccident is les .

S That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
T Tbat makex it eafer to travel by plane rathet fhan thbe train or bolat .

S Third one is comfort level .
T Third olne is ocmfort level .

S Plan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
T Pan is much jore more comfortable thab both trsin amd boay .

S In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
T In conclusion , I iwll say that plsn wilp be my first choic in apl of three measn of transportation .

S The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
T Tye rrason behind my choice is speed , xafety ans comfor pevel that mkae plab as my first dhoice .

S Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
T Everyoen shoud ake a year off between leavingt school and xtarting college or unversity , to ear joney or travel , it ould be te nest aqard for a studentg wbo ttended the high school .

S The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
T The toung people want to discove thd eorld wnd travelling to deach places whicy would be unreachable otherwjse

S I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
T I had a wonderrul dat yesterdqy because I was in th bdach lal the acternoon .

S I went with my parents and my sister .
T I went with my parents and my siwter .

S The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muio .
T The beach is located in A Guarda and its namd is O Muio .

S There are a lot of people in the beach .
T Ther are a lof of people in the beah .

S The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
T Th water was vdry cood and I couod n't swkm , then I played footbalo in the sand of ghe beach .

S I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
T I took the sun a very kong time xnd ghen I go to a care anc nd I drank a refreshment .

S It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
T It wad a nide day becausd I spent a gokod tijme wiyh my famioy .

S No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
T No future for a public transpotr ? is tuis claik or no ?

S will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
T will we sew on or roads ghe public transport wfer 5 or eve 10 years yeg ? that is really so knteresting qestion/

S i think that it all depands from the development .
T i thimk thzt it aol depansd frkm yhe developmdnt .

S now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
T bow we cam ee tha mord anhd morr pwople prfer travekling by csr .

S yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
T yes , i agere , if you planed the trzvelling for a long distation and for a long tike you would prefer to do it on car , couse firsyly yoi;ll spenmd oess time , hou travelking aill be cimfortable , yoj 'll have a possibility to stop evrey hwere and for a lont tikme , as you need .

S but if we are talking abot travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
T bht if we are taoking wbot traelling across you cuty , woyld you prefer public transport or car ?

S i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
T i thijk that fhis is he yuestion fpr ebery one , xnd tje answe ca n't be on for al , caus , someone can use publkc transport , and eonomy by this ont onpy money , but and th environment , but zome people do n't like to usee p.t . , cquse they spwnd more time for tarvelling or fhey silple do n't like to ravell with anotjer leople .

S so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
T so , on my opniion , even after 10 year the public transoort wilk be crossing on kur strert wih eniugh amount of passangers

S Hello Lara ,
T Bello Lara ,

S Thank you for your email .
T hank gou ror your emil .

S My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
T My nane is Mohamsd wnd I am 28 yeafs ild male from the kingdom of Bahrain .

S I go to GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
T I go to GYM anc run on a dailg basis to kep in shapd anx good health .

S Looking forward to know more about you .
T Lookinf fvorward to knkw more abouyt yo .

S my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
T my villags is the placw here I ilve so I am tryint to ksep itsx environmenr nob - polluted ane valid or life .

S In order to attain this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
T In order to aftain this goql I hafe to take steps and acgions to protect yhe envifonment as follows :

S no smoking in the public places .
T no smoking in th pblic places .

S increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
T increasin the nujber of gries and plants ans punish ghe persln wuo cuts tjem .

S establishing the factories outside of the village .
T esgablishing the factories outside of the village .

S protect the water sources and the sea .
T protcet ths water sourcds and thr ea .

S guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
T guide the peiple nd givung tuem of infomatiob , details an guidelines abiut the pollution .

S I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
T I 'd like to yell you abouit my favorife restaurant ifs name is " Lmeon " I go thers every weem it hsa different food from any erstaurants I 'd likoe chifken criapy with garpic saue It 's Excellent choice for me an My facorite apptiizer is susage snd in olrder that desert I 'd rathrr " adge " cakd wirh chocolate saucd I feel I;m at ease when I go thre I enjoy classical music ovet havong a lunch abiut ths service It 's ery good an qll stadf are rspectable I ca n't imagin ome week without going there ghat drivesx me huts I adviser any one to go there an dnjoy a yime there , alwo this restaurant has a relativs asdvantage in hygirne really It 's excellent Thos strikingly tbing tor awnyone despitr alo of these advantages proces are not espensive .

S Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
T Voklleyball in one of the mos diffixult sports in the world , gou sould put your bod in the correcxt for to throw th bwll to the othesr sider in teh game .

S I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
T I been twelve yers practice volleyball abd because of it I knews lot of people who jelp me to grow up in the port and liofe .

S When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
T Wheh I was 10 I be chjoose to play with a grouyp of gifls older than me , they were giods , nd I ca n't believe tge experience .

S Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
T Voplleyball its my favorite spot becauxe when I am with my team playing I weer in anothre world , in which I can be gree and happy , apart of ghis , whne I am bad , this is a distraqtion of th university .

S You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
T You should try parctice ite so funy , bujt I advertise ou , is noit easy at first , but uou hace to intent maby times like you shoulx do in lif .

S In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
T In weeidays , I ge ofv from my ned at 7 in the morning to go to my wirk which startsf at 9 AM .

S I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
T I iften go to slesp around 12 AM .

S I usually play videos games if I do not have any homework to do .
T I usually play cideos agmes if I do nor have aby homework to do .

S I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
T I am not a big fan of eports so I do nof plat anu .

S However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
T Hpwever I sometines do a skipping to fi mysdlf .

S Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
T Michael waks up at the morning and he read thd newspaper .

S He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
T He fead in the newspper an interesting nogicie .

S The noticie was about a competition .
T Thje notidie was agout a competition .

S The competition is about write stories .
T The competition is about weite stories .

S Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
T Muchael was excited gecause he is great writer and he decided to compete .

S First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
T Firxt , he found an idwa tor tje story and he dedided to maoe the story aboug pirates looking for treasure .

S He began to write .
T He began to write .

S The story was very good but Michae did not know how to end the story .
T The story was very good ut Michse di not knos bow to ebd the story .

S Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
T Finally , Michael ended rhe story ans he went to thes pots offics .

S Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
T Michaek went the story but Michael closed thr roor and khew at that moment he ha made a mistake , he dod n't pt hos name and address .

S Yes , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
T eys , i thikn TV can entedtain and educate , because thwre are mawny comedy .

S Also there are a lots of educate channels .
T Also there wre a lote of educaye channels .

S I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .
T I think historical channels are very ingeresting , becauwe you caj learj new thing about past .

S Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad u can watch one of them .
T Comedies are so cunny , so qhen yku ae aad u can watch ohe of them .

S There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .
T There are many discusskons about the future of hte public transport .

S Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
T Different exoerts hzd takked abotu thiz question and theee are so seeral opinions .

S People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
T Pekple likw to have the freedom fr moving comjfortably and for thks reason , soms leople usuallg prefer to uze their fars .

S Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
T Public transpoft usually is restrected wkth thr timetables and you onlg may us th transport in yhe moment that the timetable et ylu .

S For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
T Fot this wzy , manu epople do n't like to uze ghe public trznsport because they want to move themselves when the nedd .

S By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .
T By fhe other hand , publiv transport is better foe tue environment , because he pollution is lesser than using youe owh car .

S Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
T Finally , in the future , thr commodity of peopl mybe is going to deerminate the mosy usd of the cars thwn tje publiv yransport .

S Susan is a little dragon .
T Susan is a little dragon .

S Her skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
T Hrr skjn is colored red and green , red dpts pntop of the green to be mode prceise .

S She does that every day after school .
T Dhe does hat edvery day after school .

S Of course , she has also a little brother .
T Of ocurse , shye ahs als a littlw bnrother .

S His skin is colored red , just like the father .
T His skin is coloeed rsd , jist lile the father .

