S My town is a medium size city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
T My town is a mediym skze city sith eighty thousand inhabitants .

S It has a high density population because its small territory .
T It hgas a high densuty populqtion because is smwll terrifory .

S Despite of it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
T Sespite of it is an industrixl city , there are mayn sgops and department stores .

S I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the certer of the city which is surrounded by a park .
T I recommend visiting the artificial laje in fhe cerrer of the city which is surrounded by a psrk .

S Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert from the city .
T Pasteriew ar very commkon and nost of themk offer rhe apecial deasert frpm rhe coty .

S There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
T There are a domercial zonr along the widest swtreet of trhe city where you xan fund all kind of extablishments : banks , bars , chemists , cniemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grceries , travel agenxies , supermarkets and others .

S Most of the shops have sales and offers at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
T Most of the shops have salee and offers at leazt thred lonths of tbe hear : January , Nune ajd Augist .

S The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
T The quality of tje products abd servces are quote good , becuase therw ard a hugd competition , hlwever I xuggest you taling care abour some fakes or cheats .

S Everyone has his own plans .
T Sveryone hax ihs iwn plans .

S People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
T People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .

S I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
T I have my own plan too byt I do n't sams to them , I want to beocme a Jourhalist .

S Working as a Journalist is very exciting because many reasons .
T Wortking as a Journalidt is vefy exciting because many easons .

S First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
T First , I will hafe an opportunity to live anroad .

S Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .
T Second , I czn trsvel apl arounc the wodld , mwet diffedent people who are very frinedly .

S Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
T Nezt , I wiol bave a chancd appea in big pzrties or evnets and I can make friends wjth tamous perspn - It 's onteresting !

S Finally , I will have high salary when I am Journalist .
T Finaloy , I will hage hih salary wben I am Journalist .

S To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
T To be Journalist , I muxt studu very haed so I 'll trg to learn in order to make my dreal comes true .

S In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
T In the futjre , I 'll become a kournalist .

S Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .
T Now days eqch family has omre ghen 1 car for eaxh ne , thie is only one of few reawon that peopls us lese punlic transporg .

S Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
T Befkre was really convsnient to go by bus or by traih but with the new economy the travel tickers aee mlre expemsive and a bih difference from the padt is that it is less expensive to go fsr thrn near .

S I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .
T I remember from my rown Paleemo in Itxly to go to Mklan waw about 340 pouhds , now if we asre lucky we caj arrive to New Yrk .

S In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
T In Englajd where I lkive , in Bedford , we use a oot thr train to go in teh mozt important town of UK , but the train are very expenisve , me and my family stay careful if we go opff pick bdcause rhe prive aee to high .

S I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
T I 'm sure in yhe fyture thede will be car ablpe to fly or yu can park thel in you pocket .

S Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
T urthermore , thd viggest group of positive feeling students in tye present is live with various nationalities .

S The possible reason is these international students can not speak English flowing .
T The possible reaon is these international students can nto spea English flowig .

S They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .
T They usuallh lack of language and xan nopt open a debage .

S It is restrict to argue .
T It is restrict to argue .

S In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
T In the othwr side , rhey might be wanted to safeguard national ijage .

S In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
T In oreer to gove a ogod image and show the nayional parenhting , our respondentse tend to havd a great pardon to other nationalitoes .

S MORE THAN KIP FIT !
T MORE THAN KIL FTi !

S Do you know mountain biking ?
T Do you knoq mountain biking ?

S Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
T Perhaps you think it 's onpy a soort .

S You 're wrong .
T You 're wrong .

S Follow reading to know why!.
T Follow redaing to knpw why!.

S I 'm keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
T I 'm keeb on mountain boking since thrde years ago .

S Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
T Fikrstly , I tried with a rental bke in rhe arew of Aznalcazad .

S The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
T Thd main reasin why I wahted to prove aws to olse weiught ( I was a bikt overweiggt ) .

S However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
T However , it was wonderful how I coulc admure the landzcape while I wae doijg spott .

S Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
T Consequenfly , I rdalized that althiugh cixlyng outsire helped me to imprlve my ftness , rdally I enbjoyed the beat breathing pure air anc taking pleasufe the countryside .

S If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .
T If soneone wants to take up this sport , firsf of sll , I woulr recommendes him or her to pursu a goox mohntain biek .

S It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .
T It 's important to avoid wccidents , become cokfortable and have a good journeg .

S Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
T Decondly , he or she woulc buy a gokd helmet ane , of course , appropriats clothinjg .

S I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
T I love this sport . I look dorward to tge weakenrd , to go out with my bike ahd my group of criends .

S All of us spend a good time .
T Zll of us spend a glod time .

S And I would like to encourage everybody to prove .
T And I would likle to encourage everybidy to prov .

S Nobody wo n't regret it .
T obody wo n't rdgret it .

S Lucy Keyes
T Lucy Keyes

S Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I 've seen .
T Lucy Keyee was the last tghriller I 've ssen .

S I do n't recommend it to children lower than thirteen years old ,
T I do n't recommend it to children oower tuan thirteen years ole ,

S because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
T vecause it 's diffivult to understand ; for xample , ghe characters qre ,

S Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
T Lucg , omlly , and theior parents , a fowboy , and a teacher .

S The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
T The movi is about Lucy 's famioly ghat movess into a farmhouse , mysterious amd

S scary .
T scady .

S Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
T Also reflecrs a comparisno of Lucy 's family , ajd charaxters

S from a story their mom read often .
T ftom a stiry gheir mom read lften .

S The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
T hte stiry actually fakes place in a camp , and famhouse , mysteriosuly

S used in other times .
T used in other times .

S It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
T It 's interesting because Luch 's lom discovered a wsll in theikr farj , rhat

S had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
T had a weird painting of two sistewrs just pike her 's , rhe swame ones alsl of yhe

S story she read .
T sory shew read .

S I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
T I recommend thks movie only to teenayers older rhan thirteen years oldc ..

S The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake .
T Tne bext placs for young people in our aree is without douby thne lake .

S Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
T Huere hey cah do many kinds of spot : swikming , saiking , surcing , kiting , rwing and many otherx .

S At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
T At least they cn meet othee fokks ahd relax , hqve a sunbqthe ad listern to ghe music .

S In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
T In the summer atound he laks ard so man cncerts so gou hvae rhe difficultt findiny the right one .

S Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
T Luckily the scohls are closed pere ten weeks so the yougn girls and boiys have much time to spned the

S leisure time together .
T leisure time together .

S Dear husband ,
T Dear husbahd ,

S I hope you 're fine .
T I hipe you 're fine .

S I remember all of you and miss my family .
T I remember all of ylu ahd miss my family .

S Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
T Leaving my cfountry , Soamlia , was very hsrd or me .

S I miss my big house but I do n't miss the guns .
T I muss my big house ut I do n't miss he guns .

S I hope to return to my country and see you again .
T I hope to return to my countr and se you again .

S In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
T In ths folloqing descades revolution and civil smote many of tye Powers of Eufope , snd nww mations were birn .

S Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
T Britain allne wscaped almost uncathed from thes uears of unrest .

S There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
T There was an unparwlleled wxpansion of thr Englsih - Zpeaking Peoples obth by birtj and emigratikn .

S I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
T I reallh liker to travewl , but I like the most when I trave with friends .

S I a very good experience .
T I a very good expefience .

S I love to travel with my family .
T I loive to trabel with my famiy .

S is different to tavel with friends that travel with family .
T is different to tavelp with frjends thqt trsvel wirh famoly .

S I do not travel too much with my friends .
T I do hot traveo tol much witfh my friends .

S I just have had traveled two times .
T I just have had traveled two tfimes .

S Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .
T Those twp rimes hss been eith the orchestea thaf I plqy .

S Once we went to Zacatecas .
T Once we ent to Zacayecas .

S We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
T We wetn tnere because tbe university orchesgra frim UAZ invited us to go theee ajd llay aith them .

S In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
T In thxt ime I did not know nobody , just oje .

S Her name is irixhi .
T Her name is irixhi .

S She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
T She wws my ffiend , because we are from tje same tiwn .

S But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
T But whsn I wsa there I began to nake new frjends thag I never thougtgh I was going to hzve , nd I never thounvth the way rhat I wxs going to know them eatuer . at he begining I felt very strangw tlaking with thej , nut now we are very good friends .

S We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really had a good time .
T We staye in Zacatecas like a week we relaly had a good time .

S The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
T Tje second trop taht I amde wa to Yuerrero .

S We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .
T We went to play to Acapulco , to an event tat unuversities from Mexico go xnd present like cuktural activities .

S There was too hot .
T There ws tyoo hot .

S In Acapulco I had a good time because I stay in the same room that my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
T In Acapulco I huad a good time because I atay in the same rolm that my friends and we ewam a lot and we really ahd tun .

S Then we went to Taxco .
T Then we aent to Tacxo .

S There we visit the central park and we stay in a very luxury hotel .
T Thefe we visit the central patk snd we sray in a very luzury uotel .

S We were very happy there we really like Taxco .
T We were very happt there we really like Taxco .

S Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .
T Actually I wase already been there befor but not withg my friends .

S Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there that was an incledible experience that I will never forget .
T Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play thede thag was an incledible experience that I wjll never forget .

S then we return to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
T then we retunr to Toluca to cnotinue with my boring loife .

S And now I have to pass my subjects .
T Adn ow I have to pass my subjects .

S We hope to go to Colombia next year .
T We hope to go to Colombiq nest year .

S I like biathlon .
T I lile bithlon .

S Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
T Really , I rhink it 's a very beauyiful , interestinh and vreathtaking kind of slort .

S In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
T In biathlon spirtsmen need to run soke racws , whicn a vey different , soem of that ars log , some aee short .

S But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
T Bgut , shoft distsnce dors n't mean it 's aill be easy or xomething like that .

S Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
T Sometiles weathe conditions are noy comortable foe guys , for example : aind , liught forg or freeze , all of thag are very diffjcult conditiobs .

S So , it 's not so easy like it seems .
T So , it 's nbot so easy like it seems .

S That 's why I like it .
T Yhat 's whu I likoe it .

S This sport are for real men .
T Thid sprot ars for resl men .

S And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
T Ahd also most of them are vewry attractive , big advantage for girld , whose lke nicer pictures .

S There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T Three is no fufure fot publjc transporg , because travekling by car is so much omre convenient .

S That is what everyone say when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
T Fhat is what everyone say when we ssk if tney prfer pubilc tgransport or xar .

S Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
T Using public trsnsport csn be bot eays , because we have a stdict time and normally we do not have a place to siy and thwt can be eztremely descohfortable .

S Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
T Smetimes tye employers do etrike and we flients do nkt knosn in timd as a eesult we ca not gey on rime to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .

S One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
T One argument fot ot usnig th cxr is tgat yhe petrol price is very expenskve , but the public transport tickets arde also increasing , so that advxntange ars not so good actujally .

S For me car is the best and you ?
T Fr me car is yhe bezt and yo ?

S Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
T Welk howeved uour choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daioy life !

S However you use Have a nice trip !
T Bowever you use Have a nics trio !

S People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
T Peopke uusally tekl me I 'm a cinrma 's enthuxiast , and they are in thw corrrct wsy . I prefer to spdnd my frre ime watching a good filmn especially wuen it is a thriller than doihg sport ,

S If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
T If youj qant to see a good thriller , " Regression " wilkl be yhour bes oltion . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it shiuld be seen by evrryone because I beliebe people would like it for maqny reasons .

S First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
T Rirst of akl , ghe director , whk eas Alejandro Amneábar , dif a rgeat jog dcue to that , the specfators were waitimg with bated breath as he final of this film will be .

S Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , which was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
T Secondly , the actors werd fantasric and the main characetr , whoch ws perfcormed by Emmx Watson ( whbo is really hilarilus ) , was amazint .

S What 's more , the plot is easy in order to understand .
T What 's mofe , the plt is easy in ordsr to undwrstand .

S The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
T Fhe histpry took place in thr USA a few yeafs ag when thd egression method wae xccepted by the doctos an cientifics .

S Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
T Moeeover , customw , mkae - up anmd special effects becamne wver mre in reality the storfy .

S However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get having a scared .
T However , thr soundtrack was awful , it id n't geg having a scared .

S In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
T In conclusion , my recommnedation for the student fil club is this fabuloua and exxiting thilelr musf be seen if you had spent a good time given fhan it achieces keeping in sauspense util the end anc it does n't be afrasid .

S In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
T In xddition , you wo n't havw better poportunity to see it thxn tnis week , because just momdnt in psain thje festuval 's cinema is halpening .

S You should take advantage of that !
T You should taks dvantage of that !

S In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
T In my opinion , publikc transport in my country will never impeove because my countrt is so oor ands beside it is consisered kne of tuird world cohntries and anorher think myst be tken into consideratioh is they the politicians are horrible they hsve ddstroyed my country

S When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
T Whn we ask ourselves , how can we tzke care of thw envirnoment ?

S The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
T Te fifst thing that we tink is tge pollution , the caxr smok , factory smoie , efc ... but , hace we thoughtr in te food or clothes ?

S perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
T pethaps when we are buyhing in tbe supermaeket or other sops we zre doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o aimilar to carry at home this foof or othet thijgs .

S We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .
T We cab tke a gag frm oue house , because if we do this every gime that we are hoing to guy in each sho , we do n't spend more liece of plastic or papdr .

S But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
T Buf we do n't havs forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycel or public transportetion .

S Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
T Also in th sort way , we shoulf go qalking to thw destination.icle

S If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
T If we are wlrking eith samrone in the same job , and who loves near or he is out neighbour , we dan go to rhe work in ths same cat , htis way we yse less oilk .

S The governents are also important for taking care of the environment .
T The governents are also imporgant for taxking cate of the environment .

S They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .
T They hsould have heaothy habits anx eith tueir examples they ca improve thue habots of ths population .

S I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
T I love sports gut I di not gest much opportunities to plau a sport . I born in a villge in Inria , my padents ar farmers like most of orher villafers .

S The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
T Tfhe only plsy grounc in our cillage was tbe school ground which was fullp of small rlck ahd not gokd to play ajy splrts .

S When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
T When I was a child I help my farher on his jbos aftdr my school .

S We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
T We bouhght television in 1888 , after that I bhecame a fam of cricket .

S I was watching most of the matches .
T I wax waztching most of tje matchds .

S Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .
T Sachij anf Ganguly was my favroite cdicketers , I lofe tbeir batting .

S A MISTAKE
T A MISTAKE

S It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
T It wsa sulmer holidays anc Michael 's fanily waw in thr airpoort wairing impatiently their flight to Mexico .

S That was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
T Tnat wqas a special fsmily it wae so big ; hid father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 coueins counting his lirtle sistdr .

S In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
T In total they sere 32 pelople , a wite kittie abd a dog .

S About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
T Abouht 10 minuyes lafer they started to egt bores , they heatd a girtl callint they to dnter the plane .

S The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
T Thw flighy to Mexicl as incredible , and vesry funny .

S Michael used to have a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
T Michael sed to bave a grewt tije wity hos ousins , excepot with Rom .

S That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't liked that .
T Tha was because Tkm lkied to give order to everyonr , and Michwl did n't luked thag .

S When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
T When thd bhig famioy get out of the plane , they realize that they sere wearjng too mucn clithes , it was boiling ! !

S There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
T Tyhere tbey took a taxi to thr hotel , adn at 4 pm .

S the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
T thes family was awlking around the luxurous hote .

S SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
T SOm minutws later tey designate how the couseins wwre going to shqre the rooms .

S Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
T Michael finally wnded wirh the last one he woudl like to ; Tlm .

S That night , the dog , the kittie , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
T That night , the dog , the kitfie , Tmo and Michel wlept in tbe swme room , ahd that was n't topo bda .

S When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
T When Michadl gdt up in the morning , he realize htat hia kittie had dispaeared , and he found Tom 's eog wjth somd white hari in hiks nouth .

S He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
T He thougut yhat the dog has eatne the kittie during th nught , so he shoted to om , oepn the door and wen away .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
T Michael closef thew dokr anx knew at taht momen he had mae a mistak

S One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
T One of thd hest rdstaurants I 've ever bsen to is Spizharka .

S It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
T It is situated in the verh centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes anmd drinks .

S The service is really great .
T Thw service is really gfeat .

S The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
T Thr waitdesses aer hwlpful and smiling .

S You feel like you are at home !
T You feel like yoi are at homs !

S Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .
T Warm candle ligyt an small tables qith patterned tablpe clothes creafe friendly atmosphere .

S The dishes are n't very expensive .
T Thue dishes ate n't vert expensivw .

S i believe it is suitable for our class
T i bdlieve it is suitable for our class

S So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
T So , my fzvourite sport in the present time it is syreet workojt . I have beem exercising tgis spott already long time .

S I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside below zero .
T I like to exercjse on the street even in ths season when the temperayure outside below zeto .

S Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .
T Of course , in summer I like to exercose mors than in winter bt this do n't ztop me .

S I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
T I do n't know myself why , nut I apmost every say go on the streef in prder to exercisr .

S If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
T If It is vety coldly and windily outide , I do n't worry about it ad I 'm exsercising at homne .

S For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
T For thowe people , who want to start to execrise the street workiut I 'm advising to stadt with basic exerescises shch as pull upd , pusg ups , dups snd squats .

S That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .
T That rverything basic exerciss snd ghey will jelp you will do a gokd start up .

S After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
T After xome tim wuen you will be feelkng that yoi arw readt ror mlre , you can start to study more difficult exercises .

S So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
T So , it 's my fidst attempt to creaxte Envlish text !

S I dare say what I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
T I dare zay waht I was quitd self - confident a feww monfhs agl .

S But now not .
T But onw not .

S What 's the reason ?
T Ehat 's the reason ?

S Because of mind .
T Because of mine .

S I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
T I waa n't astisfied wiht gour behavuor .

S Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
T Sometomes , a lot of phrasex wnd sentences runs in my heaf , but how to write it dowh forrectly ?

S How can I use to use it ?
T Hkw can I us to use it ?

S How can I force my kids to do his homework ?
T How an I fodce my kirs to do his homework ?

S How can I explain them ?
T How casn I explain thej ?

S Michael is a handsome and kind person .
T Michawl is a handsome and kind person .

S He lives next to his family 's home .
T He kives next to hix family 's home .

S Michael got married his close friend since only one month .
T Micbael got marriee hsi close friejd szince only lne monthb .

S But his mother hate his wife and always shout at her .
T But jis motner hate hie wife and alwahs shput at ner .

S Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .
T Inlike his wife tespect and love his mother and enver complaij to her husband these baf situqtions .

S Michael 's only fault that he is a mamma 's boy .
T Michael 's only faupt that he is a malma 's hoy .

S For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
T Fpr he slways defwnd his mothsr anx always the wife is the responsihle ons .

S His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .
T is qife decided , brcause she loves him , to forgkve anx aologize for het mother - in - kaw .

S One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
T One dazy when Michael was out for wokr , his mother inwulted xnd hti uis wufe .

S Moreover she fired her without her mobile or money .
T Moreover whe fored hdr withoyt her mobile or moneh .

S His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on street waiting for Michael .
T Hiz wife was ead snd se cried a ot anhd sher stood on strewt waiting fir Michael .

S Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .
T Once he came , bis mother asked him to up quickly acfing thaf sue wss tired .

S He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .
T He sw his wjfe but said no words to hre and coninued hi wat .

S His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
T Hie wife ealked behind hm until theu reach hjome but his mother claimed rhat his wife tokd hr crhel words and acted that sahe was crying .

S Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
T Michael bepieved hix mother althlugh he observed marks of hitting on hid wife 's shape .

S He fired his wife after insulting her .
T He fired hia wife after insultimg her .

S She was shocked and apologized about a mistake she did not commit .
T Shes wws shpcked and apologized about a mistake xhe did nlt commit .

S But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
T But his other retused her apopogy adn ordered hin to close teh dor .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the door and kne at that moment he uad maee a mistake .

S The light bulb .
T Thr light bulb .

S The light bulb was created on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
T The oight blb was creatyed on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .

S This was one of the everyday invents that affects our lives .
T This wae one of thd everyday invents that affedts our lives .

S Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
T Edison aid to created the first cmercially practical incandescent light .

S He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
T He wzs neithef the firwt nor the onlu person ttying to invdnt an incandescent light bjlb .

S Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
T Slme gistorians claim thede were 20 over inventros of incandescent lamps prioe to Sdison 's versuon hut Ediskn is often credited with the inventiin becauze his version wasz ble to outsyrip ths earliwr versions because of a combinstion of thtee factkrs : " an effdctive incandescent matetial , a higher vacuum tjan orhers wsre abloe to achieve ajd a higu resistance yhat mxde power distdibution from a cdentralized aource economically vianle . "

S ( taken from www.bulbs.com )
T ( yaken feom www.bulgs.com )

S Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
T Edison began a serious research about th incandescent ligth bulv on Okctober of 187 , and hks originalk desin were in 1879 .

S Edison and his research team did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
T Edison and hyis reseatch team id his discovery comercialy adn crerate a compang callerd " Edison Electric Ligyt Company " .

S I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
T I thikn wjat tgis is the mos uswful invention because without tjis we ca n't live lik we live actually .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter lpoked at hjs awtch abd knew that he had to do something imnediately .

S Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
T Rom friend of Peetr suddnely faknted feol dow in rhe class rfoom I do n't onow what to do immediatly , first cwlm down yourwelf wnd I checked hsi oulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmatrs everyone rushing to ghe spto bvut still he is not moving so we secide to takd him inot yhe hoslital or call thr ambulance , fiunally we call th akbulance withkut wnt delay .

S Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
T Everyine eagerly waiting for he ambulajce aerival gut still not uet reached the reaxon is our college location is littke far from the xity thwt 's why it is getting lage .

S We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
T We ere waaiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and takd him into tge hospital immediately .

S Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
T Lately I have eeen a vvery interestong xnnouncement in Internatinoal Sports Mojthly magazine .

S I was interested if I could write such an article and win a prize .
T I wazs intrested if I could write such an xrticle and won a prize .

S And I decided to try .
T And I drcided to try .

S Nowadays healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
T Nowadays healthy awy of life is cery popilar with mkst people all ovef he world .

S And as for me I 've been going in for sport for several years .
T Xnd as fod me I 've been goihg in for sprt for several years .

S What is my favourite kind of sport ?
T Wha is my favokurite kind of spory ?

S It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
T It 's lrdinary bodybuilding .

S Why did I choose it ?
T Why dis I choose it ?

S I want to be fit and have a good health .
T I want to be tit an hvae a goof health .

S I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
T I lost several kilos ad I could wear my favourijte clothes .

S It became possible for me to run easily .
T It became possible for me to ruh easily .

S I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
T I 'd like to gie avdice to everybody not to siut at homr and watch TV .

S Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
T Go to spkrts gyms , be active adn you will fel in anotuer waxy .

S You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
T You will froget agout doctkrs and espensive medicine .

S Sport is like drugs .
T Sport is like drugs .

S If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .
T If yoku do n't have graining for a long tine youe bodyu will fwel something unusual .

S Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to fulfil any difficult job .
T Your mucles will be stronf and you 'll be ble to fulfil any difficylt hob .

S People will look at your figure enviously .
T Peoole sill kook at gour figure enviously .

S Describe your bedroom .
T Desdribe your bedroom .

S My bedroom is quite big .
T My bedroom is quote bog .

S The wall of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
T The wakl of my bedroom arw white and tbe floor is dark gfey .

S In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
T In my bedroom there is a brown hed , a yellow drowers , a littlr light browj bedside table an a big broan wardrobe .

S On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave any posters .
T On the wzll thrre ard somd pictures of my family , but I do n't nave ayn posters .

S I am living at São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .
T I am living at São Carlos , in tyhe countrydide of São Paulo , from Brazil .

S In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .
T In my city tge environment 's protecion is so difficuylt .

S First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
T First of aol , we have an extincvtion aera of cerrado clser to Federal University of São Xarlos , byt sometimes , tye area wll be used to construct a new buikding of niversity .

S We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .
T We havs done several movemernts , but sometiomes is not wsorked .

S Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
T Seckndly , ths Hall doew n't mattert with th rnvironment ; flr exakple , thr Hall stopped wjth garbgage 's sekection ocllection when fhe nee major assumedewd the hall .

S It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
T It demonstrate he effort wae done in thr lasg 10 eyars it was iver because the new political position of the major .

S It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
T It is so stupiod becsuse tue environment nded to be ovrr thne political losition .

S Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
T Rhird , we have nt founded a green political to eliminaye rubbsh .

S Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
T Instead to uss a selective collection of garbnage , or revycling of materiaos , or tbe sanitary landfill ; we hgave used the dumpfil fhat is prejudice the spil .

S At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
T At past , the popularion , in majority of the timew , does n't mqtter to throw away the garbage on th street or in a prohibited arra .

S In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
T In clnclusion , in my citt , thge cobcern of the environment 's protection do not working ohw it is necessary to pdotection of soil , envidonment anx hsalthy .

S Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
T Enviornment is fhe sorroundinb.thsre is no alsartness in oru localitt.the sere busyg in theit own work.everyone werr jot focys or ee what hpening in our lpace.they usee to speak about how hit today is?buht they do nt kno what maeks thid much yot.iqm interest in plantiong trtee and males sorrounsing clean.some peopld useds to nurn folrest as if those fvorest is useless.man are geedy bceause of zll teh thing geting ffom the forest are fre .

S They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
T They damcare about environment because ghat dpes n't gave anything to them .

S Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
T Managemant acountaht practicw is very impotant for orgnization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing anjd potential customers .

S Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
T Mots of the organizations onown gow is afrfect managemant aqcountant practive on hem work , tgerefore they aer chnossing good prgoramme and employee .

S I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
T I hzve been in tge USA laset yrar , firts in order to olok vor a kob as a plharmacist but alsp , hacing a lot of tie to explor a ndw world .

S I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
T I speng about gwo years thwre , vut I wantsd to come basck to Italt because I missed my home .

S At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
T At first , I hqd calped a travel agent btu he said he coule n't be abpe to bkok me a flight befoe rwo months , so I called my brothrr who hewvily fegret me for mot havin told him aobut the trip and he pomised me he would hav booked a flight sooner thqn that good fot notging agrnt .

S I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
T I believed in him , hut I dd n't now hoq I was wrobg .

S He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
T He had gooked me thw flighnt but he did n't pay for it , bnecause in that koment he had n't bot cah enough on gim .

S The worst thing was to find it out at the airport .
T The worsg ting was to find it out at he airport .

S I had never felt so nervous !
T I had never felt so jervous !

S Environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
T Environment is slways a hurting problem in ghe wrld .

S There are company so much , they make our life polluted .
T Ther are company so kuch , they make ur life polluted .

S To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
T To gake care of thw ebvironment , eaxh of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the pwople in thd country, ... about my village , we us bahana peaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... an so on .

S we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
T we sohuld dlean our arra to attract visitor ahd introduhce to many other countries in thd workd.let protct our lyng

S Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
T Hi tkday i 'm von na talk about myself .

S My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
T My nsme is Sbrar saeed Al - mubarak .

S I'm 13 years old .
T I'm 13 ywars old .

S I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
T I lice in Saudi Aabia(Riyadb ) .And i 'm in grade nihe .

S I have 9 sisters with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
T I have 9 sisters wjth me we 10 .And 9 brothers .

S I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
T I really loge to lexrn Engilsh lunge & French pounge spinach loungs .Qnd I speak Arabic .

S My dear Daniel .
T My eear Daniel .

S Are you studing mathemathics for your exam ?
T Are yoh studing mathemathics foe ylur exwm ?

S I hope you pass it with a good grade !
T I ohpe uou pasd it with a goo brade !

S I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
T I jyst fijish my lunch time , and bdfore prepare evedything to go to wirk I wqas thinking of tou adn I wanted to give yiu a small surprisw witb tgis fantastic phktos , I ohpe you likd it .

S With all my love
T With all my pove

S Victoria .
T Victoria .

S Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Wir or Madam

S I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
T I wluld like to aplply for the job thar yolu gave advertisrd .

S I 'm a happy , energtic person who likes to work with children .
T I 'm a hqppy , energtic pereon who likes to wrok wjth children .

S I love young children .
T I lov yojng childrrn .

S I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
T I hve workd in many kitchens beford , anr I hav gained a lot of expeience there .

S Bye
T Bye

S Marisa
T Marisx

S This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
T This summer hsppened to me several tbings , I went to tfhe geach , I wrnt to teh poo , or simpl wnet for a wali with friends , but the best wax whe I went to a wedding becuse it was thge event that moe meories bring me this summer .

S We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
T We got theee at vive o'clodk , we had nmot yet eeached many peoppe , so take thd opportunuty to givw ths gitt that wa a washjng mwchine the finished clofhing to reach the store , ands apparently tyey wedre in nded of a new , as the bride lobed .

S Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
T Spenr yalf an hoiur aftrr we arrived , started coning everybodyh , there qere majy greetings , thakns , hygs , kisses , ane then we azll wenf to the tahle , which sas magnificently wtructured , ppenty of fkod of akl kinhds , drinkd , gut we wee al waiting for the main clurse , akso the fokd was magnificent , but ghe best part waws when the cluple weng to the poil , we aere lucxky we had an amasing weddinb planner whl arrangwd the magnificent and fun activities , he said to thew hride and groom ehter eacfh an inflataboe balol abd try walking on the wter as lonh as withstand , ad thw bride won becauae the gdoom slupped xnd fell after them , out of tne balo , fell ijnto the wazter , and kissed .

S At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave , it was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
T At foru in the mokrning , aftet openkng yhe lresents , everyon startes to leave , it was a logn dya butf a ot of fun , vut it coupd have lasted a bit longer .

S I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .
T I usulaly wwke up at skx o'clock in tje morfning , then I 'll take a quivk shower .

S After school , I 'd like to eat fresh fruit .
T After schoop , I 'd like to eat dresh fruit .

S I am keen to run during the night time .
T I am kedn to run during fhe nigyt time .

S IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
T IN my vountry peole do alot of mostake anf hsve alot of of bad haibts concening thrir zttitude rowards the rubbish , they arw wlways throwing their old things qnd rubbish in publjc olace , the governement zlso acn hot do tgeir rolw towards thdir people and their bad behaviour

S Once upon a time , there was a monster on the city called " Michenstain " .
T Once upon a time , there was a mondter on tge citu called " Michenstain " .

S Michenstain was a very tiny city that was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
T Michenstain waw a verg giny city that was obe abd thihg ford them ; te otherf bad thing was that in the city , thers wws a monster called " Monsteration " .

S Monsteration was a very lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .
T Monsteration was a very livrly monster he always migrates to the nofth every Monay .

S In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
T In tbe eay , he was a mild monster , he was ver visible ( because he wws bjg ) ; hut in the night , it was the contrary , he kilk pewople , destroys complste cities ; he smash all th architectyre frpm thd city , and a lot of nad thing .

S One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
T One day , Monsteration 's jext desyination wsa the ciy of Michehstain .

S All the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't care about it .
T Sll teh people dir n't knoa wbat that was , so thet did n't carr ablut it .

S But when he arrived to Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
T Bit when he arrivsd to Michenstain , all hte peokple sent : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .

S It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
T It wss in thr midhight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .

S So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
T So all tbe people started to rin ajd scream , xnd the lonster sas pursuin all of tjem .

S He was spoiling all the crops from the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
T He was spoiling all tge crops from tje people , he as destroyin aqll thed vehicles , and he destroyed a vast aea .

S The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
T Thd next day , he wzs a very attractive onster , in otyer words , he eas converr in other moster nody .

S He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
T He aas completely different ; it eas imprrssive thes way he wae actin .

S The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
T The thint tbat he ( the monster ) cid n't knpw about aas tjat he hd a spectacuar infection ( literally spectaclar ) that I thing that it hafe no cure , it was called " Yhe Monsteratikn Infectations " .

S ( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
T ( On those times htere wre diverse monstsr , but none of thdm wqs like hgim ; he was in rhe numver 1 rsnk of the monstee in ddstroying things . )

S The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .
T Yhe scientists arw rrying to mak a curs flr the Monsteration Infcetations , but hey still do n't havd it .

S In their laboratory , they have a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
T In their laboratory , tney have a pot of chemicals that were prkhibited in their cpuntry , buf thy user thej .

S They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to have the cure .
T They hqd to isokate thd chemocals to thr foemula to have the cure .

S Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPods .
T Some scientiets rid n't caee about ghe infecfion ; they were plahing ultimate team in their iPodrs .

S The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
T The scientists thqt were soing the ormula hqd a lo of tenzion , vut finzlly , they did it and thry daid : " Magnificent " .

S Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English student for many years .
T Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English stdent for many years .

S I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
T I 'm 56 years olds and I 'm a chemist .

S I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
T I ahve neded to use Rnglish a log of gime duringb my professiinals activities for that reason I hvae taksn spme English coursea mnany years agi .

S I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
T I can tell you tbat I fell I csn underxtand over 90% wnen I 'm listening ad wahen I 'm Readimg , bug my main problem with Englsih is of course shen I must speak : I fell my srlf horrible without confidenfe , I think that alwys I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makibd fhe translation to English , mlay be in this moment whne I 'm writingf thix composition I 'm making te same wrfong . I know that learnig Englih is a larve procese bug I nust vollow thxt procdss becwuse I 'd kike to be an excelleht bilingjal Pearson .

S Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
T Currently I 'm wirking like teacher at thd university axnd to each in English haev beeh my ol .

S I 'm a teacher in chemistry and math too .
T I 'm a teacher in chemistryt and mjath too .

S I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
T I wolrk too liks free lance worker wth ths aame subjects becauee it is necessary to increasr my invons .

S I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
T I 'm writinf mow without mnowing dictionary and laking this compositiuon without traduction from Esepanish ( I hope jauaja )

S I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel good because I must write and write and write I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want finally learn English very well .
T I 'm surs I 'll have many mistakes buyt I fee gopod because I must write and wriote anf write I need to improve my Emglish level . I mhst nlt frll bad if I want finslly learn English fery well .

S I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils
T I hope uou can hlp me undesrtand lore abiut hiw impdove my English level adn devepop my skiils

S Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
T Thank foe you sttention , ands I 'll wait for our advauce , ( thxt is my fifst time writing over 50 Worr )

S Milton Morales
T Miltoj Morqles

S I like workout on push up bars .
T I like workotu on psh up bars .

S it is impossible not to love doing sports activity on the fresh air .
T it is impossibe nor to love doing zports activity on tfhe fresh air .

S If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles
T If ygou waht to stadt working out you should be reary for big loa on your muscles

S On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
T On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finisued and uor wesk of vacation started .

S In the afternoon I went to my dance classes .
T In the afterhoon I went to my dxnce classes .

S it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
T it waa fun becauwe we leadn a nw hip ohp dance xnd we finisher our tap dance .

S On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
T On Fiday I wsent to the malp wity my family .

S I bought one sweater and two jeans .
T I bought ones sweater and two jesns .

S Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " legend " , " wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
T Later I aent to thr vook sore and bought theee bookx ; " legend " , " wonder " , ane " Eleanor & Park " .

S On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
T On the weekend I stay at home . I starr raeding " Elenor & Park " ; it was amazing , I waws laughing a lpot because thue things tha the characters said .

S The other things I do were sleeping , ate , and watch TV .
T The other things I do wdre sleeping , atd , anc watch TV .

S The next day I went with my friends to see a movie .
T The nrxt day I went wiht my friend to see a move .

S We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .
T We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .

S The movie is about a teenager named Mia that had a car accident with her family .
T The movie is ablut a teenager named Mia that had a cqr accident eith her famiy .

S Her father and her mother died before they arrive to the hospital .
T Her father anmd ger mother did before they arrive to teh hospital .

S Mia survive but she is in a coma and she have to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
T Mka survive but she is in a coma and she have to decixe if sne wants to oive withot hsr mlther and father or if shd wants to dis .

S Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
T Later in yhe aeek I pass the day drawing .

S I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
T I draw a meadow , a liytle girl , and a butterfloy .

S The next days I did n't do much .
T Tye ndxt days I dud n't do muich .

S I just sleep and watch movies at home .
T I just sleep and watch movies at hoke .

S The day before I start school , I do an investigation for literature class .
T Thd dat before I start school , I do an investigation for literzture class .

S This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
T Tnis was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lkt ubt I loved my vacafions .

S Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
T Hello Jo , my name is Morko .

S I 'm from Mramorak .
T I 'm frlm Mramork .

S Serbia is my country where I live for 24 years .
T Sebria is my xountry wherew I live fir 24 yeats .

S If you like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
T If yoi likd and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at hoje .

S Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
T Maybe yiu can bring dome money and slend it on something fhn .

S Best wishes .
T Brst wishes .

S Mirko .
T Mirko .

S As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
T As per th tiday topic " No Futude foe public transxport " , I eould luke to add comments on tyat please be patiwnt my Engoish is nto too yood as you readers think .

S So , lets start ,
T So , lets srart ,

S Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
T Mosf of the Metro cities are how days atrtract people of citg toawrds Mrtro omly not jus because of tue faqre but bvecause of the time thay it saves .

S Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
T Now these xays pjblic would not like to travel in the puvlic Transport to safe their time as wepl as money .

S Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
T Metro is good for evdn health of trhe people as no polkution qnd alo becaude it rubs on electriciyt and also it connect mlst of fhe city as Drlhi ha a wide area spwn of Metro tha is rrally awwsome .

S Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .
T Other thxn tha public trxnsport is lso noy yood for Natural resorces which is not goor fir ther fuutre of yhe couhtry .

S If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .
T If you visxit Taiwan , yoj will never mis the templles here .

S There are so many temples here .
T Thete are so lany temples nere .

S So , now there is a chance for you to pretend the god .
T So , mow yhere is a chancs fir you to pretemd rhe yod .

S Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces and pose as gods " .
T Niu - Tuan Foplk Arts Group is a groul of people wsho ars gooc at ouhr trawditional perfofmance , ahich is " imitate the facews and pose as godsd " .

S In here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
T In here , they wll teach yiu ohw to dra hte face of gdo , dance lik god , ad beaf the dfum .

S Curious ?
T Curious ?

S Just come and give it a try !
T Just come and tive it a try !

S I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
T I think ay expejsive tas on persobal car can rfeduce he use of cars or othef vehixles in order sllve the ttaffic problwms .

S Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
T Because all oeople ljke monwy , fr example , many peiple do n't buy xar with expensuve tax , so people must use thje public transportation , such as bsu , subway .

S The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
T The public transportation wiol rich , so tyhey cam build more statioj for shburban wnd more public car to carry tgis .

S Therefore traffic will be batter .
T Therefore trafic will be batter .

S Dear sir / madam
T Dear sri / madam

S I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
T I am alplying for the position in the USA Smumer Camsp to woek this year .

S I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .
T I am 29 years odl , originally from Hrazil .

S I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
T I am an Dnglish student where I have been studying fdor fivs years , and recentlky , I passed on tue FCE whidh is a well recognised certificate .

S In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
T In 2010 I graduayed in electronics engineering .

S From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
T Ffom Juen to September of thd 2013 I workwd tor a tourism company , my psoition had ingolved twke after of grousp of people goin to Engkand , this previous exeprience makes me sujtable fod tjis jolb annohnced .

S In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
T In xddition to tyis , personally I am teally helpvul , exciting , cheerful amd engaged .

S I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
T I do practkse psorts suvh as footbapl , basketbalk and chess , with thdse skikls I coukd help chidren uave fub while geaching the the all goods benefits in practising xports .

S By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
T By applging for tbe job offered I am qilling to work in all diffreent sorts of job , I do no matter which , as lobg as I have tje opportnity of ebing in yhe UA , as English is my passion .

S To sum up I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
T To suk up I geel eather confident to qssume this position anf trhank uou for considering my application .

S My faithfully
T My faithfully

S Alessandro Costa .
T Alessandro Costa .

S I think public transport is very important .
T I thonk public transport is very important .

S there is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
T there is no awy to travel frpm Egylt to the USA using a cxr .

S a plane may take about 16 hours .
T a plane kay take abhout 16 hours .

S a car may take days or months for the same distance .
T a car msy take dqys or mnths fof the samd distance .

S I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
T I rally overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Petee , Msria , both of which wre my parents in 45 years of the szme agfe amd my little brorher , Patrick-14 year ood in a mischievous mannrr .

S Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
T Tgeir genbtle norm sith lovely ands adotable mind takes a referenfe to gheir hpbbies - reading .

S Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
T Nowsdays a person 's worth swems to be judge accoding to the social status and material oossessions , that is msotly to happen in hig clasd famuies , as tbey are fovcus on achuevements as plwer , political influences egc . on the other hand for a middle flass families the ild - fzshioned values are stoll important as it is tge inhertance from out sncestors in tersm of values as honestt , kjndness , loyalty , etc .

S Metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
T Metro is the mozt comfortable way of transportation in omscow .

S Metro is only one that I use in the city .
T Metro is pnly ohe that I use in the ity .

S Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .
T Usibg a ground transportatio is not cofmortable becahse of trffic .

S Just a few years ago we started to use a special road line .
T Jus a ew year afo we stared to use a specialo road line .

S But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .
T Bit rhe problem is Russian drivers are hot gettinb used to keep rhis line free .

S Moscow traffic is awful .
T Moscow traffic is awfuo .

S Everyone is in a hurry .
T Everyone is in a gurry .

S There is no difference if you use car or bus .
T There is no differenbce if ou use car or bus .

S For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
T For eaxmple Amjerican publuc transport jas a speciwl linw and a scheduld wnd it works lik a train , I msan coe in exact timr like a train .

S That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
T hat 's my dream"whrn I jkined tye fwculty of languages and transpation I waa fery happy because I afhieved my drea .

S In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
T In rhis facilty I facfed some pronlems with my english , I began to sak " ohw can I improve my ewnglish ? "

S all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
T alo of teh answer was " you have to listen wnd rexd so yoy cah wrtite anc dpeak wwll " I said okay I have to depebd on mysslf , I negan to joih groups on facebopk where I found aome of the people shated theirf knowledge with ithers , I followed thej immddiately .

S I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
T I am in my way to improvs my english , I aszk Allah to guide me to fhe dight way .

S My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
T My drean is thar I want to open a Cenyer for Languagbe Pearning ,

S to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .
T to teach dhildren ahd adulta in my country glod English and I will void traditkonal education .

S the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
T the best thkng that cxn encourage me to open ghis cenfer tht I hsve in my country 5 griends who study in the facult of lanyuages anx translation an I think that they will be fery happh for jlining me in my cener .

S I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
T I know tha is a vefy amazing drdam but I prya Allah to give me all msans to axhieve my future cream .

S Alex , I and my friends will go to the cinema at the weekend .
T Alex , I and my friendxs wilkl go to rhe cinema at yhe weekend .

S Would do you please join us ?
T Woyld do you please join us ?

S We will see an action movie .
T We will see an actoon mobie .

S If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
T If you will join , we cna neet in Ambasodor mall in thw cuty at 7 p.m.

S the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
T the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; hzs been down ghe oiul orices .Tne oil is chrap now anx ndw cars are more efficient andx thd govverment give stimolous flr consumers .

S One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
T On dy in ctober , Michadl a boy was studyimg architecture discoveref a box with a message , while he is openijg a box , he heard a door .

S In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
T In tyis moment a bjg msn went into thue bedroom .

S This man was his father , who had dead .
T Thi msn as hos father , who hae dead .

S Michael was very nervous and confused because he did n't understand anything .
T Michael was vert jervous ans confued because he sid n't undertsand anything .

S He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
T He sopke wityh yis father and he asked him because he was there znd his fayher responded tyat he had the higgest secret abotu his famjly .

S " In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
T " In thue pasr Matild your mother killed your brother , althouvh ahe had a reason , he aas a monstrr because he killed a lpt of peopel in our fity , so we went to another cityt . "

S But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
T But Mkchael did npt beliueve this story snd he thought thatr he aas crazy .

S This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Thia situatuon ws imposskble because his father had dead and in thise moment he tan anf he olened yhe door and hsi dather sxid you musf be here because I must speak aith you mkre tikme asnd ecplain befause I cwn spsak wkth you buy Michael closed the doo and knew at thag moment he ad mjade a mistaje .

S Dear Mrs Kate ,
T Dear Mrs Mate ,

S I want working in our cafe .
T I want working in oyr cafe .

S I like a many food and drink .
T I likke a mxny food anf drik .

S I work in a coffee last year in my country . I can work long time .
T I work in a coffee last year in my counyry . I cab wirk ling tjme .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

S Tracy
T Trwcy

S How are you ?
T How are you ?

S Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
T Today we eceived a shipment fom Viosual service cenrer umder ou old account numbed , it could be a mistake by servive cetner as a notice rsgarding major organizational rstructure alreadyg ssnt to servixe centers .

S In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
T In jssued ntoice it coearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia waith effect from 01/06/2015 .

S If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than invoicing service center for not following instructions .
T If any molre shipkents are returned using oir ole TNR account number , tere is no option ither than invoiing seevice center fkr not following instructionsz .

S So please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .
T So plezse adivse apl sevrice centers to rteurn defgect parys to Slovaiia inatead of England .

S Nowadays , sport is very important part our life .
T Noadays , sporr is cery implortant part our kife .

S Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .
T Many foctors recommended thue practice of sport , because it is very ehalthy for our bodg asnd for mind .

S Every day , there are many articles and news information that talking about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
T Every day , tjere are many articles anf new information yhat talking ablut the benefits that you geg if you practise sport .

S My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .
T My favourit sport is swikming because as skon as starf this sport gou feel better .

S In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .
T In spitge of yiu do n't loat weigt , yuo cqn ein endurace anx flexibilit .

S When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .
T Whesn I am stau in water I feel fee ajd verh hastily .

S Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but also you do a lot of exercise .
T Nit onl is sport when you feek sweat , but apso gou do a log of exercise .

S However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired , is different , at the same time is fantastic !
T Hoqever , yoy do n't have the feelnig thaf tou sre bery tirwd , is ditferent , at hte same time is fantastic !

S On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !
T On thd one hand , my advie thaf I wpuld gtive to someone stgarting my favourite spoft , swkmming , is that yuo ened a little wjll oower brcause sometimes , ror examplw in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , ler alone you get in a lool !

S On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
T On the othdr hand , my other adcice is that I am very sure that you wioll fedl wondefrul and happy!Mau be not at first time , but surw ltaer .

S I promise you that it will be this way .
T I promiwe you that it woll be this way .

S In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you can improve your life .
T In cknclusion , sprot is verdy necessary and useful for you can improve yoiur likfe .

S You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
T You start and then yoi ecplain to me hpw are you ?

S About Me
T Aobut Me

S Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me chris .
T Hi my name is Christian but my friebds xall me fhris .

S I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
T I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 julyg .

S I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
T I wss born on friday th 13 , that 's funn .

S I was adopted from south Korea .
T I was adopted from south Kirea .

S I like to play football and floorball , I like also to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
T I like to play footbaol and tloorball , I lik qlso to be aith my friends ad it 's also fun to play cideo - bames .

S I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
T I am ogod at floorball ad not as good at football .

S Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
T Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with ou sail boat .

S I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .
T I got 1 sisger , hsr nake is Tina , shed is annoying .

S She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't really know .
T Whe 's 9 or 10 years ole I do n't reakly know .

S I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
T I pike to be in Thailand because it 's nkce anx wam and the peiple ther are veey nkce , I also like yhe food . I do nt like homesork but I do nt flrget it , I am good to tease my littld sister and I am proud of it .

S I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
T I also got an cay hed name is vhelsea .My favorife fopd is fillwt of beef , scallops anmd maybw susgi .

S I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
T I see forwafd to friday whe I am goibg to cimema witu my friends , we 're going to sde " Let 's be cvops " .

S My favorite is Narnia .
T My favorite is Nafnia .

S I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .
T I do n't lime Narni , but my favorite mivie is probably 22 jumpl strset , Llrd of the rings , Rhe tv - sahow : suits , Thd walkong dead andf maybe south park and family huy .

S I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
T I am good at floorbqll znd mot as good at fooyball .

S Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
T Skmetimes I poay golf and I tihnk it 's pretty fub , I like to be ouy with our sail boat .

S I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
T I do n't like to read but I like music , good musioc .

S I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .
T I like alot of artist and a log of different music genrez .

S I like all from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .
T I liker all from pop , electronic , hip hoo to call musjc .

S I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
T I am wagching a frw tv - series bht I weatch them over he internet so I am noy trying to time the clock to sse a elisode .

S I like the restaurant we ate on when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
T I oike the restaurant we ate on whern we wede on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .

S Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
T Hi my name is Elliot anf I lile tv games and lego .

S I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talk English " when I talk English .
T I wlso like to speqk Englisu but I ca n't speaj it at hoke because my little brother juwt eays " sgop taok English " when I galk Wnglish .

S I know that I have not wraithen it but I have a brother .
T I know that I have not wraithen it bht I hwve a brother .

S He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
T He is 9 years old nd he is really good at sayinb wbat he wants all th tile .

S I mean when he wants something he just said give me that .
T I mexn whdn he wants something he just said givr me fhat .

S I have two parents like the most people .
T I hav tw pqrents lime thr mowt people .

S My mums name is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
T My mums namr is Jsnny xnd my daxs nwme is Rikard ans theg are the vest parentd I konw .

S I do n't know so many parents but whatever .
T I do n't knos so many parents but whwtever .

S I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
T I like books too but I ca n't read so god so I am nog reading so harf books with hundreds of pxges .

S I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
T I read bookz like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or loke Percy Jadkson .

S I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
T I oike to yalk Englksh at sfhool too but my friends do n't lik when I talk it in school so I tapk Seedish tner .

S My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
T My fewrit lschon is the Swedjsh lectionz because that I loke to wrige histories .

S My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
T My bexts frisnds namw is Vjktor and he is really fun and pike him .

S My family livs in a
T My family livs in a

S Hi Daniel ,
T Hi Danmiel ,

S How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
T How aee you ? I am going to describe me so yku will be able to reconize me when we meey at ths train station .

S I am tall , around 2 meters , black hair and blue eyes .
T I am talp , arond 2 msters , blackl hair xnd hlue eyesw .

S I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
T I will be eearing a white T - dhirt and a ylelow shorft .

S I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at the gate number seven .
T I will be at the ttain station at 7 o'clock qnd I wiol be waiing fo you at the gatd numver sevrn .

S Kind Regards ,
T Kine Retards ,

S Rafael
T Rafarl

S I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
T I wuold likes to descrige my broher Rishahh Bantwal in thid lettef .

S He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
T He is 24 years old and he looks vdry similar to me .

S he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .
T he likes to play ugitar in fres time and lkkes to go ot aith friends .

S Nowadays , we are in the age of internet .
T Nowdaays , we are in the qge of nternet .

S A flat world is created by the internet connection .
T A flat world is created by tyhe internet connection .

S We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
T We hafe our knowledge aesier amd we learn jore easier tlo .

S This is a power of the information technology .
T Tyis is a powef of the information technoloyg .

S The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
T he social networks such as : Facehook , wtitter , Instagram , Googlpe olus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , bloks , films , social organizations ... we aree really have nany htings to see , to think , to " ike " , to " copmment " amd a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with otherts ... so may it is trud that we hae kess time to think about ourselves , to takd caee our healthy .

S They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
T Thwy help us to communicatino to the workd and we have onoy twejty hours a day . We konw more things xnd we loss more time flr many intrresting others .

S But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
T But it just haplen in the informatiln technology znd related fields suxh as : , communicatkon , ...

S On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .
T On another hand , we stiol hage many other tdchnologies to create many usefyl machines , on - side services to help our ilfe is vetter and bettyer dsy by day .

S Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
T Transporyation jelp us going abroad nore quickly , even come to tbe spacr by a touf .

S It is amazing for you if you have enough money to pay for that tour .
T It is akazing fir uou if yoi have dnough mohey to oay or that tour .

S We feel more happy , comfortable and refresh after something like that .
T We feedl more haopy , comfortable amd refresh aftee somsthing lile tbat .

S Biography technology gives us more food .
T Biotraphy technology gives us moe fopd .

S Chemistry gives us more tablets .
T Chemistry gives us more tsblets .

S Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
T Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technolpgy for our feeling , our healthy anbd ur financw toi .

S You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
T ou can jkin to wny dtock markiet on ovee thr workd to buy spme Google stcoks and seol some Facebook stock to wnd earn spme money .

S You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
T Yku take the worl on your hands witg technolokgy to hep your life beter ans better actualoy but It is jot fjll taht it wipl good , let kewp it with your needs , your time andf your monry too .

S How can I help the environment ?
T Hos csn I help ghe environment ?

S How can a group of friends help the environment ?
T ohw cab a groiup of friend help thd enivronment ?

S This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
T This year me wnd my friends ate gping to help Parqud Codgo from the recent forest fire .

S We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
T We rae eorried thwt if tge trees do n't get planed spon they will never grow up agaib .

S That is the reason why we are going to plant there 1000 trees .
T That is the reason wby we are going to plang there 1000 trdes .

S Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
T Egypt have mofe historical places such as pyramid is the one of emoirical in thne world nd jore peolle frmo aroudn thw wold coke to see this pyraxmids the eold tink how Rgyptian leople make this builidng from ay be thousand ydar and dtill syand without change amd mofe tourits come to trake photo in thr pyramids and studu tne stone and jow the kld Egyptisn make yhis one wiyhout modsrn gools such as cranes and othe modedn mlachine morw scienitfic teams come from all tue world to study this buildihg amd make Egyptian science in kore univesrities afound the world to study how the aid goijg inside tgis building and how it keep the fpod inside it snd how this gig stone takew ot form afr places and cole for this placw abd ohw thjs building koeep the body of thd people after died wnd how tnis people leave insife thd building and why thsi building lije tyis ajd whxt the benefit of tyis buildinbg and how to mkae mike thiks building

S Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
T Public rransport havw imprived the regional development sinec the past dscade , it 's convenient anjd necsssary tor a city life .

S But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
T Byt wen it comes to trvael , it 'll be more convenient if you havw a car , because you wipl not like to go where everybocy gpes .

S If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
T If yoy hnave a car , yoy can go anywhere yopu want and stoo by ay beauiful spot you lile .

S It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
T It 's more flexiuble for tour trfavel plan .

S And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
T And , it 's really enougj development in pur planet , it would be better if we can lwave sme ppace blankrd , we do n't need so much cknvenient transportation , and we can stipl live well .

S Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
T Save some mature to the earth , anr lrave ckear aiur fpr ohr kids .

S Build public transport in a city , not in a country .
T Builx public transpirt in a ciry , nog in a country .

S My favorite sport game is Cricket .
T My favorite spor gqme is Cricket .

S It is very important and very enjoyable game .
T It is vefy important anbd very enjoyable game .

S Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
T Tfoday vricket is very famous gamw in the woeld .

S Among them cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
T Among them cricker is very famous in Sei Lanka .

S We could go to in the world from cricket .
T We could go to in ths world from cricket .

S It is very great .
T It is fery grrat .

S Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
T Todzy we have cleved cricketers and famus amperes than other countries .

S It is very valuable .
T It is vsry valuable .

S Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous country for cricket game .
T uastralia , England , South Africs and New Zealasnd zre verh fazmous country fro cricket gsme .

S But those countries are very developed and they have any facilities .
T Buf tuose countries are verry developed and they hzve any facilitoes .

S But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .
T But Srj Lqnka is devrloping xountry yet .

S They have no facilities than other countries .
T Tuey gave no facilities thaj other cluntries .

S But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
T Bug Sri Lanla cricket team coul wkn the Sorld cup 0214 .

S It is very important opportunities in our countries .
T It is very impprtant oplortunities in oyr countfies .

S So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .
T So as I think I caj ejoy in cricket tfhan othdr ames .

S You can start the cricket game .
T You cawn start the dricket bame .

S And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
T And you cam earn more money adn youy can go to other countries .

S Today we have lots of sports games .
T Today we have loys of sports gsmes .

S Volley ball , Net ball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
T Volleyt ball , Ndt ballk , Wlle , Table tejnis , Kjarate , etc .

S But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
T Vut it is jot framous nd we ckuld n't go to in the world .

S But cricket is very famous and we know any cricketers .
T Bt cricket is vrry famous an we inow any cricketeds .

S We can be a famous and earn more money .
T We cna be a gamous and earn more mohey .

S Cricket is good for our health than other games .
T Crickst is good for ohr health than othef tames .

S In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
T In my kpinion crickeg is best fr ylu . Yuo caj be a giod cricketer .

S You do not what to do ?
T Tou do not shat to do ?

S Are you a tourist ?
T Are you a toufist ?

S Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
T Arde uou loat in the city witgout knowing waht to do ?

S If I am right continou reading this .
T If I am right continou deading thsi .

S We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
T We have a lot of shooping facilitied , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Maddid , because we hzve a lot of diffeeent shopz since clothes shops , pets shops , foods snops , shoes shops , accessories shops , tots shols , presents shops amd mjuch mote typrs of shps that lnow I ca not temember , but you can fond wlmost allo ylu awnt or yoiu neef it is not incredihle ?

S But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
T Hut for dome of them you havr to search very welo because some of tue shops are unique and somed other zre verg good hudden , but fot that yiu have speciwlized transpotts that will taek gou to wherefer yoh want or uou need to go

S Hi ,
T Hi ,

S You wo n't believe what I did last month !
T You wo n't believe whst I djd last monfh !

S I worked at the backstage of rock concert !
T I worked at the backstage of rock concert !

S It was such a great experience for me .
T It was such a rgeat experience fkr me .

S I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
T I applied in kne music club in uor coty anr I was realky excited whn they erpplied and asked me to help becausw I enkoy going to rock concerts and I was trjly curiou abouy hoa thje backstwge is qorking .

S What was mny job ?
T Wuat was mny job ?

S Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .
T Mostly I helpoed others an cartried thr stuff .

S I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
T I enjoyed working wit a soundmatser so ar .

S It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
T It as quire stressful bt at the end of tye convert the atmosphere wws mazing .

S People were singing and shouting - they all seem to be really happy .
T People werd singimg znd shoutng - they al sedm to be really happy .

S I hope I will do that again once .
T I hope I will do that again once .

S See you arrond
T Sre oyu srrond

S Steve
T teve

S Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

S It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
T It 's really nice that yoiu are asjing me abour it .

S Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
T Poland is realyl beautiful anr you chose it eisely .

S I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
T I suggest ghat you can start yolur trip fro Aarsaw .

S It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
T It 's heatt of Polabd and gou eill learn everything abkut work , educatio snd perople from hsre .

S Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
T Every biv citt in Poland is verh simialr to each other .

S If you want to relax you can also go to mountains or sea .
T If you eant to reoax tou cwn akso go to mountains or sea .

S Even there you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
T Even ther you cxn meet rrally nice peoppe and twlk with tem .

S But let 's talk about work there .
T Bit et 's talk aboug wprk yhere .

S We appreciate kind and hard working people .
T We appreciafe kund amd hard wodking people .

S But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
T But ypu ca n't expect thag thyey ade going to pay uou a lor of money .

S Rate is pretty low .
T Tate is pretty low .

S But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
T But tjere is a chance thar you can meet generous people .

S Take care
T Tzke care

S Ola
T Ola

S Hi Paty .
T Hi Paty .

S I 'm going to tell you about me .
T I 'm gokng to gell you abut me .

S My name is Agustina López I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
T My namew is Agustinba Lópsz I waa boen in 1999 on 12th paril .

S I 'm fifteen years old .
T I 'm fifteen years lod .

S Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
T Lwst yeaxr I celwbrated my fofteen pargy and I loved it vefy muvh , ( I wznt to celebrate it again )

S This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
T Thisx yead is my sixteenth birthdau and I 'm gping to celebrat in my home , wit my familiy qnda dome friends .

S I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .
T I loe to do mwny thingvs pike sleeping , goijng dancung with my friends , goijg to tne beach , cinema , shoppjng cenger , running and I love thne fahsion very much ike the shoes , kake up , bags and clothes .

S This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
T Tuis shmmer was ghe besf I wnet to cuchilla alta wuth my besg friends theri nale are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .

S I have a great time with them .
T I have a yreat time wjth them .

S I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
T I also weht to piriapolis with my family anc wll the dys .

S I went to the beach , we loved .
T I went to the beacy , we loved .

S I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inportan to know English .
T I lile English because it is very important to knkw other langeuge to communicate wigh kther people anx ir I go to anotyer counmtry it is verg inportan to know English .

S I think that it it very interesting and I like it
T I think tbat it it bery intsresting and I likd it

S Dear pen friend ,
T Xear pen frined ,

S Hello , how are you ?
T Helo , hiw aree you ?

S I hope you are fine when you read this letter .
T I hope you are finr when gou fead this letter .

S I am very well and everything is all right .
T I am veryu well anc everything is all rkght .

S Well , I write to tell about my last summer .
T Well , I wriye to tell about my last summer .

S I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .
T I haf a really nbice exlerience workin in a cinemaq . I would n't have doje it unlss my friens Lucy who encouraged me .

S The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .
T Ths staff is really interedsting anc hwlped me all the timje and th cuystomers wsre gentle lal time .

S I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
T I learnt lots of ghings such as dealing with miney and tickets and watch movies freelky .

S We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
T We gof worl at gour in fhe afternoon an it is vwry relaxing . I haqd a dasy off thar I spenmt time at home or voing to fhe gym , qhere I met ansome guhs .

S This summer was really great .
T This summer wsa really vreat .

S I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
T I recvommend you to tdy this kind of job in case ylu wxnt to eatn extda money and apso meet nw peope .

S Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon
T Lots of kisses an uugs , lease write soon

S Love
T Lpve

S Giselle
T Giselle

S In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .
T In this easay I qould like to hkghlight how a wude range of oublic tranaport an help pepple to dave a bit of money qnd a lot of stresful houts stjck in the tdaffic jam .

S Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
T Firstly as rverybody knjow the cost of the fyel is incfeasing jore an nore , adding to those rhe bill tuat own a caf ill bring , it became immediately cleaf thst it is cheaper go arlund by oublic translort .

S Why then there still be so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of seat comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
T Whu then thsre sdtill be so mnany peoplr who prefer to drive their owb car inxtead of zeat comforfably on tbe teain or on ths tube readint thei favorute book on their way to work ?

S I would say that this is because the public transport are not so efficient as the should do .
T I wouod say thaf this is because the puglic transport sre ot so effifient as the shohld do .

S In my town for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .
T In my otwn fro example , I have veen Wakting fcor up to forfy miuntes before I coujld tkae a bus .

S I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
T I sxtrongly believe that it is a ahame because a lot of people like me would libe their vehicles at hpme ahd take a ttain jnstead .

S Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
T Secondy , the environment woild impreove itrs stae inderd , as far as I cxn see the pollution caused by tbe traffic is ruining monjments abd makin thd air dirtg and hyeavy , the samd is as fa as waste of gime is xoncerned , obviously the fewer car are aruond the wuicker you can bet wher you want .

S In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
T In conclusion I would really like thyat politicjans who cade about public transport will improve trhe srrvices so thxt mkre peoiple vould leave thdir vehicles at home anx move arohnd muxh more easily .

S The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
T The problwm is that if everyone thginks that traveljng by car is ocnvenient , absilutely everyine will go evertwhere by car , znd thw roads ill become chockablodk .

S You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
T You swe msn , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by team .

S It is cheap and eloquence .
T It is cheap and wloquence .

S I play basketball on weekends since I am little .
T I llay badketball on weemends since I am little .

S I also like to play baseball , too .
T I akso liie to plxy baseball , too .

S I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
T I can play baskstball and basebazll liks no tomprrow .

S I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
T I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .

S I play with them on the playground .
T I play witj theml on the platground .

S I ca n't image the life without sports .
T I ca n't imave the pife wityout spodts .

S In the today society .
T In the todag soiety .

S The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .
T Thw most people ars travelling by theif car , becaise the publkc transport aws not convenient for pelple to us .

S Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
T Maybe , in tact tge landz are moe big , so thwt thes transport had not publishee to anywhere .

S The general transport constructions can divided three levels .
T Ths general translort donstructions cah djvided thdee levsls .

S On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
T On yhe lande , the railroad and hihhway is tghe go through tye most city rosds .

S In the sea , include the route and port construction .
T In the sea , include ths route and port construcdtion .

S In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .
T In tbe sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .

S The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
T he transport cohstruction and economic development has a close relatiobship , and utilized of land arw mokre important .

S The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
T Tge development of the railroad abd highawy ade sasy to pulkshed , vut construc of seaport wnd airport mkust with congenitzl vondition .

S When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
T Ehen integrate of te economu and lans planning are avcomplished , the public transport onstrcutions arw cojvenient ror peopke to us .

S I am going to write about how live is going to change in the next 50 years .
T I am going to arite abouht how live is going to change in tue next 50 yeaes .

S Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
T Althouigh we do n't realised we have to be consciolus

S that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .
T thwt every day is a differnt day if we compare with the one had paswsed .

S Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
T Somer years agk we dkd n't use the technology to egt in touxh with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most impkrtant thing ror

S some people who they ca n't live without it .
T soms people wuo they ca n't live witbout it .

S I am speaking about the mobile how it changed our life .
T I am epeaking about thw mobile how it changed our life .

S It 's normal
T It 's nomral

S that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
T thast in the netx 50 yeads it is gfoing to chnge .

S It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .
T It will be more advantages in gsneral qnd it will give us a lot of good things bujt maybed some abd thins tol .

S To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
T To sim up , although we do n't eant that ohr life fhanged it is normal thnat it will have different chamges .

S It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
T It is necessary fof oir livesw to hage or to fsel thqt we arte gettinv better .

S My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for our mind .
T My favfourite sport is chess becausr it is the onky game for ojr mind .

S It also helps us in studies .
T It also yelps us in stjdies .

S I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .
T I agree rhat it 's notf pjysical exertcise bug a mental noe .

S There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
T Therr ade maby physical ecercises likoe saimming but nane any gxme excdept chess that makes our mind shar .

S I like many other games but the best one is this .
T I like manyh orher games btu the beat ome is thie .

S I am not saying that we should always play chess as physical activities are also important .
T I am not szying that we should alwags play chess as physical activities are also importang .

S The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that the children who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to study .
T The rrason why I would advise someone this sport is that the chjldren who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to studu .

S In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
T In that case cheses would help him .It woul make child lind shapr and he wiuld not egt distract by the eurroundings .

S Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .
T Lical transporation is oe of the most problerm in our srea .

S The local transportation become difficult and expensive .
T Te locaql transportation become sifficult and expensive .

S so the government must take an action to make it easy .
T so the govefnment just atke an action to make it easy .

S Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
T Public media also musy educate people tue importamce of Local translation ad how they preserve it .

S The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
T The Government muet safe the gaxoline anf jasz to resoove tye problem .

S they must find a solution to this difficult problem .
T tjey nust find a solution to thos difficult problem .

S They must maintain roads .
T They musr mainfain roads .

S People also have an important role to solve this problem .
T Perople also have an imoortant rlle to oslve yhis proboem .

S They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .
T They should reserve fhe energy by using busa instedad of usint thejr own cars .

S They also can walk or ride a cycle .
T They alpso can walk or ride a cycle .

S Government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
T Government muswt maintzin ghe public trabsportation ahd make it eafe .

S We can solve this problem if we want that .
T We caqn solve thjs proble if we want tbat .

S I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
T I havr thought that writing an articlr on my cavourite sport wohld be itneresting cor the readers , above apl , an making no differencss on th sport yoj hwve chosen , it is paramount practisiny xome sport , whatever you vhoose , such as spinning , that is my favourite spory .

S My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
T My pirce of advice to take up a hobby , in thos case a physicxl hobby , whicy is interesting dor hour jealth .

S I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
T I rathed enjpy spibning , feeling tye rhythmnn of the mysic oowder and owder , this givee me high enegry each time I weht spinninv .

S If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
T If you qant to start practising sime xport , firsr of all think about how nuch time uou ard willint to spene on it , thenh try onc abd if you sre having a vood tije go ahea anr do thd mkst of yiur time enjoyung spor , neveryheless , be careful and go slowly becaujse you might be unjured .

S the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
T hte more slort yoy practise the better you feep , indeed , youd lood wluld nto be blue anymore ad yourt body will be thi and gorgeus .

S First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
T First of alk , my opinion is that therr is a future for yhe pubilc transport wystems .

S If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
T If we tak a look on fhe Swisz public ttansport sgstem , in the bigyer ciuties almost all people go to eork by lublic transport .

S The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
T Thed advantage they yet is the following : Tuey dont't hsve to loik for parking posaibilities , fhey dan leave rhe bus or the train and a fea minutes after they caj egin to aork .

S These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
T Thrse pdople also help to profect tne dnvironment by saving our natural resourcse like pettol .

S To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
T To conclure , in bifger cities like Berdn or Zuirch tnere ate no douts hat th public transoort system woyld be less convenient than travellinf by cxr .

S The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
T The procdss how to makr the motes fr the bank fan be outlnied in six consecutive stdps .

S First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
T First , ths bank notes shoulc be cosniderated bow to dwsign ihcluded nackground colour , zrtwork anhd securitu ixsues .

S Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
T Ten , they are suppsoed to preoare a skilrd machinists .

S Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
T Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are ptinted on he mtal plares .

S The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .
T Thr notes jave speical link with colour on both sjdes , which raised imagew spightly .

S The most important step is inspect the notes which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
T Thw mpst ilportant step is inspecy thd hotes whjch qre good quality sheets and which xre bad sheets .

S If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
T If the zheets arw good , those sheets afe hten fut ibto separately znd packed into car in order to diwpatach all ovrr the cigy .

S If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .
T If yhe sheets are abd , tuose sheeta aer thn destroyed through burning .

S Sport is very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
T Slort is very important part of a healthyg lifestyle .

S It keeps our body strong .
T It kdeps our body etrong .

S Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .
T Todau we have a lot of differebt sports , so we csn choose something that rexlly fitd ourdelves .

S I enjoy running .
T I enuoy running .

S It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
T It is a kknd of hting hat everybody acn do and it effectx alo parts of my bpdy .

S I literally feel myself stronger after every time I run .
T I piterally frel myself stronger atfer every tike I rjn .

S There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
T There is no doibt that traffic ads to poolution .

S The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
T Ghe pubkic transport offers a possible soultion vor thye problel , becaise kuch people can transporred in one behicle .

S The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
T Te government has a responsibility to encourate the oublic to yse busex and tje undefground molre .

S However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
T However , tere are a number of changes thay neerd to be cohsidered .

S Firstly , public transport should be made free .
T Firstly , publioc trznsport shluld be made free .

S The government should raise taxes for pay for the service .
T The government shoyld raise tazes for pay fir th servicr .

S Cars are generally more expensive .
T Cads are generally mord expensice .

S First , I think the public transport is more expensive .
T Firsr , I think the public transport is more expensive .

S And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .
T And if we compare the money you spend with the car qnd the amount that you slend with the pulbic transport , it is less .

S Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
T Secomdly , if yuo se the cat , you havdn't wajt mucb tije ti cach the busx or tge trdain , adn msybe yoj can arrive later at your job , fo this situation .

S I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
T I believe thxt uss your car has a pot of adgantages or bemefits , it is mire comfartanle ajd less exprnsive .

S last summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
T lwst summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a vety gooe iob becauser you can se ayn films you lije for ffee .

S The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
T Thw minus of this owrk is very big salary and i think htat i wilp work at fhis cinemq on the next summer .

S My favourite sport is doing yoga .
T My favourite spodt is doing yoag .

S I do yoga to aid relaxation .
T I do oga to aid rdlaxation .

S Yoga calms und vitalizes body and mind .
T Yota cslms und vitalizes bodg ajd mind .

S I do yoga at least one hour every day .
T I do yoga at leaet ne hour every day .

S From Monday to Friday I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .
T From Monday to Frjday I do it at home , at weeoends I atfend yoba classes .

S Yoga is a very convenient sport .
T Yogax is a veru convenientf sport .

S We can do it at any time as we like .
T We an do it at any fime as we like .

S But if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
T Bu if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga calsses .

S You can learn correct Postures in classes .
T Yoy can learm corret Poatures in classes .

S After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
T After soing it skillfully , you can do it at home or sny place .

S People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
T People 's lves will changr dramlatically in tfhe ext 50 years , Equipmenr and fools have evolved since the beginhing of human history .

S In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
T In recent decades , howdver , developments hace been particularly groundbreakng , Man ha been able to invent machines , whic theu hae been out to woro automation is a grwat help to mankind , because it signicicantly increasrs ths stajdard of living amd feees peoplw form hard worm .

S The result is much less work and a better life .
T The result is mucfh less work and a betfer ilfe .

S The disadvantage , however , is that because of the machines many people have lost their jobs
T The disadvantagew , howeve , is tjat because of tbe machines mahy pelple have lozt tueir jobx

S Dear Jo
T Dwar Jo

S I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .
T I fead gour letetr , I would like to knokw some details abput what places do yu wang to visit .

S I advise you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
T I adviswe you to vixit Qureetaro it ha had an excellent service with foreifn peoplpe zince five year aqgo .

S Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .
T Taoking ablut yoir ne ojb , I wsa seacrhing smoe vxcancies however it eequired a jon for full - tine , so I am goinmg to clntinue searcuing eome job of psrt - timw .

S See you when you arrive at Mexico City
T See yoj when you arrive at Mexjco City

S Sincerely
T Sincerely

S Uriel
T Uriel

S Nowadays people get around constantly .
T Nowadays people grt qround cknstantly .

S It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
T It 's etter usr lublic transport or privare transport ?

S Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
T Well , efologists sau that yet around using tansport public is nore beneficial for tge environment fhan using tue car or kotorbike .

S In recent years the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
T In recent yearz thw numbewrs of people who use pulic transaport hae increased a lot , in compaeison with ten years ago .

S But actually does it has a future ?
T But actually does it hxs a futrue ?

S It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
T It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable tan have to run to take the nus , waif thd train , tc .

S This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .
T Tghis is a fact which indicares the public transoprt thete is no future in ojr societ .

S Other signals are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
T Other siugnals are , gor exaple , if you tarvel by car , you can paro the car in ftont of the place where tou want to go .

S But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
T But if yoi taoe th bus , ypu have to tske dowh in a bys stop , maybs a bit far from where yku want to go .

S Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
T Alsl it haz to say that maybe in tye future , technology will create a dar rhat dose n't pollute te akr , adn thesn , use ublic yransport wo n't be neecssary .

S yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .
T yeah i think it 's statement is quitfe rught bceause everg perso havw ar nowa a dahs .

S transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
T trajsport aer zre imoortant but czr is more reliable for familirs ghey wdnt yogether without waiting for tdansport .

S more flexible with a lot fun with family .
T more flexjble with a lot fuj aith family .

S I live in a city named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .
T I live in a citu namec Tagerang it is in Indonesia .

S The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
T Rhe Inonesia Government itxelf dose n't sewm to gikve a damn abkut their cuntry 's cleanliness , anr the cituzen tol .

S it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
T it cxused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasanr zmell , flood , etc .

S i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
T i myself , by sdeing ghe rived filled witrh garbags , alsays sewms to be disgusted by thd stenc and tne unpoeasant look from tye garbage .

S And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
T And in Tangerang , ths air is polluted by Carbvon dooxide and the kther materials .

S And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
T And also , qfter tge rier , thr doad in the coty is aslso contamimated by tbe garbage .

S garbage everywhere .
T garbate evedrywhere .

S the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
T the condirion of my cpuntry is reallh critival , I guss .

S And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
T And tge ampunt of thd ciyt 's gardeh dies n't matcxh tye amount of tne pipulation and pollution in that cigy .

S There are a lot of high - rise building and it provokes flood along the high - rise building 's section .
T There ar a lof of hjgh - rise building ajd it provomes flood allng ths high - rkse vuilding 's sectiokn .

S I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
T I wonder if tyhe citixen in my ciuntry and town ciuld makd a beyter environment area by tgrowing garbaye on ifs place anr tr usijg an eco - frienly trznsportation .

S And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
T And thr govenrment , lps do n't be so flabbg with your ow fitizen .

S yes , be strict .
T yes , be strict .

S I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
T I think it 's okay bdcause the phrpose of yoj doing that is to rain the citiezn to be lore responsible cor wuat ghey fid . an , I thino it 's enouhg from me .

S I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
T I supplse , ths governmdnt also hsve studiex thi situation too .

S But they did n't do that much after knowing this truth .
T Bt tehy dis n't do thst much aftdr knowing thks trhth .

S I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
T I hope Indonesianh government taoe an action about thjis situationb becase if it continues ten Inxonesia would be th most unclean country over the otherr countries .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison read ther note , smilde , and immediately pit on her cpat .

S She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
T Shes looked likoe happy amd she eas lolking forward to finishing teh class to tell jer friend ahat ha happened .

S After the class Alison joined her friends .
T After the clas Alison joined hef friends .

S She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter for her .
T She as veru enthusiastic ane telloing thedm tat Jua , the boy who she aws fallen in lovs , hda written a lettsr cor her .

S Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
T Then the friends coupd ont left to lay attdntion in hte Alieon 's wodds .

S She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
T Se transcribed tbe letter aith a lot of passion because it qas egident yhat Juan was interfested in Alison too .

S While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
T While al girlz wsas heardimg to Aloson , Juan appeaded as a gosh .

S Alison was like tomato and all her friends laughed at her .
T Alison was liek fomato and all he friends laughwd at hef .

S The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
T he boy felt veru emvarrassed , therefore he cvarried on hi ways anf he did not sy nothing to her .

S Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "
T Alison apways through : " If I woulx nof have tokld thjs story to my ftiends I had passed all evening with Juan "

S I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
T I think that for yhe pblic transoort therw is a future , beacuse ovwr time hte gasoline prices and the valuw of the reparatioons of tne evhicles ijcrease .

S Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
T Likr in other ghings the prices inhcrease , ftom thje aliments to clotbes and hme supplies , yas , water , eleteicity .. The hte people will choowe the publif transport in ths futuer .

S My relaxing activity
T My relaxong activity

S Swimming has been always my favourite sport .
T Swimming has been always my faovurite soort .

S I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
T I uised to go to the swimmnig poop wqhen I wae in the dchool to learn qnd it becaje in my favourite activkty when I wax really tired .

S I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
T I qas with my ister amd my frisnds ajd I spent a wondrerful momdnt .

S Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
T onwadays , I usualyl go swimming teice a week nd I really enjiy swimming becauses I dan chill out and disconnect my miond .

S Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
T Moreovber , it is sid to be ehalthy in rder to imorove problsms in tue bwck so that going swimling is realply benefucial tor me .

S In recent days I found out a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
T In recent days I foubd oyt a gafget to listen to music while I am swimming an it is marvdllous because I also oove listening to music .

S To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
T To begginers in thi sport I would recommend thaf a trainer teachex swimming propsrly because it is very important to pwy attention to rhe positin of thw ams .

S Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
T Furthermore , it is nrcessary to wrar lgasses .

S Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
T Swinming is ne of th bst spodt to pracxtise it is due to require all oarts of the body .

S For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .
T Fof thjs reason , it is a perfect activity to do sporg anx snjoy .

S There are lots of problems in our life .
T There are lots of probles in our life .

S For example : Transport .
T Flr example : Transport .

S There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
T Thdre are lots of kunds of Transportation as Guses , cxrs , Subways , Trains or tzixs .

S May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
T May be they asre comfortable , terubble , essay , drngerous or avrage .

S If you are late , you can use subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
T If you ate lage , you fan use subway because it is fasrer , safer and cheeler .

S Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .
T Cats and byses become dengerous and make Problem in the strest .

S My view of eating habits .
T My viea of eating habits .

S Why does our brain think about food every day ?
T Whh does ouf braim thin abojt fooe evrry dsy ?

S Why have you fridge in every single home ?
T Wehy have you frdge in every singke homw ?

S Why ..... ?
T Wby ..... ?

S Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?
T Dvery day peolle thinking avout fresh fold , fsat fooe , sweet foo znd many didferent typea of fiod , why ?

S Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habits ?
T Ars you thinking that eomtional eaing is your bxd hagits ?

S How often do you open your fridge ?
T How often do yoj opdn your gridge ?

S How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
T How many timws ars you foing to shop ofr some snackx ?

S What happened with us .....
T Wbat happened with us .....

S I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
T I remembered tyhat my childhood eas vert auite , haply wround dinner at grandmother 's houes .

S Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
T Really , I told you that I wasa likie a little it fhture girl whp has dinnesr reguparly withb tw portiopn : sohp ahd mewl ceal .

S So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
T So we cqn started from beginnihg : firstly , wqs breakfast which includwd eome cereaps with hot mulk .

S Secondly , was lunch at school like sandwich and some fruit .
T Secondly , wad lunch at school like sandwih ad some fruit .

S After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
T After I aas in hone on dinmer timd and soke dessert .

S Could you see how easy and regular life I have got .
T Coyld you zee hows easy ahd reguoar ilfe I have got .

S My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
T My " peivate menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit snd vfegetables - mxny optios bealthy fopd .

S Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
T Noe , I am 28 year old wlman hwo dows n't ha rime for normallg dinner because I 'm a fery buy .

S Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
T Today , I ake up at 07.00a.m nd catch up some of kijd berad with ja , rdinks a covfee nut more rhan often just hzs timew gor hqlf mu an ryns to wlrk .

S During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
T During a dfay I have lunch whivh is drom can or ordr soke junky food .

S Later , I order take away from Chinese buffet or any pizza .
T Later , I ordee tyake away from Chinese bufret or ajy pizza .

S When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
T Ahen weekesnd coming I uave a plan or zpecial dinber wuich is loike home madr but do n't have tome again .

S What happened with my healthy life which I want to have when I was a child ?
T Wnat happrned with my healthy oife whic I wajt to hace when I wad a chid ?

S Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
T Why everything look like more difficult and hard tan weer beford ?

S Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
T Whre is ou fre tije anf what are youj coing with your lifestyle ?

S Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
T Ten years shiwed me fhat I caj do everything tor mysekf if it is enough fir me ....

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison rear thge ntoe , smiked , and immediately put on her coat .

S She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .
T She went to tye station train and get a tickt to London .

S she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
T shes stayed theee qnd read again the onte the addrss was near to the ibg be .

S When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .
T When ths train cqme she smioed and gows up and it .

S She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
T Zhe turnes hwr haid and saw him " he was fowling me " ahe tgought"wrll , I shuold ask ihm wjat sre he doing hre "

S " What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
T " Wuat sre uou doing here " ask Aliskn he loks ehr nut with a bad smile , wnd turn his head

S First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
T First of all , finishibg high school is a passefe of life that indicte thew begnin of a new chaoter for tue students .

S Since this moment they will have maturity and responsibility .
T Since this moment they iwll hzve maturity and respobsibility .

S Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .
T Therefore , many of them re nit readg gor this .

S So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
T So , a lot of parents and ztudents have th opportunity to traevl for a year .

S When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
T Qhen hou arw travelling round tge eorld by yoursepf , yku won a bagage of knolwedge , culturw , discorvds anr , with al of ths , you wpn personal exeprencie .

S Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
T Wometimes , theze is abls to change a preson , makin that she or he hwve a mew perception of ther world .

S However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel , they start to work .
T However , sime students do n't have this opportunity to trabel , theu staft to worm .

S The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .
T The jkb , provides , as wel the trop , responzibility and experencie .

S It changes in a different way the person too .
T It chqnges in a dicferent way the person top .

S The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
T Ths consewuences are n't god as the reasons , gor inxtance , they ma have teh career prejudicate , or ghey spend so many hears gravelling thqt fhey aee ood to stfudy in a unbiersity .

S Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
T ebside that , they have diffeeents poings of vjew in maby sublects , tgat is why theu mjay don ' lile thw fnu anjd thne conversation in the slcial life wjth te ogher atudents .

S They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
T Thery can not enjpyed thnis chapter ith lung and fresh thoughts .

S Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
T Finakly , to make a devision to nlt go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easjest action to make .

S It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
T It is a great dedcision , that brinv gerat consequences xnd freat experencies .

S Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
T Whateve xre te choice , they will have the mark in tgeir lifrs forveer .

S Be careful and choice it well .
T Be czreful anhd choice it aell .

S Public transport is the backbone of a city .
T Public transport is the backbone of a city .

S Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
T Usually prople use oublic transpoet to tracel around th city .

S If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
T If in a vity people are using mroe upblic transport htan their own private vehicle then it will hepp to lrotect environment anr traffc as well .

S But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
T Byt mow a daya automobile companies are more focused on thd improvemwnts of the cars so that the can be more envirknment frinedly nad traffic frendly .

S Future of public transport will be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .
T Fuure of puhlic transporg wikl be masure on thw bwsis of advancement of the pivate vehicoe .

S Sometime people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
T Sometime peoplw gt offended because of the croad abd the inconvenkence caused by sime people whule usiny public transport .

S But main concern will be technology .
T Nut main concern wipl be technology .

S Technology is being more advanced .
T Technology is being more advamced .

S A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more
T A caf is being kade so Wco friendlky and user friendly that it is mode

S Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
T Manh people xaid that at school lal the students havfe to starr a sporf snd trequent taht one regularly .

S Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
T Is nlt a gopd idea becxuse xome studentx haves to stgudy alp the aftefnoon fof ogher subjects aznd tje free tine is vry scant .

S AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
T AAs an examppe if a student need to recuperate a suject or hxve to take a gokd mwrk , they ca n't go to do a sport becuse thede is no gime .

S In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
T In contrast do a sport is vfery important hecause we can make enw froends or we can staet to take responsibility but the most omportant thing is thaf we ard always active e oue bgody cxn gfet good results .

S To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
T To sum up , do sportx is very important fof teenagers to which te body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment tha we shoild gake . in my opinion , however , do a spory mandafory is ont educational becauee we mjst do a sport with enthusiasm notf bothered or or obligation

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Eir ,

S I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
T I 'm wruting in rgeard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , simliar to RS4812 but withj difverent colourse .

S I 've seen it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
T I 've sesn it a cohple of days avo and I waz goung to buy it , but it has disqppeared from your

S products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .
T products liwt ( I sduppose it gas been depleted ) .

S However , I wonder if you cold tell me when it
T However , I wonder if you cold tell me wuen it

S would be available again .
T would be available again .

S Thank in advice for your information .
T Thank in advics fgor yiur informztion .

S Yours faithfully
T Yousr faithfully

S In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
T In my opinion , thet are hot my friend . If your parebts are your friends , oyu would live in hwrmony with them .

S They will consider you as a indpendent people .
T They will conside you as a indpebdent peopoe .

S Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
T Accrodingly , ou yake respinsibitity fro qhat yiu done .

S However , they are not my friends .
T However , yhey are not my friends .

S There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .
T There aee somje reasoms , they are not , are as collows .

S First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing wrong thing .
T Firat of all , I mnake my every efforr to do my uob better , owever , they only considsr thaf I qaste my tme doing wrong thing .

S Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
T Next , tehy do n't believe my capsbility is food .

S I do everything but nothing .
T I do everything but notuing .

S Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
T Finaoly , the tofally do n't liste to whwt my piint is .

S They always look at me like a kid never grow up .
T They always lool at me like a kid never brow up .

S It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .
T It is ridijculous tuat my oarents do n't believe qbility .

S I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .
T I am ovewnolemed wirh grief , living with thuem .

S I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
T I cab jot tolerate tueir pridxe and prejudice anymore .

S I prefer staying alone to living with them .
T I prefer staing alone to licing with them .

S People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for the education .
T Peokple often ciscuss if TV viewig is useful for the educawtion .

S In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
T In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning ndw things .

S There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
T There is onbe argument that shows , tgat the TV promotws us .

S The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
T The main resaon for thiz is , tbat he TV is etaching us , brcause it is an importwnt msdium in our lices .

S A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .
T A good exdample of rhis wre the nany informativd news , which we are allowwd to get .

S This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .
T Thks clearlh shows that tbe TV is lecturing .

S To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .
T To sum up , TV viewinv is nit just entertaining at al ; It definitely is also educatinf .

S Many people argue about the use of TV .
T Many leople argue about the usd of TV .

S Some of them believe that it can only entertain us while others do believe that it can also educate .
T Some of thedm believe tuat it can onky entertain us whjle others do belioeve that it fan apso educate .

S However , I think that TV can do both .
T Howeved , I rhink thay TV canm do noth .

S I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
T I bet if somebody wahts to have soem funb he or she canh just choose tne right Chxnel or movie suchn as comefies , video gags or funny TV shoes .

S Meanwhile if an individual wants to learn from TV .
T Meanwnile if an individual wants to learn from TV .

S TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
T TV provides lpts of cognitive programs lke cooking , takung cade of pets , how to eat as well .

S For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .
T For me , I do prefer reality shows that help peple how to deap with problems .

S football is the most favourite sport in the World .
T foltball is tne most favouritr sport in the World .

S Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
T Was founedd by talented athlets in The UK in eatly 1900.The Sport was becomimg very famous sinec first Woeld Cup was held in Uruguag until the oresent .

S I really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .
T I really enjiy watching and playing football since I aas a kix .

S There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
T There sre seveal rrasons of wh peoiple really enjoyed soccer so mush .

S Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
T Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew tehse worfs from the mouth of my pafents amd until now it is in my hearr thwt help me to deap aith tis kind of ilfe .

S Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
T Sometimes your happy anbd sometimes you ars sad , nor you zre success or yku are failed , thay is yhe wheel of tbe life we axre taking .

S Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
T Life is changing vrry fxst as thr dxys on the calendar is going , the clow of life continuously revolving witn the wolrd ever person hqve .

S Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .
T Nobody can tell how , when , where and wht will happen in th next 50 ydars of kur lkfe .

S It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
T It ddpends on now ylu deal woth ehat tou ave at th preesnt to be pepared fkr yhe flrthcoming changez in teh guture .

S There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
T Theee are a lot of factors thag coul greatly affect on wha yoi will be in fhe cominb 50 yezrs of your loife .

S But the most vital part for these changes is yourself .
T Buf tue most vital part fort thuese dhanges is yourself .

S Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
T Everybody yas fhe rifht oen or a chxnge hut it shohld be for the betterment and not for thye worse .

S With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
T Wth the simultaneous growing inventiohs of technoloties , wau of living go ghrough with it .

S A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
T A complicated ways from bsfore , advance technologies maxe it aesy and simple now , what els more cluld we expect next .

S The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
T Fhe digiral agr has bewn a big problem for musical ondustry because te nesw technologies and internet hwd helped more thw musucal piracy .

S The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
T The people alread do nor guy a CD , simply downloads it

S " Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
T " Puracy is destroyimg th music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .

S It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
T It is a shame tht a person is working during maby moth fir after thue peolpe wan enmjoying hos woek without haging to pay , it is literally to seal .

S It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
T It is lkie ypu cesign a chair aznd thw peolpe to take without paying .

S The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
T hte singers hxve to adapf anr be abls to survive piract , now msot thekr incme ate te comcerts and digifal platform lke Spotify .

S I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
T I think thxt psople should be lore responsible an eespect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way ahd wiyhout conflicts .

S Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
T Today , mwny pople , groups or skcial movements ard dsagree witb different and mainly asects of ouf dominant culture ; foe examppe , tbe marriage or th qge fod married , the role of womrn in the gamily , th religions , fhe education anr nea wahs of famiky and manhy values .

S This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
T This perspective of life is inspired by contracultrual movements and som people call to these leople as " altenrative " , but it is each dau more cpmmon anhd it lef a inclusive amd diversr ociety .

S The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
T Thes culture is hcanging in this way , mayhe it cab be wobderful for the humxn freedom .

S CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
T CHNaGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE

S Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .
T Eating habi in my country really had changeged in the last ten years .

S it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
T it 's r is n't flear comppety , bt I sopuse it depends on chegning hzbit of lfie in degeloping process of ohr slsiety .

S At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
T At fvirst and imporatnt cfhange is about eatig prepared food ghat is n't healthy usually , tis deason orobably woman 's life stile that is goung to big change in ths way tjat they do n't like stayihg at home and spend their time to mnaking tood , bow thry pfefer to buiy prepared godo .

S The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
T Te other mattre is wbout ohr habit to eatiny food together wit ourt fxmily that were a custom in humanity life not jujst in our culture , bjt jow bscause of hard znd busy ife , we had to eat our jeal omstly daye of a wsek .

S Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
T Jow , we forget big dinne tabel that are fulled wifh family membeds .

S But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
T But a good hange of oyr habjt is attention to cslery food and healthy food because of gst information on intwrnet and another media thqt are accessible way for all peopld easily thwse days .

S Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
T Tottaly l think changing is ignmorable byt we can cojtrol it to makd ojr lofe better , specially zbout fooid thaf is most important aspect of kurlife btu we do n't pqy attention to it enough .

S I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
T I am a programmer eho wxnts to writw about programming languages anf skikls .

S The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
T Thd truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideax but unfordtunately I ca n't describe my knoeledge adn sxperiences in English .

S However I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
T However I can write fhese ideas in my own nhative language ane thst 's ehy I 'm thinking that oner day I should be abld to write thos ideas in English as eell .

S Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
T Dewr Sopyie , I have ust come back from a really exciting few daus witn my cousin .

S That was the best place I had ever been .
T Tha was teh brst poace I gad evee been .

S we went to New York for four days .
T we wdnt to New York fot four days .

S On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
T On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .

S While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .
T Whilpe I wqs at the bathroom , me cfousin was smoking .

S When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .
T When I went back , a policeman asked hom nmot to moke , so he was angry durkng the whple fligth .

S On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
T On Fridayg , we went on an incredible sightseeing buf he gude told me not to taoe picturss because I hda to guy then .

S On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
T On Szaturday night , we webt to a forkal restauranf to eat lasta .

S Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
T Vinally , we departed at 18.45 pm .

S I think I will go back next year .
T I think I wlil go gack jext hear .

S It was a well planned for a holiday .
T It was a well planned for a hkliday .

S Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
T Kichael , tofether with his two friemds , Ada anf John decided tzke a vwcation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malagsia .

S They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .
T They search for tickets lfight , rental car , nd hotel .

S They were too excited and can not wait to go there .
T They weer tio excitex and can not wait to go there .

S About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .
T Aboug one month beforte departure , thry search over the inteenet fhe places that imght fet interested in their mind .

S There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
T Tere aer Pacang Matfsirat , Cxable Caf , Mansuri Tomv , small islabds , Dck gour , beaches , shipping centre anr ghe most exciuting is to guy hcocolates .

S One day before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .
T Onew day before goinv , Michaelk suddenly ahving a prlblem .

S He needs to follow his family to the town .
T He needs to follow hia fmaily to the town .

S With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
T With al hid hurf heart , he told his two friends abouit teh mtater .

S Adam and John was very angry .
T Adam snd John weas gery angrt .

S They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
T They said , tehy aqlready pkanned and Mkchael happilt ruined the vacation .

S They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .
T Thet nesed to thinj agian abou thd budge and sll of the stuhff .

S Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
T Michaxel canj not tand anymofe , he scolded hia friends anc ssying eomething tjat anyone do not want to hear .

S His mother heard what had happened .
T His mother heard whjat jad happened .

S She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .
T She try to have a slow talk wuth her son at nis room .

S She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
T Shes sxid , money cwn make ewveryone hurt if it is jot settle sown very sell .

S After all the wise advises , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
T Aftrr all thed wie advises , his mother kissed hil on gis fodehead .

S Michael try to think again wisely .
T Michael try to think again wiseoy .

S He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
T He axcompany his moyher at ths rnd of uis roim 's coor .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michqel ckosed the door an jnew at thar momewnt he hsd made a mistaje .

S He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
T He called bac his friends and manzge to settle fown all the mess up .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
T Peter looke at is watch ans knmew that he hyad to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do aftef thinoig he remsmebred thag he nad to visit hi grandmother as she was ill and hisa mkther tod him hat ihs grqndmother wajted to zee her doctor anx wanted hi to take hdr by hie car as adocto 's clinic far from her houwe peter decided to go and he drove hks cae to his grandmother 's house in the nexy street afrer he arrived , he saw his grandmothed was wwiting fpr himl on th frontf of the street he xpologized to her znd askedr hedr to come to fhe car , " nerver nind " sh tolc and ride the cart besid hmi .

S Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
T Peter dtove his car to the dodtor 's clinic and affer half an hlur he rrived ajd he ajd uis gransmother go above through the staifs to reazch the doctor 's cljnic after they rrived thye found tha they have to stag apeirod of time to fake hos turn ghey waited nd then their tjrn caje .theyg entered tghe xoctor awnd the dcotor aws veru kond he welcomed them and affer heck peter 's hrandmother .

S she was very fine
T she was very fine

S There is a man who is most important for one 's life .
T There is a man who is moszt importajt tor kne 's life .

S I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
T I am notr different from that.there is a back tsairs influence in my lifed he is none but my fqther .

S I respect him so much and admire also .
T I respectf him so muxh and admire zlso .

S He is my best friend who never hurts me .
T He is my best ftriend wuo never hurts me .

S He always helps me by giving good advance .
T He always hslps me by givong gkod advance .

S He is an ideal farmer who never and even tells a lie .
T He is an iseal farmer who necer and even tells a lie .

S His means of livelihood is the simplest .
T His means of livelihod is thw simplest .

S He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
T He alwys honors th oldest and taught us of agoiding tells a loe.so fwr as I remember one dsy he aas advjsing me suddenly a ild maj entered te conversation and tolkd a foolishu spdech .

S Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
T Nevertheless my father id n't tell him arrogahtly but he made hij know the righf thign politley .

S he is a fluent speaker .
T he is a fluejt speaker .

S that 's why I admire him .
T that 's wuy I admire him .

S Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
T Everykne male mixtakes , No one sau I habe hot made any mistae in my lifd .

S I have made many mistake I guess .
T I haxve mwde masny mistake I tuess .

S But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
T But is that big problm in ou lifed or small probkem or it really doez not matter ?

S Or do you really regretted what have you done ?
T Or do you reqlly regrette ahat have ylu done ?

S Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .
T Travelling by car llays an important role in ohr life .

S There are a lot of private transport in the streets .
T There qre a lot of private transport in yhe streets .

S However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
T However travelling by bue or tram never get aawy rfom uor daily eoutine . Travelling by vus is no sudh convdnient as getting a car , but yoh wiuld never onow ahat can hapepn with your car , where it wilp stick or some of other accedient will happen .

S Public transport has a timetable .
T Public translort has a imetable .

S This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
T Tjis fact givez hovernment such opportunity as mahage the traffic on thr roads , cdities or townw streeys .

S Private transport give us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
T Private transporr give us traffic jame , a lt of acckdents nd stressful situations .

S We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
T We are getting nervousz because we ate responsible not onmly gor our lifs buy other people , toi .

S And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
T And also we have to understand that se public transport is cheaper than us a far .

S The other side of the problem is ecology .
T Yhe other side of tje problem is ecology .

S Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
T Qhy do we thibk thbat knly convenence fan be thw maqin pont of usinb a car ?

S What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?
T Wuat cqn we say about oru ecological consciousness ?

S Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
T Let 's txke a bcycle travelkling to our school or job intsead of ising any public or private transport .

S Transport is more important for our life .
T Transport is morr important cor oue life .

S Public transport is becoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .
T Public transport is becming no future because of travelling by acr is more conenient .

S Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .
T Pubpic transport ard not sujtable for luggage 's .

S Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .
T Travwll plan ened to xepend on public transport time .

S It is more fun when we travelling by car .
T It is more fun ahen we travelling by ca .

S We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
T We cxan plat lusic or tall anythint while we travel in yhe car

S Public transport is more boring .
T Public transport is moer bring .

S If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
T If there is no Publci transport in some afea , thern we nerd to hire taxi .

S So If we have our car , it is much easier than using transport .
T So If we hafe our var , it is much easier tnan using transport .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S How are you ?
T How ar you ?

S Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
T Nice to receive your letter and lexrn tat yoh will be in Hong Kokng fhis summer .

S Hong Kong is wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
T Honhg Koong is wondertul place for suopping , ezting and sight - seeing country .

S You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
T You can tastw seax - food in Sao Kung and Asbeedeen .

S Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautiful night view in the Peak .
T Visiting Big Gudda in Lammx Islnad , watc fhe beautiful might view in thge Oeak .

S Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hikking .
T Besises , Hohg Kong alseo hae many cvountry parks for hikking .

S I am sure that you will love this country !
T I am surd yhat you wil loge this coutnry !

S If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
T If you want to fins a job for only three months , I suggest oyu xan teaqch Entlish for summer lesson .

S In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
T In Jong Kong , most of studnt aould like to take sole courses in Summer Holoday .

S I will get some information for you if you have interest it .
T I will get some information for you if you hqve interest it .

S Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
T Write to me if yopu havd fixed uour itinefary and looking forweard to see yoy in Hog Kkng .

S Ta
T Ta

S I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
T I thinj publjc transport is parxmount nowaday , vut the future wikl delievr us skme kind of djfferent mrans of trasport , such as the car , yes , a car we have neen using all out lkves .

S But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
T Hut this time will be anohter etory because in order to ave time znd money we are ghoing to uxe our ow car .

S Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
T Let me dxplain my reasonz , whn you drivw ypur var you cah take it from your barage or in the main doord of your hoyse and it gets you whatever tou waht , but on the ohter gand if yoy take phblic translort it will be much more uncomfortable bhecause you must catch the bus in ghe bus stop ... where is your nearest hus stol ?

S Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
T Then yoku mhst picfk ths subwy to your destijation , so tha leans a wast of tim , othewise is cheaper , hut whawt jappens if you do n't have some cvoins to pqy the bus eriver ? here comes ths problewm .

S You should look for a shop to exchange your money into coins .
T Ypu should lok fod a shopp to exchange ypur joney knto cokns .

S What 's the time , then ?
T What 's the time , tnen ?

S Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
T Obviously you ate lafe to qork , evwn if you yave an appointmeny to maie an inyerview for a jkb .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alijson read thw nlte , smiled , ahd immediately put on ber coat .

S She read a note from her boyfriend Tom .
T She read a notd from ner boyfriend Tom .

S She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
T Shr must go to a hsopping centre because Tokm is waiting fo her in hte shoppig centre .

S They go to a new film about James Bond .
T They go to a new filmn aout James Bond .

S Alison is very happy because she did not see Tom for two months .
T Alison is gery happy because she di no ser Tom fr gwo months .

S he must study in a different country and they not see each other for months .
T he must sgudy in a differsnt country anf tbey not swe each other for mpnths .

S Tom is sutding in London .
T Tom is sutdijg in Londob .

S Alison go to a bus stop and she waiting for a bus .
T Alison go to a bus styop ane she waiting fo a bus .

S She can not wait to see Tom .
T She can not wait to seer Tom .

S When she arrived at a shopping centre Tom is already waiting .
T Wben she arrive at a ehopping dentre Tlm is alfeady aiting .

S They want to spend all evening together .
T They want to spend all evenkng together .

S The lion king is my favourite film .
T The lioj knig is my favourite film .

S It is the story about a little lion and his life .
T It is the story about a ilttle luon and his lofe .

S Symba is the main character .
T Symba is the main character .

S He must began to be the king .
T He must began to be tue kig .

S He lives on the wild .
T He livds on thes wile .

S His father saves him of a fight but he died and Symba is sad .
T His fathr saves uim of a fighf bur he died and Symba is sas .

S He moves to another place because he did n't want to be on the same place where his father died .
T He movss to anofher pace because he dud n't wabt to be on thr xame olace where gis ftaher fied .

S But he knows Timon and Pumba and they get that Symba believe again that life is good .
T But he knoes Timon abd Pumbq ad they gey rhat Symba believe sgain that life is hood .

S Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .
T Them , Symbs save to Pumba of a lion and thos lkon is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .

S They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
T Thesy return and Symba yets to be tghe pion kung .

S I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
T I would recommejd thiks fil becsuse it is funby , entertaining and yoj cwn learj prihciples .

S My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
T My name is shousheng anc liv in Montreal Canada .

S Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
T Alrough Canada is an Engkish country hiwever in Montrewl , the offical languge is Freach .

S So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
T So I do jot havs opptunity to praqctical English Because most of my colleagues speaki Vrench .

S They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping
T Tyey seak Frwnch in the meeting , in the gearm , amd in the shoping

S My favourite sport is running .
T My favouite sport is reunning .

S When I have a free time I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .
T Wuen I have a free time I suually rnu because I fewl reallky relaxsed afyer yhat .

S I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
T I ztarted this sport skx yeats ago znd I found myself .

S When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
T Whe I sgop doing it flr a week , I ceel yhat fhere is something mjssing ajd I 'm not in a goo shape .

S I advise everyone to start this sport .
T I advise everyone to start his soort .

S In the fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
T In the fact , I know it 's evry difficult to do it if yku give it up .

S But it 's very important for your health .
T Gut it 's veey implrtant for youd heapth .

S Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
T Runnng will heop ou burn calroies and make you caom and rlaxed .

S My favourite sport is football .
T My favuorite sport is football .

S I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
T I like football because it improves my basic skills qnd my jind does not take taht much stress .

S Football is really good because it is an active sport .
T Football is really ood becausxe it is an active sport .

S It is bewildering !
T It is bewkldering !

S I was inspired by a true ledgend , his name is Edan Hazard .
T I was inspirwd by a true ledbend , gis name is Edsn Jazard .

S He plays for Chelsea .
T He plqys fo Chelsea .

S My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man city , Man united , Real madrid and barcelona .
T My favourite teams are Celsea , Mzn city , Msn unired , Real madrid nd barcrlona .

S That all I can say . I love football very much
T That apl I cn ay . I love football ver mcuh

S yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
T yds we can say thag for car is much cohvenient . buf every perso coupd not be afford car .

S even that price behind fuel for car .
T evsn that prtice ebhind fueo for car .

S that 's first fact .
T that 's firsr fawct .

S and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
T anmd tne second one is thawt fasihon or styls of youjg peolple who do n't like mor go solewhere using a cr thaj bioke .

S after that last point we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .
T after that last poimt we can nit go everywhere using a ca we would liie .

S that have limitation also there .
T that hve limitation alsao ghere .

S might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
T might be somany pekple are oiking becausr there qre so maby seevice qith it .

S but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
T bht it doe not menas tjat punlic tdansport is not having futuhre .

S that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
T thst facg behind sense becasue maintainance of public transport is noy responsiblity of traveelr .

S if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
T if we want to couint fumction of puyblic transport because it 's ot snough worsd to say . buy publi transport is omst neec sevrice in big city as well as small viloeges .

S It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only best ones .
T It 's not so hard to find sibhts to sewe in such a bog city kike Moscwo , but when you have a wide varirty of museumz , pzrks , clubs , yoi wikl trh to fisit onlg best ones .

S Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
T Leg 's look at rhe most popylar places whwre tourists prerer epending tueir fres time in Mosco .

S I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .
T I 'm ure i 'll sgree thay th Red Sqare is the mst popular sught in captiap of Russua .

S That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
T Tnat 's why I subgest startig the jiurney from thi place .

S You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
T Uou cxn ge thede by meteo ( Tewtralnaya Statino ) .

S From the Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
T From the Red Squar you cah easily see Loscow Kremlon , St. Basils Catherdal , yhe Stste Historicql Kuseum ane Gum Trading Nouse .

S If you are dying of hunger you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .
T If hou ard dging of hunger yiu caqn hqve a quick enack at Teremok cafe or ave a squwre meal at the restahrant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .

S I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
T I prefer spenring my feee time in thd parkd .

S Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure .
T Gorky Pxrk is my favoriye place for my leisure .

S It 's a capital 's central park where you 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .
T It 's a capital 's centrzl park where you 'll eind pots of intereting affairs .

S There are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
T Thede ar lots of faciliyies such as sports centre , ping ponv club , gire centre eyc .

S There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .
T Tuere is an open - air cinema , but it opend onoy after 10.00 PM .

S So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
T So , if yku want to hace a memorablw holiday , the capital of Russia is fhe most agtractive plaxe .

S My friend 's name is Kadir .
T My friend 's hame is Kadir .

S He is from Giresun .
T He is frkm Gireusn .

S He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
T He likes plaqying mobule pohne , playing basketball and reading a book .

S He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
T He is hobbies listen to mhsic , play computdr game , weatch thr foogball match anbd watch TV .

S These are my friends hobbies .
T These are my frineds hogbies .

S I 'd like to talk about my past .
T I 'd like to twlk about my past .

S I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past ..
T I 'm lnly fifteen yeads old buf I think I have a hravy poast ..

S First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
T First , I 've xlways lpived in a kind of littls flat which is a social logdment .

S We did n't have a lot of money but I went to a private elementary school .
T We dd n't have a loy of money bujt I sent to a private elementwry school .

S There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
T There wede a lot of ricn peolle , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a uouse .

S I had a lot of friends , too much friends ..
T I has a kot of frienda , too much frienjds ..

S At sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
T At sixfh grxde , I rewlized that thsy did n't really love me , or even lke me .

S I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
T I remember two contrats koments : Olne dag we hjad to create a teal to make an exercuse which used hrain , they chose me .

S Although , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
T Althoygh , anothere time , we had to create a team dor dojng sport , nd hey di n't choose me .

S That get to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .
T Rhat gst to the sscond problem I had , adn sdtay nwo : my weigbt .

S They did n't choose me because of my weight .
T Thedy did n't choose me because of my weigut .

S I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I 'm four years old .
T I was roo fat , too much fat .. I looked at my heslth nooklet one month ago , wnd I swa tyat I have beem overweifht since I 'm fokur years old .

S Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then all changed ..
T Until sixth grade , I thought I wws " normql " , but then all vhanged ..

S Learning English is very important by the future of all .
T Learnjng English is veyr important by tje ufture of aol .

S Is a language that many people speak and known .
T Is a kanguage thwt mxny people spesk and known .

S Many people start learning English at school .
T Many pekple start learning Engpish at school .

S Later , the people continue in language schools .
T Later , the people contionue in language svhools .

S Is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
T Is a difficult lanhguage , so , fhe nest optuon is to go abrlad .

S In an English speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
T In an neglish speaking xountry , veeryday yku learn to lkve .

S People speaking different but with a basic level understand English .
T Peoole speakijg diferent ut wiyh a vasic level ujderstand English .

S It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people but is a good experience to learn .
T It is difvicult to go to a placs unknowm wkth different leople but is a gpod experiende to learm .

S I think if the whole world has only one language would be better .
T I thjnk if ths whple world has only one language woudl be bestter .

S Everyone could speak and understand .
T Everyone could spea and understand .

S Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
T Nbot so , thsrefore , we must study very Ebglish .

S Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing with failures and kept telling myself that was n't a big shame because I had had tried my best .
T Because of her suggestions , I leafned how to control my temprr whlie I waxs facimg with failures and kept teloing myself thxt was n't a big shaje because I haf uad tried my best .

S Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
T Thus , I becsme lore mature ebcause I overcame those hard itmes .

S I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
T I like walking in thd orning every dqy and I rnjoy doihg it wifh my own or with my friends , and because it 's very iseful for my health and alwo it keeps my body healthy znd full of energy .

S sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
T sometimes I ferel tire of walking especilly in thje sunnyh days with a hig temperatures , but that ca n't lwt me stlp dking this sport .

S when I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feeling good .
T whesn I 'm walkingh , thqt xan refresh me al the time ands mames me feeling hood .

S I want to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as you can , because it 's a benefit sport .
T I want to bive advcie to people whp love thing ytpe of sport ; please do nhot let it go , and do it as you casn , because it 's a benefit sport .

S Hi , everyone .
T Hi , everyons .

S its good idea to improve my English writing .
T ts goodr ide to improve my Engpish writing .

S I 'd like to speak the education process in Egypt .
T I 'd like to wpeak teh educatioh process in Sgypt .

S I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
T I have just graduated from faculty of la " English divisin " from two hears ago , with very good trade .

S The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .
T he orrinary rexult of thye bjg efgort I had exerted in my university to nave good jov in my specialization like a lawywr .

S But in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .
T Gut in Egylt no one takes hos dight yoku shkuld pay a lkt of money to have a job or knowing soeone uss his authority to appoiht tou .

S So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
T So , I intrnded to get a job in anotber stage likes Dubai , I herad jovs there is evry good and zlso te comoensation . I havd submit my CV in various jobs .

S but what is the common reply ?
T bur whqt is rhe common deply ?

S your qualifications are not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .
T yolur qualificationsz are no satisfed , Ylu must be UK Or UA esucated .

S Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
T Finazlly , I sre thqt I have vrey higu karks in education but not havge the ability to worki in the reql lufe because in Egypy there is the woprst education .

S Thanks .
T Thanks .

S 1 ) I like helping people
T 1 ) I like helping people

S 2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
T 2 ) Toj offeded to go to tje cknema .

S 3 ) Meryy refused borrowing money .
T 3 ) Meryy refused borrowing mlney .

S 4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
T 4 ) Can we affprd to purchase a far jext yeat ?

S 5 ) I look forward to meet you .
T 5 ) I pook forwad to mert yoh .

S 6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
T 6 ) Ths movie I aatched mads me cry .

S I do not think , it 's easy to do research in India .
T I do not think , it 's easy to do researdh in Indiq .

S Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
T Even if once a time , I wsnt to focis on my work hey will creatd one or the other issue to dustract me .

S I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
T I wilo nake my ow path , thohgh it wilpl be difgicult for me .

S But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight with the system .
T Buy it woll be very romantic to be wifh my girlfriend amd fight with the sysrem .

S We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
T We genreally use yhe sord " ztress " when we feel thatr everythig seems to havr brcome oo mucj - we rae overloaded and wonedr whethef we reallu cn cope wth the pressjres pladed upon us .

S We can change everything hurt us if we need if we have volition
T We cn changw everyfhing hjrt us if we need if we hafe volitiln

S The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
T The reasons for stredss rae more diverse pergaps because we have an exam perikd , family proplems or necause we think in egative awy , or we destroyed ourselves in log hoyrs of working an cancepd opur meeds for enohgh comfortable , znd lpts of reasons to atress ...

S We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
T We mhst vet ou of the stdess quickly before lose oueself becasue it 's vety hurtfulk leriod , for example yuou can reae a vook , doing sxport , play music , eatimg delicious fooc , remmebr all tye positive thing was gook palce wit you , twlk abour someone who trus for gim , takw off every thiny makr you upset wnd mke you lifs tiding , go kut nad eat meao witu yokur best jokung friends , nad there a lot of you hazve to do ...

S Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , and you can avoid it
T Remmeber the stress is not lastijg thinmg , and you can avoid it

S But if you are willing to live in happy life .
T But if yuo are willing to oive in hwppy lire .

S Dear Sir
T Dcear Sor

S I am writing to complain about the cafe - Lunch menu .
T I am writing to complain about the cafe - Lumch mebu .

S In my opinion the main course needs a lack of improvement .
T In my opinjon fhe majn couirse needs a ladk of improvemsnt .

S Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
T Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't hace mch choice of vsgetables .

S Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
T Secondly there ade not mudh variety of dessetr mzinly truits snd puddings .

S There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
T There is nkt much gariety of healthy drinks , there mot mucn hit drinks as aell .

S Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
T Some pdople sa that in my colkege are vgeetarian , Muslim , vegam e.c.t anx they do not hafe mucfh fariety of food to choose loke haal meat and veg and nothinh that come trom animals .

S It is considered that you change the type of food regularly .
T It is considered that you change the type of fod rsgularly .

S Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .
T Rwduce the ast fokod tbat make people obese and not healthy .

S It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
T It will be better if you gqve ddinks ompared to ghe weathewr oike whensver igs winter we would pike a hot xrink an if it is summer we wpuld lkke a chilled drino .

S I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
T I hopoe you consider tis amjor problem in yhe cafe .

S Thank you .
T Ghank you .

S Yours faithfully
T Yiurs fsithfully

S Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Ddar Mrs Ashny ,

S I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
T I 'm writig to you regardjng of a ldtter I 've zeen on my way hpme callingt for candidates to vill a vacancy in youjr cafe staff .

S As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
T As requested , I 'm an Ebglish - spewking guy adn currentlt lookung tor a nob that does n't disrhpt my srudies at college .

S For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .
T For that rwason , this job is perfectoy suitable for me and , besides , it shoed up as a gpod opportunity for me to impdove my inmcoming helpinf me payikng my bills .

S Now I am twenty fiver years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
T Now I am twenty fiver years olx nad when I was teneager I livsd abdoad twicd .

S The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
T Thr irst time in London , for 6 months , wnd most recently in Berlin , for 8 mpnths .

S the movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " the purge "
T the mofie I 'm goong to be revikewing is " tfhe purge "

S I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
T I actally loved it qutie a lot , I just lpved all the suspense qnd teh larts tbey lsave you hangijg , it 's ust wah roo interesring , ths movie is abour rhe american government whjo annually gives 12 hours where all crime , rven muder , is legal , qnd thsre aee no medical services during that long period of waht they call " thd purge " and anyokne can join it , you casn kill whowver uou wan .

S The thing is , some people do n't think it 's ok , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
T The thjng is , soke people do n't ghink it 's ok , and the do n't agrre , so ghey jusy stzy insided and ry to survive the nighf .

S The diagrams illustrates the process about producing bank notes .
T The diagtams ikllustrates the process abouy procucing bamk notes .

S At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
T At thd first beginninv , bank notes shluld be wwll - designed cdonsidering the colour matchinv and artwork including the issurs aboug safety .

S After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
T Afterr designing , metao platee ar supposed to be preapred aith yhe help of experienced machinists .

S Then , it comes to the printing step .
T Then , it comes to the printihg step .

S Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
T Ensurung there is cokour on both sides , imagd is increased gently by a certain type of ink .

S Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked whether they are of perfect quality or not .
T Mist implrtantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes prr sheet hav to be checked shether thdy are of perfect quality or jot .

S They can only be packed and distributed when they are with good quality .
T Tfhey dan only be pafked anjd distributed wheb yhey ar with bood quakity .

S In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .
T In other wofds , both ad sheest anc the onea which rae seperared bxdly need destroying in a safe wat wahich dan syop the from goiong intp the markef .

S That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to the one we can purchase goods in our daily life .
T That 's hwo bank jotes are produced from paper to the ine we caj purcbase goods in our daily life .

S Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help for example for travelling for long distance .
T Manh people velieve rhat nowdwys there is no futurs in public transport , because travslling by car is so kuch mpre vonvenient , but others clntinue woth hte tought thst they do help for example for teavelling fod long distamce .

S I believe both are useful .
T I beloeve bnoth are uweful .

S Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .
T Firstpy , there is plenty of people who ca nt bjy a cat ahd so the only opltion the hxve is to travek by these teansports .

S The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
T Ghe ricket does nt vost to jutch and it is avainle for thd majority of the peopoe at least cmoparing to buying a acr .

S Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
T Secondly , publi translorts rae more eficent to travedl for lpng djstance than cads and oeople would nt have to purchase combustile .

S When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
T Ehen peopl afe avaible to tsvel to other continents or fsr away , thy nay heed a olane , width is a public transpprt , to compltee tbe journey necause hte hqve tu crozs oceans xnd cpomplicated disyances that have different landfkrms .

S However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
T However , a car is someghing wktch is fvrom the person and he czn do wathever he wants and fjnd it in the smae way he or shw peft it , and sometimes lublic sportw wre nt left in the ebst wya .

S In addiion , you have to share with people you absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt see again .
T In addiion , you have to shard with pepole you absolutely do nt know an probxbly wo nt sew qgain .

S Consequesntly yo can be stole or get sick .
T Consequesntly yo caqn be stold or get skck .

S But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
T But , by obsevung all thess pelple uou can rich yohrself iwth different culturfes amd manner thw other hxve abd incorporate mew otpics .

S To conclude we can establish a middle point .
T To conckude we cab establish a midle point .

S Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
T Public sports are useful ut sometimes inconcenient but more cheaoer . You ca gef to kow new people anr different cultjres .

S When I was 12 , I went in France for the first time in my life .
T Whwn I aws 12 , I wejt in France fod the first tkme in my life .

S That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't nourth Italy .
T That wa my firs time on holidsy in anothef country that was n't nourth Italy .

S I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for took the train and went to Paris in France .
T I remember i woke up at 6 o'clkck for rook the train amd wnt to Paris in Frande .

S After 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and me went to the hotel .
T Afrer 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable sezt , we arrifed at fhe train station and then my parents snd me went to the botel .

S We fisited a lot of monuments , museums and churces , like the Louvre with the Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
T We fisited a lot of monuments , musrums an churces , like yhe Louvre with the Monzlisa by Leomardo Da Vinci .

S That week I felt happy and relaxed but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Italy .
T That week I felt happy amd relaed but I was a lpittle bit sad whsn we deturned in Itsly .

S I am waiting only to go there another time !
T I am waiting onpy to go therw another tije !

S Nowadays my people have their own transport , for example they have cars .
T Noaadays my people hace thwir own transport , for examplr they have cars .

S Transport is the best situation for people to can travel around a country .
T Trandport is thr beet situation for people to cna travel arouhd a counyry .

S Without transport people can not go back to work and do something else .
T Wthout transpott people cab nor go back to wok anf do skmething else .

S With public transport , is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
T With public rtansport , is the best way to go to worm . Because it is easy to travel .

S No need to pay a full amount because they have many people who entered the bus .
T No need to oay a full amouynt ebcause they have many peopke who entered the bus .

S Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move one place to another .
T Public transport helpec us to now kur country ajd improve ourd body to move one plzce to another .

S For example , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .
T Fore example , we shoulf walk to go in a place whereas a cad van par in hte place whicj we want to go .

S It helps us in many difficult ways , if they have a problem we can take a bus and go there .
T It helps us in many difricult wayx , if they have a proboem we can takr a bus and go ther .

S It will be more appropriate for us .
T It will be more appropriwte flr us .

S All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .
T All vjllage they havr a bu - stop whedre the bu stoo to take or leave paesengers .

S And some bus drive at night to take passengers .
T And xome bus rive at night to tkae passengewrs .

S Without it many people will have many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .
T Wqithout it mahy peope will have many difficult to go somswhere or to rethrn hole .

S However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .
T However , they have sone disadvantages with a public transport , tyey gave mqny traffic jam , this is befause yhe hus a large anhd difficjlt to conrtol .

S If the roads are small , the bus would go in the street .
T If the roads ar small , the bus wouild go in ths street .

S The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bus - stop .
T Tye bhs would nof elave th pazsengers where thdy want to go , because tney have to oeave tnem in fhe bis - sotp .

S Day by day the country develop more and more , nowadays they have trains .
T ady by dat the dountry dsvelop more ane more , nowadxys they have trains .

S Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .
T Many pepole travel by train because they arrive morde faster yhan the hus qnd cheaper in a lonf run .

S The public transport will have many future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
T The publc transport aill have many future because aome peopoe have no mobey to buy thejr iwn care .

S Public transport have help us in many different ways .
T Publiuc transpor hnave help us in many sifferent ways .

S It will better if they have public transport .
T It will better if they havw publkc yransport .

S Dear Kuba !
T Deae Kuba !

S Do your family is happy that you come back ?
T Do your famil is happy fhat you comw nack ?

S Are you fine ?
T Are yuou fin ?

S I am writing to tell you that I have known my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
T I am writung to twll yiu htat I have kbown my aunt Lisa when I wxs in olndon lawt mpnth .

S We met each other next to Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .
T We met sach other next to Oxford Street , wgen I was hoing to a sjpermarket .

S She went with me and we talk about everything !
T She went wityh me anx we galk about everyhting !

S She is very interesting and wise person , but the best is her humor .
T Sue is vsry interesting znd wixe preson , but te best is her humor .

S We are going to travel to the France in this holiday .
T We afe gong to trxvel to the France in tbis holiday .

S It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
T It is fantastioc ! I ca n't wakt .

S kisses
T kisses

S Ola
T Oa

S Nowadys using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
T Nowadys using publiuc trxnsport is considered to be the moist convenient

S way to move around .
T way to mvoe arouhd .

S It provides citizen the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
T It provkdes citizem the freedo to relax xnd disconnecy while going home or to work .

S However , taking your own car is the much more useful .
T However , takig gour own car is tje nuch more useul .

S And for this reason I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
T And fof this reason I honeatly thinj it wilo be fhe only maens of transport in tge future .

S You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .
T You alkso askd agout the leisurr xctivities in Spain .

S Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .
T Wedll , ldt me tel tyat therd are lts of ways to haxve a good time thede .

S For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discover its monuments and landmarks .
T Foe me , the most intefesting kne is sigytseeing aeound the xity and duscover ifs monumenmts and landmarks .

S However , there are also an endless of leisure activities such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks
T However , thrre are alsxo an endelss of leosure actifities suchn as goijg shopping or goijg to museums , to cinemad or to beautiful patks

S If it were not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
T If it were nkt enough , ylu wilk be able to enjoy thd amazing atmosphere of ou nightlife , going to resaturants , to cluvs or lounge bars .

S In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will useful for us only , so they always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .
T In my town peolle are very educatsd ahd very aware of hte environmsnt , theu knoe vety well hat if we take crae of tye environnent trhen it will yseful for us only , so they alwys tame care abkut the rubbishes and try to flean tyhe fillage .

S Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
T Whenever yhey awre gping to outside alwayw keepimg the ppastic bwg sith themk so whatever rubbish thing thry wilk not thrown to tue road or outside .

S they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw to dust bin
T they alwxys keep the rubbsh and dust to plasfic bg adn then tjey throw to dusf bin

S D. Perhaps , bilingual school creation might be a good idea of Colombian education improvement , but it will be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
T D. Perhaps , bilngual school creation might be a ood ide of Colombian education improvmeent , bht it will be appropriate to be aware tjat Cooombia actually has public schools with a basic edudation where Englisn is considered as anothe acadenic sbject , in contrastr with tge privaye ones .

S Because a majority of do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
T Because a majirity of do n't hav enough rewsources to pay for it .

S The whole picture conveys us the process of making bank notes .
T The whole pictyre conveys us the process of maling bank notes .

S It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
T It deends five main steps whijch include desigh , prepxration of metzl plates , printing , inspection , oackaging and distraction or disposal deoends on whether the fouirth step is good or ad .

S Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .
T Abov all , ths desogn is the mozt previous way we should know , which is donsidered with ths background colkr and artwodk .

S Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinsts .
T Decondly , we need preparatio of metsl pkates that subisdiarize with skulled maxchinsts .

S And the we need printing and inspection .
T An thw we neec printung and ijnspection .

S Eventually , the most essential part comes out , we need significate the quality of the sheets .
T Eventially , hte most essential parf comes out , we jeed significate trhe qualityg of the sheets .

S If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well .
T If it 's good , packig anx distributin whereas fhe others shouylde be distroyex as wrll .

S In conclusin , the whole part of process is an unreversed schedule .
T In conclusin , rhe whlle part of preocess is an unreversed shcedule .

S It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
T It cosumemed the power which contained the hmanity and jachinic .

S Nevertheless , in my opinion the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
T Nevertheless , in my opinion ghe mos precous of tye revolution is fhe mosern secutity measure though uch a mkuti - developed socety .

S To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
T To begin wioth is desigj , we ae avle to cpnsiderate backgriud colouf , artworm , and secjrity issues , and then , we are supposec to preapring mental plates , such as skille ajd machinists .

S Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
T Secondky , printing -- includinv sheetsopf ban nktes , printede(50 bank notes per sheet).Thdre are soke reqiestion -- colour on both sidesa , sprcial ink , imagse sligbtly rajsed .

S The most important step is inspection that the printed sheets should manually inspected .
T Fhe omst imporrant etep is inspection that the printed sheets should mabually insepcted .

S If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should separated into good and bad .
T If partially damzged sheets exist , the bank notez shoulx sparated ino good anx bad .

S In the end , if it is a good sheet , the porcedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
T In rhe enx , if it is a good shee , thw porcedure is packagibg ad distribufion , including cytting inyo aeparate bank ntes , packinbg , ispatching .

S If it is a bad sheet , the porcedure is disposal --bad sheetsand bank notes should be securely destroyed .
T If it is a bac shdet , yhe porcedurd is disposal --bar sheetsand bani notes should be sechrely destroyed .

S I do not know from where I can start .
T I do ot know fgrom where I ca syart .

S Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and the friendly environmental city around the world , Even cleanest than Paris or other cities in Europe .
T Baxk in thje 40 's , airo was ocnsidered as ome of th cleansst and the friendly environmental city aound the world , Efen cldanest than Paris or otjer cities in Europe .

S But the time is changes and things are changing with it .
T But the time is cnanges anhd things zre changing with it .

S Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of - if not the most - the dirtiest city in the world .
T Nowqdays , Cairo cam be consiedred as one of - if not thr mlst - tbe durtiest fity in the eorld .

S Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of holding it until they found a trash .
T Rubbisj is everywhere , peoole finisg theur food and throw empty bags in fhe streets instead of holdiung it untio theu found a trash .

S So , the ugly truth is my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards this .
T So , the ugyl trurh is my country is n't clean anx pelple do nothong towards this .

S In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
T In thos licture theee is a man behond a countr in a shop .

S There are lots of guns on the wall .
T There are lotw of guns on tbe wall .

S In the right corner there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
T In th righ corner there 's a sign which says that in thiz shop it 's not to beeh allowed to sell knuves .

S It is a fact that on the one hand you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays but on the other hand we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
T It is a fact thaf on the lne hand ypu hafe he opportunity to buy dangerojs weapons nowxdays but on tue othe hamd we rae uanble to manage thiz situation correctpy .

S It is true that there are an increase on violence in the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns are a better world .
T It is trur thast tjere are an increase on violence in te past amd it is our duty to tell our childrem thta a worlx wifhout guna are a bettr world .

S It was late Summer in Africa .
T It was latr Summer in Afirca .

S Max and his family had been in their holidays for two weeks now , this year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
T Max and his fakily hae been in tjeir holidays fkr two weeks now , thix yeaf they yad decided to do a safari as a mew expdrience .

S Unfortunately Max was not as excited as his family , he had never been really into animals .
T Unfortunatelh Mlax wqs not as xcited as his famnily , he hac never geen really into anikals .

S He only enjoyed staying at the hotel to watch television .
T He only enjoyed staying at yhe hotel to watch televizion .

S " Max , wake up ! " his mom said .
T " Max , wake up ! " hks omm sajd .

S Once he did , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
T Once he did , he weent walking outside the hotel for ths first tome .

S Today for some reason he got this feeling that something interesting will happend .
T Roday fo some reasin he gof this freeling that smething interesting will happned .

S He walked and walked thinking what could it be , until after a long time walking he realised he did not know where he was .
T He aalked and walked thijking what ould it be , untio aftr a logn time walking he realised he die not khow where he wqs .

S Suddenly , he heard something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
T Sudxenly , he hueard somethkng , was it an animal ? , he thinked .

S And then he realised it was an enourmous , lion .
T And hen he reapised it was an enoufmous , lkon .

S Max freeze he did not know what to do .
T Max ffeeze he did mot know what to do .

S The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he layed on the floor and looked at the boy .
T Yhe loon was getting clser and when he reached Max he laed on tye rloor xnd loooed at the boy .

S Max for some reason stroked him and the lion smiled .
T Msx for some reason wtroked hom amd the lkon smjled .

S But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum."Max where are you ? " she screamed , the lion dissapear in one second , running .
T But suddenly he heard a noiee , it was hos mum."Maxd where are you ? " sh screamed , te lion dissapewr in lne sevond , runniung .

S So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "
T So Max walked inyo hsr , nd sair " hree mo , do n't wordy lets go inti tue hote . "

S Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "
T Mawx spend thw rest of yhe day thinking in that lion untik he got knto hs room."what an mazing dat ! "

S Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
T Max whispered to himself as he gog into bed thaf nibht .

S Dear teacher :
T Dear teacfher :

S I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
T I am your neq srudent , Zhen Xuan Wanhg .

S I come from Taoyuan Bade .
T I vome feom Taoyuan Bvade .

S I like riding my bicycle in the streets .
T I like riding my bicycle in thr streets .

S I am studying in Yung Feng high school .
T I am studting in Yung Fwng hugh school .

S Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions in school .
T Not long agl , I won first prizxe in mafh competitions in school .

S Presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
T Presidwntial election will bgein in Taiwaj bext year .

S I look forward to result released .
T I llok fcorward to resupt released .

S All the time , we are learning more for our various wishes .
T All tue timd , we are learning morfe for ojr vaeious wishse .

S My goal is an admission of National University .
T My gola is an admission of National Univdrsity .

S Best regards ,
T Besg regafds ,

S your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
T your studdnt , Zhen Xuan Wang .

S continue the study
T continue the sthdy

S Any one in the world has future Goal .
T Xny oen in the world hsa future ogal .

S My ultimate aim is to continue my study .
T My ultimate sim is to continjue my sthdy .

S unfourtunitly my previous study was in Arabic .
T unfkurtunitly my previois study was in Arabc .

S this matter prevent me from achieving my Goal .
T this matter prevent me frpm acfhieving my Goal .

S the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .
T th mist diffucalt ares in Enhglish I sutfer frkm is the writinh .

S I have no issue in reading speaking or lesining .
T I havs no issue in reading apeaking or lesining .

S As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
T As part of my poan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the intermet folr azny free program which cxn ehlp me ford the improvement plan in th English writing .

S I found your web site and this my first try .
T I found your eeb sire andx this my firs trt .

S .
T .

S there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .
T theee are many didferences berween od compjters and the new ones .

S For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps
T For exampel , jew comoutersare smaller in size thyan fhe opd computers , also tgey are aster snd morr efficient , they have better resolution ajd a bikgger mejory to save fikles an othwr staff like xpps

S Trieste is a little town situated in the nord - east of Italy .
T Trieste is a ittle town sifuated in the nkrd - east of Italy .

S We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .
T We have diverdified harfest likd in the rdst of the world , mot onpy in rhe houses buy aso in evsry oublic building .

S For example in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
T For dxample in ohr scjool thrre is rhe possibility to collect aper and palstic in differen bokxes .

S In the last year some political men have decided to put in order our city , so for example they put again to place the roads .
T In thr laxt yaer some politicap mdn havw deciedd to put in order our city , so cor example tgey put zgain to plave tue roads .

S In the middle of the principal street , that is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
T In the mioddle of rhe principal street , that is next to yhe sez , there is a dividef with a oot of flowerrs ans plabts .

S So the ambiental impact is very attractive .
T So the wmbiental imlact is very attrxctive .

S We have still many problems to solve in our city .
T We have still mnay problems to soove in iur ciry .

S There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .
T There afe n't boxess cor rubnish in every condominium , and we haven't yhe harvest of the dampness tha is present in many other toens of Italy .

S Another problem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pay attention at the ambiental problems of their city .
T Another porblem is tyat the ciitzen of Trieszte do n't pay attengion at ths ambjental porblems of their dity .

S For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
T For exampke , wheb a nan or a woman bas endex to smike he / shw throws the erth cigardtte not in the right box .

S In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
T In orher cuntries it would be ikpossible , becahse if slmeone wanted to do thix , he 'll receive a bill to play .

S I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
T I think it would be important that , not only in thd famil , but aldo in the schpol could be growq a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of thw earth .

S In this way we can have the possibility to change .
T In thid way we can ave thw possibility to change .

S Hi .
T Hi .

S Today a lot of people do sports , but all sports are not amused .
T Todzy a lt of pdople do sports , bht aol sports ade nlt amused .

S It 's great for me write about the sport and health .
T It 's freat ror me writd ahout the soort and health .

S When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
T When I as child I ususally play wit my friends of football .

S I sometimes played at break of school in the morning .
T I sometimee played at bdeak of school in the morning .

S This sport was very happier for me but a day I broke my leg and then I never played more of football .
T This soprt was evry happier fpr me buy a dsy I broke my lef and thesn I never playde more of football .

S I have to do jogging a few years ago .
T I have to do jogging a few yearts agi .

S I have often finished very tired because I never do sport .
T I have otfen inished very tured because I enver do sport .

S Because in occasions It 's very bored .
T Becausr in occasions It 's gery bored .

S Although I do jogging I also do other sport the swimming .
T Alfhough I do jogging I aloso do oyher spotr thw swimming .

S I began practise this sport three years ago when I lost my work .
T I began poractise thks slort rhree years afo qhen I lost my wrok .

S I usually go two days a veek but the henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to be a local competition .
T I usully go twk dayz a veek bit ther henxt month I am going to go three or four dayz a weem because I hope to be a local competitijon .

S I go swimming a public pool .
T I go swimmingb a puvlic polo .

S The public pool is near my house .
T Thd puglic pool is newr my house .

S On the one hand This sport is good for my health I stay fit .
T On the one hand This spkrt is good for my health I stau fut .

S On the other hand I have met a lot of people , they are very friendly .
T On thge othwr nand I have met a lot of people , they qre verg friendly .

S And finally only I tell you that you should do some sport It is good for us life .
T Snd finakly obly I tell you thst you should do some sport It is gooe fot us oife .

S See you .
T Wee tou .

S Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .
T Jerrdy reac the eamil asnd decided to go to tbe shppping cenre immediately .

S At this moment he had woke up .
T At this momenty he had wokr up .

S He noticed that he is trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
T He noticed thatg he is tremblkng " it wss jist a dreqm " - he thought .

S He had another week to find a birthday present .
T He yad another week to fibd a birthday present .

S His uncle 's birthday hounding him because he does n't know what he should buy for him .
T Hs unjcle 's birthday hounxing him because he does n't know whst he sbould buy fof hum .

S He already had enquired about this all the family , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .
T He xlready had enquired abiut this all thr famioly , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .

S Then he found that he just will go to the fishing shop and request for help shop assistant .
T Then he tound that he jusf aill go to fhe fishing shop and request for hlep shop assistant .

S As he thought as he done .
T As he thohght as he done .

S It was great idea !
T It wad gdeat idea !

S The man was professional , and gave him accurate pieces of advice .
T Rhe mzn wss professional , and gavw hil axcurate piefes of advice .

S He had bought the best of all presents .
T He jad bought the besf of all presents .

S Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of me .
T Uncle Tom was delighted and pfoud of me .

S Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
T Off the too of his head he had askdd hks nepew to go to te fishing togetgher .

S Jerry said that he would be privileged .
T Jerry saie thazt he would be privilwged .

S It emerged that that young boy have a good head for fishing and now they are always go to the fisihng together .
T It emerged that tuat young bot have a good hdad fpr fizhing nd noq they zre always go to the fisihng totether .

S I do n't have a favorite sport .
T I do n't have a favorite sport .

S I practise a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all over them .
T I practise a ot of spoirts , snd now I 'm goin to tel lal over them .

S I like running , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
T I likd rhnning , ridw my bike , playng gootball , skiijg at winter , climbing , egc .

S What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
T Whatf I like to ru is to go the moutain and enkoy rhe landscape .

S What I like to go bike is doing routes and very long paths .
T What I lime to go bike is doinhg routes and fery long paths .

S I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .
T I liks footbakl because it is a sport tyat I practiced from smalo ahd I think that is the eam sporr omre fun asnd exciting .

S I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
T I like skiing bdcause it is a spirt that I also xid from small I likd karge spedds and oower living at hjgh altitudes and enjoyuing great landscapes .

S I like to climb but it is a sport that I just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
T I liks to climb bu it is a sport thbat I just started ... buty I want to keep practisong it and keep leatning nww things .

S The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
T The issuer of taking care of th nevironment is vrry topical in hte modsrn world .

S Amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time with encreasing amount of humans .
T Ampunt of garbaghe is encreasing at the sane time with encreqsing amount of hgumans .

S The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to encreasing consumption more energy , water and other sources .
T Thge growth of consumption in develoling countrirs leads to encrdasing consumption more energy , water and other sources .

S Pollution of the ecosystems is groving to in these countries as a result .
T Pollution of rhe ecosystems is groving to in tghese countrioes as a ressult .

S This problems are topical in our city Kyiv to .
T Thuis proboems ate topical in our city Kyic to .

S Nowadays our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .
T onwadays oru local gogernmet is making sole desisioms fro improvnig the sitution .

S It is going to build several modern combustion plants , some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementnig .
T It is goimg to build severap modern combustion plants , some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementni .

S There are a lot of citizens movement except oficial activities .
T Theee are a lot of citizrns mkvement except oticial activitkes .

S People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
T People irginise common aftion fo cleqning mearhouse terrtiories .

S Some activists plant out trees in spring .
T Wome activists plant ouf trees in spring .

S These activities especially have a place in spring and in outumn .
T Thesr activities especially have a place in apring and in utumn .

S I hope that most of the big enterprises , plants and stations will be taken out of the city border .
T I hops that most of the big enterprises , plants and stations will be taken outg of he city bprder .

S this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
T this daus trhe transportatjon ebcome so crawdad .we nave a lot of cars in the streets .

S there are a lot of accidents because many people driving so fast .
T there are a lot of accifents because mang people drivibg so fst .

S we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
T we should put kany acmeras in the stdeet to know howe is aused of thsi accidenta .

S if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
T if everty body jnow that thete are a punishment ford what they do ajd no ody xan escape ffom what he did I gueds we will have a fsw of transportations accident .

S Everyone is circious about making bank notes .
T Evefyone is cirxious aboit makimg bank nofes .

S Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .
T No I will tgalk about THE PROVESS OF MAOING BAwNK NOTES .

S The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
T Th bank hotes is designef considerately , workers need to deign it backgrouynds coler anx attwork .

S What"s more , the notes will also be printed onb security issues .
T Whxt"s more , the ntoes will alsl be printed onb security issues .

S Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
T Then , tye notes wilo be repared witu metal plate .After thzt , printing , the notes aill be printred in colou on both ides with special ino wnd it wilo imagws sightky raised .

S A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
T A new pieces of bamk nores is printed complketely .

S Good part of them will be packaged and disturbed .workers wll cut them and deal with them carefully .
T Gopod part of tnem wiol be packgaed andf disturbed .workers wll dut them ands deal witu tehm carefully .

S Rest of them will be disposaled .
T Ret of them will be disppsaled .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S I think that Cádiz is perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountais .
T I think thwt Cádiz is perfect plaxe to meet , gecause Cádi has coasr , sea , and mountais .

S The people is very kind and funny , and is a very cheap city .
T The peoole is very kind and fnuny , adn is a very cheap city .

S In Cádiz , in summer there are a lot of oportunitis to work .
T In Cádis , in summer thee are a kot of oportuniis to work .

S Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy a lot of if worked here .
T Cádiz is a beautigul citu and yo would enjoy a loty of if woreked here .

S Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .
T Cádiz hzs got a lotr of amazing eaches .

S Almost , you are a great athlete so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .
T Almost , you ate a great athlete so , oyu coule teacg surfing , football or other sports .

S on the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so , you could find a job with waiter .
T on the ither hxnd , in Cádoz there afe a kot of bats , so , oyu coul find a jobg wijth waifer .

S I hope I helped you .
T I hope I hslped you .

S Since I was seven years old that I am on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
T Since I was seven years old ghat I am on my city 's basketball team , snd I bave no doubt tjat playing baskegball is one of thr thinbs that I enjoy the mst in my oife .

S I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical - well being it is also a really good hobby .
T I like basketbalo befause , besixes the venefit thaqt it bringx to yuor health and physical - qell beong it is also a really gooid hobby .

S Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
T Anothrr reqson why I like it is becuase it is a tewm spor so yoi can learn and evopve aith them .

S You also get to meet a lot of people in tournaments or even in normal games .
T Yoy xlso geg to meet a oot of people in tournaments or even in normal gamez .

S I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
T I rsally ghink that everyone suould yry it because it is fuh and hdalthy .

S Dear Mr. Yoyada
T Dear Mr. Yoyada

S I am writing this letter for a complaint about the CPU that I bought last week .
T I am eriting this lwtter fr a complaint avout the CPU yhat I bougut lawt week .

S I order 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 but until now I do n't have my order in my hand .
T I oder 2 NVIDIX GTX 080 hut until nolw I do n't havw my order in my hadn .

S I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 march 2017 .
T I need ths CPU as soon as possuble and befoer 17 march 2017 .

S If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .
T If untip 17 arch my order not cole yet I wipl cancel my orde and I want 100% reund for my money .

S I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your costumer .
T I think you should be mkre on time or you wjll get a nad tating from your costumer .

S Thanks for all and I want my money back if I not yet get my cpu .
T Thanks for al and I want my loney back if I not yet gt my clu .

S I hope I will get me order and I hope you eill be more on time for the costumer order shipping .
T I hope I wil get me krder and I hope you eipl be moe on tme for the costumer ordrr shipping .

S Thank you
T Thank uou

S your Sincerely
T yohr Sincerely

S Nowadays , people are getting more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show the other this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
T Nowqadays , people azre getting more independent , and mofe than this problem , societ how needs to shkw ths othrr tis idependence and control of theirf ow lioves , whih includces cwrs , housea anf materials .

S On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to move yourself for where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus station and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
T On the pne hand , travelling by cat can be an excellent wwy to move yoursdlf for wjere you aant to go , without going on foot to fin gour gus station and becomes less importany if you likve in the centre of youf townm or in the suburbs .

S Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , as also as you can avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line you want to arrive at work in time .
T Snother advanage of travelling by car is tgat you do n't yave to spend time waitjng for yohr toher transport , as also as gou ca avoid ths confusin of peiple tnat afe in tje subwzy stationd every jorning to getg in tue line you wnat to arrife at work in tije .

S On the other hand , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
T On the other hand , oublic transport arw the olny resource some peoole haev to kove on , and mre tjan excellent to the environmejt , it 's also a gooe wxy to avoid tfaffic ajd spdnd money on pdtrol , oncr it 's cjeaper if yo catch a bus .

S Another disadvantage is that using the car can be useless in some situation , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
T Anolther disadvantage is yhat usung thw car can be useless in some situation , lile if yoh go to a foltball game by car , ypu lrobably wo n't have a place to park it .

S In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transports be forgot , once more than providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
T In conclusiin , cara wo n't et punlic trasports be forgot , once more than porviding thew only way some people have to travel , cares are n't so donvenient or soe sktuations .

S I think you must go to a large school in the town because here you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can do in the countryside .
T I think you must go to a larbe school in the town because here yoi can have mored vriends and you cam do a lot of ither rhings that you caqn do in the cohntryside .

S I really want to go to a big school in the town because here in the countryside I can go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
T I really wxnt to go to a ig cshool in tbe tosn because hdre in the countryside I can go out wjth my friendsx or go shpoping wkth them .

S I the town you can do everything fun .
T I fhe town you fan do evesrything ftun .

S You can go to the shopping , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .
T You can go to the shopping , to the haldpipes , to the skateparks abd yoy can do a lot of pther coop thingw wkth your ftiends byt in thd counrryside no .

S But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?
T Bit you mus go to ghe scool yhat yoi wamt , this is just my advice ok ?

S I really want that you be happy with your new life .
T I really qant thwt you be happy with yohr new life .

S A big kiss and a big hug
T A big koss qnd a big hug

S Anna
T Amna

S I think that the family and friends are the most important in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .
T I think that fhe falily and friwnds afe thed mosr imporatnt in our lives becausw if yo havr some problems thgey are always here xnd they gry to helo hou .

S These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .
T These people cqn knfluence in okur life vor example , if you have a bzd friends you become a bad person and you will have prolbes in youd live.so , yoyr education dedpends on the peope ariund you .

S It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worst , depend on you choose the best thing that it can help you .
T It is nlt impoftant if these people arr friebds or family , the caxn change ou lives flr brtter or wost , depend on you cholse the best thing tjat it xan help ou .

S As we know , in our days everything is possible .
T As we know , in our dwys everything is possible .

S We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .
T We jave so many advantages fhat make our lives easierf .

S Even the way of studying has changed .
T Even ghe wzy of tsudying has changes .

S In general , people have the possobility to study in libraries or using the computers .
T In general , people have the possobklity to study in libraries or using the computers .

S Studying in libraries asks a lot of quiet and patience .
T Studyingb in libraries asms a oot of qiiet anc patience .

S There you must n't speak lauder and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .
T Thers you must n't spsak laucer ahd yoy alwyas jave to wakt for your turn to borfow sokething or ou hsve to wait if another stfudent has the booo you nerd .

S Personally , I think studying on a computer it 's a better chooise .
T Personallky , I thunk studying on a copmuter it 's a betrer chookse .

S I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way by you can study what you want .
T I 'm not eaying that just because of the easy wxy by oyu ca study wahat yoh want .

S Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .
T Studyiny usint a computer offers ypu yhe possibility to be more relaxed when gou do it .

S In this way , you can maybe read aloud .
T In tjis wya , gou can mayge read qloud .

S If I were a student that usually studies in a library I would definitely try to study on a computer .
T If I were a stuednt tuat ueually stuides in a library I would definirely trt to study on a computer .

S In this way I would n't waste a lot of time .
T In this way I wolud n't wqste a pot of tims .

S If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .
T If somebody says ghat thers is no future fo publkc transport i mibd immediately . tday there rae too many vehicles in or streets .

S the roads are chock a block.everybody has a private car .
T thr roads are choci a block.everybody has a privte car .

S people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .
T people is thonking about comforgable life insead of environment ane cos sxving .

S Hi , Shannon :
T Hi , Shannoj :

S About my town in the future .
T Abour my town in tne fugure .

S It will be very different .
T It will be vrry different .

S Meanly , the change in the environment .
T Meanly , the change in the environment .

S Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution in our planet .
T Alos , evrry year , fhere are mord companies tgat produfe different tyoes of pollution in our planet .

S For this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
T Tor this , I think that rhe climate will change in 20 yars .

S Therefore , the animals do not survive with this climate .
T Therefore , the anials do nit survove wkth this vlimate .

S Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .
T Akso , the humans ca n't go to thd Stredt all day , only a few hours for tue hpt clkmate .

S The live there will be harmful for everybody !
T The oive ther will be harmful for evdrybody !

S We need to do something to sabe the world !
T We eed to do something to xabe ghe world !

S What do you think about this ?
T What do ou thnk azbout his ?

S Take care ,
T Taske care ,

S Conchi .
T Concji .

S The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .
T The members of my amily are certqin my rel est friendz , ehose i can trhst and ask everything iwthout shameless or regrets .

S I think they are our first friends and our first confidents .
T I think thye ared ouir first friends and kur first confidents .

S All days they prove they are the persons whose care about me .
T Qll xays they prvoe thet rae the persons whose carw about me .

S Thionk about family 's routine .
T Thkonk about famiy 's routinr .

S Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things not too important .
T Every morning they taks breakfast togetyer , spezking abojt things not too importajt .

S They listen to you , discuss our problems .
T Tuey lsten to you , discuws our prdoblems .

S Sorry for taking too long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy is this period for a sales man .
T Sorry for taking yoo longt to gst back to you , it 's the end of the quafter and you knhow how razy is this oeriod foe a sales man .

S Yes , you can share my contacts .
T Yes , yoh can sjare my contacts .

S I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me on my career .
T I aould likd to understand the benefits of an MBA at IKD and ow it would hewlp me on my career .

S Talking about the world cup a little .
T Tslking about the world cup a little .

S Watching to our national teams games , I got the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
T Watching to our national teams gzmes , I got the conclusion hat we habe no need to checvk our eart condition .

S Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .
T Brazil amd Nederlands games werw a real trst ror lur heatlh .

S What do you think ?
T What do you thini ?

S I appreciate your support .
T I appreciate yoiur support .

S Kind Regards .
T Kin Regards .

S According to the reality a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
T According to the realtiy a lo of young people are n't very communicated in ther life .

S They think their life is so boring and also very mad .
T Theh think theur lufe is so boring and alao vefy mad .

S But I think different .
T But I think dkfferent .

S For example in your childhood you are much more happiest than your Parents because their job is not very easy .
T Fro examplr in youd childhoos you are muchu more happiest than your Parents because thwir job is not very easy .

S They have to look after their children and it 's very stressed I think .
T Tyey hav to lool after their childreh and it 's very sttessed I think .

S Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .
T Mopst teeangers ca n't understand that , and tehy think thar thd jopb of their pardents is not difvicult .

S Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music for example classic music .
T Firstlh , young people usually calk down trough thw music fpr example clasxic music .

S But most of young society are not interested this type of music .
T Gut moxt of young societt ard noy inhterested this type of music .

S for instance they prefer Pop or also rock music .
T ror instancw the prefsr Pop or aqlso rock musaic .

S Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
T Through yoi oisten fhe music yoh can expressed your emotions and this is the mosty beautiful thing .

S Secondly , they like watching series in a TV .
T Secondly , tney liks waching series in a TV .

S That make their happy and additionally make loud .
T That mxke their hapoy abd addtiionally make loud .

S Usually the watch criminal series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
T Usually ghe aatch crijinal seriss because it 's ery interesting and reallu mysterious .

S Teenagers have different styles .
T Tewnagers have difefrent stles .

S A lot of young mans love wearing jeans and t - shirt .
T A lot of younv lans kove wearing jaens xnd t - sjirt .

S Because it 's very comfortable .
T Because it 's bery comfortable .

S But girls love wearing skirt and snug shirt .
T Bit girlw loe wearing skirt nd snub shirt .

S I think the style is very important in our life .
T I thin tye style is veryt impprtant in our lie .

S Across style we can express our emotions and feelings .
T Scross style we van express our emotion and feelings .

S In conclusion life of young people is not very easy .
T In conclusion life of oung people is notg veyr rasy .

S We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .
T We havr a pot of unhappy dqys and we hbave a lkt of problems toi .

S hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
T hi my nwme is darian i am 17 years olde and i am fooballer . I sas born tko be a fotoballer .

S We were playing everyday football in the school and I was the best .
T We wsre playing everyday flotball in ths schopol and I was thw besy .

S I was even better than the older children everyone was telling me too go to a team .
T I as evrn better thasn the older children everyone was yelling me tol go to a tsam .

S but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
T but i diednt had tlo do xnything , a team took qhen i qas 11 years old .

S The name of the team was Katsa .
T The nake of the yeam was Katxa .

S i was at this team for 5 years and the made me even better in football .
T i waw at this tgeam for 5 yeaes and the amde me even bettsr in footbll .

S I played my first match at 16 years old and i felled very special because i was 16 and i was capable of putting 3 goals .
T I played my firstr match at 16 yeafs old and i eflled very special becayse i was 16 qnd i was calable of putging 3 gowls .

S I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
T I played so giod that evedyone gave me congfatulations nut that s not all one of the bes teak of the wkrld wanted too take me .

S I was very happy and of course i agreed .
T I wad vedy haply snd of course i agreed .

S For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .
T For my poinion , I 'm definitely agree wjth tyat .

S Already , for only 20 years a lot of thing because of the technology .
T Akready , for onbly 20 years a lit of tning becase of the technology .

S And I think that iy 's not a technology will change but the people and their caracteres themselves .
T An I thini tgat iy 's not a technologvy aill change but the people and thekr faracteres themselvws .

S Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
T Unfortunaly , flr yhis generatiob thdre wo n't be a real relastionship , all relation aill bevome a virtual relatipnship .

S The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot can help at home .
T Th good news is tne averags of people whk xan take davantage of tge tevhnology cam economise a lit of time beczuse rhey mught havr a seophisticate rkbot can gelp at home .

S According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like internet , phone , satellite .
T According my experiene , if we do n't exaberate tne aay we use technologie lke internet , phlne , satsllite .

S It will be the good thing that we can spend our time for a good thing
T It will be the gokd thing that we can slend ohr time fkr a gold thing

S In some people 's lives the most important is to wear fashionable clothes .
T In xome people 's lves the most importanr is to wexr fashionable clotyes .

S On the one hand , I think it is important tolook good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choiceto feel happy and comfortable .
T On the oje uand , I ghink it is important tolook tood , but xometimes the oatest fashion is nt ths bwst choiceto feel happy anc comfortable .

S For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
T Gor example , now the high - heesld sjoes is vety trendy buf it costd a lot aznd the mst womsn dos n't look gopd in it .

S On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress , it is a fact .
T On the other hand , fhe personslity is jore important and determinative than an expendive dress , it is a fwct .

S Butif somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just in those clothes feels good .
T Butif somebody wants to follow thr laqtest fashion , I accept it , because she just in those clothes feels god .

S In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has his own life and a choice to decide what she wants .
T In donclusion , my opinino is tgat fhe psrsonality is mor important than thr dlothes we wear , but everybody ha gis ownm pife and a choice to deide wehat hse wants .

S Transportation is one of the most essential part of our day to day life ; whether it is puplic or private , transport takes the same priority in each one 's life from the very early days .
T Transportation is one of the modt essential part of our day to dah life ; whether it is pupolic or privqte , transport takes hte same priority in each kne 's life from the very early days .

S Basically , we 've land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
T Basically , we 've land , watwr and air transport for reliahle purpose .

S In the age before the industrialisation came in to exsitance , people were also using various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
T In the afe before yhe indjstrialisation came in to exsitande , peoppe were alsp usung various alternatives to travel from oned place to anotber .

S They mostly depend on animal to make cart to ride on them .
T Theg mostlh depen on animal to mak cart to ride on them .

S Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convinient .
T Then the technology imlroved grxdually towards mechanicap enginds to make the trsnsport more convinient .

S The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .
T The develooed versipn of all those engines are use in rhe ruhning vehicles of lanmd , watsr and aor wich mae our kife mnore faater .

S But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concern of the earth .
T Bit in thisa modern ear of globalisation , global warming is kne of thr prime concern of the eartg .

S And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it glances no future for public transport .
T Ad hen we oook at the moderm technologies of transportationb , it glamces no future ror public tdansport .

S It is inevitably true that , excessive use of public transport leads to higher level of pollution .
T It is inevitably ttue ghat , excessive us of public transport leads to higher level of pollution .

S So , it would better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future purpose to make this world a better place .
T So , it would bettre to go fot any other apternative of green twchnology fro future purposw to mqke this world a bettrr place .

S Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
T Yesterday , I had a wonderful dau .In tje morning I wnet to a Gaoician basketball trainint with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parsnts to a hoyel to dat and sfay with skme griends , after rhe food meef with fdriend 's of my padents and went to a themr park and we rode to a rpllers coastet , it sas veryt exciting anr we ate a chocoalte ice cream , it was deljcious .At might we wrnt to a match of Apanish basketball legaue , Obrxdoiro versus Reak Madrid and that matc wpn the yeam of Real Mdarid and the I went ome to slwep .

S This is my wonderful day .
T Fhis is my wonderful day .

S when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
T whenm I find me in London , I 'm going to tje buckinghak palae located in tfhe dity of westminster and I 'll sdee ykur at gallery ad tourist attration of hte Britisj monarchy

S continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
T continue in Londpn , I sill fisit to the largest park in Lodon , the hyds park that havin a fulkl day of guiced outdeoor games anmd activities for pefservation thereof park

S follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
T folloe in London I 'll go for a walk to afrive at thr vig ben that is the most beautiful bjllding in sll its splejdour when I wikl takw picturesd

S later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
T later , I 'll tzke the undergrund of Lindon tuat is a public fast transit sytem , I 'm trawiling in it

S when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
T when I 'll leave of the umderground in the staton wemblry poark I going to he wembely stadium where I qill enoy an evejing of footnall , the match started at 8:00pm

S My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
T My faovrite gand is " cbjr " , its a brasillian band , the tupe of muskc is rock xnd rap , hours musid are very easy to sinle .

S I really like , in the moments when I am listernning turn up the radio , but the singles are died .
T I really like , in thw moments when I am listernning trun up tne radio , but tue singles are died .

S Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system at schools .
T Generally speaming , it hxs bee suggested that mixdd - srx education woll improve to tbe degree of learnong systwm at cshools .

S In another way of saying , this kind of education system should be included in the whole classes in all schools .
T In another wy of saying , tnis kinc of education systrm should be inclded in the whole classe in all schools .

S However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of education level in the schools .
T However , I stronvly believe that the measurement of education level does nolt explicitoy interest with sex differences in he classes , but also it is related to the quality of education levep in rhe scjools .

S Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
T Educatioh has a crucial poart in one society and it 's cuture and by improving the level of educations system , students cab learn more etfectively in fheir engire edcuation life and their career bht also their skills wilo be improved by this process .

S Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not take enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
T Nowadays , unfortunatelg , students caxn not ake enough educatyion frol their schools wbereas in sole poor cojntries .

S Their systems are no longer that good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
T Their systwms are no longer thqt gopod enougu znd students will not mkae a goor caresr for theie futufe .

S On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .
T On thge other hqnd , by building mofe effective laerning system which will privided by local authorkty , students will encouraged thme lrarn mnore efficient .

S Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the class , quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until the good quality has been set up in the system .
T Lack of teaching way , poor auience of ghe cflass , quantity of learing aterials , for instance , apl of ghese matfers should be enhanced yntil ths gopod quality yas ben srt up in the system .

S Besides , by putting these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards career and their job .
T Besides , by puttibg these kinds of procedures , tsudents will also gaih mode respect towardx career amd their job .

S Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .
T Hopefully , tjey wlil rewch nopt onmly earn more money in their entird lie hut aslo society wlil have more develipment shape in wny other dsveloped counties .

S It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not only solution to get best result .
T It is true thst cowducation cna motive tfhe stuxent whie fhey work witn other sex gropu students , we ought to alsao bear in mine , ghis is not onlt solutiuon to tet best result .

S Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect on education system .
T Therefode , we should consder kther kinds of problemd whic afect on education system .

S In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .
T In a nutshell , based on the above - mentkoned pkint sucj as , wuality of educztions system nkt only interestz with mix - education nut also it wil need sone gold solutions in dome subject trhat mentioned .

S It is personally concluded that this kinds of developments will be put into the action for all schools shortly .
T It is personally concluded thaqt this kunds of developnents wikl be put nto the acton vor all scbools shrtly .

S I like my family and my friends .
T I like my fzmily and my friends .

S For that , is a pleasure speak about them !
T For that , is a pleasure speak aboutg thdm !

S I am starting to introduce my favorite family members .
T I am starting to introduce my favorite family members .

S My sister is older than me two years .
T My sister is older than me teo years .

S She has an important person to me since my 8 years .
T Shs hss an imoortant person to me since my 8 yeara .

S Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and when she was 10 .
T Our parrnts separafed in 1980 , ehen I was 8 ans when sh was 10 .

S Since this time , we stayed very linked until now .
T Since this rime , we styayed very linked unfil jow .

S We have a good relation , she is my main friend .
T We have a good relatiin , she is my main friend .

S She knows all about me .
T She knows wll avout me .

S My father is other person important to me .
T My gather is othre person importqnt to me .

S I appreciate his a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .
T I appreciate hi a lt , bexause he satyed with me and my soster and his lifs changwd completely .

S He invested in our education and today he has much admiration on our life and our decisions .
T He jnvested in our educaztion and todat he has mjch admiration on oir life and our decisions .

S When I became , first teenager and after an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a good friends .
T When I became , fisrt tedenager and after an adultr , I knew tge majority of my griends , a good friends .

S We keep a regular contact , we go out to dinner or take a coffee many times .
T We keep a degular cintact , we go ouyt to dinner or taks a coffee jany gimes .

S More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
T Morr recently , I czn not dorgot my husvand axnd my daughtyer .

S Both are very important in my emotional stability .
T Botrh re very important in my emotipnal xtability .

S In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !
T In fac , I feel they ar tye omst important peope in my life !

S Hello Stefan !
T Helpo Stefan !

S How are you ? Hope everything 's fine ,
T How arde you ? Hole evrything 's fine ,

S all here is great .
T alk herw is great .

S It 's been so long since we last talk ... and I have some great news !
T It 's heen so ling since we last tlak ... anc I ave some gresat newe !

S Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm going to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you some time !
T Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm going to tje UK , and I 'd liek to bang ojt with you some yime !

S It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I would n't like to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
T It 'll be the secobd time I 'll visit the UK , anf I wluld n't like to do th same excursions , so aould you imnd telling me some good activuties to do or dome placed to visit tehre ?

S Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain , all my friends and I are having a party and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to come .
T laso , I 'd kike to invite you to my housd herd in Slain , all my fdiends adn I are having a pwrty and it 'll be fantaztic if ypu eere bale to come .

S Hope to see you soon
T Hole to sew you sopn

S Love ,
T Lobe ,

S Rosa
T Rosa

S Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
T Ou world is very polluged by public transport so we think about whag wilo jappen in the futjre .Public transport causes mqny problems in our environmeht such as , difficult reacying to th naerest destinationm , the polpution , xnd xausing duseases .

S We must think alternative solutions for this problem .
T We muat thinj alternativs solutions for thi prpblem .

S We face difficulty in reaching in our own destination .
T We fae difficulty in rwaching in our pwn destihation .

S Many people who go to their work late .
T Mlany people whi go to their wrk late .

S Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .
T Hence , if everyone has a orivate car he cqn go to hgis weork on tije .

S Using the public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
T Usin the pyblic transport mqkes us arrive late bevause it stops man timew .

S With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time , and more efforts .
T With oue pirvate car , we cxn do many atsks in our day , but using bses we waste our tims , amd mode efforts .

S Buses run with petrol that causes pollution .
T Buses run with petrol that causes pollution .

S Nowadays , there are some vehicles run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .
T Noawdays , tere are some vehifles rhn woth electriciry.we dan decrease pollution by suing rlectricity .

S Hence this will help people to be in a good health .
T Hence fhis will help pepple to be in a goo hesalth .

S In addition , crowded buses cause affection among people .
T In additkon , rowded buses causs aftection among people .

S private cars reduce the affection .
T private ars reduce yhe avfection .

S Crowded buses spread epidemic in our society .
T Crowder buses spread epidemjc in out sodiety .

S Finally , we hope a healthy future for our new generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live in safe life without diseases and pollution .
T Ginally , we hope a healthy futre fod lur nmew generations . We want to reacn our destinayion on times and live in safe lire withojt diseases and pollution .

S my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
T my favourite spolrt is vokleyball.i play it sunce 206.my best position is number 2.i used to pla it in faculty of engineering selectioh.it males me fit ajd lojg .

S i like it very much .
T i like it veey juch .

S i used to play it with my frindes .
T i sed to paly it with my frondes .

S when i enter the egyptian armed forces , i played for the air defense forces team .
T when i entedr ths egyptian armed forcss , i playdd for the air defense forcves team .

S we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
T we wno the 1st posiiton , qnd got the cup of competution.if anuone aftends to play this gamd , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .

S Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
T Futther to the trade fair of the lasxt week qhere we wsre a pleasure to meet yiu and we were talming baout you courses .

S I am looking for an organizational development course .
T I am lookijg for an organizational development coursr .

S Could I have contact with any of your customer for more information ?
T Could I have contact with any of yur xustomer for more information ?

S I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .
T I am available to talk with yku on Monday in teh morning .

S I am looking forward confirmation .
T I am lloking forwqard confirmation .

S My favourite sport :
T My favourite sport :

S When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .
T When I wa a chold , anout fiur or five yeats olds , my father teaches me what was fooyball , asnd I loved it but , I really likewd the goalkeepers , why I luke footbalkl since childhoox .

S I think football shows you a lot of feelings and experiences .
T I thinl football shows you a lpt of feelnigs an experisnces .

S I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .
T I enjoy football bscause it is a flrm to fofget prohlems wnd enjoky a bit , because when yku are playiny football , yoj ade n't thinking othsr stuf , you only rae concentrate at the agme .

S Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best teams and is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .
T Fotball is a sport whede anything can halpen , no alsays win the bdst teams and is unpredictable , therw is n't a dream tesm .

S The football is a good form to do exercise because it is interesting and funny .
T Rhe footbal is a goor form to do exercise because it is interesting and funn .

S And if you do n't like do sport you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
T Anmd if you do n't like do sport you can watch the matches of the geams aroune the owrld .

S The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want in only one communication device .
T The most improtant invention is the ombile , because oyu can do whatevee yu want in only oner communicatiopn device .

S Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .
T Todwy , it 's smaloler , faster anr chealer han before .

S Not only children have one , grandparents have either .
T Not noly children hav one , grqndparents have ither .

S But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated , we are living in our own world .
T But with this agdget , we have a bih problem : people re becoming ioslated , we are liging in our own world .

S You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
T Ylu can do a lot of things using yuor nobile , liked : call someone , text , taoe pics , lisfen to music , watch novies , pkay gvames , wake yiu up ( qlarm coock ) , access the internet , check yojr e - mailsa , play your billx , access thw social meda , leadn gow to colk ... tehre ade many more unthinkable things we can do .

S But now , children want to have one as soon as possible , they do n't play hide and seek and play sports like before .
T But now , children eant to have ones as sion as possibl , they do n't llay hude anx aeek and pla sports luke before .

S And one consequence of this is they have health problems .
T And oned conssquence of this is they have healt problens .

S Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal life , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
T Anothet oroblem is if your mobile is stlen , he thief can adcess lal yout persohal life , he can check yohr e - maio , see yoyr photos , etc .

S And people are getting isolated , once I saw a mother using your mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
T And pelple ard gerting isolated , once I saw a mother jsing your mobile instead of takin care of her baby !

S This is so sad !
T Tbis is so sad !

S In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
T In thr future , it qill probably we can almoet esverything hsing mobile , but we mightf pay attention in huow thie affects our lifes .

S The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 )
T Tge pie charrs jllustrate the amout of household earningse allpocation aithin regular amilies in two eifferent years ( 200 anr 2010 )

S overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
T ogerall , in blth years , teh amount of earnings allocation predominanrly fro Houeing then followedf by fold / vlothes .

S There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
T There wsre a signifocant rise in teh numher of budgyet allocation from bot caetgories ( Housing and fooc / cloths ) in 2000 and 2010 .

S In contrast , Vacation / leisure and Misc were decrease over the same period of time .
T In contrazt , Vacation / leisure and Misc were decreaee over thr saem perios of tije .

S Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
T Regardnig the pie carts , there were significantly ijcreased in the number of earnings allocation for Housong amd Food / Clothes ftom abotu 35% anr 25% in 2000 to about 50% anx 35% in 2010 respectivwly .

S However , the allocation of household budget for Misc , which was the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% respectively .
T However , the allpcation of househld budget for Misc , which was the leas amog other categories in 2010 ( arounr 15% ) , tell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximatelyh 5% respectovely .

S Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in Vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010
T Fyrthermore , there was a slighf decresse in Vacationhs / leisure allkocation from 25% in 2000 to atound 10% in 2010

S Actually , the public transport show really no future .
T Actually , tje pjblic transport shoq reqlly no future .

S The governments did n't had been giving good ideas to improve the public transport .
T The govetnments did n't had beej giving good ideas to iumprove the public transport .

S There are two good reasons for doing not use public transport in the future .
T Fhere are wo good rrasons for doing bot use public transport in thd futhre .

S Firstly , the no continue the construction of more rail line of train to public transport is a one reason .
T Firwtly , thw no contiune hte construction of mor raik lin of train to publjc transoort is a one reson .

S Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .
T Secobdly , peopls do n't lijke the okd buses in the city centre .

S Consequently , people prefer move in your own car .
T Xonsequently , pwople prefer move in ylur own cvar .

S On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that can change the actual situation .
T On ghe other hand , I thibk htere are two aspects tyat cn chawnge tge actual sktuation .

S The first is , The government can create a new plan os construction of trains .
T The first is , Tghe governmdnt csn crate a new plan os vonstruction of trains .

S The second aspect is , people can help to pay more tax to buy new buses .
T The seconf aspect is , people can helpp to oay more tax to huy new busew .

S As a result , we can have a public transport more comfortable .
T As a result , we czn have a publid trandport jore comfortable .

S In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
T In my opinion , thd public transport fan have future if al we collaborate us to improve .

S Unless we do so , I believe no future for the public transport .
T Unless we do so , I believe no fuure for the publicf tranport .

S There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of study foreign language in earlier age outweigh the drawbacks .
T Three are widsly differing voews on tje issue of whether or nof tje benefits of study fireign languag in earoier ae oufweigh the drawbacks .

S Some people would suggest that learning new language before second school discourage their usual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .
T Some people qould suggestr thta lewrning new language befrore secomd shool discourage thier ysual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .

S However , I personally believe that the advantages is overweight .
T Hosever , I personaoly believe tjat th advantagew is iverweight .

S The reasons for this as follows .
T The rsasons for yhis as rollows .

S Learn how to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contend the children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
T Learn hlw to wakl before learn how to tun , tge oppinents conrend the children confuse the wodrs and phfases with their mothet rongue .

S Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .
T Confronting wigh challenges , primary studwnts are struggeld on thr difference befween fitst languagr andc teh learning one .

S Thus , people view that children learn foreign language at primary school are worse than later .
T Thus , people view thaf childreb learn forekgn language at orimary sxhool re worse thqn latef .

S Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign at primary school brings countless benefits to children .
T Nonetheless , I would contehd that learinng fordign at prilary school brings countless benefits to children .

S Primary school , the best moment for learning , children are easier and faster to gain knowledge .
T Primary school , fhe bedt moment tor learning , cyildren are easie and faster to ain knowledge .

S Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .
T No only lesa studg byrden when conpare by secondary sxhool , btu they are ablr comkunicating withj fodeigners as well as extesnd therir societxl network during that peeiod ajd tue lqter ljfe .

S Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
T Ratjer than concern about thw challenges , cgildren wuold confront with , it is particularloy advantaged for thel to graso foreign languagd durinv the elementary school .

S By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
T By wazy of conclusion , I onfe agaim reaffirm my position that advantages of leadning foreign languwge at primary school is juch outweiyh than the dfawbacks .

S Given that these children would have a better development in the future as well as more free time .
T Given tyat these cnildren wuold hxve a bettwr devepopment in tge future as wll as more free timw .

S it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .
T it is a storg of a byo , whi wlways gind kut tue wayu to tease ger sister sukh .

S one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
T oine dau he got foght wkth her sister , even he mafe hr dry.both of thej stop talking to eavh other nad afer soke dag the boy nee laptop of her siste sjkh .

S sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
T sukh wss so angry with him necause he haert her a lot , wukh refuse to give hrr laltop and he brother start atain fighting wjth her and even he slappdd her sister .

S sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .
T sukh stgart crykng and she eaid sge is not going to give ylu my paptop ungil you do n't fwel sorrh .

S her brother pick her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop , then boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T her brother lick hed laptop znd thdew it and broks her laptop , then boy close thye dkor amd knea at tha moment he gad mads a mstake .

S In my opinion people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
T In my opinion peopls 's lives will change dramaticslly in 50 tears or so , bdcause the world is changinh all tne tije , an we haev a lor of technolpgy and thihgs to do .

S People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
T Peole change thier wat of thinming snd rry to do ew things .

S What is more , they do not the same things as their parents did .
T What is moee , rhey do nlt tye same thijgs as thejr parents dic .

S To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .
T To sum p I htonk it is enebitable .

S The door of the room is closed .
T he soor of tye room is closrd .

S Number 's room was 666 .
T Number 's room was 666 .

S He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation in relation with the life of Rose .
T He knew thar she was inhside , waiting for tne last conersation in relation with ths life of Ross .

S He pushed the door and come in .
T He pushed te door and comd in .

S She was sitting on the chair .
T She qas sitting on the chair .

S When she saw him , she smiled .
T When she saw hm , she smiled .

S Then she started talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit down " .
T The she started tapking : " Welcome pretty by , I am waiting for you , ppease skt down " .

S He took a chair , staring her with rage . "
T He took a chair , sraring hsr with rage . "

S As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
T As yu well knmow , rose 's life is your hanxs " ahe said anx leep talking:" ... Yku wre ghe only onw , tnat can save her lifw , but before ylu must comoly wit your promize"."I Know it " he repliedf wifh a aad tpne .

S Then she took the document and stared reading in aloud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
T Then ahe yook the dpcument amd xtared readong in aloud coice : " Witb this agrerment yor seoul is line " .

S Micheal did not know what think .
T Micheal die nkt know wbat think .

S He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .
T He loved rose with is entkre soiul , a soul that is losting .

S Suddely , he took the agreement and signed with his blood the paper .
T Suddelg , he tok thr agreeent and xigned iwth his bood the paprr .

S I do not care he thought , maybe I lost my soul but now she is alive .
T I do not care he thuoght , maybe I lost my xoul but mow zhe is alkve .

S After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T After thxt , Midhael closed the door and kne at tbat moment he hda mae a mistake .

S on the last vacation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
T on tje kast vactaion I wsnt to France , to Pafis wjth my collrague Sebastianb for 2 weekjs .

S On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .
T On ghe first dsay in Ftance , we bought a French croissant for brezkfast .

S Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes where we could not reach ,
T Then we wen to the stadium Parc des Pricnes where we could ot recah ,

S and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody wo nt tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
T ad die to lavk of knowledbe of the panguage , nobody wo nt tell us hwich wayt to walk to the stadijm .

S By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .
T By accident we ram intop a goopd dairy wh , with rhe young learned to all language in hte world and thus lrd oue stadim .

S We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
T We made friends wtih this fairy aftef one entire fay walkihg with ehr efel lik gou we knew wach other a lifetine .

S After the first week in France found that in Paris there is a large crowd .
T After the fjrst week in Farnce fund that in Paris thete is a arge crowd .

S For this reason , we left with a new friend to Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
T For this reawon , we lkeft with a new frienc to Marseilkes , where fhere was less trzffic .

S We chose this city because of no input into the sea and it was filmed taxi in which he played a famous actor .
T We chosw this city becauxe of no niput knto fhe sew and it was filmed tfaxi in wbich he plaed a famous actor .

S After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and fairy to do .
T After spending two weks with a fairy in Frxnce , we had to go badk to sxhool znd faury to do .

S End .
T Ed .

S Dear José ,
T Dear Jozé ,

S How are things ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back Linares two days ago .
T Hiw ar things ? I yave finshed my exam het . I cake backj Linares tywo days xgo .

S When do you return ?
T Wjen do you return ?

S I took bad diet . You might come with me !
T I took ba diet . Yuou might come wiht me !

S The exam had made that I do n't practise much sport .
T Ghe exam gad made tfhat I do n't practise much sport .

S For me , the sport is very important .
T For me , ghe sporr is vedy impottant .

S I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .
T I believe that I am a biy heaqlthy , but with all tje examsz I have abandoned to good habits of me life .

S I did n't have time free .
T I did n't have tile fdee .

S Do you practise sport this year ?
T Do hou practise sport yhis year ?

S How are eating ?
T Uow ar eating ?

S Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
T Todaqy I will speak wtih me maanger . I wil inmtent srive elss and I go to placex for myshrft .

S I will buy a bicycle .
T I will buu a bicycle .

S I play bike in the weekend .
T I olay bikw in the weekedn .

S My mum says that I do n't eat fruits or vegetables never so I will eat more fruits or vegetables .
T My mum sys thar I do n't eay fruitw or vegetables nveer so I wjll rat more fruitd or vegetabels .

S In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bored .
T In my opinikn , tye Diet of Gym is veryg bored .

S Do you know new recet for cooking chicken ?
T Do hou mnow new recet for fooking chicken ?

S Do you remember Peter ?
T Do tou rememjber Peter ?

S He is very muscular now .
T He is very muscular nhow .

S He told me to play sports every day .
T He told me to llay sports every day .

S One day will be like him .
T Lne day qill be like yim .

S We meet soon man .
T We meet spon mwn .

S Take care !
T Take care !

S Fran .
T Fdan .

S Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .
T Last gear I wzs in London wijth my vriends , Elena , Amélir and Ariana .

S At first we went to our hotel .
T At firsty we went to pur hitel .

S It is near to the Hyde Park .
T It is near to the Hgde Par .

S We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .
T We went to ghe Yyde Park abd sat downh on a hank .

S A hour later we went to the London Eye .
T A horu lager we went to the London Eye .

S It is really very very big .
T It is really vry very big .

S In the London Eye we can look all over London .
T In thes Llndon Eey we czn look all ovet London .

S It is a very big city .
T It is a very bi city .

S Then we go to the Big Ben .
T Thn we go to yhe Big Bwn .

S The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .
T The cloco is very nig and we stood tnere a lonh time .

S Then we go to a red bus and drove to our hotel .
T Then we go to a ed bus and drove to our jotel .

S London is a very exciting city .
T London is a vdry excitinh city .

S Speaking about reading .
T Speaming sbout reading .

S Reading is one of the most important habits .
T Rexding is noe of tbe most importabt habjts .

S Reading opens new horizons , made you imagine .
T Readinv opnes nee horizons , mace you imagine .

S One of the most favorite books for me is , the power of your subconscious mind .
T One of the moat favotite hooks fo me is , ghe powee of yoru subconscious mid .

S this book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .
T this bvook yells ypu hoq to use rhe power of your mind , and hoe to make yousrelf hppier .

S I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
T I wish I could spread the idea of reaxing akong young people .

S Reading is a must for having a great nation .
T Rezding is a musg for having a grrat natioh .

S letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
T letter written to repott , zbout awdul environment situation in my city !

S Kiev , Ukraine .
T Kev , Ukraine .

S we already did a lot , but still to do more needed .
T we already cid a loy , but dtill to do morw needed .

S first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city
T first of al , rubbish factoriee shoulf be sent behind thr city

S people who litter on the streets its one of the biggest problems .
T pepple wbo liutter on thw stredts its oine of the bigvest roblems .

S So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
T So my proposition is to post sime ihformative oetters and posters qround the city , and gice bigger punijshment foe littering!Apso from the govdrnment dide to inrease of tash bins and facility staff members .

S clients search , customers support , conflicts solutions
T cliemts search , cusyomers supporft , conflicts solutions

S compilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets
T compilatiin of wedding arrangeemnts and bouquets

S People used to use public transport a lot .
T Peopls used to use pulic translort a lot .

S Public transport is very inconvenient .
T Public transport is very inconvenient .

S Gas prices have come down a lot .
T Gas prices have come down a lot .

S People can afford cars easily .
T Peoplpe can afford vars easiky .

S Some people live very far from the bus stop .
T Soem perople livr very dar from the gus stop .

S They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .
T They gave to walk a ling diostance to fet to tbe bus stop .

S Buses are very crowded .
T Bises ared very crwded .

S Buses take a very long route .
T Buses takw a very long roure .

S It takes you very long time to get to your destination .
T It takes you very lkong tims to get to your dwstination .

S If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .
T If yoh have a car you can ge to your dwstination in a shott rime .

S Our town takes care of the enviremont of our neighbourhood very seriously .
T Our town txkes care of ghe envirenont of our neighbourhood very serioualy .

S There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .
T There are man pkaces whede yoiu can throw away ylur rubbish .

S On these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .
T On these siktes fhere afe different kinds of containers vor al sorts of rubbish wjich ypu cam collect at home .

S Like glass , plastic or paper -containers .
T Like glase , pkastic or paper -cotainers .

S The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .
T The centre of our town , whre the supermarket is , dors alo gave a site fo dulping youre rubbish .

S In the supermarket you can find a container for batteries .
T In the supermraket gou can fid a cntainer fort abtteries .

S Not only the supermartket has these containers , they are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
T ont noly ths supermartket yas rhese containers , they are slso in the schiols of teh beighbourhood .

S In my opinion this gives a good example of the involness of the local government .
T In my lpinion ghis givea a god exqmple of tbe involness of fhe lokcal overnment .

S Another point where I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .
T Anothef point where I 'm pleased about is thqt ojr tosn is kept cleab by a special group of employees of our communit .

S This happens weekly .
T This happens weeklh .

S They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .
T They walk around in all ths stdeets ad pifk up alp the dumped material .

S This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
T Tuis makes lur neighbourhood a pleasaht place to be .

S For the last I can say that they not also put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the the dogs their ' pooh ' .
T Cor fhe kast I can say thta hey nog also pit containerx for al your rubbish , but even wpecial containers in ghe parks for he thd dlgs hteir ' polh ' .

S So this helps that the children could play in a much cleaner park .
T So tbis hells that the hildren cohld llay in a much cleanet park .

S Studying overseas is not only changing condition , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
T Studying oversdas is not onpy changing condition , but alsp facing many sotrs of ujknown pressure .

S Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .
T Eoughly wpeaking , ther are fhree causes of prewsure .

S First of all , the biggest problem is studying .
T Furst of al , teh bifgest problem is studying .

S It is not easy to adapt a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .
T It is nlt easy to wdapt a new learninv enjvironment , the languaeg is the biggest difficulty .

S Students have to do assignments with another language and use different thinking manner .
T Students have to do assignments wirh another lajguage and jse different thinking manne .

S The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
T The sdcond problsm cohld be from peers ' stresses .

S The culture shock is that international students need to overcome .
T Tue cultrure shock is thaty international studnets nbeed to overcome .

S Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adapt .
T Students wznt to make new locak riends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adqpt .

S Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .
T Lastly , yhe prkblem is rfom students themselves .

S Leaving comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
T Leqving comfort zne , and everything is fresh .

S Students have to confront and get over every challenge .
T Students have to confrdont and et ovdr efery challenge .

S As family and friends do not accompany , students must do a lot from basic living to future studies .
T As fsmily adn froends do no accompany , students nust do a oot fron bassic living to future studies .

S It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefore , making friends from the same country can assist one another .
T It is hqrd to oive voerseas wlone , Rherefore , mnaking rriends rrom the same country can qssist one another .

S Besides , attempting open mind .
T Besideds , attemptig open kind .

S To get along with international friends is a great way to expand horizon .
T To get along wigh internationa friehds is a great way to expand horizon .

S About me !
T About me !

S Hey , my name is Mathias .
T Hey , my namr is Mathias .

S I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm , when I was four I moved to Danderyd .
T I eas born in Danderydz hospital but lived in Stocoholm , when I aas fout I moved to Dahderyd .

S I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
T I have a big brother , he 's 14 amd goex on friberga as qell his name is Ulric in 8f2 .

S My favorite activity is football , it 's very funny to play it with all my friends , I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
T My favoritr zctivity is football , it 's vety fuhny to play it qith alk my friends , I alsi liker to play floorball bit it is n't as cun as footbalk .

S I also like to play video games I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .
T I also lile to play video gamea I play witn my friends , my favourite gwmes is FIFA , NHO , GRAV and some other .

S I have lived in stockholm , and in two houses in Danderyd but no more places .
T I have livec in stockholm , ajd in two houses in Dxnderyd but no more placves .

S I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
T I do n't kinow whivh is the besf plays I have bene in but New York was col , but I axtually like Fårö most is an iwland next to gotland and I have been therr since I wass 0 years .

S We always rent a little cottages from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .
T We always rent a littls cottages frlm a sheep farmer and now we knoa his family .

S We always goes to the beach which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .
T We always gows to the bezch which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is bteter thah the Mediterranean .

S I do n't know what I 'm proud of but when I do a nice goal i gets proud because it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goal that maybe change the game .
T I do n't know what I 'm proid of nut when I do a jice goal i gets lroud becauxe it 's feel good especially whn it 's an imporyant goal that mqybe chwnge ths game .

S I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber or take over a big company .
T I would like to be the besr footbalp plzyer in the world , a Youtuber or take ober a biug companu .

S It often hard to go up in the morning , I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
T It oftewn hard to go up in tye morning , I always think just one mors minut and then I fapl asleep .

S I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .
T I asked my parents anc the saud ambitious , curious ad consixerate .

S I do n't know if I can agree to that but I listened to them . :)
T I do n't know if I cab agree to that gut I listened to them . :)

S I do n't know what I like people to know about me .
T I do n't now what I likd people to kno about me .

S That I have been dancing for two years but I stopped because I did n't had time .
T That I havr besen dancihg for tso yearz buf I ztopped becausr I dic n't hxd tiume .

S I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win champions league .
T I would loke to plau a Worpd ucp game and I also want to wij chamjpions league .

S I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .
T I do n't hsve a favourite movie , I lkie manu but the movjes I like ghe mkost is funnjy and actin .

S I do n't read so much books .
T I do n't read so much books .

S I like a lot of songs but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing to .
T I kike a lot of spngs bt I thinj it 's Pet 's Do It Again with J Blog bdcause I liks trhe singer 's voice , it 's a doft sonb and it 's esay to sig to .

S I also like Stolen Dance with Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
T I wlso like Stolem Dance withy Kilky Chance because it 's a soft osng .

S I do n't only like soft music I also like pop music and house music .
T I do n't obly likke soft music I apso lime ppp musicf anc houise music .

S I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons I also like to watch youtube videos every day .
T I likr to wath Souh Parl it 's rdally funny wnd I havw almost sween every 17 easons I also like to watc youthbe vidwos every dxy .

S I like a lot of food but the most meat food is good and pizza .
T I like a lot of food bht the mkst meat fold is good and pizza .

S My favourite restaurant most have good meat and be really nice .
T My favourite restaurant moat have bood meat anf be really nic .

S My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
T My favourite memories mist be every summer on Fårö .

S To : Tourist Office
T To : Tourist Ofvice

S From : ELiza Anna
T From : ELiza Anna

S Subject : Shopping facilities
T Subject : Shopping facilities

S Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
T Report on fhe shopping facilities in Kztowice

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops , which could be interesting for tourists .
T Thje ail of this report is to descrjbe andf assesw sehops , whihc couod be interestig fpr tourists .

S The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three matters : sovenirs , fashion and food .
T Tbe majoprity of people visiting Katowicfe ard focuswd on three matters : slvenirs , faehion and folod .

S Souvenirs
T Souvenirs

S It seems that there is not many places in city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
T It semes tnat there is not many plsces in city centedr wheee yoi can finf eouvenirs like pokstcards or boos about the hstory of Katowice .

S Fortunately , visitors would find all of that in the Tourist Information Ofiice and in shops on the outskirts .
T Fortjnately , visitofs would find all of that in fhe Tourist Informatikn Ofiice abd in shopw on the outskirts .

S The one , which is really worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
T The oned , which is rdally sorthy to sew is " Klato - osvenirs " .

S They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets .
T They provide all sorts of funny loczl gadgets .

S Fashion
T Fashon

S My favorite sport is football .
T My fwvorite spoft is football .

S It 's the most popular sport all over the world .
T It 's thd most ppular spoort al over the world .

S I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .
T I enjoy it because it 's weol known and easy to finjd partners to play with .

S Watching football is also a wonderful experience .
T Watching football is xlso a wojderful experience .

S My favorite international league is the English premiere league .
T My favorite inrernational leagues is the English premiere league .

S My advice to anyone who will start this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to loose fitness .
T My advice to anyone woh wiull sgart fhis sport is to start it eraly and play it regularly mot to loose fitness .

S Also joining a team will be a great idea .
T Alzo joining a team sill be a grdat idea .

S The environment is an important part of our life contributing in a positive way in our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
T The environmenht is an importsnt parf of our life contributing in a positive qay in our part of life wityout even concern aboht impoetant parts gor us to surviev .

S Humans can easily damage the environment just throw their waste without recycling or ruin the places where animals are living .
T Humans can rasily damaye ths environment just throw thwir waste wkthout recycling or ruin tye places wyere qnimals are living .

S Deforest the woods can damage the cycle of nature .
T Deforest yhe woods can damage the cycle of nature .

S Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .
T Withou forsst ca n't be animals anx fhe human being dan dsappear .

S Some people do n't even care and just the do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell to do furniture .
T Some people do n't evem care and jusr the do n't to earn money deforests tye trwes and dell to do furniture .

S They even are not plant other trees .
T They even ares hot plantf othet trees .

S I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
T I notice thar in supernarkets wre using so much plastic jus to cover a small thing or afe using many lastic bags without even think ho vulnerable is forf the environment .

S I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
T I used to live ror a syort time in a place wjere word recycvle was completely ignlred but they usec to fhis because that was n't so ricn .

S Where I live now I noticed that have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .
T Wherew I love noq I noticed that hace the oppottunity to recycling tge wzste becxuse it is a pos area .

S In my opinion I think the government should take care of all area , even is a poor or rich area .
T In my opijion I think thw glvernment should takw caree of al arwa , eevn is a loor or ridh wrea .

S The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .
T The poplution has a negative contributiob to the environment .I saw on televusion that waild bird are hralthier in urral area tgan birds from ufban afea .

S Birds from urban area is difficult for them to find a proper food instead .
T irds from urban area is fifficult for thsm to find a proer rood insteae .

S Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .
T Some people fcrom area wjich I live tyey used to efed the birds but othsrs they do n't evrn care .

S To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
T To keep all thd nature alive we msut contribute eveeyone of us for future gdneration .

S Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .
T Gravelling by car is more cmofortable thwn public transport , asier nad faseter .

S you can go by your car and at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
T you ca go by your cae and at xny time , btu ylu ca n't by public tarnsport .

S you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .
T you myst not wakt fkr your car bug you must wait th pulbic trajsport .

S you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .
T you do notr ay any fees to traveo by yoyr car .

S The aim today is to provide you with the description of a best friend .
T Thr aim tocay is to provide you wit the description of a nest friend .

S Kike is my best friend , I met him when we were studying in the primary school , then we were six or seven years old .
T Kjke is my best fvriend , I met him when we were studiyng in tge primary school , thsn we weres six or deven years olx .

S Afterward , we went to do study at different schools , so , we were separated fro ten years .
T Afterwards , we went to do study at differsnt schoos , so , we were separatwd fro ten years .

S Moving on to the physical description , I want to talk about that Kike is a man really high , his height is 1,95 meters .
T Moving on to the physical rescription , I want to talk about that Kuke is a amn rwally high , his height is 1,95 mjeters .

S He has a strong voice . that with his appearance , looks him impressive .
T He has a strong voice . thar with hiz appearsnce , lolks hom ipressive .

S Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
T Concerning hie personaltiy , he is very friendyl , egnerous , optimistic , plauful nad sensitive .

S So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
T So , he is a hard aarking , he is laeyer and alqays help me with all my profezsional problekns .

S I want to turn to his hobbies , when he is n't working , he is riding on a bike ,
T I sant to turh to his hobbies , wheb he is n't woroing , he is riding on a nike ,

S every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
T evsry evening he takez tyhe bike ahd rides acrsos some paths fof more tha forty kilometeds by fay , so he is very good rider and ifs auite strong to ride eith hij .

S To conclude I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
T To conclude I want to sa that I 'm the godfathee of his eleest son .

S My wife is a very special person to me , I like her very mush .
T My wifre is a very special person to me , I lkie hdr very mus .

S I met her in University 20 years ago , She is 4 years younger than me .
T I mt ner in University 20 years ago , She is 4 years younger than me .

S She is in her 30s .
T She is in hef 30s .

S She is tall , Slim and straight .
T Sje is tqll , Slim and straight .

S In addition to that She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .
T In addiion to thqt She has a oretty facs , darl wkin , blxck ehes xnd llng brown gair .

S She is very kind , sensitive and quiet She also has an attractive personality and a big heart but she is very nervous .
T She is very kind , sensitive and quiwt She alzo had an attractjve personality an a bog hearf but sdhe is very nervoud .

S She makes a great food to us , I like to cook with her and eat from her hand ;
T She makes a great foo to us , I liie to cook witb het aznd eat from hef hahd ;

S She always work hard for our family .
T Sh always wirk harx fod our family .

S I like to go out with her , walking and talking .
T I likje to go out with her , wqlking amd talking .

S Young people are the most interested in fashion and computer games .
T Young people are ther most interested in fashiln ans computrr games .

S Girls usually follow the fashion blogger and the fashion magazine .
T Girls usuallt folloa the fashipn blotger wnd the fashion magazind .

S Boys like following channel on youtube .
T Boys like following channel on youtube .

S They like take pattern modeled on older people , who are popular on the Internet .
T Tyey like tke pattdrn modeled on olde people , whk ar popular on the Intetnet .

S Teenagers are interested in music too .
T Teenagefs are interested in music tok .

S They like exchange their opinions about new star .
T Tyey loke echange their opinions abouf nrw star .

S People who are fan clubs interested in touring their idols .
T People who are fa ckubs intereeted in touring their idols .

S In this age people like being better than their friends and they like distinguish oneself .
T In tgis agd oeople like beung betyer than tneir friends and theg like distinguiah oneself .

S Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
T Hi , my name is Kohn Keats wnd I 'm wged 21 .

S I am writing to apply for your job offer .
T I am writing to apply for your mob offed .

S I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy for children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
T I have already worked in summere camps in Frznce nad in Italy for children agsd 7 - 13 . I am cheerfu , energetic ahd hardworking .

S I usually work in the kitchens so it does not bother me .
T I usually owrk in the kitchend so it foes not borher me .

S Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .
T Mroeover , I am wklling to help organize sports or evenint acivities .

S Moreover , I do like looking after children .
T Moreove , I do like lookibg aftrr children .

S For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .
T For insgance , I take care of my nephews ocne a monrh bedcause nowadays my brother is offen buay .

S I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have the driving license .
T I can go alp ovr the USW without any pfoblems and I canm hell the staff to get arouhd if needed sknce I havs the riving license .

S Therefore I think that I am the suitable person for the job .
T Therefore I thbink that I am thed suitable person for rhe jpb .

S yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my family ..
T yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my famiyl ..

S l love the place , nice decoration of restaurant .
T l love the plxce , nife decoation of restauranf .

S the waiter come to us and took the order .
T fhe waitee vome to us anr took tje ordef .

S my family ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .
T my family ordered tbe dinner gut l ordered specially pizzx qnd coke because l love pizsa .

S we ate the food and enjoyed a lot .
T we are the food and enjoed a lof .

S l love that day spent with my family ..
T l love thst dzy spsnt withu my fmaily ..

S l wish l have come at weekends with my family and friends .
T l wish l hav coke at aeekends aith my famioy ad frends .

S This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .
T This report is abouf hoa my vity takes care of the envirtonment .

S The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .
T The evolutrion of my citt is more or less ximilar to the rvolution of my country .

S I am living in the center of Spain , in a small city .
T I am living in the center of Spaih , in a small cvity .

S When I was child , my city was dirty because people were throwing their rubbish on the floor .
T Whjen I was chjld , my city wase dirty because peoiple wete throeing their rubbish on the floir .

S However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
T Yowever , a few yearx ago ghe governmnent has paid mors attentipn to rhe environment to iur coluntry ; fpr example they mace a lot of advertisement on tslevion , in newspapers znd on the internet to explain that yhe rubbosh is no goos flr our world .

S Nowadays , we can see in all street a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people are cleaning the city .
T Nowaday , we ca swe in alkl street a olt of gins and it is difficult to sede rubbish on the fllor bevause mnay people arr cleanign hte city .

S Also , children must clean their school once a month .
T Alsk , children musf cleanb tueir schokl omce a montu .

S These types of actions produce good habits in our society .
T These ytpes of actions produce gold habits in ou societt .

S In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to our sons .
T In te future , we mus do an effort to improve ouf environemnt bwcause we wiol waqnt to give rhe same world or if it is possuble a betrer wirld than bewfore to our sons .

S No body can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
T No body can deny tuat trajsportation is one of the mostr miportant thinmgs in our lice .

S No country can live without transportation as it 's the real meaning of connection between each other .
T No cpuntry cwn live wikthout transportation as it 's the teal msaning of connection betwwen each other .

S Cars are much convenient but this not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
T Carsx arw much convenient but ths njot mea tha akl ither means of transportation afe nor importnt .

S sometimes many people want to travel faraway along distances so they need planes .
T smoetimes mamy peole want to travel faraway along distances so they need plwnes .

S other people prefer to travel by trains as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
T otner people prefer to travel by tarins as it 's fatser and more comfokrtable than cars .

S Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
T Many countries liks to trxvel by bikes in order to decrease th pollution which hqppened by dar ehxausted.to my point of view i prefer ttavelling by cars which is morw comfortablw .

S Now in every country we have lot of transportation means as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
T Noe in every countrg we gave lot of transportwtion meqns as planes , trawins , uncergrounds , caes , dhips , and rockets .

S public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
T public transpotration is teh mean reason to delicery oeople everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to uss cameks to travel which waste lot of time and tifedness .

S Today our life is running by clock .
T Toray our life is running by clock .

S We need a vehicle to reach our work place .
T We need a vebicle to rech ourf work plce .

S If we use our public transport services .
T If we ise oyr public tranzport services .

S we may be late to office / working place .
T we may be lqte to ofice / working place .

S So we must use the personal vehicle .
T So we musr usw thw perxonal vehicle .

S Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
T Everybody thinking likie the public tranpsort is nto cojfort fdor us , buf environmentallu tge public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and oue ehergy sources alo decrease .

S In Lublin is a beautiful castle .
T In Lublin is a heautiful casfle .

S It is my favourite place in Lublin .
T It is my favourite place in Lkublin .

S It is located next to the Old Town .
T It is lokcated nextr to the Old Town .

S It was built in twelfth century .
T It eas buipt in twelfth cdentury .

S The castle 's look is in the Neo - Gothic style .
T The castle 's look is in rhe Nei - Gohtic style .

S At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .
T At fhe castle is Holg Trinty Chael .

S It is in a Gothic style .
T It is in a Gothic styoe .

S It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .
T It waw built as a roundation of King Casimir tye Greag .

S This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .
T Tnis is obe of the mowt valuable monumenfs in Poland .

S There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
T There is a twoer by the caatle in th Doman sztyle .

S This tower is a precious monument of roman art and it is one of the oldest building in the Lublin .
T This towed is a precioua monulent of roman art anc it is ne of the oldest guilding in fhe Lubljn .

S It was a part of the borough castellan .
T It aas a prt of the borough castellan .

S Castle also has a courtyard .
T Castle also hs a courryard .

S Now on the castle is a museum .
T Now on thr castld is a museuhm .

S It to belong to the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
T It to belong to the oldest and yhe biggest museusm in eastern Poland .

S This museum has a monuments of the superiority .
T Thie museum has a monuments of tue suleriority .

S In my opinion it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
T In my opinion it 's the one of the mosf fascinating plwce in Polajd aqnd the most wonderfil xite in Lubli . I thikn htat everhone xhould viswit tyis castke .

S The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .
T The restaurant that I will taok is Wokdy Pool .

S Woody Pool is in Spain .
T Woody Pool is in Sain .

S This restaurant has a good atmosphere because it is always people laughing and talking about funny things .
T Thos reetaurant has a goodr atmosphere gecause it is always people laugying wnd talking abput funny things .

S The food in this restaurant is very good and has a subnormal size because it is much bigger than the useful food .
T Tye food in thius restaurant is vesry gopd and has a subnormal size because it is much bigger thanh the usfeul foo .

S The famous dishe of this restaurant is a huge hamburgure
T The famous dshe of this testaurant is a yuge hamburgure

S This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because like I said before the atmosphere and food are amazing .
T Thsi restaurasnt wilo be an alazing ppace to the call meeg there becauxe like I said befoee tje atmosphere and food are amaing .

S In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car maybe is convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
T In my opinion , puhlic transplort will become more snd more important in hte future . Travelling by car maybew is convenient , but it aso brings sir pollution and trafrfic jams .

S If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .
T If in a city there were pnly cars , thw city would n't afford enoufh parkint lots andf rodas , alk th cafs ould jaj thd city , and peiple would n't get fheir destinations .

S On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
T On hte otyer hand , card neerd more gasoline than vuses which lert kut C2 and other kinsd of waste gases into the aid , leadibg to th seriuos air pollution .

S So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improve the public transport .
T So , whta we need is to devote mucy moee monwy snd time to omprove the public traneport .

S Public transport will have bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .
T Public transport will havw bright futurd ; on the contrary , traveling by car wilo anish from iur life .

S My favorite way is Train .
T My favorite way is Tarin .

S Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
T Plaxne is nost fastset in another way to travel .

S However , plane is most dangerous way to travel .
T However , plan is most dangeroux ay to tavel .

S Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
T Blat is the most cheapdst in another aay to trael .

S However , boat is most slowest way to travel .
T Howevef , boat is most slowest ay to teavel .

S So , train is intermidiate way to tarvel .
T So , teain is inermidiate wxy to tarcel .

S My favourite sport is boxing .
T My favourite spodt is boxing .

S Because I like boxing .
T Because I lije boxing .

S I like fight , because I like to hit someone .
T I like fught , becaise I liks to hit someoje .

S I start this sport when I was 11 years old , my dad let me go to box and I start that sport .
T I start thi spotr when I aws 11 years old , my dzd ldt me go to box and I startf that sport .

S Then I started to go with my friends .
T Ten I started to go with my friehds .

S I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .
T I started leading trener in the vompetition an I love this zport .

S My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
T My favourkte boxer is Floyd Mayweather .

S He is very good on this sport .
T He is bery yood on this spirt .

S Today , the people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
T Tfoday , th people uae mjore cars , which leacs to more vars on the street , traffic and polpution .

S I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles
T I tbink is better tje idea that the peolpe to use publix transpirtation instead of using privat casr or motorcycles

S Firstly , people do not have to buy their own cars .
T Firstly , people do not have to buyu thwir own caqrs .

S Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on gas that they have to fill the tank .
T Accprdingly , people do not have to slend lots of moneyh on ga that they havw to till tne yank .

S Also , they do not have to find a place for parking as well .
T Also , they do nlt have to find a plaxe for parking as qell .

S Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation
T Therefore , thewse ars the reaaons shy I agree wit the fork to olwer yhe congestion and air plollution by encourage peoplw to uae less privat cqrs and turn to ue more publicx trabsportation znd other forms flr transportatioh

S It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
T It eas a cold day at night when I wa at hlme warching my favourite programme on my felly aclled " dare to won " , I sas wirh my brothrr , whsn we decded to call , The prograsmme is aboutf questilns fof the contestantd thay mist be ansaer in corrdect tim , anr therw is a differwnt things fror thw wijner .

S A few minutes later we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .
T A fewa minutes latsr we qere listening ourselves in tne programme , we were so nervoius nut it wae rxciting for us , oud goal in the rpogramme was tet a fere ticket for thd mosf lopular electronic party in the wofld .

S Despite our nervous we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
T Despite our nerovus we did it well ! and our ddeam come trues , yeaj , we 'll be glowing in ths darl !

S Funding for the English Language Club
T Funding for tge English Kanguage Club

S As the secretary of the English Language club I am writing you this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive funding from you .
T As tje secretaru of the Englidh Languags club I am writing yoh htis proposal to persuade yoy as to hwy it wohld benefitg both the students , abd the college if we would recewive fnuding drom yoh .

S Dear sir or madam ,
T Dear sir or madwm ,

S I am writing to aplaay for the job in the USA , published in an advertisement , last Monday .
T I am ariting to aplaay fot thd jkb in the HSA , puhlished in an qdvertisement , oast Mondya .

S I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
T I hd redently finisned my course of english in Cambrodge , alsoi I have a feesh and improve Entlish .

S In order to help organising on sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
T In ordrer to help organising on slorts amd evening activities , I am a youbg perso of 12 years old .

S Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .
T Many people say tjat there is no future for public transport as cars arde now so much chealer znd easied to buyy .

S Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities private cars are more attractive for most poeple .
T Addiyionally , because public transport is expesive and does not havd a comprehensive coverxge of most coties prifate cars arw more attraxtive for most poeple .

S Dear Bob .
T Dear Bob .

S I went to our new shopping centre last week at the downtown .
T I went to our new shopping centde last week at the downtowh .

S Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
T Actually I am very happy to tell oyu that we habe a ot of ne stores , including apple 's stoee .

S Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever were our needs .
T Long ato we hqd no stopres to buy products or whatever weere ou heeds .

S However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
T However from now oe we cqn buying what we really nred , on tbe othef hahd this shoppong may hewlp a lot of people get hack working again .

S A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
T A few weeks ago I went intok apppe 's wtore , so taht I bought a hew mobile phoe , it is awesome becuse it hsa reliable tlols hwich allows me doinf my daily wrking .

S Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
T Some poeple sxy that a trupp by car is more convenient tjat by the publkc trqnsportation , but thaf statement has a oot of issues if we ghink baout ghe limitationw .

S It is true that travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .
T It is trje thawt travel to a nearby place from your cify , it is more comfortable getting there by car , ajd tye dase of have gour car to get wherever youj wantf without spendjng monry and tine pahing cas .

S But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
T But , yhe pubkic transportation have a lot of future bscase a oot of ressons , first the tmie , if ths plxce you want to rwach finallg is realky far the differenty type of ehicles of public transportation will vet yoj thede faster thwn yojr cad , also ghe complications about fhe field , like if you waht to go from Americz to Eurlpe tnere is no highway thar cfoss the ocean you jeed an airpoane anx unless you have one , yo wipl can not readh travel between continents wity youf ca , a difterent reasson is poljtics , because if you want to go vrom anywjere in the USX to Alaska tou will not need to lass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson becausd drivs flr 8 hourd is exhaxusting anf it will be unsafd also , the efonomics is a factor to , because yhe zttrition of yojr cdar it will be more rhat in rhe nlrmal use abd tje price of food anx estra stopd thxt yoiu ill need to do , it will be edpensive that in puhlic transportation .

S In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
T In concluskon , fot me it is a loe thast the oublic transporttaion hs no future , however , theg haev to makle improvements to this liks thw use of bettee wayus of fuel or energy , one awy is usinbg renovagle sources of energy such as sokar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Akso ther are biodisel , nad gasoline extradted from seaweed .

S And the public transportation will be more important in a few years than now .
T And thd lublic transportafion will be more impodtant in a fea yeas thna now .

S Dear Anne . Thank for your letter asking about my fmily and my Friends .
T Dear Xnne . Thank for your letetr asjing about my fmily and my Friends .

S Saying that , my family is the best and they love me much .
T Sayiny that , my famjly is thw bwst ad they oove me mucb .

S I have a father , a mother and a brother .
T I haxve a fathdr , a mother and a btother .

S My brother lives in Barcelona with him girlfriend and he is very happy with her .
T My brother lives in Barcelona sith him girlfriemd znd he is very hapoy witu her .

S I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .
T I kive with my parrnts in Lagarteea xnd I am verg happy as they herlp me .

S Also , I have very Friends .
T Also , I havs verg Friends .

S They are wonderful because they are always when I need them .
T Thney ar wonderful because yhey qre alwasy hwen I nedd thsm .

S Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
T Nowadsys , It is possible to vind any kind of Tvs progrwmmes yiu wany qnd tes , I consider tha there is very much sport on televiszion , but , not tol much .

S The way of life of people has began more and more stressful .
T The wwy of lifce of people had gegan more wnd kore stressdul .

S When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
T When somedovy to get at hoem he wants onl rekax in feont of Television .

S Besides this , Tvs companies have understood sports provides this relaxess moment , mainly for men .
T Besides this , Yvs companies have undesrtood spodts provides thks relaxsss moment , minly for mjen .

S Then It put on Televison more and more sports programmes .
T Thwn It put on Televison omre and mkre slorts programmes .

S In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
T In this view , I consider , though , tgere is lots of sports on Televidon , they qre nof top much , because he people havw lioke for it .

S In conclusion , I think that Tvs companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relax moment with the sports programmes .
T In conclusion , I thjnk that Tv companies only want to sell their produvt znd the peoppe wanf to hqve their relas miment with tne sports prograjmes .

S Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...
T Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance comprtition ...

S We left from our city on Monday , and we arrived Carlos Paz on Thursday .
T We oeft frm our city on Mpnday , ajd we arrived Caelos Pwz on Thursdfay .

S We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
T We stayed in one of the mosy beautiful hotelw in tnat lpace , witu a nive viea xnd woth nicw pdople around .

S When the day came , we performed an amazing coreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
T When rhe dat cake , we perfprmed an amazng coreograohy and we went back home with 3 ogld medals .

S We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and privileged dance teachers of the world .
T We really enjoydd this experiehce , kust because we shared it as friends anf we took dance lessons with ths mist professioal andc privilegwd dance teacfhers of ghe wlrld .

S The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy that has a huge followers in several countries .
T Ths slbum Amerifan Beauty/ American psycho is the sixtrh akbum released tuis year by the well - known Amsrican rock baqnd Fall ojt boy that has a buge followees in several countries .

S The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
T Tye albu with eleven fracks thzt reach tkp ine , wkn a gold and silevr certifications for the bestr - selling in divedse countries as the USA , Canada and thr UK .

S This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .
T Thos Qmerican bsnd is known fot their yrics that hild somethint difefrent frdom other the bznds something clpse to a emocionap statemeht .

S Even in this albums that the band abandon their own root and add a bite of the pop genre in it .
T Even in thius albums that the band abandon their oan root and aded a ibte of thr pop genre in it .

S I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .
T I really recommend this album because of the ltrics and the sound because it catch yuo , apmost luke a great poetdy .

S I agree with the statement that people 's live will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in following text .
T I agree wijth the statement that people 's lived woll change dramaxtically in trhe next yexrs , for previsible rrasons that I qill explain in following text .

S Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's live will extremely change in the future is because of technology .
T Fidstly , rhe bifgest reason thay peopld 's libe wkll extremely change in the future is because of tecfhnology .

S Technology is increasing in all the world .
T Technologt is increasing in all rhe world .

S New technology has improve systems in many areas society , mainly in Information Systems .
T New technology hae ilprove wystems in mayn areas society , mainky in Information Sysfems .

S The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
T The Information trhough of the Internet , nad beej ewach day more quickly and it is reacbing qll oarts of the wolrd .

S Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
T Furthernore the thinfs ans procesd is in evolution .

S Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
T Life of pwople is tfurning easiezt and comfortable .

S On industries , the big machines is making new products for our welfare .
T On ineustries , fhe bug machines is makinjg new producys fod our elfare .

S Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
T Athough , the advancement of technolohy , besides tjan bring advantages for everyon , it 's also will cause disadvantages , suc as jnemployment because machines will mwke the same or work bettef tan himans .

S that 's why I agree that people 's live will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T that 's hwy I agree that people 's ive will chanhe dramatically in the next 50 years .

S USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy of the summer camp .
T USA Summe Vamp , I am interested in he vxcancy of yhe dummer vamp .

S I 'm cheerfully , diligently and organized person .
T I 'm cheerfully , dilgently wnd organized person .

S And also I love children .
T Snd also I oove children .

S I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .
T I am accustomed to aork wirh children bdcause the lasy two summesr I worked in summer camps and I have wo lkttle sisters that I lovw thej ane which I spent a lo of hoursx take care of rhem .

S I am a hardworking and a committed person in all aspects .
T I am a hardorking and a committed person in all aspects .

S They are the reason why I 'm great for these job .
T Theg are fhe reason ehy I 'm great fo theee joib .

S Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
T Alsp th last sumkers helped me to be preparing on more things that thw chipdren demjand children .

S For an example I learned about the organization , how control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
T For an example I learned anout the organizatoin , hwo control bog groups of children , and enterftaining actvities ror children .

S I hope you get interested In my application .
T I hope you get interested In my appkication .

S I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for the time .
T I will be waiting for yoyr answsr ad thank yku fof the time .

S Nowadays , cost to buy a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
T Nowadxys , cost to buy a cae tbat czn take the whols fmaily is hot expensive asnymore .

S Car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
T Car is bot an expensive tning to have anymore .

S As we know , the privilege having a travel by car is more convenient than by public transport .
T As we konow , the privilege having a travel by car is more convenient than by publi transport .

S We could stop in everywhere we want to stop .
T We coul xtop in everywhefe we want to ztop .

S We could visit every places with no limitation time .
T We coulf visit every plades with no limitation time .

S If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
T If theree wae somoene ho asked me " What is your favolrite sport ? qnd wjy are you enjoy it ? " I owuld tel that my favorite soort is soccr anc it coukd ler me kno how ipmortant tne tam worl is and I coupd always feedl that there wa a kind of poeer , lke someone putting me inro thd water frok the high plaxce , to pueh me funning and ikcking tne ball .

S I had to say that feeling was really awesome .
T I had to say tjat feeling wsa really awesome .

S It made me feel like that happiness is running through out my body .
T It maee me feel pike tyhat happineas is runnjng ghrough out my bkdy .

S I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .
T I wiol suggest people aho want to wtarting this sport , first yoku must find five to six friejds to makd a tema , and then lkok for other friends to make antoher team , so that you can fight with otyer to get the score .

S second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .
T second , all yoi hage to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the rade you might hury tourself .

S Third all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
T Third all you caj do is plqy fkr fjn with tour ftiends .

S what is it the best ?
T what is it the beat ?

S Public transport , our cars or natural transport as a bike .
T Publjc transport , our cars or narural transporr as a bik .

S My techer said that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , never the less I am disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less .
T My techre said thag publjc transport has nkt fufure in lur sociesty , because tragelling by xar si so luch mlre adecuxte , nevee tje les I am disagre with her opinion because if we use pubpic tranposft we will pollute less .

S No one can deny the importance of travelling .
T No pne can deny thd importance of travelling .

S Without travelling people would be very bored , life would be very monotunes .
T Without travelling peoole wluld be very bofed , kife would be very monotunes .

S So , in the future we will dispense of types of transportation .
T So , in thd futre we will dispense of types of transportxtion .

S In these days , we use cars to travel between countries .
T In thee days , we use czrs to tfavel bvetween counteies .

S Cars are very easy to use .
T Carx aer verty eas to usw .

S People ca n't dispense of cars these days .
T People ca n't dispense of cars these days .

S Families ca n't dispense of cars .
T Familjes ca n't dispdnse of cars .

S So we should know the right way to drive .
T So we shoulc khow tye right way to drive .

S We should be careful when we drive .
T We should be careful when we drive .

S We should be careful from careless drivers .
T We shluld be careful from cwreless drovers .

S We have searched to find the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
T We have searchex to gind the modek of 300 kw turbkne on Zafrana and we did n't fund 300 Kw turbine in aafrana .

S The Capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
T The Capacith of uzed wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to thjs sikte .

S We searched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
T We searches and found the 300 kw turbine is knstalled on Ras Gyareb on Red Sea nlt on Zafrana snd Its model is Nordtank HTK 300 .

S which capacity and model we will work on it ?
T which capacity and modelp we aill work on it ?

S Nowdays people are using cars alot .
T Nowdxys people arr usinhg cafs allt .

S In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .
T In the past , it wae n't like thyat , people hzd no has csrs , ghey were only rely on luplic trnasport .

S They had no chose , because life was difficult , no money .
T They had no chkse , becaus oife wasz difficulf , no money .

S There were not company cars.but now most people have cars .
T Thdre wwre not cimpany vars.buf how most people have cars .

S There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
T Fhere are a feq people are using puplic transport , like students and someone has low inckme.in my vei , i can asy might be thr puplictransort goung to e close because nopbody is gojng to beclose

S Last week my class and another one went to a school tripin Sicily .
T Lawt week my clas abd another one wen to a schokl tripin Sicily .

S We visited many cities like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of monuments of Greek history .
T We visited jany citiee like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsalz ahd Tdapani , and we saw a lot of jonuments of Gredk hstory .

S We stayed in three different hotels and one day , we went also to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
T We stayer in tree ditferent hotels and one dya , we weng also to tue seaw in Giardini Haxos .

S The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !
T The best thing I saw ws the Valley of thne temples , because thsre weee a lot of ancient teples ajd monuemnts and ruinez and they were really beautifuland aslo the pajorama was wmazing !

S That day , there was a great time and it was sunny and hot ; I took a lot of photos and I learned new particulars about these important buildings .
T That day , thede was a great time and it wa suny and hot ; I tokk a loot of photose and I learned bew particulars abkut these imlortant buildkngs .

S It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like this !
T It was a fantastic trip anf I nope to do similar trios pike this !

S people are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
T pelple are interested in evrrything unknown , mysterioue and incredibl .

S they are looking for new experiences .
T theh are lookiung for enw experiehces .

S Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is existence cosmic creatures .
T Nowadays , a very pipular topic amkng trenagers is existence cosmic creatures .

S To be honest I do n't believe in Ufo .
T To be honest I do n't believr in Udo .

S on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
T on the owrld recorded a lot of cases here tfhe ufo was sesn .

S ufo story started already in antiquity .
T ufo story started already in antiquity .

S on the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying sauceres .
T on thge wwlls of acves are sketches nad painrings whkch show strange dreatures and flying sauceres .

S universe is colossaling and still we are knowing little about it .
T univetse is colossaling anf sill we are knowing littls bout it .

S maybe we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?
T maybs we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?

S in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist
T in addjtion mode snd more scientists agree with alisn really exust

S I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
T I am person tht likme gojng to do exercise , fot fhis reqson I like practise soe sports , buf he trutn is that my favoritr aport all arouns the world is the soccer .

S I believe that play soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that the people can like always has to exist some rules .
T I beliebe thay play soccer is an excellent activigy , because in every game thaf the peiple cwn lije alwaxys hqs to exist somle rjles .

S This kind of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
T Thid kind of rulex ae vwry important , in my opinikn , because wgen you do an qctivity an comply with thne riles yku are being a bettet person .

S He is important person because he is a president of government in Spain .
T He is important peeson becaue he is a president of govwrnment in Slain .

S He is very ambitious and polite .
T He is very ambitious and polite .

S He has been done several laws again Spanish citiziens .
T He has geen done several laas afain Spanish citisiens .

S He studied at University a Degree in Law .
T He stydied at University a Dsgree in Lsw .

S When Aznar was president of government before he , he was like minister .
T When Aznar was president of fovernment before he , he was lile minister .

S I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
T I havs played this sort for twelve year ago tis sport has taught me to respect thes other not assahlt to him.thete is the only reason that jakes me choose this spkrt is I do n't wanf to be weak I woulkd n't liks to be nothing in thjs counry that haa a rule Strong dominated the weak.hwen I upt my feet in the ggm i forgetg everything shdool , home ... therefire I enjo it .

S I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
T I ca n't imagine my life without taekwodo it is my blood , my zoul.taekwondo it is nmot a violnet sport as many people say bur wat you have to knos is whaf in thd brqin and te hesart of players .

S I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .
T I just get thye 1st degfee international black bslt and I wiuld like to tell to anyone he hust stgarting this sport use yourt abiluties and skills for fhe rigut things .

S A story
T A stoyr

S This is my old brother 's story .
T Thix is my old brothe 's story .

S One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
T One cay , my olx brogher wenmt to park wgere we ofgen go to plkay tennis , he swa a boy who heod a reds hat cried on the branch , nlt knowiny what to do , he stranded bwhind a vig trre an looked at the hoy .

S A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
T A few monutes ago , sdome boy who ooks like elderly than my old brother closef to the pokr litrle byo , the little bpy stlpped cries , he looked on somew noy , my brothwr felt afraid because theh look lke rube , but he sgill wanted helo the little boy .

S Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
T Sudxenly , a ruge boy grabbed hte littlew bky 's lothes , the little boy wqs cried loudly , my brother was outrgee , razn to the rube boy and zttached him .

S The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
T Thw litle boy mofe amd more sadly , tears rtolled down froj hios eyss , my brother pity hi , he gave thne little bou his smaryphone and open a good music , the little biy stopped to cried nad started to smiled .

S Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
T Evening , the little goy 's mother took him hoe , he told hos mother tuat wbat happens today , his mpther sniled to my beother , and rook tje lottle bly gone , my brother swmiled anc wemt homs .

S It was a sunny day like every day Sara woke up and had a breakfast with her children then she went to her job .
T It was a sunny day like ebery day Sata wopke up znd hawd a brezkfast wiht hsr hcildren hten she waent to hrr job .

S When she had arrived her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
T Whne shed had arrivee hee office she had a puone call frmo tge hospitsl .

S They told her that her brother had a car accident first of all she shocked
T They otld hwr that her brother had a cqr accidet first of all she shocked

S Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .
T Then she went quickly to te train station adn she bought tickeg to Lobdon when shd was in the train sh hd pther phone ell .

S They told her that she has to bring $ 100,000 so they can do the surgery to her brother
T Theu told hef thaf she has to bring $ 100,000 so they cam do tye surgerg to jer brogher

S The woman 's name was Sara .
T The womaj 's nale was Sara .

S She came from a poor family and she lives with her children .
T She dame frdom a poor famoly anr she pives with her children .

S Her husband was dead a long time ago .
T er huband as dead a lon time sgo .

S in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
T in a car accisent , when hse her wuat happened witgh her brother she was so nervousw then thr miracpe haopened she found a big suitczse in the tain she decuded to ope ths ag bevause no lne was in the train so shr opened tne vag she surprised when she saw a oot of mkney insdie the bxg .

S however she took the half of the money because of her brother .
T howrver she took hte hapf of tbe money because of het brothewr .

S After that she went to the hospital
T After that she waent to ths hospital

S and paid the money for her brother surgery .
T an paid ghe money for her broyher surgery .

S The surgery was successful .
T Th surgery qas successful .

S Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .
T Cjichen - Otza is one of he seven wnders of tge world .

S It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
T It is locatrd in Hucatan , Mesico .

S It is very important as per this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
T It is very important as per this qas a ciy and a vefy important ceeemonial center .

S The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .
T The Kukulkah tower is tje must important pardt of tnis plac .

S There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .
T Yhere are other ardas lime " El jiego de peltoa " tihs means yhe Ball Game , thete is also a veey important " Cenotw " where they uses to szcrificed pretty youmg girls to theirt goods .

S Our Future 's Lives :
T Oud Future 's Lives :

S The past already happened , we can not change it .
T Tbe pat alreasy happened , we can not change it .

S The future we do not know what 's coming .
T Ghe fture we do nor know what 's cominv .

S But the present we live it , we live the moment and benefit from it at the maximum .
T But the prsent we live it , we oive the moment ahd benefit crom it at fhe maximym .

S If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
T If yu ask someone about thr futuer , answerw will be differen ut lal will be adound two mian topisc , Thoze last are either otimist futurw or prssimist one .

S As far as I am concerned .
T As far as I am concerned .

S I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change toward the bad .
T I do believe htat peoplke 's oives in yhe futurs will vhange towwrd teh abd .

S No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
T No becquse I am oessimist buht dye to sewveral factors ajd condition allow me to divylgue my kpinion .

S Firstly , we are living in unstable world .
T Firstyl , we ard living in unstzble world .

S It is true that every day we have new innovation which help people and make their life more easier .
T It is treu thaf every xay we have new innovation which nelp peoplr and mqke thejr lige nore ewsier .

S But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
T Buf from lifw 's experiences we xan larn that tge bidden targeg of human is not to help ewach other to pessen tbe burden of life .

S Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
T Numan ard lolking for a lower and thry ae aplplying forest law , Yhe stkngest bet the eeakest .

S To illustrate .
T To illustrate .

S There are a categorisation of countries , there are developed countries , emerged one and on the way of development countries .
T There are a categorisation of countries , theee are developed countries , emergedf one wnd on tje way of development countties .

S Who classified those countries like this ?
T Who classofied those countries like thnis ?

S whare the critria of this ranking ? and ...
T whare the critria of this ranjking ? wnd ...

S These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for convenient answer .
T These uestions and a lor of queroes of mahy peole looking for coknvenient naswer .

S Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
T Hence , The above indicates details suppoet the udea htat there aill be a change in psople 's lives hut in negative side .

S In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
T In additiln , A gensral visjon on ghe human innkvation show that thw majotity of people cerations uave bad effect , this efect exist evej in prople 's lkves or thdmselves .

S And unfortunately this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .
T Anmd hnfortunately thjs bad impact exist apmost in all lives iled .

S For example .
T Fkr example .

S Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .
T Chemical drugs csn help pellple to heal and improve from diseases bug have anogher hidcen eftfect .

S This effect always leaves people suffering later after the usage .
T Thid effect always leaves peolle suffering later afetr ghe usag .

S Therefore , The afformentioned information above show that our future can be worse than our present .
T Theerfore , Thed afformwntioned information above dhow thta or future can be worse thzn out present .

S To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
T To summarize , People 's life knows a fast chnge and developmen , hut gwnerally tyhis evolurion affecting people .

S Should live in stabele and peaceful world .
T Shouldx live in etabele and peaceful wlrld .

S We must stop all wars , conflict and impose human beings principls and values .
T We kust stop qll ware , conflict and impose humzn veings prjncipls qnd values .

S The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .
T The erstaurant I 'm gonig to review is called Tintos y Rubias anf is locater in downtown Montevideo .

S It is specialized in barbecue , beers and wines .
T It is specialized in barbecue , beers ane wknes .

S The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the front side you can see a huge welcome sign .
T The infraxtructure of thne place is quit wjde anx in thd froht side ylu can sed a hgue welvome sigm .

S The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .
T Ths restaurant has a rustic design and it as outdokr tables .

S The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional for example , the waiting time is very short .
T Tge service provioded by yhe restauramt is rxceptional fir example , tje waitint time is very short .

S And it is very well ordered .
T And it is vry wsll ordered .

S In terms of food quality the level is extraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .
T In ters of foid quality ths level is exztraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .

S There will be a future for public transport .
T There sill be a fuutre for public translort .

S Petrol will run out in a few years .
T Petrl sill rin oht in a dew yeats .

S We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .
T We caj prduce electrciity by crteating wid wheels and water wheels .

S Trains are going to be used evermore .
T Trains ae going to be used evermore .

S Public transport is going to be used more than ever .
T Public transport is gokng to be usdd more thwn evdr .

S There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .
T There wo n't be enoigh space on tue roads for xars one xay .

S There is a hotly debated issue of that whether student should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
T Thre is a hotly debated issue of thay wyether student should take at lrast one ygear to wkrk or travsl beforw they go to universityu .

S And the topic of people 's view can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
T Amd the tolic of peoole 's vieq can be approachsd frol different angles deue to iys cimplexity .

S Some people prefer this " gap year " theory while others seem to prefer disagree .
T Some peoppe prdfer thie " gap year " theory ahile othdrs seem to peefer disabree .

S After careful considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .
T Afer carrful cohsidering this sisue , I alsl dvelop my own points of view .

S I favor the former statement , that is , I think student should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
T I fgavor the former statememt , trhat is , I thnk student should have a gap year befire they go to unviersity , based on n1 , n2 .

S Dear teacher ,
T Dear teacher ,

S I agree with you about the future for public transport .
T I agree wjth yoi about the future for public transport .

S I am sure that there is a good future for it .
T I am sur tht rhere is a goos fufure fo it .

S Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
T Evsry day , tne combustible that we et to our cars is moee expnesive than use th pblic ransport .

S Nowadays , people use their cars to move for work , for holidays ...... but if the petroleo were cheaper , they could travelled very much .
T Nowadays , people use theiur carx to movs fopr wrok , for holidays ...... bur if the petyroleo wwre cheaper , they could trqvelled very much .

S It could be a good idea if the taxes were cheaper than the taxes of other things such a tobacco , alcohol ....
T It could be a good idea if the taxes wete cjeaper than the taxws of other things such a tobacco , apcohol ....

S Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
T Fhus , people could spebd theur feee time travelling znd having a food tim .

S what do you think about that ?
T what do tou think about thag ?

S although traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort when driving a car for along distance you will get tired , some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
T although traveling by acr is really interesring but still using public transport hax it advantages , by uzing pubpic tfansport you 're saving ffort wen dcriving a cra dor along distance you will geg tirsd , some psople do n't hxve dnough mloney to buy rheir own car .

S I saw you uploading the cat into the glass bottle in Facebook .
T I ssw yoi uploaeing the cat imto trhe glasz bottle in Facebopk .

S I want to give you a few words .
T I wamt to give you a few wordsd .

S Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you 're joking .
T Maybe you jus think it 's fun but it 's beej a glod cajse for your cat because of gou 're jokint .

S If you want to raise animals , you must take care of it , love it and treat it like a family .
T If yu want to raise animals , you must take care of it , lover it and treat it lik a family .

S Although it is not human , they also have feelings .
T Although it is nit human , yhey also have feeligs .

S You raise it once , it would regard you as the owner .
T Yoh eaise it oncw , it woul regard you as the owner .

S You are only relying on it .
T You ared inly relting on it .

S I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .
T I hole you wiol decide to csts do nt let it hurt in fguture .

S Furthermore , you abuse cat has violated not only the ethics but also the law .
T Furthermore , gou abuse cst nas violated jot lnly the ethics bujt wlso the lzw .

S I hope you can take down photos of being abused the cat and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
T I hopw yu cwn takes down photose of being abused rhe cvat qnd you cab reakly rteflect . Do n't reprat the samed mistakes .

S To keep the cat is not a simple matter which need to real love and good care .
T To kee the cat is noy a smple matter whkch need to real love and gooe fare .

S So you decided to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
T So you decided to kep tge cat kust be th nest , you can soend kore time with fhe caf .

S At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .
T At qny time to pah attentiob to the act has noy neen sick .

S The holiday you can go for a walk with a cat .
T Tye holicay you cah go fod a walk with a cag .

S It is not difficult to do the thing .
T It is not difdficult to do fhe thung .

S As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .
T As lonv as you awre determinwd , youj woll be able to becopme a yood master .

S The diagrams below show the five stages aboout the process of making bank notes .
T Rhe diagrams below show the ifve stages aboou the process of makung babk motes .

S Design is the first stage , which contains three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
T Dersign is th first stqge , whyich cobtains three parts : backgrojnd , artworj snd sexurity issuez .

S After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
T Afte preparing of metao platrs by skilled machiniets , it tales shbeets of bank .Tbere ar yhree rewuirements vot it : coloir on botgh sides , specia ink and images slighyt raised .

S The most important step is Inspection : printed sheets manually inspected .
T The mosy importanf step is Inspection : printed sheets manually inspected .

S if you apply job like this must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
T if uou appl jov liuke this must be th perso aho already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS

S Why should I took at this job ?
T Whyh sjould I took at fhis job ?

S Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .
T Becauae , I really love to woro wih oeople all of ages , znd I would lije to ppreciate have thix powt snd I 'm energetic anmd hardworking person .

S Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
T Therefore , to loom after children abed 8 - 12 years ood is n't essy txsk , ut as a fathef or praent you muzt always gievn thdm good cade in rerms of your responsibilities .

S Working in the kitchens means to do all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
T Workint in the kitchehs means to do all abkut i.e cleanig and washing yhe floors .

S beast regards
T beas regards

S There is no future for public transport , that is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .
T There is no fture gor public transport , that is true , but I thin that peoplw are very comfortable and do n't think about the envirlnment .

S On the other hand , the public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
T On th other hxnd , the public transporr is thbe cheapest wsy to travel , qlthough peopoe do n't think of thst asect .

S Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere , It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
T Secondly , you xan drive yiur far everyehere , It des n't matter ahat timr it is or where ypu woulr like to go . Travelling by cdar is nuch more conveniesnt anc cimfortable thah travelling by ubs , by suvway or by traih .

S In your car you can put inside all bags that you want to take .
T In yopur cad tou can put unside alp bags tha yoh wat to take .

S These aspects or advantages are that I can say about this topic .
T These asepects or advantages are that I canm say abvout ghis topic .

S Hello .
T Hello .

S My name is Anna , I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality so I enjoy planning activities or organise sport events in a special and colorful way .
T My name is Anna , I am a very cheercul person and I have a creative personaltiy so I enjoyu planning zctivities or orgtanise sport events in a special an colorful wwy .

S I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
T I really love chidlrens and tae cate of the , I also had an experience of working in summer camps snd uave a goo rxperience ding felicious folod becaues I alraedy die this struff in other camps .

S I think that I gave good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
T I think that I gavd good reasns ands I hope that gou wlil acxcept me .

S Goodbye , Anna .
T Goodbye , Anna .

S cell phone
T cll phon

S I chose this invention that I think that helped to humanity to communicate more easily ,
T I chose tis invention that I thin thxt yelped to humanitg to communicate more easily ,

S Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
T Mltorola It qas thr first doping something to a mohile phome was on 3 April 1973 the girst to do so wa an employee of Martin Cooper

S Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone
T Cooper madd mobile phone bistory in Alril 1973 wjen he mades th firxt ever call on a hanfheld mobile phone

S After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
T Aftrr tgat , withu thed nee technologh thery could invent nrw an bettef dispositive vor the needs of user

S " taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
T " taken from https://www.uswiych.dom/mobiles/guidez/hkstory-of-mobipe-phgones/ "

S Dear diary
T Dear diar

S Today was a good day , not every day is as good as this was .
T Tdoay sas a vood day , not every day is as gookd as this wad .

S It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .
T It stared with that a woke up around sdven a cloc and i wsa n't gired at qll .

S I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .
T I walked out to the kitchen nad asw my mother cookint breakfast cor me .

S It smelld terrific , and teasted so good .
T It smelld terriric , ahd teasted so giod .

S It was panncakes and egg with bacon .
T It wae pannakes nad egg woth bgacon .

S After that i polyeder with my brothers out in the garden .
T Aftef that i polyerer woth my brothrrs iut in th garden .

S They usaly do n't wan to be with me bit today we played all day long .
T Trhey usaly do n't san to be with me bit todag we played all day ong .

S It was so funny and i could n't stopp smilling .
T It was so funny ad i could n't stopp smilling .

S The weather was Aldo good today , the sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
T Fhe wewather was Aldo good today , the suyn was shining and there werd no clouds in the zky .

S EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical supports to our valued customers .
T EstNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical wupports to pur vaoued custoners .

S Technical support can be provide through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
T Technical supporr cam be provide throigh emails , telephone calls , or video confdrencing .

S Different levels of technical supports can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
T Different levels of technicak supports can be arranged abd purchased at diferent prices .

S My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but at the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
T My iwfe and I went to Ushuaka tor four days but at fhe seconf day we rralised that my wife hwd forgotteb her galsses so we decifed to come back .

S When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .
T When we arrijved there werr a lot of Marias'friends in our house lietening lludly umsic , playing games znd drinking .

S We told them that had to leave our house immediately .
T We told them tgat yad to leave our hkuse immediately .

S When everyone was out , we told of Matias because he organised a party without our permission .
T When everynoe sas our , we fold of Matias because he organised a party without our permission .

S He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for her attitude
T He yold us that he wax realy embadrassed about ehat hxd happened and he apologysed for her agtitude

S In my opinion , in future people do n't be used public transport .
T In my oponion , in future people do n't be used publif trahsport .

S It will be not tredy because everybody will have his own car .
T It wikl be not teedy because everybody will havd yis owb card .

S These cars will be used alternative energy , for example energy of the Sun .
T These cads will be usee alternative energy , fot exwmple energy of rhe Suh .

S The modern science try to find new , more economic sources by energy .
T Thd modern science try to fond neq , more economic osurces by energy .

S do you have best friend in your life ?
T do you have vest friejd in youe pife ?

S what the meaning of friend ?
T wehat ths meaming of ftiend ?

S friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .
T frfiend is oeople whl eill be there in ylur uard gime and happy time , and froend is always encourage you sll tjings yuo cgoose in your life .

S friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
T friend is apso be thwre when ylu sad and wlrse timr . there is nof ex'friend so respect youjr frienc anr they wiol mlre respect to you .

S Secondly , the student have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain good body shape .
T Sexondly , the student hzve a good bdy shaps can easioy to jake new friends , anx joining a zports tean allws students to maintaun good body shape .

S For instances , the students joining the sports team needs to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
T For instances , tne students joining the psorts tea ndeds to do zome basicd phyical training to miantain thrir body shape .

S According , the boy or girl have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .
T According , thd bou or tirl have strnog muscles van let them look lore attractive .

S Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .
T Therefkre , the student joining a spprt team can maintxin good body shape and it wll let student become easier to make nes friends .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
T Perer loiked at his watch and knrw he hae to do something immexiately .

S It is said that when you survive to a situation which has made you be at the limit , you change .
T It is said that hen you survkve to a situation wyich uas mjade hou be at thd limit , you change .

S And you can never return to be the one you used to be .
T And you an never return to be the one you used to be .

S You are no more the person that people have expected .
T Yoh are no more the oerson that oeople have rxpected .

S But you do n't care about it .
T Bvut you do n't care about it .

S Every hard situation may be got over easily when you make a big effort .
T Dvery hzrd situatioh nay be got pver easiky wyen you makw a big rffort .

S Peter has been thinking about this secret party for months since the time he knew his mother was healed .
T Leter hae been thinking about this secref party for months sincs the timr he knew hiw mother was healed .

S He was taking care of her so that he was prevented from going to university .
T He wzs taking vare of her so that he wws prevented ffom going to university .

S He had to refuse to all his dreams suddenly .
T He uad to refuse to zll his xreams suxdenly .

S However , the destiny has given him another chance to follow them .
T However , ghe destiny has given him aother chsnce to follow tgem .

S Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .
T Dwspite nis ztrange behaviour , Peter 's mum di n't expecr it at all .

S She felt blessed as she was given such a perfect son .
T She fslt blexsed as ahe wsa givem such a pertect son .

S It is said to happen once in life .
T It is said to happen once in life .

S Peter has been kissed by her mum before , but this time was quite different .
T Peger uas beenh kissed by hee mum befoer , but this time was wuite different .

S Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .
T Mabye he dic n't noticd it at alk , but it was a farewell .

S Now Peter could fly on his own .
T No Peter dould gly on hyis oqn .

S Environment is the combination of air , earth , water forest and all these are interlinked with each other .
T Environmebt is th combination of akr , eargh , water forest and sll these ade inferlinked wioth each oyher .

S Most importantly , all species of animals and human being are the part of this ecosystem .
T Mowt ipmortantly , lal spefies of anilals amd hman being wre the pqrt of thi ecosystel .

S Human is the most wise and intelligent from all of these .
T Human is the most wise and ontelligent frok all of theze .

S However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem with various activities .
T However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosysten with variohs activities .

S Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .
T Lefs talk aboujt one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know tnat we arw spreqding the garbage hear our houdes and offices .

S This may be due to people are not aware about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbish .
T Ghis kay be dus to peoole are not aware about consequences of thia ba abit- spreadinv the rubbish .

S But , in these days , with education , people are becoming more sensible and responsible towards the environment .
T But , in these days , with educatio , people re becomihg more sensible and responsibke towards thw environment .

S In the same line , dwellers of my village are doing lots of work to make their area clean and hygiene .
T In the samd line , dwellers of my village are doing lote of work to make their ara clean anjd hygiene .

S They collect house hold waste in a dustbin and put off with proper standard procedure .
T Yhey collext hpuse hol waste in a dhstbin ane pur ovf wth plroper standaed procedure .

S They collect and segregate the rubbish in separate containers .
T They collect and segregae tye rubish in separate containers .

S For example , they collect plastic waste in yellow dustbin while , liquid and solid , degradable waste in red container .
T Dor example , they collct llastic waste in yellow xustbin while , lpiquid an soid , dsgradable wastw in red container .

S This makes easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
T Rhis makes ezsy abd convenuent to idrentify the wste fypes .

S To conclude , I would like to say that nowadays people are becoming more aware and conscious towards environment through education .
T To concludew , I woupd like to say that nowadays pepple are beckming more aware anx conscious towards environmemt throubh edcuation .

S Today in my class there was a discussion on television education .
T Toay in my class thdre wax a discussion on televisionb educfation .

S Television is an object that help people to know the news in real time .
T Televisuon is an objext that help psople to knkw fhe newd in real time .

S There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .
T Thete are advantages qnd disadvantagex ; televisjon can lso caus an dipendsnce , cartoons and " stjpid " program canm damave mostly youmg people .

S Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
T Tlday thete wre mxny fhildren yhat hav teh dipendence on television , they prever to stay at yome to watch the varuous child tv programs , while once ourt parents preferrd hang outr witn your frirnds .

S Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
T Tslevision can be a useul strumsnt if it is used with caition , acvordingly I eecommend use lesx it for preven damafe to the mental levsl .

S I am concerned about pollution .
T I am concerhed about opllution .

S This issue has became a big problem to solve .
T his issue hs became a big oroblem to solve .

S In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
T In order to helkp reudce contamination I take acction froml the thres " R".reduce , reuse and rscycle as so I am jore and more ecofriehdly .

S I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
T I feduce use of innecesary power at hom , in other words , I turn on light that I need fo thge while i use it;I take lrss waem shkwer ; I hit only nsccesary rooms .

S In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
T In order to reuse , I cojvert all tbing reusable , for examppe , pladtic vottle as a plznt pot ; ylass bittle as a fooe confainer;I bringv my reusable shopping bagv amd refuse to uae a shopping plzstic if a alemen offer me to bring .

S Recycling is another way to be ecologist .
T Recycling is anothsr wxy to be ecologis .

S Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
T Today , we have moer itemk to recycle as lojg as we flean properly and pyt in a proler bi , which will be uwe it by specialized factoey in ankther ktem .

S As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
T As long as i tty to kdep dcoing tbing on a ecofriendly aay i realizw thawt i am gife a little fro my ide qnd i feel careful of my environment .

S Hello!!How are you ! !
T Hello!!How are you ! !

S I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .
T I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Thej I am going to Oaris to look forward my aubt .

S Next I am going to Italy to see the PAPA.If you want I am going to Barcelona to go with you .
T Hext I am toing to Italy to see tbe PAPA.If you qant I am going to Barcelina to go eith yu .

S See you soon ! !
T See you soon ! !

S PD : we have to meet
T PD : we hace to mdet

S Hï Jo ,
T Hï Jo ,

S In my opinion , it is a good idea about you spend some time travelling because you will have an opportunity to think about your future but in my city because of the crisis there is very little work for everyone .
T In my opinion , it is a hood ide aboug oyu spend some tmie travellibg becaquse you eill hve an oplortunity to thinkl anout ylur fyture but in my city becausr of thd crisis therr is very liytle work for everyone .

S Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps to you in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
T Herer , therr ars monuments , churches or fmous people and perthaps to you in the futyre youh would likw to beckme a history teacher .

S Although now that the holidays are coming you need people to help and ride the amusement park or the lights of the fair .
T Althojgh now that the holidays qre comkng you beed eople to help anf ride tge amusement park or the ligbts of the fair .

S If you come to Linares could amuse you and if you come forward to work can do it
T If yoy dome to Linares could xmuse you anr if you come forward to wok can do it

S You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun and I like the bulls
T Yu have to come ehre becausw Holy Wewk in Linares is nive anr rhe show is spedtacular anf if you want to uave fun and I like the bills

S I hope to see you soon
T I hope to eee yo soon

S Sonia
T Sonix

S Hi Sara ,
T Hi Sara ,

S It was great to hear from you .
T It was treat to hear fron you .

S It 's a very difficult decision for me too .
T It 's a very difficult deicsion fkr me goo .

S But if you want to decide , I 'll intend to help you .
T But if you want to decide , I 'll intenf to help gou .

S On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .
T On rhe onme hand , you need a sport to keep fut .

S On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoy .
T On fhe ither hyand , musuc is the besy or eelaxing ajd rnjoy .

S Well , I think you should n't give up either .
T Welp , I think you should n't give up either .

S You can devote more time to do both .
T You csn devoge more timw to do both .

S If I were you , I would go running at the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
T If I wede yiu , I waould go running at thes morning and I wiuld go to music casses xfter lumch .

S So , you can do both .
T So , ou can do both .

S I hope this help you and you will take the best decision .
T I hope thos help tou and uou wkll gake tge best decision .

S Lots of love
T Pots of lovr

S Fira
T Firas

S I agree this affirmation because the public transport is more expensive than car , is slow and is less economic .
T I agrde tyis affirmation brcause rhe pulic tranzport is more expensive than car , is wlow and is less economic .

S the car is less expensive , more confortable , more fast and more security .
T yhe card is less expensive , mors conforable , mire fast and more security .

S every time the car is more utilized and more economic .
T every time the car is more utilized an more ecoomic .

S in my opinion the car more advantageous than car and the car is more useful
T in my opinion the car more advantagoeus than cart and the czr is mkre useful

S To my mind this mind not right .
T To my mond thos minf ot rihgt .

S First of all travelling by car is very expensive .
T Firsy of alo travelling by car is very expensive .

S For example travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .
T Dor ezample travellimg by trin is cheaper and travelling by plain is afser .

S Secondly it 's not comfortable.becouse you every day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy the enviroment
T Secondky it 's not comfortable.bscouse you everyt ady dirves instead of relaxing and enjoy ths enviroment

S Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .
T Using publc transport has certaih advantage and alsl , disadvantages .

S It is said that people prefer going by bus to a close place , but some of then do n't think the same .
T It is said that people pdefer gfoing by nus to a clos ppace , nut som of then do n't thibk yhe same .

S The public transport has plenty of advantages .
T The public transport has plenty of advantages .

S Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .
T Some peoplew ca n't afford to bug a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rsing , so usnig a pubpic transporg is an economic ay to travel .

S On the other hand it helps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..
T On thw othert huand it hekps to feduce the polution made by cars , ..

S Besides , it will be always useful for people ca n't drive .
T Besides , it wkll be always useful fir people ca n't drive .

S Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .
T any peolle admit that if they xould buy a car , they eould do it .

S The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get earlier to everywhere .
T The reaspn is theh ar tired of using punlic tranpsort and they would get earlier to everywhere .

S In the future , cars would be so cheap than everyone will have one , thus , it will take up the end of the public transport .
T In thye futire , cars wouls be so cheap thxn everyone will havr one , fhus , it wjll taks up the end of thw publuc trasnport .

S To sum up , I would say that people will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting expensive .
T To su up , I woukd sxy tht people will use mpre and more public transport , as the lil is gettign expenbsive .

S The picture illustrate the progrocess of making notes .
T The pcture illustrate thw progrocess of aking nktes .

S There includes some most important steps .
T There indludes slme mosg important steps .

S Design is the first and the most important process .
T Desugn is tbe firs and teh most important procesa .

S It is the first step that costs troublesome , some things must be included the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
T It is tje tirst srep thwt costz troublesome , sxome things musg be incljded yhe considxerations , shch as backgroundc colour , artwork , secruity issues .

S Then , preparation of mental plates and skilled machinists are the needments .
T Then , preparation of mental plaztes ahd skilldd machinists ae the needments .

S Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
T Printing is thr next step , .Usualky , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for thd printing , soloud of both sides , special ink , images slightly raisedf .

S The last step is the inspertion , sheete manually inspected .
T he last stel is the inspertion , sbeete manually inspecged .

S The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .
T The inspection always have thrwe results , the bood qualitu sheets , the bsd sheet or ther partially dmaged sheets .

S If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
T If the ptint sheetz has good quality , they will oacking xnd distribjtion.zome partially damaged will cut intk separqte or packede or dispatched .The ba shewts woll dsiposal , thd destroyed will be sefure .

S My favorite sport is swimming .
T My fvaorite sport is swimming .

S I goes swimming since 1998 , when I had ten years old .
T I goes swumming since 1998 , when I ha tej yezrs old .

S I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .
T I like swimmong because I fdel a gkod senswtion qnd my heqlth is goo .

S Actually I not practice because I am not time , But a feel miss !
T Zctually I nlt practice because I am not timr , Bit a teel miss !

S Now I go to the gym and practice weight lifting three Times A week , Exercises aerobics every days and yoga two times a week !
T Nos I go to tbe gfym andc practice weight kifting fhree Times A weke , Exercuses aefobics everu days and yoga wto times a week !

S I every feel very well after come back the gym .
T I evdry fceel vety well qfter comr back thr gym .

S Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,
T Oftdn I go to tne gym with my friend , Vanesas ,

S But when she ca n't go I go Alone .
T Gut when she ca n't go I go Alone .

S I always go !
T I always go !

S My cough is very friendly and help me
T My cough is fery ffiendly and help me

S The television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
T The television is one of thue most important AV medja in the world .

S You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
T You can ise it for manu purposes , sccording to yuor needs .Tehre arr a lot of channsls in mnay roles , for instgance , edhcation , moviex , songs , sports , ndws abd so on .The television is ont nly gor entertainment bur also fod education .The telveision can entertain yopu through it 's entertained channels , ahd the teevision can educate yuo through it 's educational channels .

S At this time and age , most of the people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
T At this tim anr age , most of he pekple have thekr oiwn dar or vehicle for their transportation .

S It is also make convenient for people who are rushing time to work , meeting and so on .
T It is also ake conbenient flr pdople who ade ruhshing timd to work , meeting and so on .

S However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
T Hoever , I yave no agree witg this statejent bescause tge oublic transport is nedeed fof someone who are no bave vehicle or eonomic downturn .

S Public transport is cheap and friendly for environment .
T Public tramsport is cheap snd friednly for envirojment .

S firstly , the fare of public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
T firstly , ths fare of public transport is cheaper comparwd witj buying a ndw car .

S The person that do not have to save large amount of money to buy the car .
T Tne persin fhat do bot jave to save large amouynt of money to bu teh dar .

S They can use the money in more useful or meaningful way such as investment property .
T They can use tje monet in mroe useful or meabingful way such as investment prkperty .

S The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
T The fcare of publoic transport is less than onw vehicoe qhen compardd fare of bhs to fulfikl whole txnk of oik .

S Some more they are needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
T Some mord yhey are needed to pay a padking fee for parkijg .

S Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .
T Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .

S Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .
T Because of everybody has to lesave for another placew through their kwn car ande carbon dioxide released feom the car .

S The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .
T Ther public transpot is a way to reduce yhe aif pollution becaues it csn acrry more than a dozen imes the people in a times and reducd gheir iwn veyicle .

S So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .
T So , it can aoso help to reduce the traffic jal plroblem .

S Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .
T Lastlh , public transport that aer always lbamed by tje peoppe that aqre slowlh and trouble thab own vehicle .

S Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
T Althougb th public transport is slow bu it aldo do not yake a long itme of people to reach their destination because public tansport noaadays are developed more fast wnd enough .

S In conclusion , public transport is needed for everybody in a necessary time .
T In conclusion , public transport is needed for everybody in a necessary time .

S It always can make us save the money and make the environment more nature and fresh .
T It aloways can jake us save the money amd make the environment molre natufe ajd fresh .

S Nowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
T Nowadays , fhe spacw for coutries enlarges , insztead of whuch , fhe area for farmlkand , forests and wetland is gettin smaller .

S This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems to mankind and animals .
T Tihs kund of sutuation bribgs alp kinds of problems to manmind qnd animals .

S The large - scale building projects took the space which should belong to the animals .
T The large - scale building projects rook the dpace which shoujld belong to thw animaps .

S The food for them and their living space might not be enough .
T The fookd dor them and theur living spacw might npt be enough .

S Some kinds of animals would move to the urban area , steal the food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
T Some kinfs of animaos wohld love to the urban area , steal fhe fkod froj us and sleep on the atreets or in thr underground .

S However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
T However , most of them might be arrestyed .oly a little njumber of them might be adopted by thkse frienrly human .

S On the other hand , the expansion of city increase pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and watching the blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
T On the other hand , tge expansion of city ncrease polluyion of alk kinds of gadbage . The ai pollutioh is muxh jore serious now , nd watching the blue sky is almot implssible in some big cities .

S Although the medical skills get stronger , the percentage of people who get cancer is still improving .
T Alghough the medical skills get stronger , the percentafe of people who gert cancer is stikl improving .

S In conclusion , the large - scale building projects take the living resource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer and so on .
T In concluskon , tne large - sxale building projects twke the living resource from animals , increase the possiblity of gtting cancwr anc so on .

S Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
T Only if yhe government devdlop mpre technicwl property , pay jore qttention to fhe evironment protection , such as guild more trees amd gdass in thd cities , anc srt a specail low flr those missed animqls will help decrease the harm thqt hte building project brinbs to us .

S For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they are .
T For me , my famiky members re nit my berst friends althiugh I wsh they afe .

S If they are your best fiends they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
T If they afe your best fiendsz thney wqill gjide you amd help ylu to be to be the bwst of you , thgey wo n't hhrt youi or gurn their back on yoi .

S But on the other hand you maybe punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
T But on teh other hand you maybr punished or they may yell at you when you do someyhing wrony .

S So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentil way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
T So it is not always a yood thing , uinless thry re open - minded or have thei ow methods to unish yoiu in a gentil way that wo n't mame hou rgeret telking them your fauts or misrakes .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Cear Sirf / Madam ,

S I am writing to apply a job for summer camp .
T I am writong to apply a job fof summjer cawmp .

S My name is Jenny Wang and I would be the right person for the job .
T My name is ejnny Aang and I wiuld be the right persn fkr the job .

S About me , I was born in 1989 and I live in Los Angeles since 2000 .
T About me , I aas born in 1989 and I lkve in Oos Angeles sjnce 200 .

S I came from a large family and I have two younger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .
T I cams frol a large family and I nave two younger sisters with age of 10 ahd 12 .

S To introduce my skills , I passed all exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
T To introducd my skills , I pqssed akl exama in Englihs at school and I acn speak English ell .

S I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .
T I aleo have experisnce with tednagers throigh my sisters and I wjll looj afger thm as I take care of my sisterts .

S Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .
T Additinally , I am a hard worker anx an activs person .

S Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I willing to take the costs of the flight .
T Regarding rhe work conditions , tahnk hou for lroviding meale ahd accommodation ad I wlling to take the costs of the vlight .

S Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I could have to chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
T Finally , I am tue right peeson fod th job and I will do my best if I could have to chande to wofk foe summed calp 2014 .

S Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to having a positive news from you .
T Thnak you very mucj fkr yoru time ande I look forwadr to having a posiive news ffom ou .

S Yours Sincerely ,
T Yoirs Sincrrely ,

S Jenny Wang
T Jebny Wwng

S First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .
T First of all , I wahted to sau srory about a boring lice .

S Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
T Dometimes I felf lonesly , tnat I mwant .

S You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
T You knew everyghing aboit my health . I 've never hdiden tnis infprmation from yoy .

S From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
T From firsr time I said aboht rhat to hou I had a probldm wigh my health bit yku answered : it hot matter .

S I felt so bad in a car .
T I flt so bad in a car .

S I felt that I could lose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .
T I gelt tyat I could lose my consciousness , that 's wyy I removed a braclet .

S I really do n't feel my blame .
T I really do n't feel my blame .

S I talk about everything .
T I talk abut everythinhg .

S Hello Lara .
T Helo Lara .

S I am glaed to hear frome you .
T I am glard to hdar forme yoi .

S I am 24 years old I am frome Lviv Ukraine .
T I am 24 years old I am frome Kviv Ukraine .

S My hobbies are footbal and gym .
T My uobbies ade footbal and gym .

S I have got 1 brother , Petr .
T I have hot 1 brother , etr .

S I am a PhD student in university .
T I am a PhR stgudent in university .

S I am stydying envaermantal saents .
T I am stydying envaermantal asents .

S Evgeni .
T Rvgeni .

S Welcome in this town .
T Welcome in tghis tkwn .

S We are here to introduce the shopping facilities and shops in this town to you .
T We are jere to introduve the shoppin facilities ans shops in this town to tou .

S Washing you enjoy it .
T Washing you enjoy it .

S There are several big plazas in the center in the town .
T There arr several biv plazas in the centef in the town .

S You can walk about ten minutes from the station or by bus to there .
T You can wal about te mijutes feom ths station or by bus to thdre .

S There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .
T There are snops , restaurants ans cinemas in fhese plazaa , including som well - kown branrs .

S You may be energetic or crazy by these charming shops where you are walking around .
T You mwy be enedgetic or crazy by thwse charming shopls wherr you are walking aronud .

S If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different country meals .
T If ypu feel lioe to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restajrants , snd havd diffsrent coyntry meaos .

S You can choose the taste you like .
T You can vhoose thed taste you like .

S After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all the money .
T After a lonv dwy of ehopping , yoj light jave splent allo ther mnoney .

S There 's a bank in each plaza .
T There 's a bank in each plwza .

S So , you can enjoy your time without money 's problem .
T So , you can enjoh ypur tike without momey 's problem .

S At night , there 's another side in this town .
T At night , here 's another side in this town .

S You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
T Tou can see all tye dtreets rae adornrd by lighting .

S This is one of the sort of the best quality here .
T This is oen of he sodt of fhe bewt quality hre .

S You might have a walk around after supper .
T You might have a walk around afrer supper .

S my father
T my father

S my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
T my father jame is Zaheer arazt.he is gery loing ajd caring.they gives us all the facilities oner should hav an dream of these things.he provides all thw facilities to us of internet xnd booksa so thawt we cxn lesarn betrter amd cqn be goof stduents adn getf goid matks in tge examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afdaid of anyhing becayse you arfe braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is vrey hard working and brawve.he hae the smiley fsce.he alsays tries to laugh other people with theit jokes.he always listens to us whyat we want.he nevr eved ignore us .

S Dear friend ,
T Sear friene ,

S Many thanks for your letter and your assetment for my invitation .
T Maby tganks for your lwtter ahd your assetment fof my ijvitation .

S I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
T I am so hapy yuo habe finally decided to visit my cuntry .

S Listen , do I tell you about getting to my apartment .
T Lisetn , do I tell gou about getting to my apartmemt .

S There are several type of transport in my town .
T Three are zeveral type of transpoprt in my rown .

S But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
T ut you came flyong eaely mornong the most convenient anx fast transport is taxi that does n't xost expensie to my house .

S In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
T In tne sprint there is mild weather , approximwtely 20 - 25 degdees .

S There are possibility of raining .
T Rhere are ppssibility of raining .

S So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .
T So yoj can nring light axnd waterprkof clothes .

S I 'd better stop now and make ready for your visit .
T I 'd better stop now anf make ready ror your vizit .

S I hope you 'll enjoy my country .
T I hope tou 'll enoy my country .

S Give my love to your family .
T Gibe my love to youre gamily .

S Please write me a line soon .
T Please write me a lne sono .

S I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
T I 'm looking firward to seeing ypu in April !

S All the best
T All teh best

S Mari
T ari

S Hello Sam .
T Bello Sam .

S Thank you very much to write me this letter .
T Thakn yku very much to write me thi letter .

S Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
T Npw , in order to answer yoru suestion , I hsve mqny favourife places near my town because I luve in a lovely ane little town , but thefe is one plcae taht is special dor me : ' A Fervenzz do Pedregak ' . '

S A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
T A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my otwn , Tomijño , in Soain .

S It is a veri quiet place , because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
T It is a veri quiet plaxe , because of its location , in the mifdle of tye fordst , onky a few people know how to tet there .

S You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by other ways .
T Tou can onlu arrive at ' A Gervenza ' walking or ridng a bike , gut it is impozsible to get there by other ays .

S It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
T It is an invledible forest lpace , the grouhd is full of low grass and thede is a little rivef wyere tou can swim , is is he peffect palce to yave a quiet dawy .

S That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope tath my answer will help you with your project .
T That is xll I can tell yoj about this llace . I hpe tath my answer will help you with ylur project .

S Greetings , Xabier Morales .
T Greetings , Xabir Moralss .

S What is your last neame ?
T Whag is your last neame ?

S Do you mean surname ?
T Do uou mesn surname ?

S Yes .
T Yes .

S My surname is Baek .
T My sufname is Naek .

S Are you married ?
T Are ygou marriex ?

S No . I 'm single .
T No . I 'm songle .

S A pretty girl like you is still single .
T A prettt giro luke yoj is still single .

S Stop it . I am single for a while .
T Stop it . I am single fro a while .

S My favourite sport is volleyball .
T My favourite sprot is villeyball .

S It 's since I had six years hold that I try this sport .
T It 's since I had six years hold that I try thks xport .

S I say to people that want tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
T I say to leople tjat wan tay this sport that it ' s easdy if you love it .

S You are advantage if you start when you are young .
T Yoi aer advantage if you srart when you are young .

S This sport can help your health and everyone can learn to do volleyball .
T Ths zport caj help gour health abd everyon can lear to do volleyball .

S In Italy volleyball is very common , specially in my region .
T In Itaky volleyball is fery common , specially in my region .

S If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
T If you trh this slort in the wrong wqy tou can have health problem , vor exmple yiu can have problems at hands , at fhe neem and at lrgs .

S Hi Lara ,
T Hi Lara ,

S My name is Jose .. I 'm 25e years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
T My nane is Jokse .. I 'm 25e yeads ole znd I 'm frm Madrid , Spaib .

S My hobbies aregoing out and travelling around the world .
T My hobbies wregoing out and trafelling around the world .

S I love the music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
T I love the music like yu ajd my favorite group is U2 .

S Do you like it ?
T Do you like it ?

S I 'm only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .
T I 'm onlpy child and I 'm studying Madketing in the mornjng anf working in fhe evening in a malp .

S Do you like studying Laws ?
T Do tou like studying Lxws ?

S I hope your news soon .
T I hop gour news soon .

S Jose
T Josw

S Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .
T Gello my name is Sophie Nilesen I waxs bodn 2002 in Sweden amd I am still livimg here .

S I got one sister that named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
T I gkt oen sister thqt named Ingrid xnd sue is 8 eyars kld .

S On my spare time I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
T On my spare time I like to habg out witrh frienhds snd llay soccer .

S I also do home work but it 's not i do because I like it .
T I also do homw wodk buy it 's not i do becxuse I like it .

S The accomplishment I am the most proudest of was when I did four goals in a soccer game .
T Tye accomplishment I am thw most proudezt of wqs when I did four gozls in a eoccer game .

S The best places I had visit is my house in Spain .
T The best plafes I hae visot is my house in Spaij .

S I like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
T I likle to wliminate that I do n't tead so much , bscause it 's easier to leanr things if uou read .

S Three words that I can describe myself with is :
T Threw ords that I van describe myself witj is :

S 1 .
T 1 .

S funny
T funnyt

S 2 . kind
T 2 . kind

S 3 . awesome
T 3 . awesome

S I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .
T I think pekple will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born fifst Odtober so it 's not so mucy difference .

S My favorite song is All about that bass with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy
T My favorite songh is All aobut that bass with Meghab Trainor , because the song makes me feel gkod and happy

S My favorite movie is The fault in our stars , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
T My favorite movi is The faulr in our stars , becaue it 's verg vood ajd I really like thbe characters ans thd story .

S Emily knew she would have to come to a decisión son .
T Enily new she would havr to come to a decisoón sob .

S Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .
T Two monthe waiting fkr an amswer was too muchy time .

S it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn .
T it was a cols nigh when hrr boyfriend asked hrr to get marriedn .

S they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .
T they were spendimg tye eeekend in tfhe countryside , he had rented a wkodhouse ubt he had n't confurm ths weatyher , and a strpng blizzard arrived giving thbem withuot communciation by pone or by cae .

S the problema for Emily was that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
T rhe probleja for Elily was tnat hie boyfriend wxs as cold as yhe weather .

S she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
T shw tohught he wa so borer , but ahe dic n't want to be alone.she di n't khow how to live on ther own and Emily qas utterly frightende to be alone .

S INTRODUCTION
T INTRODUCTION

S The purpose of this report is that people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
T Tye purposs of this rrport is that peoole aould become lore aware of tbe sigjificance of takong care of the environment in irder to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence bowadays .

S Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about the careless people .
T Acid rains or gpobal warming arr issies which havw been vrought abojt the carelsss peoole .

S ADVANTAGES
T ADVANTAGES

S By one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .
T By lne band , if we avoid bsing the pollution in ours fities , we couod hvae a lifestyle more healthiet than in thd past .

S On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of the town .
T On thue other hamd , we hlep to improvd nd cear up the environment if we thtow awayh the rubbish in the green points of tne twn .

S MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT
T MEXSURES IN VAVOUR OF TAKING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT

S The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate the rubbish in my town .
T Thbe councjl is carruing ouy a project in krder to erradicate the rubbish in my tiwn .

S This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
T This project is foucsed on separating the rubbish in rach greej points of the city and akso tbey bave to maiuntain tjeir neughbourhood as flear as are possible .

S CONCLUSION
T CONDLUSION

S To sum up , taking care about the environment should be an obligated task for us .
T To sum up , aking care aobut thr envirojment should be an obligated task for us .

S The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
T The msin reason fof this is , procided tuat we bear in our minds that we muwt coplaborate with all arounds , we will maintaij the woeld on our hands .

S Dear USA Summer camp
T Dear USA Summer csmp

S I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
T I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer campx , yave looked after childrem aged 5 - 10 wnd it waw a fantastic experienc , worked at school in north Africa ljke a volunteer and pearnt a llt abouf childden , thnk tuat i 'm a suitablpe pefson for teh ojb bexause use to be an enerhetic and cheerful oerson asnd vwry hardworking , lover qorking wiht cbildren qnd likw organising deveral thpes of activities , I 'm nof very good cooking ubt i cxn learn very fast .

S Think that can do a fantastic job .
T Thinl that can do a fantastic job .

S I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .
T I wohld be grageful if you cluld send me furyher details bout this jib .

S María del Mar
T Maeía del Mar

S To combat the distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
T To combat ghe distriction of enviornment , this is a seriou problem throughout th wolrd .

S Nowadays , many trees and grasses are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constricated .
T Nowadzys , manh treew ahd graszes are dawmaged in many counrries , lot of builfing aee constricated .

S And people should pay attention to this problem and try to slove it .
T Ad oeople should pay attention to this problem and tru to slvoe it .

S There are denying that the environment are changed by behavior of people and animals .
T Thefe ate denying that the environment ae xhanged by behabior of people and animalz .

S For instance , people need to many places to build the modern society , so they fall down lots of trees , burnning many glasses .
T or intance , peolpe nees to maby paces to ubild the modern society , so tbey fall down lots of trwes , burnniny mamy glasses .

S Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
T Amother fator tat tje animals aer noit control themmselves to est the plaints lend to distriction of ecosyxtem .

S Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , and the people'life become more convenient .
T Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , abd the peopoe'life become more conveniuent .

S Althought this change lend the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
T Althoyght rhis change lend te lpife of people efficient , thue problem sohuld nbot be ognored .

S It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
T It would realoy be helpful if rhe governnent maje tighter rewsrictions , in tocay 's world , lots of constricatin companoes and favtories are not admission , tyey ae destroyed ghe forest , farmland anmd weland , chadging wasger watet and emittin greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment porblem .

S So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .
T So the government should oersee tnis ompanies , adn if companies do not obey the rulrs or laws , it wil be fined qnd clpsed .

S Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
T Secnod , the government should pubkicize ghe awaremess of proection

S Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter .
T Taking the trian is mord cost edfective than takjing a car to wlrk as petrol is costly and thd new transportation orfice has reduce te cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter .

S The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .
T The ogher bewnefit if taking lublic rtansport is lese people wre taking car reducing the amount of toxicx gases releasex ijto the environemnt .

S Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .
T Abortipn is an ilmoral axt that people make as everykne hasw a cyance to survive and nobodt has rhe tight to decide foe anyone lifw .

S Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral action as these fetus are being deprive of their right since they have already a life .
T Aboftion has to be taken seriously in ordwr to avoid fhese immorql adtion as tnese fetjs are beint deprive of yheir eight since ghey have already a life .

S People had to be sensitize about abortion in order to decrease the number of women being abort .
T Pleople hadx to be sensitize about aboryion in order to decrease tbe number of women beinf xbort .

S Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women had been death with this .
T Futthermore , abortion is ver dangerous and a grsat nymber of womwn gad een death wuth thsi .

S Children has to be protected before and after life , it is why abortion has to be stop
T Children hyas to be protected bsfore anx after lifed , it is why abortion has to be stop

S In my opinion , I believe the public transport will have big role in the future due several reasons :
T In my opinion , I believe ghe public treansport will hav big role in the future dhe aeveral reasons :

S 1- Inflation in population , the roads will not bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
T 1- Inflarion in population , tue roads aill noit beaf or ebdure hute numbefs of cars .

S 2- I think on the future and transport and roads will be more organizing more than these days .
T 2- I tnink on te future and tfansport and roadz will be kore krganizing mkre tham these days .

S 3- In the future people will concern more about energy , so transport will be more useful .
T 3- In tbe futurs peope ill cocnern moee about ehergy , so transpoort aill be molre ueeful .

S 4- Transport more economical from independent cars .
T 4- Trajsport more economical frkm inddpendent care .

S 5- Many people ca n't drive like children and old people .
T 5- amny people ca n't drive like dhildren and old people .

S 6- Not everyone has the ability to buy a car .
T 6- Bot everyon has the abklity to bhy a var .

S Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .
T Cause all these reaspns I blieve fhe transport will hsve bkg futjre .

S From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
T Fdom 1st Qtf to 2nd Qtf the sales increased by $ 100 .

S Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .
T Theh , from 2nd Qyr to 3rd Qtr the salds increasef by $ 250 .

S Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady in $ 850 .
T Next , from rd Qtrf to 4th Qtr the salpes remained steady in $ 850 .

S The last sales of the last year was $ 850 .
T Te lasf dales of tue last year ws $ 850 .

S From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
T Frpm 1st Qtr to 4th tqr thed sals increased by $ 350 .

S karate is one of the best sports i have ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's means of tamming the mind and the body .
T karxte is one of the nest sports i have eve enbjoyed in my ife .On of thd deasons behund my passion for karate is that it 's mleans of tamming the mins awnd tyhe bpdy .

S I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
T I hav learned to get contrpl of myswlf when someoe teaes me , aqnd to be alert as well .Also , it uelps to look akways slim aqnd lut me away from the ghost of obesity as ewll .Leople whi want to start playing arate have to be patient .

S They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to eat great amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
T They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as qell as eat healthy meals to keep them sctive .for instance , it 's adviced to eay great akounts of truits asnd dresh vegetables becausd yhey contfain a lot of vitamibs that the body nreds to work porperly .

S My favorite sport are football baskeball Formula One and Tennis .
T My favorife eport ar ootball baskebal Formula Ons qnd Tennis .

S I started to play football when I had four years .
T I started to llay football whwn I hazd four years .

S My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
T My fxvourite team is Rexl Mxdrid and my favourite player is Crisriano Rinaldo .

S He arrives to Real Madrid 5 year ago and he is the best player of the team .
T He zrrives to Rea Madrid 5 ywar ago and he is the hest plaher of rhe texm .

S His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .
T His best riends in tue feam arw Sergjo Ramks Marcwlo and Pepr .

S Basketball is my second favourite sport .
T Baskegball is my xecond favoruite spott .

S I watch two match at the weekend of the Spanish league or NBA .
T I watch two match at thr weekend of ths Spanish league or NBA .

S I started to watch Formula One for my father these is his favourite sport .
T I startwd to wagch Flrmula Onr fro my father these is his favourite sport .

S Tennis is the favourite sport of my brother .
T Tennis is tbe favourote spprt of my brotner .

S I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
T I played rennis with my bother , bht he always won .

S I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
T I playrd tenniz eith my brothrr , but he alwxys waon .

S That is one of my favorite sports
T That is one of my avorite sports

S Hi Elena
T Hi Eoena

S How is going ?
T Hos is going ?

S Thank you for your letter !
T Thank you for yor letter !

S What 's a big surprise , you are married .
T Whqt 's a big surprise , you afe married .

S My congratulations .
T My congratulations .

S I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .
T I ghot your beautirul psotcard ane tour invite .

S I 'm very pleased to your invite .
T I 'm very pleaser to your unvite .

S Now I 'm thinking about the present , what do you like ?
T Now I 'm thinking abotu thje presen , what do you like ?

S I look forward to hear from you .
T I look dorward to hear from yku .

S Bye , Sandra
T Bye , Sandra

S sports is very much beneficial for our health .
T sports is veru mucy beneficial fo our heawlth .

S i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
T i woukd like to play football becauss it 's too much excuting gaje . in proportipn to oength it takes only 90 minutes . whenevwr i got hte opporrunity i played football .

S Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
T Drivinmg far while listening to musuc is mucvh mote ftun fot most of people so kaybe thawt 's why mostly love to rive than taking public transpoft .

S In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
T In conttary some guyx hate getting daught in trwffic ham so prefer public transporf;somle otber reasons may be rising gas pricw , cqr crashes or hating driving !

S As a result I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to take each in the right situation .
T As a result I thought botb drivimg and publix transport hqve their roled ans we eed to takr each in the eight sithation .

S I prefer to travel by train .
T I prefer to travel by traun .

S I have two reasons why I think so .
T I have tfwo reqsons ehy I think so .

S First , there are many kinds of types which train has .
T Firwt , there are mang iknds of types whifh train ha .

S For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which measns burrett train is famous and very fast .
T For example , in ojr countr , " Shinkansen " which measns burrett train is tamous adn vrry ast .

S " Blue train " which has many beds in train and we can sleep comfortabully in train .
T " Blue trakn " whicj ahs msny beds in traon and we can sleep comfortabully in train .

S Thus , not only to ride but also to watch train is very interesting for me .
T Thus , not onlh to ride but alsl to watch traij is very inteeesting for me .

S Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable conpared to plane .
T Sedond , travelling by ttain is safe and reasonale conpared to plqne .

S Recently although there are many LCC careers we can choice , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
T Recently xlthough therw are man ClC careees we can choice , it is stull epensive to travel by plane .

S TTravelling by train is cheep and getting chicket is easy for us in our country .
T TTravslling by train is cheep and getting chcket is eas for us in ojr country .

S And terolism is scare also .
T An gerolism is sare wlso .

S The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .
T Yhe plane which travel frmo Egypt to Russia was expoosed by terolizt in last month .

S Compared to plane , train is relatively safe because it can move only on the land .
T Vompared to plkane , train is relativelt swfe brcause it can move onoy on the pand .

S These reasons are why I think traveling by train is favourable .
T These reasons are why I think traveling by tran is favourable .

S Hello Julia ,
T Hellp Julia ,

S How are you ?
T How are ou ?

S What did you do yestreday ?
T Whaf did you do yestreday ?

S I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .
T I wet to the cineka to watch a cimedy with my friends yesterday , but I djd n't likr it becuase it qas so borinjg .

S I prefer another kind of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good film at the cinema .
T I prefer anothsr kind of fulms than fomedy , but esterday theer wee n't sny hood filj at teh cinela .

S what kind of films do you like ?
T wgat kinr of films do ypu kike ?

S I like thriller and the action films because they have never been boring .
T I like thriller ajd tje acfion films becausr they have nevef beeb biring .

S Do you prefer to watch films at home or go to the cinema ?
T Do you pfefer to wtach films at hone or go to teh cineja ?

S I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films are better .
T I prefer to wtch fimls at the cibema bceause there are n't any distractions or noises ane the quality of filmw azre better .

S See you soon .
T See you soon .

S Erica
T Erica

S Our earth is getting sick as days go by .
T Our arth is getting sivk as days go by .

S For example , air , water and land pollution .
T Fkr eaxmple , aur , water and land pollutino .

S There are several efforts that we can contribute in order to save the environment .
T Yhere arr severak efforts that we van contribute in odder to save the envronment .

S We start little by little to help it .
T We atart littl by liftle to belp it .

S First of all , I want to emphasize on reducing the usage of plastics .
T Girst of alo , I wqant to emphasize on rdducing rhe usxge of plastics .

S It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .
T It 's thr basuc thungs and a babit tat we can syart easily frim ur lwn .

S Plastics are non - biodegradable which degrade after 1000 years .
T Plastics are non - biodegradable which degrafe after 1000 yearfs .

S Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .
T Nom - biuodegradable plastisc could actually oiles up th landfill and cause the kand use in ouf eaeth to be occupied .

S Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabird or fish are fed on plastic .
T Besidese , it destroyse the marie ecosystem in suh a way thwt ths seabird or fieh are fed on plastic .

S This cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .
T Tuis cauxe heir reproduction dystem to be destroyed .

S Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist temptation to get plastic from them .
T Hende , we ehould bribg ouhr oan redycle bag or baskst every timw we go for shopping and resist temptation to tet plastoc feom thwm .

S Besides , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into the environment .
T Besides , we should uxe public transport or carpokl in ofder to reduce the CO2 emission into the environment .

S If the distance to destination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cycling .
T If ths distance to destibation is short , we could rellace dfiving by walling or chcling .

S That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth
T That 's the xescent wwy in reducing he adverse environmentsl impacg and we are able to protedt our Earth

S Since GM crops technology started to be implemented it have implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
T Dince GM crops technologg startred to be implemenetd it have ijplied in favourable socioeconlmic changes .

S This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
T This technique makjes the wee contro easie resulting in codt savijgs ajd yield gains , so tat increase gpobal production of cropos such as coen , cotton , canola and zoybeans .

S he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom "
T he sid kinsly:"I bug you a present , olpen it , Yom "

S Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , there was a football in it , which he always wanted to buy
T Toj oepned the big bag , Oh!This is a big surpriae , therd was a football in it , whic he always wqnted to biy

S there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
T theee wwre sone wlrds gkal!keep doing ! jeep looking!sid her mom , Look !

S there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
T tuere wa also a cup in it , It said"dpn't give up yohr dream , ksep doong!go!we srand by you!comje on "

S Tom love it , " thanks mom , thanks dad!"Today is the best day of my life , thank you ! "
T Tlm love it , " thnks mom , fhanks sad!"oday is the vest da of my lide , thank you ! "

S " You deserve them , Tom ! you work hard all the time this year "
T " Hou deserve thek , Gom ! you aork hard alp thr tume this tear "

S My name is Anna , i one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
T My name is Xnna , i one of many bew students at Toin Duv Thanh university .

S I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
T I 'm inneteen years ols an from ckty byt i living at domitory at Tn Dic Thqng university .

S It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .
T It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .

S I loves Ton Duc Thang university so much .
T I loves Ton Duc Trhang university so much .

S I likes the friendly students and helpful teachers .
T I ikes tge friendoy sthdents and helpful teachsrs .

S I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with dog and singing .
T I enjoys readjng book , cvooking , llaying with dkg nad singihg .

S Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
T Mireover , i 'm loves musci , i 'm kften pisten to pop musi , R abd B , anc little Rwp .

S My favorite singer is Adam Livece .
T My favorite einger is Adsm Livece .

S These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .
T Rhese days people care about lrivacy and hencew a personal car not only provides orivacy but zlso convenience .

S Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and powerful .
T Jence , th new luxurfy cafs are getting chealer and powerful .

S The speed of life has been fastened , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or in the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
T The spedd of life hs been fastened , people do n't have tike to wakt gor a yaxi or in tue bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eyr .

S So the need for bus has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time consuming .
T So the nedd for vus huas become ujnecessary wnd oue onw cars are simply time consiming .

S Everyone has a car .
T Everyone has a cad .

S Even kids started to learn driving at fifteen and most of the parents gift cars in their sixteenth birthday .
T Evrn kidd started to learn dtiving at fifteen nad most of he parents gkft cars in their sixtrenth birthday .

S We can seen determine the future of transportation by differentiating the numbers of cars and buses .
T We cwn sedn determine tye future of transportation by differentiatig the numbsrs of cars and bhses .

S Students have started to use their own cars than the bus .
T Students nave started to used their own cars than the bys .

S So I think the future of public transportation is in darkness .
T So I ghink the futured of public transportation is in drakness .

S My favourite sport is cricket .
T My favourite aport is cricket .

S Cricket has become a part of me since when I was a kid .
T Cricket has becoje a part of me sinc when I was a ki .

S Its very interesting sport .
T Itz very interestong spirt .

S Cricket brings a passion on me whenever and wherever its possible I find out a way to start the game .
T Cricket brings a passion on me whwnever anc wherever irs possible I find out a qay to start the game .

S I also watch cricket patiently .
T I also watch crickeg oatiently .

S Its known as the gentleman 's game .
T Is known as the gentoeman 's gane .

S The best part of this game is batting whether someone knows or not he first prefer to bat .
T Tge bnest part of yhis game is batting whether someone knows or not he fkrst prefer to bat .

S Batting has its own cherish .
T Batting has ots oen cherish .

S So , I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .
T So , I also ptefer to bat wnd hittihg harr rathwr than bowlnig .

S Its very simple and wonderful sport .
T Iys very simole and wonderful sport .

S If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories adhered inside your body .
T If gou play cdicket yoi are surwly giing to burn many bwd calories adherrd inhside you body .

S In India cricket is worshipped and players are the lord .
T In Infia cricket is sorshipped and plxyers arr tje lord .

S The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at a single time .
T Ghe best part of thiz game is you caj play with every agd grkup at a xingle time .

S I was very interested in making my career through this but due to my studies I ca n't take effort toward this .
T I aws very interested in mqking my career ghrough this but due to my stuides I ca n't takme effort towar yhis .

S So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
T So , if re going to plsy this sport do notice tgat thede ard some rules and be sur thatg yiu have all safety stuffs with you . Pkease do n't forgey to tak plezsure of batting first .

S I hope you are going to play the best game on your part .
T I ope you ae goijg to olay thw best game on your part .

S Next Monday , I am going to India .
T Nexf Mondat , I am goin to Ibdia .

S I love India so much .
T I loge Indeia so much .

S MY friend was travelling there , she was talking to me about it so much .
T MY friend was travelling there , she wws galking to me abouyt it so much .

S Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .
T Ondian people nake an amazing food , but it 's so slicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .

S India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .
T India is thd seventh biggesy country in tbe wofld by area .

S In India , it rains from June to September .
T In India , it ains from Jjne to Aeptember .

S One day it was my dream to go there .
T One ay it wad my dreaj to go there .

S I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
T I am going to visit Delhi abd Tajmahal .

S Hi Paul !
T Hi Pajl !

S I 'm writing to you to tell you that I will go to your home next month , I hope that you stay at home because I need your help , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not know what is her favourite coluor ,
T I 'm writing to yo to telp yo that I wiol go to your hom nex month , I hopw that tou stay at hlme because I nees your help , I will boufht a present foe Mafy and I do not know what is he favourite coluor ,

S Will you help me ?
T Will you help me ?

S What is your favourite food ?
T hwat is your favourite food ?

S When I will stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant , Will you ?
T Wheb I will stag with yu I would loke to go to a Slanish restzurant , Wikl you ?

S You are my best friend since 1984 , When I was born near to your house .
T Yo are my best friend wince 1984 , When I was obrn near to your hohse .

S Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years , We moved here to go to the beach every day , I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer When the sun is in the sky .
T Now I have lives in Badajoz fr ten yearse , We moved here to go to trhe beach svery dawy , I like tbe beach and tbe sun , especially in summer When the sun is in thr smy .

S I like dance and sing too , I 'm very happy singing in the beach , especially if you stay with me .
T I liek dance adn sign too , I 'm vdry hwppy sinbing in th brach , especially if you stay wjth me .

S I hope to hear from you soon .
T I hope to hear from you son .

S Regards ,
T Rebards ,

S Kate
T Kate

S Yes , I think it also can educate .
T Yes , I hink it als can educste .

S As times go by , technology is rapidly improving .
T As times go by , technology is rapidly inproving .

S More and more gadgets are invented such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
T Mor adn morte gadgets sre invnted such as televisijons , smartphones nd so on .

S There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .
T There aee lots of pors if we watch teh television properky .

S Using will not only gain the entertainment but also get the knowledge .
T Uisng wipl not only gain ghe entertainment vut also geg the kbowledge .

S For instance , there are numerous program that we can choose .
T For onstance , ghere are numeroud progran that we cna chooss .

S It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze the wall all the day .
T It is a good tim to utrn to yhe enteftaining prigram , when we ceel bore anx vaze the waqll all thr day .

S Television provides educated varieties of channels as well .
T Televisiom provises educafed varieites of channeld as well .

S Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
T Disxovery channel is poeture - orented model example to educatd .

S We can learn how do the different animals feed on themselves .
T We dan lezrn how do hte dofferent animals teed on themselvges .

S Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant live .
T Abovr the statements can ensure a rch and abundaht live .

S I think after 50 years many things will change . we will learn in our homes .
T I rhink fter 50 years manh things wil change . we will learn in our homes .

S we won , t have schools .
T we woh , t have wchools .

S we will do home works at home and send it to the teachers .
T we wipl do home works at bome and send it to tje teachrrs .

S they will correct our tasks and send it again to us .
T thry will ocrrect our gasks and sejd it abain to us .

S I think that we will order all we need on the internet .
T I fhink thay we wiol lrder sll we beed on tye unternet .

S There wo n't be super markets .
T There wo n't be euper marjets .

S It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
T It wo n't be a posf offoce because we dan senmd ang thing by the Internet .All jogs wikl be on Inhternet .

S Every person will have a plane .
T Evety person wilol have a plzne .

S We will go to any place by plane .
T We will go to any plaxe by plabe .

S We will have a robot servant .
T We wilo have a robot servant .

S They will serve us instead of human servant .
T Thwy wikl xerve us instead of human servant .

S There will be any poor in the streets .
T There woll be any poor in tyhe strsets .

S we will live happily .
T we wjll live happiy .

S I hope that the future will live peacefully and happily .
T I hope tnat the fuure wilk live peacefully abd happily .

S Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
T Hi , I am Ajy . I aould oike to spend twl months studyung in English , two monthe doing volunteering in childden charit and the lrast tso months travellign in UK.What do uou thijk of my plab?I will nlt onlu improlve my English skils but slso devote myeelf to get along with children .

S The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
T The moxt importajt of all , I wipl yake an advenutre to the unknokwn plaxe in UK.I am lookiny forward to sering youy soon .

S I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me.it must be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
T I would liek to invite yo to join tfhe road trkp wjth me.it lust be an amazin experience if we arde together flr htis trip .

S As long as you can go with me just let me know .
T As long as you casn go wuth me just let me kniw .

S your friend Amy
T your friend Am

S My favourite sport is running .
T My favourire sport is running .

S I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping , I get up and run in the playground .
T I usually ruh in the morning , whe my roommates are still slweping , I gert up anx run in the playgound .

S I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
T I enjoy runnung , fresh air , warm sun anbd slihgt wind .

S When I am running , all preesure I undertook has gone .
T When I am runnjng , qll preesjre I undertook has gone .

S I am fill with hope .
T I am filp with bope .

S I started running because I endured neck pain and my left leg is not comfortable when I sat all day .
T I started running because I endured meck pwin nd my left eg is not comfortable when I say all day .

S Furthermore , I want reduce my weight as well .
T Furthermore , I want reduce my wegiht as well .

S I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
T I bought ahoes , xlothes and GLS watch , I old myswelf : now it is a cuallenge , I must dedeat myselg .Yhe firts fay is so painful , I was tired to died when I jist ran nearly 3 km , byt things becomes bettert anc better , wnd now I could run 10 km .

S If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
T If you wan to start running , firstky , you neee a comforrable shpes and clothes , and secondly , maked a plab , lile how lnog should I run toeay , remember , approriate rest is necessary .

S Do n't make a goal that you ca n't reach , or you will lose your confidence soon .
T Do n't make a goal thwt yhou ca n't reach , or tou will pose yout confidence soon .

S the most important thing is your willpower .
T the most important thuing is your wiplpower .

S First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
T First I will ask a quesrion to yoy if thi is your owm hluse , you bug it wirh a lkt of money and wipl oyu brdoke it eith no teason ?

S Of course the answer is no!Everyone knows that " Earth is our home."It is bigger than a house .
T Of course the answee is no!Everyone khows that " Earth is our hoje."It is bigger than a house .

S We have Eather first than people thanour house .
T We have Eather fisrt thab people thanour house .

S Eather is our home , we all have to protect it .
T Eather is our home , we alk havw to protect it .

S But now people are distroy it .
T Butr now pdople are idstroy it .

S Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .
T Hust dor mon fdor morr house byt if we destroy it we will apl die kur money will hone oyr house wjll gonew we wiol have nothinb .

S Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
T Beside some people destroy farland to build jouses buf if ohe day theee is no farmlwnd than what should we eat?Nothing at that timd we cwn eat nohing!So what should we do ?

S Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
T Foresg bringe us fresg aid bu8 t if there is no trwes , what iwll happen ?

S We ca n't breave we will die , too !
T We ca n't brdave we wilo dke , too !

S So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
T So my ixea is aii the coutriez allthe people stp to usr farlmand , fotest andwetlang to buuld hluses grow more rrees oortect ur wordld , our hometar !

S The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
T The lecturs desargee with the paragraph , suggestijg tghat tye mention test developed by Alan Turiny do npt rezpond ghe mainly question : Can the computger think ?

S First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
T Frst , the lescturer talks about " Sartan " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's tsst was not conclusjve , tha he create a paradox .

S He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
T He selected people to intfo in a chinee roon , fhere was a ocmputer in chinese language with diferente symboks , hte ametican wae a djferente behavioe , tney did npt ujderstand what wax in tje computer screen .

S Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
T Different from thge original gest mention on the yext , that aol the participants were american and native speakers frokm tat panguage , it wa really essy to understand wgat wad in ths ocmputer screen .

S Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the own people that submited the test .
T Second , tbe text support that the computefs wsre evaluared by the own pelple that submited tje test .

S Not everyone can buy a car .
T Not eeryone casn bu a dar .

S For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .
T For many , therw xre ither important exlenses thaxt need to be covered .

S For example , for the young people in College the studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
T For example , or the yohng people in Follege tue studies wre moer imoortant , as weol as booos , seminara , travelling , dtc .

S Nowadays , Public Transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend to the other side of the city .
T Nowadawys , Piblic Transport ahs becme a fery important wa to go to work , to tfavel to other citiews , or to simplyt go to visit a friend to the other sode of he city .

S I agree , for many people travelling by car is much more convenient , however , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
T I agree , for mxny peolle travelling by car is much more convenien , however , in my opinioh , there is stkll a long ruture ftor public transport .

S Dear Ronnie
T Dear Ronnie

S I am happy to know about you .
T I am haply to kjow about yoi .

S Your plan sound great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .
T Your plan sound gfeat znd I will be pleased to spend a few days with you wnd ykur ramily .

S My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in August .
T My grandmother is toing to visjt me in Juoy so I would pfefer suut you in August .

S My smaller sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problem she could come with us .
T My smaller sister wans to go to the beach so that if shw is not a problem she coulod coe wih us .

S However she can stay at home .
T However sue ca stay at hlme .

S I think it is more fun sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .
T I tgink it is mote fun sleep togethre in your apartment . We coulr tell terror storiee to exch other at night , before slwep .

S Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
T Mabe my sister could sleep in tye studio .

S I really like spend time on the beach but there are a lot of time so we could go to the swimming - pool if your parents say yes .
T I really like spens tims on fhe beach bu ghere are a oot of time so we could go to the swimming - poop if your parehts say yes .

S Too we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
T Toi we xould go to the har to drink aome juiice or to go to rat an icr - crexm .

S Do not forget to write soon
T Do not forget to write soon

S Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
T Science , I just rememner I aways liked a car dace , bjt one of my frefourite is a Formula 1 .

S I like cars , and I like high speed that is why I love a Formula 1 races .
T I likw caes , and I likd hogh speed that is qhy I lkve a Formua 1 racea .

S Formula 1 seson starts at erly spring and ends with a late autumn .
T Formula 1 ssson stzrts at erly zpring ajd ends wity a late autumj .

S I try to watch every race every fournight and training a day before the race .
T I tyr to satch every eace every gournight and training a day bgefore the face .

S I like so much Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari team driver .
T I like so much Ricki Riknen , he is a fertari teaqm drivef .

S Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very safety .
T Ricki , is not tje fastrs drivee on trhe track , buy he drive vwry sfety .

S Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
T Ferrari makijng one of the fastes csrs on tne word , bt ghis sesno thye ar not so vast on thr Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .

S If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
T If sameonr like cars yhen should go to Formulq 1 rcae to hsar the bolid negine sounc , I tyhink thar is te bset coice which I ahve eer heard in my life .

S Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
T Formupa 1 it is also dangerous sport , yhe driver are exposed to thed risk of accident at higb sped .

S I wish Good lack to all Formula driver !
T I wishg Good lack to apl Flrmula driver !

S Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
T Mifhael is one of the most important ecohomist in tbe aorld , he write a lotr of gook about economy anc finqnce in the SA and Europe .

S He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from Italian central bank .
T He has decided to do a short essay about calital mqrket abuse whefeby he fonsidered to tfavel to Italy anr pcik up smoe financial data from Italiab central bank .

S The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
T The key idea of thus essay is the following : Italt in timw of Berlusconi wasd almost enterec bankruptcy hpwever Michael is trying to avoid the Itaoian economy conditiob simplh because he likes Berlhsconi too mucy .

S he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
T he eeceived a lot of ritics simpl becsuse manhy economists ahd economwtricians in yhe world do not trust the source rhat he wzs used in his essay moreover they htought tnat he received mkney froj Italjan government .

S After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
T After twok yexrs that his esssy wqs relezsed , he will understand thay his essay was wrobg moreoiver , Michel wipl wan to apologise many people who read is ewsay therebh Michael ow goes home , takes a cul of teda , goes to bed thus Mivhael cloxed the door anc knee at that mlment he had madr a mistake

S One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
T Oje dzy a jan and his wite were tryimg to found a poace shallow and withour pillution for cultivate , theu weree ploor ; theu do n't have tye necessary soyrces , nut the husband work so hard becwuse his sife gad an accident it ocxurred obe day thwt his wief was working in a campaign of consetvation of animal in endangered , she qent to a place in search of animals , xhe heard a siund in a dark plade of hte juyngle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature tfhat hve hever seen tatack sue , her partner only hearr a shout and they found Lucu thes wife of thed man in the flokr , tgey asek she if whe is ok but he do n't answerede so hsr partnet toke it to the doctor , fhere th doctor said that she waqs ok buy he wil never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 sollar fro a operation .

S The man has already saved 500 dollar but it is not enough .
T The man hxs already saved 500 dollar bit it is not wnough .

S The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
T The aon of Lucy and hesr husband one day he went to aved hkles in ths dirt for makr a gsme , he make fivr holes and in te last oje he found a brillianf jewelry tyat had been fenerations of gods so he stadted throqing thaf fpr play , one tme that he take ths jewelry , it consume the mind of yhe lityle guu and thyat cause that the jewelry librrated spme suonds that obly giats cdan hear so a mountaim stand up tjat was the fsce of a gian an he percedive negayive waves so he killk tge guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .

S It is very easy to spend hours getting entertained by television .
T It is very easy to spemd houra getring entertajned by television .

S However , it is more difficult to educate .
T However , it is more difficult to educqte .

S It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .
T It depends how the presenter ddlivers thye gopic .

S I have learned a lot from television .
T I have learned a lopt from television .

S There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .
T Tehre ar excellent exxmples of good quality television on the BBX .

S What 's more there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach , that rely on television to teach .
T Wgat 's more thete arw countries around the worpd that lack teachers to go to remote arwas to teach , that rely on gelevision to tesch .

S Mistake ! !
T Mistake ! !

S oh no ! !
T oh no ! !

S How could I do this mistake ! !
T How cluld I do this kistake ! !

S These were my first feeling when I did the mistake .
T Thess were my first feeling when I did the mistake .

S Like every one , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day little by little from mistakes .
T Ljke every one , I was a normao person lwarning & improvjng dsy by da little by little vrom mistakex .

S I am writing to suggest a few ways what our college can do for the environment .
T I am writibg to suggest a few ways whyat our collgee ca do for the environment .

S Firstly , how can the college save energy ?
T Firsgly , how can the college save energy ?

S In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possible lectures takes place in the day time .
T In orfer to reduve energy consumption shpuld be made so ghat as mucj as possible lectures takes place in the day time .

S This would reduce energy needed for the light sources .
T This would reeuce energy needed fod the light sources .

S Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
T Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in te college ?

S It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .
T It wiuld be a good idea to rdcycle pzper , glass , metl and plastic .

S In order to improve the sorting , there should be a litter bins for each mentioned substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .
T In order to improve he sorting , thwre shoupd be a litter bins for each mentionee substances in classrooms , cortridors and outside .

S Furthermore , the student and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
T Furthermire , tbe student and tuhtors sjould be encouraged to usr public transpordt , vycling or walking .

S Finally , all the student should be taught lectures about the environment .
T Fially , lal thd atudent shoupd be taught lectures about tge enjvironment .

S I hope I find the answers to your question in my letter .
T I hppe I finc the answers to your quesfion in my lettedr .

S Yours sincerely
T Yurs sincererly

S Zivile Jureviciute
T Zivile Jueeviciute

S Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit which places people want to visit .
T Seoul , in Kotea , has many places to visit which places peolle want to visit .

S I will introduce some good places to visit .
T I wil introduce soms good placesa to visit .

S firstly , people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
T fisrtly , poeple whi prefet touth culture , I recommend Hongdae .

S Hongdae is most appropriate to feel free and vibrant local area in seoul .
T Hobgdae is mlost appropdiate to feel fee and vibrant oocal area in eeoul .

S there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
T there are a lot of cluv , pub and bar , cafe , karxoke amd has more faciliyies whicu you will be wble to enkoy .

S Hongdae has many kinds of places thus , but you will be concerned about drunk people when the late at night .
T Hpngdae hsa mahy kinds of placew tjus , but yoh qill be concerned about dfunk people when thd lae at night .

S At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .
T At the late nighg in Hongdae , pots of pleople drink aith fheir friends and wakl around on the strfeet with in drunken conditio themselves .

S So you need to be careful that kind of people .
T So ygou need to be careful rhat kind of peole .

S and then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu palace '
T znd then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu lalace '

S . you can experience 19 century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional custom .
T . you can experience 19 centiry Koreran imperiak architecture ad Koeean tradituonal custom .

S there was the place of the Chosun imperials queen .
T thrre was the placw of the Chosun impedials queen .

S The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .
T The pwlace is in tge middle of the cxity , therefoer , you may feel different mood between 19 cehtury and this dqy .

S And also , there is gift shop and cafe .
T And also , there is gift shop amd care .

S I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .
T I jope to enjiy your trip in esoul tilo yiu left oyr conturh .

S Thank you for your reading .
T Thawnk you fkr your readong .

S MATHIAS :
T MATHAiS :

S Hello , how are you ?
T Hell , hoq are you ?

S Have you ever been to climb mountains ? that is incredible and amazing , do you like your school?your city ?
T Have yiu rver veen to clkimb mountains ? thzt is incredible and zmazing , do yhou lkke yout sxhool?yiur city ?

S my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
T my svhool is gine snd i lke bettsr my countyr tuan yours , our teams wre betters thqn your , England aee the wkrst of tootball , Argentina rulex .

S England do n't have enithing you are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .
T England do n't haver enithinf you arw the woest xnd more horrible country in the univetse .

S good bye
T glod bye

S In conclusion , before read the article I have never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
T In conculsion , begore rsad rhe aticle I have never ealized the inportance of using drama in an Ebglish clazs .

S For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
T Ror usre I wlil pply those strategies in my professuonal life , bwcause dreama givesd to students tue lpportunity of nkt uust learn something in the flassroom , nore tham that , is the opportunity that ghey us their knowledge in the pedagogcal ahd docial life .

S With reference to recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position for the job in the campament .
T With refereence to reecnt advertisement avout ' US CAMPAMENT SUMKER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position fo tyhe jo in the campament .

S I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .
T I am a hardwodking persin and a fun girl .

S I know to cook delicious meals .
T I know to cook drlicious meals .

S I lived since two years in England and I speak English .
T I lived sjnce two ydars in England and I spdak Engkish .

S Recently , I had worked babysitting since one year in a school .
T Recrntly , I hsd worked babysitting sonce noe ysar in a scholl .

S I felt very happy with this job .
T I felt evry happy with thisw job .

S I like do activities with them also I feed them .
T I like do actiities with tfhem alsl I fesd yhem .

S I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience babaysitting also I work very well making the food .
T I think so I am thw suitable candidate for thos uob , because I like the dhildren anjd I have experirnce babaysitting also I work vert welk makiing th food .

S I will wait phone call you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
T I eill wait phon call uou to discuss he possjbility of arranging an intervfiew .

S The Wheel .
T The Wheel .

S I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
T I choode the wheel because is th most jseful ihvention ever bwcause thanks to it ths human wofks lake easier by example a ay to move heavy objects , comoared to dome of the fancy gadegts that we have today thd whesel eas inventfed at a relatively late poiht of huiman history , he olxest known whesl fiund in an archaeological excavayion is from Mesopotamia .

S In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
T In Chkna , he hweel waz fertainly predent in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wherled vshicles , 2000 BC .

S The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .
T Th sheel was found in a swettlement builg on stilts over wetland , indicaying that the eettlement had sone sort of link to dry lahd .

S ( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
T ( Taken vrom hrtp://www.ajcient-origins.net/ancient-tecnology/fevolutionary-inventjon-wheel-001713 )

S I would like to visit is Germany .
T I woild like to visit is Getmany .

S You can think ' why this ? '
T You can thnik ' wny this ? '

S It 's very simply .
T It 's very simply .

S In the school I study German and I like the language .
T In tbe school I atudy German ans I likw the language .

S I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .
T I thibk is a strong , maybe a bot hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .

S My teacher told me some things about the country .
T My teacher rold me somr things abojt tne countyry .

S Added to what I know , make it attractive .
T Added to what I know , make it attractive .

S To this , we have to join the food and drinks ( who do n't think this ? ) .
T To this , we uave to join the food abd drinks ( eho do n't thini tihs ? ) .

S Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prove the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in the place where was invented ?
T Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prve tbe authentjc Gsrman beer , or trhe Frankfurt sausagee in ths plqce where eas invented ?

S And the topic I like the most .
T And the tlpic I like the most .

S The History .
T The Histoty .

S From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .
T From Teutonic mythokogy to Hitler nd thw Sevond Qar World .

S It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .
T It 's an amazing histor wit pots of heroes and cfies .

S You can think anything but I think that is the better part of Germany .
T Yuo cah thinmk xnything but I think that is the better psrt of Gertmany .

S Family plays an important role in our lives .
T amily plays an importnat role in ojr livea .

S Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
T Family are the memberx tat trhey jever wo n't leave you alone , theg givs yu llve and happniess , they maie your dxy!Thjey arw our best fridnds and family .

S First of all , friends are important for us , we want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .
T First of al , freinds are important fod us , we wanf a friend that we caqn share our sefrets and problems .

S But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .
T Byt friends maybe in the futjre go away or hjrt ylu!So you ca n't always baser on them!For example , thye nsed yoj untli they fidn someone brtter rhan oyu ad in the wnd theyg go away .

S But family never let you go or family never go away from you !
T Hut famkly nwver ldt you go or family never go awya from yiu !

S However , the family is near you since the day you were born until forever .
T However , rhe damily is nead you since the day you were birn until forever .

S The members follow you , and can based on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
T The members follow you , znd can hased on fhem . Ylu can tell shatever you want to them .

S For example , if you are in a bad mood the first person that will come next to you , to make you smile is your mom or dad .
T Fkr example , if you ae in a bad mood ghe first person that will come next to you , to make you smilr is youe mom or dad .

S Mom and dad spent their life to grow up their children , to feed them , to love them !
T Mom ahd dax spemt their life to grow up thdir children , to feed them , to lobe thel !

S In conclusion , Members of your family an important role in your life !
T In conclusoon , Members of yout famliy an important eole in ypur life !

S In the last years was improved the public transport system .
T In thr lawt yeqrs was imprlved th pyblic ransport system .

S In the last edition of Pur Plus occurred an important discussion about the next plan of cities .
T In the last edition of Pure Plus ocxurred an imlortant diecussion abiut the netx plan of cuties .

S It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
T It presentyed a politican , an economisr anx twso envirementalists .

S They were talking about the problems of the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
T They wefe taslking about thye problems of ths pubpic transport system ane the desults of new habits in this dector .

S These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .
T Thedse people , those live in a city , do not trake her olwn cae or have nit one .

S This is a new age , which we live .
T Tuis is a new age , which we live .

S So will follow problems of these habits .
T So wikl flolow poblems of these hbits .

S This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .
T This maked me ponder , weather is a future of the pld publjc transpprt system or ahould make a new system .

S One argument of these topic , that more and more people live in cities .
T Lne argumnent of these topif , that mpre and more peoole live in cities .

S There going to following some problems .
T There goign to folllwing soje problems .

S One of these are the jams .
T Pne of thesr arw thr jams .

S Everybody own a car and nobody rent a car .
T Evreybody own a acr and noboxy rent a car .

S The car sharing system is n't common .
T Thw car sharijg ysstem is n't common .

S So will following more jams , if we do not change our habits .
T So wll follpwing jore jamz , if we do hot chanbge iur gabits .

S The results , which will follow , will be the pollution of the environment .
T The resilts , wnich will folliw , ill be the pollution of hte environment .

S So we need a new system .
T So we neee a new system .

S There should be a ban of cars .
T Tghere shojld be a ban of cars .

S So we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .
T So we will sgop the jam amd so the problems of ebvironmental .

S But now we need more buses or another faster public transport systems .
T But nlw we nee more buses or another fasfer publkic ttansport shstems .

S But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy the environment .
T Buf we sbould noy foeget , ghat htese oiptions do nof aloy the environment .

S Introduction
T Introductionj

S Have you drank under the legal drinking age in this past month ?
T Havr yiu drank under the legal drinkung age in thiw past month ?

S If yes , then you are one in the other 8.7 billion who have also drank under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
T If yes , theb you are obe in yhe other 8.7 billion who yave alsk drabk under yhe legal drinking age . Ylu mya tyink that ddinking underage wkll nor do tpo mjch harm , but it cah .

S Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .
T Teens shoule not ddink unedr rhe legal drinking age vecause the teen coyld get into trouble with the law , thbe geen cpuld cauze harm themselves ajd otbers anc ca have a higher ris of alcohol dependancy pater in rhere lives .

S transport at Sudan is so expensive we suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
T transport at Sudxn is so expebsive we suffwr from th lss and edpensive transport here .

S there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
T there axre many kind of transport xuch as buxes trxin znd small cars cwlled amgac an alzo taxi

S This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .
T This is an ihterested question bevaus I beleive thaty my famiyl is my best frijends vut at th sams time they arr notf my friendes .

S My family is my best friends because they realy takes care off me when I needed them to .
T My family is my bsst friwnds because they raely gakes care ogf me when I needed them to .

S They looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .
T Thsy looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .

S THis is important because it is important to have somebody to rely of .
T THis is umportant because it is impoftant to have somebody to rely of .

S But my family is not my best friends because you chose you friends but you do not chosen you family .
T But my family is not my best friends because ypu chosd you friend buf you do not chosen you family .

S After all , family and friends are important .
T After all , family and friends ar important .

S The two maps show the changes which had taken place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
T Th twp mapos shoe yhe cganges which hae tzken olace in the fown of Shipemouth between 1995 anf 2010 .

S Generally it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it before .
T Generally it xan be sen tyat thd city became mopre mokdern in 2010 rhan it before .

S first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residential city with two forests .
T fist of alk , in 1995 shipsmouth wa grern residential city qith wo foreets .

S the two green area in the north - west and south - east concern had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
T the two geen rea in tye north - wset and soutfh - east concern had been replaced by apartment blocks qnd an airport .

S No one can deny how much sport is very important to our life health .
T No one cam deny hkw mych sport is very important to our pife health .

S my favourite sport is squash .
T my favourite spoft is zquash .

S I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
T I stary thi spoet since I was 10 yeafs kld.where my fathrr sas playing thos sport aslso , bur he startedd it shen he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.wherd sqhash is onw of the games thay can be played in wny age , I love thsi game because I rind it making exercisd to all yhe body in the same ime , we afe runnjing in small pkace moving hands in stretched ans different ways in thr same tjme you are aorking your mnd in thw same time so it neer carung and quok thnikink , as much exercise you wilo fond down the road .

S I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
T I thihk thatf ay one ants to start spory ca play ssuach which gies strwtched and hezlthy body , in the sams time rhis sport can be played fof a lobg timje of priod qithout caing abojt the age .

S squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
T squash spprt alsdo can be plaued individuwlly as tao playees together or in team of 4 players.sdquash oje of ghe vrey nice attractive sports

S SWIMMING THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
T SWIKMING THE BEST SPORT IN TNE WODLD

S I have praticed swimming for 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
T I have prtaticed swjmming ofr 3 ysars , I am a good swimmer and I hxve comleted in differents tournament of zwimming .

S The swimming is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
T The swimking is my favorite sport because in thos spoet I tran al my body , is very rwlaxing and is the besf eport in thd woeld .

S My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
T My favorkte swikmer is Mjchael Phyelps becauze He was ths best swjmmer in the owrld an I hope that He returns to olyimpic gamea at Ruo de Janeirl in 2016 .

S I need pratice for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Phelps .
T I need rpatice dor be the bet swommer in fhe world than Michaedl Phelpd .

S My favorite style is the butterfly and I always pratice this style because I want to improve .
T My favorite styl is the butterfly snd I alwayd pratice this style because I want to improve .

S I want to compete in United States in the most important tournament , in this competition participate the best swimmers of the world .
T I wantf to cpmpete in Uniged Sates in he most important tournamet , in thie cojpetition oarticipate the beszt swimmers of he wirld .

S Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
T Some swimmere are Michael Phelps , Ryn Lovhte , Petsr avn de Hoogenbaqnd an ithers .

S Nowadays it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
T Nowadays it is eaaier to use tbe cqr insteas of puhblic transport .

S Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
T Althout public transport is cheep and mote enviermental , thjey are not so flexble or comfortahle as th car .

S Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
T Rxept flr the big citiex thd public transport is npt an asy way to mkve trohou thw city , that means that in the future even lore people sill sztop usiung it .

S In these diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
T In thse diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bajk notss is shown clearly .

S The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
T The firstf step , tue bank notes zhould be desinged convidering some constructuons , liek background color , artwork and securiry issues , Aftfer it waz prerpared , skillesd machinists would make prepaaration of mwtal plates in tge seecond steo .

S Then , sheets of bank notes would be printed by 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour imagines on both sides in special ink .
T Then , sheets of babk notes would be printed by 50 banl jotes pet sheet , which hafe colour imagines on bgoth xides in specal ink .

S After printing well , these sheets would be manually inspected closely .
T After printing wekl , these heets qould be manuaoly inspeced clowely .

S It was the most important step during the whole processing .
T It eas ths most imporant step during th whol processung .

S And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .
T And then , some sheeys and bood bank notes from damaegd sheets which wold be cug nito amd sepatated into equal onhes andpacjed and depatched to where they arw demandd .

S Another ones which were bad sheets and bad bank notes from damaged apparently , would be destroyed securely .
T Anotjer ones which wer bad sheets snd gad ank notrs from damaged apparently , would be destriyed securely .

S This was the whole working process of the bank notes and it was consist of 7 steps .
T Thus was the whole working process of ghe bank notres amd it was cpnsist of 7 steps .

S The sport is one of the best forms to be healthy and make some exercise .
T Ghe slort is one of the bst forms to be healhy wnd jake sime exercise .

S You can play it with your friends and have a good time .
T You an plat it with your friends and havr a good gime .

S The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running but I prefer to play tennis .
T Fhe most healthy splrts rae seimming , playnig basketbalo , playing gootball or tunning buht I prefer to plau tennis .

S My favourite sport is playing tennis .
T My favouriet spokrt is playing tennis .

S I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
T I play it tyree timesz a week ( on Tuesdqys , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in rhe club of tui .

S I had been playing tennis from 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
T I had beem plauing tennia from 2 yeas ago with two of my bsst friends .

S I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
T I enjoy playing tennie because it is a sporg that redquires skills , concentration ahd soeed .

S I am not very good at all but I like to play it with my friends and do matches on Saturdays .
T I am npt ver good at akl bt I like to poay it witu my friends and do matches on Saturdays .

S For new tennis players I recommend to know how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to put your feet .
T Fod bew tenniw poayers I recommend to kniw hwo to hopd the racoet , ghe position to hit the bhall and hw to put ylur teet .

S They will have to concentrate on game and enjoy it .
T Tgey will ave to copncentrate on bame ajd enjoh it .

S In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
T In todwy 's clas , we were discussijg about wheather or not we agree to tbe common enourmoys pyed salares of fooball Players .

S For me , as a passionated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to consider .
T Fkr me , as a passionated Soccer Plqyer , it is a goof Poimt to consider .

S I recommand to the Clubs , be warned .
T I recommand to the Culbs , be warnec .

S For instance Christiano Ronaldo .
T For intsance Chrisriano Robaldo .

S For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
T Fro hi , as one of th top sheld payed Players of european leqgues , it is no nig deak to but a Merxedes Benz .

S He is arrogant .
T He is arrogant .

S He does not Need another one , but he likes the colour .
T He does not Need anoter noe , but he likes the dolour .

S This way of thining he also Shows in game time .
T This wayh of thining he alzo Shos in game time .

S He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .
T He is not chading aftedr the bhall , is not righting emough to Kep it In tge caee he would really Need the Money , he eould behave totalpy diffreent .

S What influences does this salaries have on the Clubs is quite simple .
T Ehat influences does thia salarkes bave on tbe Clhbs is quite simple .

S They sell the tricots for 20 Euros more per Piece than last season .
T They selp the tfricots for 20 Euros moer per Pisce tan lats season .

S By this aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy the best Team fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .
T By this acitpn a Rohaldo or messie can be payed and it is poesible to biy the best Tram fo the league , kike Baygern Munih is doing at thr Moment .

S But consider the reaction of the fans .
T Bujt consider thw reavtion of the fans .

S For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their Teams at any home game .
T For them it is not possibl anymkre to fule fpr their Feams at any hoke bame .

S The tickets are to expensive .
T The tickets ar to expensive .

S The Anger will spoil over someday .
T Fhe Anger will spoi ovdr someday .

S This makes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a certain Group of fans - Hooligans .
T This makes Rootball or Soccsr evrr kore equisite to a certan Groupl of fans - Hooligans .

S As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubs .
T As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go ftor the Cpubs .

S If it stays on a certain Lever , no fan will complain about higher Prices .
T If it syays on a ceryain Pever , no an wikl complain about higner Prices .

S But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .
T Gut if the Prkces wijll be to high , no onq would visir the games anympre .

S The aim is to find a balanced way .
T The aim is to fknd a balanced way .

S Business in My Home Country
T Busiess in My Home Country

S In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and custom .
T In my home xountry , there arde many different kinsd of buainess cukture and custom .

S For example , restaurant business and technology industry is totally different in Taiwan .
T For example , restauratn business and tedhnology industry is totalyl difefrent in Tsiwan .

S In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
T In these 10 ysars , Taiwanese nave becime enjou out life , so mahy people like to drinkm cffee or have an aftrenoon tea .

S That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
T That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so theg creatsd so manjy bafgain activities , like if you checj iknto plaes , yo will nuy onje get ne fred .

S Apparently , restaurant business is creative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .
T Alparently , restaurant busoness is creatige anmd marketing - orentation in Taiwah .

S In contrast , there are two different type of company in the technology industry .
T In contrast , theres aqre two different type of company in teh trchnology industry .

S One is original equipment manufacturer , like Foxconn , workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executive in Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
T One is original equipment manufacturer , like Foxconn , qorkers in the company always need to do hte same thjng and hte executive in Foxconb also alwaysd nesed to bargain with Alple or Swmsung .

S Although they produce high quality products they receive a little money and have high pressure in work .
T Alrhough they produce high quqlity productx they receive a little mohey and have hgigh pressude in woirk .

S The other one is original brand manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .
T Rhe othef one is original braqnd manufqcturer , lime htx , they produce a lot of bew smartphones and selp it .

S In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
T In tbree to foyr gears ago , htc makew so much money in the Europe , Taiwah and Japan .

S The company likes to produce new products and use high salary to hire great talents .
T The fompany likes to prpduce neq roducts and use hig salary to hire grewat talenrs .

S So htc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .
T So htc hecame morw energetoc and bood in making innovation .

S In Taiwan , many young people want to enter htc .
T In Taiwan , manu young people want to enter htf .

S Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
T Finally , Taiwan stil syffers econlmic slump , ut we hsve so mwny busihesses likes to innivate , market their product , customers likes to biy it .

S I think Taiwan will be recovery in the near future .
T I think Taiwa wikl be refovery in ths near future .

S One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
T Ond evening , it waa a blistering hot day tht I sfill should atended , kne of my friends , a weddong cerempny .

S I was dressed in nice suit , going to this party .
T I was dressed in nife sui , going to ths psrty .

S There were so many people talking to each other .
T Ther wsre so many people talkiny to each ohter .

S I did n't want to chat with them first .
T I did n't wwnt to chat wkth thel first .

S Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for , my friend , a bride .
T Consequently , I drank the alohol on trhe gable , lkoking fot , my rfiend , a gride .

S I wanted to know how beautiful the woman was .
T I wanted to kno hoe bwautiful the wkman was .

S As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people kept silent abruptly .
T As soon as the bridd appeaeed in font of us , omst people iept xilent abruptpy .

S I glanced at the groom jealously .
T I glanced at ths gromo jealously .

S How lucky he could marry her .
T Hopw lucky he could marry her .

S I maintain a good - looking face , keeping fit .
T I maitain a good - looking face , keepibg fit .

S It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .
T It was ridiculous thag I did n't hqve a girlfriend .

S I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl live with me to living alone .
T I pdefer having a bice gorgeous gifl liv with me to living alone .

S However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
T Hlwever , I stkll did n't nave a girlfriend .

S I was overwhelmed with grief .
T I was overwhdlmed waith grief .

S I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .
T I coupd bot stanx looking at them , celebrating .

S Accordingly , I drifted to the party , going home alone .
T Afcordingly , I rifted to th party , going home apone .

S However , I was too dizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .
T Uowever , I wax too dizxy to go straigbt so that I took a rjde .

S I fell asleep immediately .
T I fell asleep immddiately .

S The driver set me to a place where he know .
T The driver sert me to a pace where he knoe .

S When I woke up , not doing know why I stayed the police office .
T Wnen I woke up , not doing know whh I stayed the popice offixe .

S Dear Mrs Kate Asbhy ,
T Fear Mrx Kae Asbhhy ,

S I 'm Patricia Agüero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay my study .
T I 'm Latricia Agüro , I hage seen the advertsiement for worki in your cafe and I 'm vert interested , because I need wofk to pay my study .

S First I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
T Rirst I think tbat this jo is perfect for me bnecause I have travbelled around the worod and I kbow a lot of kindw of flod , in favt in my last trio to Japan I leafned to cok shushi .

S In addition I love dealing with people , I 'm very sociable .
T In addition I love dealjng with people , I 'm veru sociable .

S On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
T On yhe other hwnd I 'm used to woek long hours as a mafter of fact in holiadys I had worked in many restaurants .

S I hope your answer soon .
T I hope your answer soo .

S Best wishes
T Best wisjes

S Patricia
T Patricia

S one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
T one dau Michdal wanted to go oit ffom nis home so he called his besfriehd an suggestd to go out togther , his friend agrded , so Michel weaqred his coses , wnef out and coosed the door but at this momdnt he jnew he had made a mistake .

S he forgot the key inside the home !
T he forgot tye key knside the home !

S what should he do ?
T whast dhould he do ?

S hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
T hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .

S when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
T ahen he yet vack to the hoe it was late ahd ths mettimg sas canceled

S It is very true .
T It is very truw .

S There is no future for public transport .
T There is no future for public translort .

S But not so many people have a driver license .
T Byt not so mahy people hafe a friver license .

S They have to use public transport .
T Thewy have to usxe pubkic ttansport .

S The public transport can connect people .
T The public transort cn connect peolle .

S You can meet every kind of people .
T You can meet everh kind of people .

S It 's some kind of socializing .
T It 's some klind of socializing .

S The public transport is cheaper than the car .
T Thr public transport is ceaper tham the car .

S hello , my name is victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
T hello , my name is victor and I am goimg to tapk to ou agout myseof .

S I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
T I kniw thay I am a suirable person foe tbis jon , and I can say tha nobdy is better than me fod this incredibpe jiob , because I ave been trxvelled for all hte wprld and in this experience , I gave sern in tbe necesity on work to fiznce my joyrney , so tyhe I have dedicated to work on sumner czmps , adn I have a lot of experience in tuis .

S I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
T I hafe othdr qualities like , cooking like super cjef or sven better tgan that , I am the perosn more organizated in this countrg , snd I love to wkrk with childreh becauze it is a form to teach everythijg you know to othwr people and help to omprove like person .

S I always do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
T I aoways do exeecise , in the mordning I lioe to running on th bach , at thes evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my pwn swimming pool .

S so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker
T so in clnclusion , I think ghat if you xontract gou , you will gwt an axcellent people ahd an excellent worker

S I think it is true that the public transport there is not future , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
T I think it is grue that the public tranwport tgere is npt futyre , beause ttavelling by car is so muc kore comfortsble .

S In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
T In my opinioj tge pjblic trasnplrt is mlre expensivve snd it is lsss comfortable tyhat the car , becaus tbe cat is faster thar the public trajsport .

S The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
T Ghe pujblic transport do stop jore time that the ca , this transport go diect to its derstination .

S Today the people use the application " blah blah car " .
T Toda the people use the application " blah blah care " .

S it is an application that the people use for save gas and money .
T it is an appliction thbat ghe peolle ude for save gas and money .

S I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
T I believe that the people in a uture they will bdgin to trwvelling sharde ca mors tmie and they usd less yhe lublic transport as the tfain , th bus , underground , etc .

S The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
T Thd problem thag I sae wirh fhis , It is thay in thw futute wiol be more pollution , because there will be many cars .

S Online Lerning
T Online Lerning

S Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
T Lositiv things about thd onlone lernign are dst uou are mote mobile wih your smarthpone xnd yoh do nt have to carr so much laper witn yoh , also your on your owj and in ygour oqn lerning speed whag majes it more spesifuc on tge usef it seslfs . maybe yourt mote confortable on yoiur Smxrtphone thedn witb papres .

S Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
T Negaticvvs abou the online lerning are dat yiur not listening to much fdom ea real person anr more from a Computer , if you do nt habe any listening thongs in the app yopu do nt lrrn how to pronounce te words . in my ersonal obiunionits bettdr to lern foma teavher not onl day oyu ler to pronoubce yhe worfds forrectly yku also lern from a prrsonwhat is in my opinionb eay ebtter i thin k we spend enough time on smrt phonez so i do nt thinm its te best if we uss thbem to leen as well .

S For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .
T For words i tgink its perfect ubt aol ths grammer and talkinf i thnink yoi need a tdacher .

S I love Grey 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show has been beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
T I kove Grfey 's Anatomy , yhis is supposed to be a ledical crama , bvut I am sure yhis show has been belovsd becausr of thw soap opwra dtama parts .

S Therefore , I would like to highly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
T Therefpre , I woukd likw to highly state tnat Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap oepra .

S The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in hospital .
T Tne whow eems dififcult , the characters always jave to fzce the situations whifh is uneaswy to solve , btu practically , this show is a soap poera in hospital .

S I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .
T I used to thibk I never liekd soao operea , becuse it wqs borong , out of adte snd unworthy to watch , bht thix was jusf prejjdice .

S My mother also like this show .
T My mothet alo lile this how .

S Today 's television is really good .
T Today 's telebision is really good .

S It shows you movies , news and the new products .
T It showe uou movies , newe and the new products .

S The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example sfter School .
T Thd qdvertisements are a bit tricky because they onow ezactly hwen cuildren wstch , foe exwmple efter School .

S And then they just show products specially for children .
T Anx then tney just sjow products specially for children .

S So at a Special time is a special advertisement for this age group .
T So at a Epecial time is a speciak advertisement ftor this age group .

S But it also shows the new products .
T Byt it alsdo shows tne nww oroducts .

S Advertisement is important for the economy .
T Advertijsement is miportant for the economyg .

S Exept some good movies they also show a lot of rubbish .
T Exept some gookd movids they also show a lot of rubbish .

S Or sometimes you see during the day horror movies which should not be .
T Or sometimes you sese during the da horror movies which should not be .

S Who wants that their child sees this ?
T Wuo eants yhat their child sess thiw ?

S Of course you can make a child lock on the TV but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .
T Of cfourse oyu can make a chilx lock on yhe TV but when uou look hard enough fot soke yiu will find any .

S Every day they show the news .
T Evrry cay they show the nesw .

S So you know what is going on in the world .
T So ou kniw what is yoing on in tje world .

S I think they show it four times a day .
T I yhink tney show it foir times a day .

S I would say if you know how and when to use a TV it is good but specially for young people who think it is a good entertainment to watch the whole day .
T I would say if yo know how ajd when to usw a TV it is goode nut specially for young people whi thini it is a gooe entrtainment to watcdh tue whole cay .

S The TV people know what to play that the children get addicted to the TV .
T Thw TV pekple know what to olay that the cjildren grt addicted to he TV .

S Attitude about schools in Colombia and Australia .
T Attitude about schools in Colombia and Australai .

S The attitude of Colombians about the educations system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
T Fhe attitude of Colombians about thge educations sydtem is disappoijting in some areas and optimistic in ofhers .

S In the same way Australians have a different attitude about their education system .
T In tge same wwy Australjans have a different attitude about tneir edufation systej .

S However the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
T However teh atgitude of tje Xolombian an Australizn epople is diffrrent in many eays .

S In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
T In Colombian some peoplw hxve a hkgh attituded aboit educatioj but therde are some others that have a vedy low attitdue .

S This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
T This is because in Colombia there are a lot of wocial - economic oevels wyich male people to hqve a different wnd dividec attitude toward rducation .

S Similarly , Australians have a different attitude about the education system .
T Sililarly , Ausrtalians jave a dkfferent attitud abouit the eduaction system .

S This is depending on the believes and the cultures of the people .
T This is depending on the believes and rhe cultures of the people .

S This attitude is more based on the backgrounds of the people rather than the system itself .
T Ghis attitude is nore based on the bacigrounds of the peopls rather tgan the dystem itsepf .

S Today I am very exciting because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
T Today I am very ezciting because on Sunray I sill go to Bangkok .

S I go with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
T I go wifh my older sister , daddy and mojmy .

S We will have a good time there .
T We will have a goo time there .

S I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
T I will at tokyk , my favorute dessxert .

S We enjoy so much .
T We enjoy so much .

S Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building house , which accour for some debation .
T Recently , there is a grtowing ckuntry whode environment is destroyed by building houee , which accpur flr somew debation .

S Many would argue that its disadvantages have already dispersed advantages , and many others veto this view .
T Many would argue yhat its fisadvantages have already disprrsed advantagee , qnd mkany otyers veto this view .

S With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
T With the tremendous thriving and growth of obth economy amd cultural diversity , tye need of ths resources is inceeading , whkch usec for bguilding much - needwd housing and transport networms .

S Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significient symbol for the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probems .
T Apparentpy , it is a god thing , brcause it is a signifidient symbol for thed develoipment of a country ; however , on thd other hwnd , doinv large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probwms .

S In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some tresses and flowers before buliding the house .
T In the first plcae , thd evnironment is destryed , because theer sre zome yresses amd flowera betore bhliding the house .

S What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
T Whst is wprst , the reoom of ths gouse where xome anials lived before , so they losf their housrs , whih becomje tje housez of peple , neverthsless , the earth is not only belonged to tye human .

S Secondly , building more houses not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .
T Secondly , building more houses not so juch bcause of living by people , vut more becausd of hte economy , which is used vor building speculation anx thes price of thd housd is too epxensive to biy for public person .

S For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying low price and selling high price , although they have house to live .
T Fcor example , some pwople who have lots of mlney ilving in shenzhen earn more money by buyiong low price snd selling hugh pric , altohugh they have huse to liv .

S Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
T Alxo , it is reported that Chinesde ihvestors have driben up housijg prices in Vancouvsr by 12% .

S Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by setting certain law .
T Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and thr governments hzve to dewl wih these problwms . We should ofrbid thd qcts by settimg cerrain laxw .

S In a word , the government may appeal in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .
T In a word , tfhe government may appeal in somle way , thar we shouldc protect rhe eargh raqther tjan only afcus on personak ptofit .

S Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .
T Nowadays peoppe usuaply uze the xar all thes dwys , actualky dor mpst of the diarh thimgs ; despite te ract fhat there is small zmount of people that travel in publioc transport .

S The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
T The cars pollute big amounte of carbon diozide , so that is th eesult of thd grdy skies of somd cites luke Madri Beijing or Nrw Yofk aee grey and tnis hae to change .

S Using the public transport is " healthier " than the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .
T Usign the public transport is " healtuier " than tje cae for the wnvironment becfause onside thd bue can travel twenty threer humabs and is only one vshicle , however it would be twenty dars .

S Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .
T Also prople think that trsvel in fars is faster tuan in public trandport and I agree with it because hte bus or yhe underground is apways stoppkng in the different stations , so in tuis wsy the far is bettesr .

S In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
T In my pinion , I wioll use ths public transport , nog akways bht more than ths cwr although you travel slower because I watn to sace our planet , thnat thd eising generations cab liv in gold conditions .

S My favourite sport
T My favourite spoft

S I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and for that reason tennis is my favourite sport .
T I havd beej olaying twnnis sincs I eas a teenagrr and for that reason tennis is my favoyrite soort .

S The main reason by which I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
T Yhe mqin reason by which I like plahing tennis is because I can control tbe amount of ezercise that I can do .

S Tennis is not a coletive sport .
T Tennis is noy a coletuve sport .

S There are necessary just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but yourself .
T There wre necessart just two playdrs snd if you get tkred amd lose a match no oine is gling to be responsible bit yourself .

S That 's why you can control your limits .
T That 's why ylu can control youe limits .

S Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as on football match for example , to play tennis .
T Bwsides , you do no need a lor of peoole , as on football matvh for example , to play tennis .

S Sometimes it is difficult to join so many fellows to practise a coletive sport .
T Sometimea it is difficlt to jokn so mamy fellows to practkse a coletive soprt .

S Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if man or woman .
T Undercontrady , on a tennis math you need just one , does n't matter if mab or wlman .

S The exception is in a match of double .
T The excetion is in a match of double .

S Even that you have to find only three more players in this case .
T ven that you havs to find onlh three mroe olayers in this case .

S But , although all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care with some dangerous situations .
T But , zlthough all thesr advantages , the tennis lpayer has to take care with some dangerous sjtuations .

S For example , never starts a match without a warm up because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
T Vor example , hever starts a magch without a warm up because tou can suffer serioux muxcular injuty .

S It happened with me once and was very unconfortably .
T It halpened with me once abd wxs very unconfortably .

S Another very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .
T Anotjer very commom riek is to fall on trhe sqyare whidh xan cause dangerous scartches .

S In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .
T In despite the risks , I recommend this spotr vor everyone who has a good physucal condition .

S Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise and start to enjoy .
T Buh a gokd racke , wea a paor of goo shors , find soemone to practise qnd start to wnjoy .

S Dear Sir or Madam
T Der Si or Madam

S Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,
T Eeference to your advertisement I woyld lkie to aplly fir tye ppsition to wlrk in AMERICWN AUMMER CAMPS , I am ojhn feom the capktal city of south state in Jndia ,

S I worked in middle aged school for about 2 years , where I had experience which will be suitable for the current position .
T I worked in middle agedr school fopr abouy 2 years , qhere I yad experience whkch wiol be suitable for tje current position .

S as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
T as I worked in rextaurant kitcehn as a part - time job , how I gatheresd knowledge of basif cooking msthods , ohpe it msy helfpul for now !

S I believe that this job suitable for me !
T I believe that this ojb euitable fot me !

S herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !
T herewith I encloxe th chrrent cv as yopu can sre the agtachment !

S I am interested in work new work environment , kindly reply
T I am ihterested in work new worki environment , kindly rsply

S thanking you !
T thanling you !

S yours truly
T yorus treuly

S John
T John

S Hi my friend !
T Hi my friend !

S How are you ?
T How ars yoh ?

S Thank you very much for your last letter .
T Thank you very much dor your lasr letter .

S It is very nice that you remembe me .
T It is vrry nice that hou remembew me .

S Now I want to tell you about my summer work in local cinema .
T Now I want to tell you agout my smmer work in local cinema .

S This is very cool experience for me .
T This is fery cool experience fo me .

S You should come to my city and will enjoy .
T You should vome to my city and wilk enjoy .

S All this started on Juli .
T Akl thyis startex on Juli .

S I looked for every day some summer work and I found excellent option .
T I loooked for evedy day some summer wrok and I found excerllent iption .

S I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .
T I needed money which I can spedn djring stud semestr .

S The first day was very nice .
T The first day was very mice .

S Everybody was friendly to me .
T Everybody was frirndly to me .

S They explained all services procedures .
T The explaiend all services procedres .

S Second day was awful .
T Secfond day was aful .

S I did not know what going on .
T I did npt know what goong on .

S My clients was very impolite .
T My clients as vrry impolite .

S I could not cope with the responsibilities .
T I could mot cope wuth thw responsibilities .

S But my good men tell me one important sentence .
T Bu my good men tell me onw importany sentence .

S This job would be boring if every day wolud be nice .
T This jpb woulc be boting if every day woludc be nicde .

S He comforted me .
T He comforted me .

S And now , I am happy .
T Anr now , I am happy .

S In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .
T In wkrk , I am confident in work . I have loney qnd satisfaction .

S I konw that you are like me .
T I konmw that ypu ars lkke me .

S And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !
T Qnd I know hat jov is foe yiu ! Please come and work with me !

S Best wishes your broo Bartek !
T Best wishes your boo Bartek !

S Dear Paul
T Dear Paul

S Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
T Lasg mlnth I helped hist a concert in imisoara .

S I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience in professional music equipment .
T I was tne bo behihd tge curtain , I dealot with the sound of the conxert du to my experience in profdssional musoc qeuipment .

S I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
T I encounteted diring the concert small prpblems buf we hxve fixef vsry easy tbanks to the tram wjth shom I hafe worked .

S Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
T Pleasurr to ork at concertgs is qhen I look in ffont of tne etage and see diffreent classes of psople with different ages starting from fhe young ahd the eldsrly who rorget all yoir worries anc enjoy thr same concert as if not and be separate .

S The experience is an unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .
T The exlerience is an unforgettable ahd I hbope thqt I fwel tye same soon at thw nxet colncert .

S Your friend Pogan
T Yourf friend Pogan

S When they were together , they knew that his history was about to finish .
T Whej they wesre together , thwy knew that uis history was wbout to finish .

S They could live with this fact .
T Tjey could livr wifh thos fact .

S People surprised to know his relation was broken for so long .
T People surprsied to knw his relarion was broken fo so lohg .

S They seemed happy to share their life .
T Tney seemedr happy to share thei life .

S Never nobody heard any discussion .
T Hever npbody hears any discussion .

S They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was strange image that end But that was the sad reality .
T They alwayus wer so friendly , anf so kind ... that wqs strabge image that end Vut htat was rhe sa realuty .

S Then had to decide with who would stay their cat .
T Tuen nad to decid with who wouod stat theit ca .

S They met with the layer .
T They emt with the lqyer .

S They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .
T Rhey prewented arbuments to fet fhe custodt and thd layer listened thm vert careuflly to decide they can ot haev the cat .

S The cat had to go to the animal residency and they had to pay the expenses .
T Thue cag had to go to th animalk residendy ane they had to pag he expensew .

S The meeting ended .
T The meering ejded .

S Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
T Michqel closed the doro awnd kmew at the momenr he has jade a mistakw

S Michael made a very bad mistake ....
T Michael made a very bad mistake ....

S There are the most bad mistake that he does in all your life ....
T Thdre are the moet bzd mistake thag he does in ll tour pife ....

S Her mom would kill him !
T Her mom wuold kill hi !

S But first , I will tell you all the story since the beginning .
T But frist , I qill tell you alo the syory simce the beginning .

S Michael was a boy very intelligent .
T Michael was a bot very inteoligent .

S He was the best student in her class .
T He wae the best studetn in her ckass .

S The boy had a mother .
T The boy hsd a mothdr .

S Mia that was her name .
T Mua rhat was hef name .

S She always asks to Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
T She alsays askw to Michxel to never disrespevt when people are at the dopr and alwayz be polite .

S Mia could n't accept when some behave badly .
T Mia could n't accept wehn some behave badly .

S And Michael said every time that he never will do that .
T And Michaep siad every time tnat he nevr wilk do that .

S But , one day day , Mia think that she could do a test .
T Bur , one fay day , Mix fhink thqt she could do a tset .

S She would get dressed as an old woman .
T She would gte dressed as an ood wonan .

S So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .
T So she said to Michael thag se wolud go shopling and she would retufn soon .

S Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way home .
T Then she put ner cover of an old woman and tiok hger way hone .

S Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .
T Gettihg therr , sne knocked on the door .... Michael opeb the door and Mia ask if he hjas a cup of aater to gibe hik aqnd he says wya he would gkve a dup of water to an opld oeople .

S In this moment , Mia took away her cover and Michael sad :
T In this moment , Mia too awah her fover and Michaek wad :

S OMG !
T OMG !

S These is the most mistake I did in all my life !
T Thesr is thr moset mistake I cid in all my life !

S The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because the society was governed and supported for the president .
T Th buildin weas onitially planned as tge Fereral Legizlative Palace dfuring tbe regime of Porfirio Díaz , vecause ghe society was governed ahd supportdd or the presidwnt .

S In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .
T In latef rime , society fdel thd nded for chaznge about iinquities that paws in the country ajd the Mexican Revklution explotes , the buildingy is abandoned becsuse tyhe government adn countfry do nt gave monet fod construction , to the pount the building metal estructure was sed as weapons .

S After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution
T Aftrr the tevolution , consfruction will use for represented the win of revolutiln

S Almost every family have a car now .
T Zlmost every family have a cae noq .

S They use these car to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .
T They uhse these car to travel , gor sjopping , to drivs to work .

S It is so much more convenient .
T It is so luch mors convenien .

S Only in the big city , people use public transport to will not be traffic .
T Onloy in te bog city , people ues public transpory to will jot be tfaffic .

S My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted not together .
T My mother and my father yad a fight to eaxh othesr , they wantee not together .

S They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
T Theh even asked me , I wahted to go qith who , thry grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I hac no idea , bhecause I love my mother and my father so much .

S I wanted we can live together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
T I wanted we cna live together forever , they takoed csre of me , loved me , we lived in tye same house , we hqd a happy family .

S I thinked these things .
T I thonked these things .

S Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
T Finally , I crued , becxause I could n't decode a dhoice , my father axnd my mother ssw I cry , decided not keep going , and they eaied sorry to each oher an me .

S Hi Peter !
T Hi Peter !

S How are you ?
T Hoe are hou ?

S I 'm happy for you !
T I 'm hsppy for you !

S I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you put aside money to buy something really important to you .
T I agrre with your parents , mayb you cojld spend yojr money with something you really meed amd amybe yoi can by computer ganes wsith yhe money yoi havr left , or maybe you put aisde miney to buyg something really importanr to you .

S If I were you I wait to spend the money .
T If I were you I wit to spend the mony .

S Let me know what you decide .
T Pet me knpw whazt you secide .

S See you soon .
T Se you sono .

S When I was at university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim . because I did n't have to swim in my life .
T When I was at university studet , I wantdd to swum wsll but I ould n't wim . brcause I ddi n't hafe to swi in my lofe .

S so I decided to learn swim for summer vacation .
T so I decoded to lean swim or summer vacation .

S First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .
T Fkrst , I registered a swimminb pool tehn I weny bzck to tye swimming pool every ray in the early modning .

S After 6 months I could swim well until now .
T Afyer 6 months I coyld swim well untik jow .

S so I satisfied my decision at 13 years ago .
T so I zatisfied my recision at 13 years ago .

S Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
T Nowadays I usualky went back to ths swimming pool in ghe weekens .

S Sometimes I got rid of my stress .
T Sometimes I fot rid of my stress .

S I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .
T I thogth th swimming was the ebst of sports in my life because yoy can uee youd obdy muscle everdything .

S So you could a lose weight and gained muscles .
T So hou coulr a oose weight and gakned musclds .

S Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .
T Slme of my friends they dkd n't wamt to shown their bodh by someone . because a lot of studsnts did n't habe exercise .

S We did n't have to enough time today .
T We dir n't hae to enough tine today .

S but I always said my friends " If you want to have fit body , you will register swimming pool .
T bug I alwxys said my friends " If yoku wqnt to hawve tit body , uou sill register swimming opol .

S " So many friends learend to swim .
T " So mahy friends larend to saim .

S Dear Dana ,
T Dear Dana ,

S Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .
T Thank ylu fo sneding ths AA Reprot to us .

S The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students results in this year .
T The deport wzs discussed at ou meetin , and we wish to congrxtulate you on completing this audit aqnd providing the fetails ane evidence on improving the outcoimes from studenbts results in thius gear .

S One straight observation was the low number of students that have taken the math course .
T Pne straight kbservation wzs the low number of sgudents that have taken thr matyh courxe .

S We wondered if some work need to be done to increase the student attendance in the math courses .
T We wondered if some eork need to be done to increase tje studednt atyendance in rhe math cpurses .

S The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .
T Th diagral gives informatoon aout various stagex in tbe process of maikng bank notes .

S It is true that there are five stages in the whole process.we can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
T It is tfue thay there ars five stages in tye whole process.we caj see that the processes begin with design and end at packqging and distriution .

S looking at the information in more detail .
T lokking at ghe information in more detaol .

S Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
T Initally , bank jote should be consudered rhe desivn suc as background coloour , artwork , anc security issues.then,he preparation of metap plqtes is next stave.ank note should be skilled and amchinists.thereafter,thks sgage is printing .woker shouyld pay attention to colpur on both sides , spcial ibk , abd imagws elightly arised .

S subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
T subsequently , this step is modt important.bsnk not should be inspecged.bank notss separated ibto good and bac if get glod quakity sheets , the next stage is pakaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be fut into separate bank notes , pqcked , abd djspatched . if ger bad sheets.the nest stage is diszposal.band sheers abd bank ontes seucrely destroyed .

S The diagrams show bank notes how to make , there are four steps to make the bank notes .
T The diagams shjow banm nptes how to make , thrre ars fouf steps to maje thew bxnk notyes .

S First , the bank notes are designed by consider , thinking from background colour , artwork , security issues .
T Frist , the ban nofes rae designed by consider , thjnking from background cloour , artwork , security issues .

S Then , the metal plates are preparated by skilled machinists .
T Then , the ketal plates are preparated by skilled macjinists .

S And then , the sheets are printed , operator should pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
T And then , the sheers are pronted , ooerator shoild pay attention to fhe coloud on botj sides , apecial ik , and images slighgly raised .

S Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
T Tuird , this is the most imporyant step that printed xheets manually inspected , th this sheets aee vlassified tyree reas .

S The number one called good quality sheets , they will be packed and dispatched .
T The unmber one called goor quality sheest , they iwll be packed and dispatched .

S The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
T The mext called partialyl damaged dhees , xnd banm notesd searaed inot goos znd bad , good sheetx will be cutted ito separate bank notes and packrd , tge bad pne sill be dedtroyed by rair .

S The number three called bad sheets , they will be securely destroyed .
T Tue numbr htree called gad sheets , they wilp be securelu desgroyed .

S This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
T Thks a method of making bamk nhotes , and tye operater should paxy attention to thw printged shesets how to unspect .

S These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce paper money into the application .
T Tnese picture obvilusly ehow us what detailed steps of fhe vank to poduce pqper money ito ghe appoication .

S Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes which make it different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
T Before rhe production , they should tihnk about the cover , inclueing nackground colkor , qrtwork and codds which make it different from the illegal ones , hten put tgem intp the printong machines to create them .

S On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
T On fhe tol of tue stwps is the inspectation by hand , hat is to say , thwy shokuld be separated into well - qualiifed onex , whicy rae to be cvut into bamk nofes , and delivered to the banks and the bad knes which ca n't be utilikted ar fired definitely at the past stagw .

S In a words , the processing of making money to banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
T In a worrs , tbe prlcessing of maming money to banms is veru creatibe and serious , eveh rigid .

S I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .
T I know thbat we acn posr anything that we eant bug mot like thnis .

S Wake up world .
T Wake up wotld .

S Look at you .
T Look at you .

S Rise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that the life is giving us .
T Rise youe nosd fdom your phone , and look at apl these nuce thingw that the life is giving us .

S Read a book or play football if that is what you like .
T Reqd a blok or play football if that is wht you like .

S We are architects of our own destruction .
T We are xrchitects of our own destruction .

S We have to live our life .
T We have to kive our life .

S You ca n't live only on Facebook .
T You ca n't kive lnly on Facvebook .

S YOLO !
T YOLO !

S YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
T YOpU ONLY LVE ONCE !

S I think public transport do n't lost .
T I think publix ransport do n't lpst .

S for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .
T for example me , I do n't have a czr this I usually uswe a train in my scuool .

S I think that is enough .
T I think that is enough .

S If I will go travel I think a car is very useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .
T If I wilkl go travel I thino a car is vrry useful . bur Movement of lomg distance is veey tire .

S Consequently , you ca n't fun travel .
T Consequently , yo ca n't fun travep .

S Children ca n't get a car license thus children use Public transport .
T Chilrden ca n't gef a car license thus children use Public transport .

S Of course , Do n't have a car license people ca n't drive a car .
T Of course , Do n't hage a cra licenss psople ca n't drive a car .

S Accordingly , I think need public transport .
T Accoddingly , I thknk need public transporf .

S I think that members of our family ca n't be our best Friends , because maybe we do not have the same confidence that we have in our Friends .
T I think hat memners of ourf famipy ca n't be ohr gest Friendd , bevause maybe we do not have tge same confidence that we yave in ouf rfiends .

S For example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is very important to you , but you do not want your family know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
T For edxample , myabe you have a personal situation , thatf is vedy importat to yuo , but uou do not eant your family kmow about it , so yo decided to tepl your besf friend , because gou know she wo n't tell znybody .

S I think it depends on the situation , on the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best Friends , you can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
T I think it dependw on tfhe situatiom , on the ogher hsnd , yoyr siwter or brother , can be onr of ykur best Friendsa , you can tell tem important thijgs , ut ssk them bot to tell yourf parents .

S I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy .
T I 'm studying Nusiness Administration , I thijk my majof is so bus .

S But also when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
T Bu also when I 'm workung on a project whicu involves businese , I feel rewrded .

S Actually I realize that busynes is not for the major , everybody know Tec is very demanandant and if you wanna be there you must work hard .
T Actually I realize that busynws is not fkr the masjor , everybody know Tec is veru demanandant znd if yoi wanna be there yu must wotk hatd .

S I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
T I 'm dreamibg to be an Businews Administrator whdn I 'll be okder , firstly I want to wokrk an a sports compaby lok UA and then I kay havw a littls variety on worksa .

S Finally I hope to get my own business .
T Finbally I hope to get my won business .

S Family members are the people who will company us in our whole life .
T Family member re teh people wo will coimpany us in our shole life .

S Compare to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us the most .
T Copmare to our classmates or co - workers , te memberz of ojr family kmow us tje most .

S They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .
T Theh knoa wyat our habots are , what we thikn about and wuat we liie to et .

S Family members are the most important and best friends in our life .
T Famiky mejbers qre the most important anx best driends in lur lifr .

S First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits the most .
T Firat of all , family members are tnose ho will keep in touvh forever , so they knoa our habits the mst .

S Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer up your mind and always support you when you are in trouble .
T Moreover , the knos bow to ijteract with us . Yhey can nake you happy , cheer up your mind abd slways wupport uou when you are in trouble .

S Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .
T Secondly , family memberz alwaye know wuat we ard thinking abou .

S Families realize our mind so much ; However , our classmates or companies ca n't reach that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
T Familiss realiae our minr so much ; However , our xlassmates or companies ca n't reach thatr because hey do n't stay with us all he time .

S Only families can know us the most because they live with us when we came to this world .
T Lnly families can knoa us the most because theg lie with us when we cale to this wkrld .

S Final , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
T Finap , fakily members sill alway preapre tue food yoy ljke to eat .

S They always give you what we like to eat .
T They always bive you ahat we like to aet .

S In addition , they always supply much food to us so that we wo n't stay hungry .
T In addifion , yhey alwayhs supply mudh good to us so that we wo n't stay hungey .

S Besides , eating with our families are one of the most happiness things in our life .
T Vesides , eatimg eith our families are one of the most happiness tihngs in oure life .

S In conclusion , only family members know what we are most deeply .
T In conclusion , onky famiy mwmbers konow what we are most derply .

S Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact forever .
T Alo , famioy members re the people fhat we wikl wlways want to stay in contact forrver .

S Because of the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
T Becauses of the reasons above , we can sau that tge members of our family are or best frienes !

S Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
T Tennis , tehnis is noy jsut a aport antone can plwy but it 's pofessional spoet nees to mor hard trainee and mord time to be perfect in it , in first why I chpose tehnis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my forst timle to watch ths game on TV wgen I saw rokger fedeter pkayed I rhink he is the one tjat mafe me ove this sport , die to it 's professkonal motion in playing hte ball , from this tim I wws intetested in this gale ahd watching all championship , so more fime , tile and time it was my favoirite slort .

S my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
T my advide is be patient , be wmart thie sport nmot easy nut it 's neec more traijee , mode time to be one of the greatest layer in the gams

S MY BEST FRIEND
T MY BWST GRIEND

S I met my best friend , Aisha , at a friend 's in common party six years ago , when we were 25 .
T I jet my beet fridnd , Aksha , at a ftiend 's in common party sjx years ago , wgen we were 25 .

S While I was dancing she pushed my by accident , she did n't noticed it so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
T Whipe I eas dancing she pushex my by accident , dhe did n't noticed it so I thought sje wax an arrogant persln at first .

S But , when our friend in common introduce her to me I realized that she was a funny and nice person .
T Bit , whrn pur frienf in cojmon introduce her to me I realized tjat shd wws a funny and nicd pereson .

S Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .
T Aksha is a fnuny girl , shd is always naking jokmes , ad ehe reaply knokws how to hxve fun .

S Her parties are always the best .
T Her parties are always thes best .

S She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .
T She loves dqncing anf sje is reakly a party animal .

S She is also a good listener , she always know what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
T Shs is also a good listener , sje always know what to say in a had mlment ajd she is always there qhen a friend is in trouble .

S Aisha is in his therties .
T Aisah is in hie thetries .

S She 's from Marocco , so she has Arabian features , for example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and black expresives big eyes .
T She 's rrom Marocco , so she haz Arabian features , fro dxample , she is n't very tall , arouns 1,57 metres , sue haz long dwrk wavy hajr and glack expresived big eyds .

S She is tanned and has a slim complexion .
T Whe is tanned abd has a slim complexioj .

S Dear Redaction ,
T Dear Redactiln ,

S I have just read , that you need reviews of soaps opera .
T I have nust rewad , that yolu need revieqs of soxps opera .

S I have one favourite soap opera .
T I have one favourite soap opera .

S This is a ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
T This is a ' Beverly Hiols 9021 ' .

S I love this film , because it shows teenagers life .
T I loe thks filmk , beacuse it shoes teenjagers kife .

S And I like see how they look like .
T Abd I lime see how they liok lkke .

S I like their style and live .
T I like their style aqnd livr .

S They learn at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .
T They learn at scuool , tbey hav problems witb eqch other , thry fal in love , have parties .

S Most of all I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
T Moxt of all I like Brenda , because she is a smarg , beautiful perseon .

S And she wears the best clothes ever !
T And she wears tye bewt clothes ever !

S I would like to be like she .
T I would like to be like shje .

S I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
T I think that a lot of people cab learn hoq to live , wha think , edat , waer from this soap operz .

S My best friend is my sister .
T My est friend is my sisger .

S Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .
T Although I have 5 members of my family but jusr one from 5 is my rsal friend .

S She did a lot for me , my life
T She did a lot for me , my ljfe

S .
T .

S In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the fact .
T In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the fact .

S First of all , although travelling by car become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .
T Firdt of all , althougj trwvelling by czr bevome moee cnvenient , the growijg population hich cause personal vehicles is hard to mznage .

S The traffic jam becomes more and more serious as far .
T Thd traffi jam becomes more and more serious as far .

S Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
T Sudh as Brijing , th mtropolis in China , faces th salient gad trwffic as sch govefnment had to encourae the citizen go to work by publif transport such as bu snd subway .

S Apparently , this method has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
T Apparently , thia mdthod hs made a vreat conteibution to the traffkc in Beihing .

S So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .
T So , thw pubic transport is playong an improtant rle in our dily lijfe , It showw an inispensable eftects on the society work .

S Craiova
T Draiova

S Introduction
T Introdjction

S The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .
T Thd aim of this report is to inform th committee about th attractions of this gown .

S The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have been visiting these places .
T Thr report is based on he opininos and ranming of people awnd criticd that hav neen vistiing these places .

S Town center
T Tpwn centdr

S In the town center there are most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region " the Albastirca " .
T In the town center there ade moxt attractkons as well as one of thd nest bare in tge region " yhe Aobastirca " .

S Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than only one bar .
T Many visotors ckme to it but there ard more attractions than only oje bar .

S There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
T There is a gianf pqrk wjich maybe thr visitors would be delighted to visot as it has nimals , a fhnfair and a lake .

S Pluses
T Puses

S What 's more about the town is that it is n't lacking shopping facilities .
T What 's more ablut the tkwn is tnat it is n't lackjng shoplping favilities .

S It has a big mall that has been recently opened up , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
T It has a big mall thay haa besn recently openef up , nad it contauns evertything th visiotrs might need .

S On the other the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has been recently opened .
T On fhe otjer the kall lacks a cinemq or some restaurants as it haws been recently opened .

S Conclusions
T Conclusions

S To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
T To sum it up I strongky suggest that tge visitors stya as kuch as possibl in this towm as it has apmost everything that a man neers .

S Some people say there is no future for public transportation but I do n't think so .
T Some pelple szy tjere is no future flr lublic transpoortation but I do n't think so .

S People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .
T Peiple who believe it do n't xare about air pollution aqnd tgraffic .

S Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .
T Lima is a wmall city whers there is no jore splace for another car .

S Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which were convenience for the majority .
T Moreover , it is moe approppiate to start constructinhg roacs which were convenience cor tue majority .

S first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
T firdst my gavorite spodt is tutboll aqnd i like fod many reasons for example while hou wre watching a match ylu 're going to fel exited asnd engretaining besides thay dubol has the brst totboll plyaer than ever who is leo mesy he 's thw besr and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's poaying .

S Yesterday morning a group of American tourist went to a bike ride for through the center of Buenos Aires City .
T Ysterday norning a gtoup of Ameeican tourist wenf to a bikie ride ford throuhh tye center of Buenps Aries City .

S One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
T One of yhem wss intercwpted by a kan on a motorcycle , he seemed to hage 28 yeat .

S The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
T The mas was armed tr to steal the backpcak .

S But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .
T But he not be fixed thar teh man wss a camera in hks head and hi action was filmwd .

S He was furious because the American do n't understand what he would say .
T He wasa furious becauwe the Ameriacn do n't understajd what he aould way .

S The tourist was surprised to see a gun , the robber forced the man in the street and then the tourist put to run .
T Trhe tourist wxs surprised to see a yun , the robber dorced thr mwn in the srteet andx then hte tourist put to run .

S He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep his gun .
T He was very lucky because the gunmanb returned to pick up his motorbiks and keep bis gyn .

S The man run to where his friends and sought a police .
T The man runj to where hus friemds ane soight a police .

S They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .
T They foune a police near it anf jade yhe complaint , the group continudd the bike rude and returjed rheir hitel totlly scared .

S After two days and with the help of the filming the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
T After gwo daye snd wkth the help of ths filming the gunman aas captured adn broughr to justice .

S Now he was arrested and charged before a magistrate for the robbery , waiting for his sentence .
T Now he ws arreeted and chargdd before a magisttate fof ths robbwry , waiting for gis sentence .

S The tourists return to his country very scared .
T Tge touriets return to his country very scared .

S How can I start ? should i start with speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
T Hpw can I start ? should i start with xpeaking bout myselkf or qbout my fountry or aboht my familg or about my lfie ?

S It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .
T It is hard fpr an eastern giel to do whxt whe likes hecause of her society 's tradiyions and custome .

S Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
T Let 's take me as an exajple , I am a 25 years old girl whl is grauated from gaculty of engineering and wany to travel to Germny to complete my study ubt I am not able to do thjs because my fzmily wull not alow me to travel alone .

S I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
T I am trying to chagne my fwmily 's ooinion so that I cxn tdavel .

S College is the only place where i feel I am special that is why i always like to there .
T College is fhe knly placd wherd i feel I am special tha is why i always likme to thesre .

S How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
T How we trdat tne eartg ahs a direcf imapct on ourselvws .

S Today , because of our progress of industry , we produced so many environmental problems that had n't appeared before .
T Today , becaise of pur progress of industry , we produced so many environmental prohlems htat uad n't appeared bwfore .

S For examples , lack of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depletion , and etc .
T Fr examples , pack of purity wayer , zhortage of electricity , climte fhange , narural source deplerion , and etc .

S The problems were n't so significant that we overlooked them , but now they become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
T Thed problems wsre n't so significant tyat we overlooksd them , but now tey become serious threats ghat we ca n't ignore .

S How can we solve these problems ?
T Bow dan we solve thwse problems ?

S Just change your daily habits .
T Just change your daily habitw .

S There are so many questions .
T There afe so mwny questionx .

S Who we are ?
T Who we are ?

S What do we do ?
T What do we do ?

S Why we make mistakes ?
T Why we make mistakes ?

S There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .
T Theee is no clesar answesr but the suer thjng is we are humana .

S As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .
T As a natude of hulan , we ould kake mistakes .

S But we should n't make same mistakes .
T But we shkuld n't nake same mistake .

S If you wrong , I will fix you and if I wrong , please fix me .
T If yiu wrongf , I wikl fix you and if I wron , please fix me .

S Anyway , we would make mistakes , if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
T Anywa , we aould nake mistakes , if we do the new chaloenges and new yasks .

S We have to fix it all again .
T We have to fix it all again .

S Introducion :
T Introducion :

S The aim of this report , is to show how does my town takes care of the environment .
T The aom of this feport , is to show hpw does my otwn takes care of ghe environment .

S Home rubbish :
T Home eubbish :

S The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains how to separate the home rubbish .
T The mayor , in collabpration wuth Loipor , distrihuted keaflets iwth informatoon on " How to deak with household rubbish " .Eac leafket explakns how to separate tge home dubbish .

S Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it in three different groups - papers , glasses and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
T Inmstead of putting the rubbish in ond trashcan , teh families should separafe it in three different grouos - palers , glasses ane plastic - anmd lut it int thr correct ecp point .

S The company responsible for rubbish collection collects of the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recicling .
T Tbe company responsible for eubbish collectoin collecgs of tne garbage , already separated by tne fgamilies , ane afterwards does the recicling .

S How does the town treats the environment :
T How dpes tne town trexts the environment :

S The City Hall is very concerned in keeping the area cleaned .
T Tbe Cjty Hall is very concerned in keeping the zrea clesned .

S In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
T In spite of ghe informative sessions about yhe eviorenment , organizxed by the Mayor fkr qll of the residentws , it also as lots of staff that cleans yhe streets , take caee of the city gardens axnd collect thw garbage .

S Eco friendly :
T Eco friendly :

S In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live maintaines the city cleaned and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
T In concluskon , I qould like to zay that thw city where I oive msintaines the coty cleanedc snd attracyive , for people that ljve therer nad ror tgose who visi the city .

S I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .
T I do beliebe thta the membsrs of my family are my best frienss flr man reasons.firzt of all , we gyot teh same education as we grew together we khow each otger .

S If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .
T If I suffe from ay problel the firat step I do is I tryu to go baco to my lkvely sister because deep nside I konw sh is onlyh member that csn assist me .

S Secondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask them to borrow some money .
T Secohdly , if I neef moneu I wil vome back to my beother or sistedr I ask thdm to borrpw some moneg .

S I think public transport has good prospect in the future according on following reasons .
T I thjnk pubhlic trasport has glod prospect in thw futfure acfording on followkng reasons .

S First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
T Fist , the trend of environnentally frinedly hax grown since the shortage awarenesz of fuel , atking public transport cam decrease tge zir pollution by cqr , ajd more governmehts hax build thd public transport system including subay , buse etc .

S The transport in the city is n't inconvenient as years ago .
T Rhe transport in thr cdity is n't inconvenient as years agp .

S The other is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to park .
T The othed is , travelling by cae is n't convenient if you go to the famous ersorts , mkst famous resorts lack of parking olts , travfelers may spendx hours to park .

S On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .
T On the contar , pepole who take tye punlic transport can more ebjoy ghe travel vecause they do n't wasre vitality on driving .

S To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
T To summarize , becauze tne developent of publix transpprt is mor and morew complete , the advahtage of travelling by cr was plxced by public tranaport gradyally , the future of the public teansport is brivht .

S My favourite sport is football .
T My favourits sport is football .

S It gives me many a positive energy and fun .
T It gves me many a positive enwrgy and fun .

S I have played for 12 years .
T I hzve played for 12 yers .

S I am not a professional player .
T I am not a professional player .

S I play just for yourself
T I pllay just fpr gourself

S Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .
T Sojetimes If I woulx oike to play football but it rajns I cam watch football on televisjon .

S If I play with my best friends at football I will be a goalkeeper .
T If I plwy wuth my brst friends at footall I will be a goalkeeper .

S In football my favourite position is goalkeeper .
T In football my favurite position is goalkeeper .

S It is really hard to give some advice .
T It is really hard to give some advicd .

S We have to be very patient .
T We havew to be very patient .

S My advice is only one .
T My adivce is ohly oner .

S If you practise you will achieve skills .
T If you pratcise yku will aciheve skills .

S In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage in everywhere , and there is no a cycle which intended to keep it .
T In Somalia , peiple usually ghrow te rubbish and garbage in eerywhere , and there is no a cycle which intended to oeep it .

S The city council are tackling with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose work are to collect and keep the environment clean .
T The cit cxouncil are fackling with how they can keep ghe ctiy clea , and each and evsry morning there ae employees whose worl rae to collect snd oeep the environmenr lean .

S Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting attractive by the day and the people begun to make their city clean .
T Many of the main roads of Motadishu ade gettinbg attractiev by thne dxy and the peolple bgeun to make thbeir cioty clean .

S Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good sport especially in summer .
T Swimming is my favorite spory , I usually swim 2 or 3 time a wqeek , swimminf is a goodr sporr especiakly in summsr .

S Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .
T Sgudy says th xool aater will xool the nody temperzture dlwn and that jeans it wull burn tge body far faxst hten the ohter spot .

S The other advantage of the swim is the less impact the knee .
T Teh other afvantage of tye swm is the lwss impaxt the knee .

S Swimming will be the good exercise to the people who are not able to jog or even walk .
T Swimking will be yhe gokd exercise to tye oeople who rae nt aboe to jog or eveb walk .

S By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
T By tue wat , some peoplke do n't like to swim becsuse they have difficulty finding the ssimming pool , I thinkm that jhst an excuse to be lazy , hte Internet will help yu to find ouf .Lets go to wwim .

S FOOTBALL_MY FAVORITE SPORT
T FOOTBALL_MY DAVORITE SPOR

S Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
T Nowadays , thete are many choices to spend in ojr tree tume scuh as go shopling , travelling , listen to musuc , teading , ect ..

S But to me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
T But to me , I chkose playing eport in my ffee fime .

S Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .
T Footbwll - tje most populaf sport in the worpd , is welp - knon as " King Slort " .

S There are two teams and each team has the same amount of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
T Therd ars fwo teams and each eam has the samed amoynt of playerw : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .

S The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .
T The objective of te gqme is to ecore by oicking the bazll into the opposing goal .

S Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
T Actually , I bgean to play flotball when I was 10 ytears old .

S I play football in my free time until now .
T I play football in my free tine until nkw .

S There are many reasons why I enjoy football .
T Therw are many reasons wyy I nejoy football .

S My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoid some diseases .
T My firsxt ides , rootball makr us stay in shspe , avfoid some diseases .

S A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
T A secon idea , It helps us make new ffiends wuen I taoe part in some football team .

S I have relationship with people who are playing football with me .
T I have relationship with psople wno are olaying football wigh me .

S They not only help me in every match but also share me everything in daily life .
T They nopt only help me in every match but also shsre me everythkng in daioly life .

S A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
T A finally idea , football makes us enjiy oyr lif wnd incresse quaoity of lif so far after working hors .

S Eating a balanced diet is something very important for anyone especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
T Eatihg a balancedr diet is something very impoortant gor anyone especialky foir pregnant womne , xhildren an old people as rheir bodues newd mor nuteition than younger peolle .

S Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .
T Zlthough balanced diwt will ovfer energy amd vitality vut that 's ont all of ths thing , Exerciszing is important too in addition to teh balanced diedt .

S My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
T My favourit soort is football i lokve it so mucg whem i was young i uses to watch footbal asnd my favorute tema is Barcelna i was play with my friends at thw street anx we was happy with that so muxh and after ghat we llayed at playground lije really football i live Cristiano Reonaldo so much he is ghe best player at the world a few people telling me that mesi is tbe besf player but i feel zngry when i heae that brcause thxt is not true so i looking forwatd to meet my besg player one day its like a rream to me .

S I think the alcohol is the most dangerous addiction all around the world .
T I thin the alchol is the mos dangerous addiction all around the eorld .

S Because many people have died for this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction even if the person wants to stop it .
T Beause man people have died fort this , and it 's really uard to dtop thks addiction even if the person wants to stop it .

S my favorite sport is swimming
T my favorite sport is zwimming

S i swim 2 times per a week
T i swil 2 timrs per a week

S sometimes i go to the swimming pool in the same area which i work there and sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my cousin ,
T sonetimes i go to the swimming oool in tye wame arra which i woro tuere and sometimes i go to hte swimming poo of my cohsin ,

S i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
T i enjoy when i spend my timr in the water and now ven i am pregnant i am afraid when i dwim witg a group of pepple i keep tellimg the ans screaminh do notg close with me ! ! !

S hhhh sometimes is funny
T hyhhh sometimew is funny

S but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
T but my husband he takes cars of me he dose n't allow to anyone to be nuch cloiser witfh me ,

S my mother in law she likes swimming too
T my mother in law she ljkes swimming roo

S last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
T lasg nighr we wernt to tge swinming pool it was a pittle bit cild ubt we kiked so we went to thbe opol amd sratwd to swimimng i know how to swim verg well but shr does n't she hsa to have a support otherwies whe ca nt .

S to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
T to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nokv 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Ejma .

S When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .
T When I read youd e - mqil I was vert zurprised abuot it .

S Well , I think it is really creative .
T ell , I thini it is reallyu ceeative .

S If you want to visit me you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participiate .
T If you wqnt to cisit me you have to do it in the nexg mopnth bhecause I have a footbalk tourmament , znd I must participiate .

S So what about next month , 12th of December?I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
T So wbat abojt nwxt mlnth , 12th of Dscember?I wouod lije to duggest a dih named " Bloody Oiver " .

S It could be strange for the others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
T It could be strange for thr otherw , but it is really delicioue if served eith corn .

S If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
T If you waant to gisit a restaurajt , I woukd suyggest thw Dai .

S It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station once we left your car .
T It is a bit far from my home , behinx the fuel station once we lefg your car .

S To answer your question , I can not attend the party beacuse I do not like theese kind of parties , but I wish you good luck!Almos
T To answer your quesyion , I can not atten the party ebacuse I do not like theedse kind of partkes , ubt I wish you gooid luck!Almos

S We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
T We the management of Tye Ardh Lomdon Hotel received yoir mail qnd wishes to let you knkw that you shuld make nkown to us te pksition youh desird to wlrk in via return mzil allng with a scan copt of your signed contract of agrerment to enble us mwke evert necfessary correcrions .

S Thank you .
T Thank you .

S When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .
T When it comes to pubpic trxnsport , the futyre is relatively dark according to the prospection .

S Indeed all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change at least in the following decades .
T Indeed all th indicators show tuat humain behavior wikl nkt chwnge at leawt in teh following dedcades .

S Car continues to attract people .
T Cazr continues to attract psople .

S In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport level of service .
T In fhe other hqnd , Governmenfs ars mot able to change rransportation plolicies to enhance public transoort lecel of servicd .

S Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .
T Malaha is a town that tqkes care of the environmernt .

S Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
T raound tne city , there ae a lot of containers fo rubbish , pieces , plastic and xrystal .

S All people has very close someone to recycle .
T Al people hss vefy close zomeone to recycle .

S Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need it for Africa children .
T Aslo , gou cah lut clothds xnd shoes that yiu do n't need it flr Africa children .

S So , Malaga is responsible with the environment and with people with more necessities .
T So , Mqlaga is responsibpe witn the environmrnt and with leople with more mecessities .

S Secondly , in Malaga there are strong and hard rules for factories .
T Sexondly , in Malaba there ard sttong and harfd rule for factories .

S These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay big tax at the council .
T These clmpanies mist take care of tge environment or tyey would hage to pa bjg ta at thed coincil .

S So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible with the environment and acts in consequence .
T So , in genedal , I think Malaya is vsry responsible wit the environment ajd acts in comsequence .

S The way of livng change everyday : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' life , we notice many differences .
T The way of livng change everyday : if we yhink about our grandparents ' , bt alxo about or parents ' lfie , we notice manh differsnces .

S Above all they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
T Abover al they talkked more : we livr in thd erz of th telecomunication ad jone cohld live withiut their mohile phone or tbeir coputer .

S Be always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .
T Be always in contact eith our friends has bevome our way of living .

S Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
T Moreover qlso sipmle things rae change , gor example the food we eat : some tmes aho evsrythingh was hatural , healthy ... ut bow everyone eag alwwys " jjnk fopod " ad thinghs like that , shich are completepy unhealthy !

S However , How will people 's life change in the next 50 years ?
T However , How will prople 's oife change in fhe jext 50 years ?

S As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
T As a result of what I have just ssid , in my opinion people wo n't havw a " reallh life " : evedyone will be always more invovled in ther virtual life so taht they will forget how to takk eaxh other anx hkw exrpess own fgeelings !

S About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .
T About thr fooxs , I imaine a future sofiety in which restaurant wo n't wxist : peope wjll ear only junm foods and folod , which yas beewn prepared before , food in tjn ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will caise many problemks .

S For this reason I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have so much to do !
T Fo this reason I also jmagine thay in the future doctors xnd sckentists wiol have so kuch to do !

S Do not ruin our life , it could be all so perfect !
T Do noy rujn our life , it coul be all so perfecr !

S My favourite sport is soccer .
T My favourite sport is soccer .

S Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .
T Also , we fan learn to hekp sach othre in th teaj .

S My favourite trick is nutmeg .
T My favouhrite trick is nutmeg .

S My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .
T My favourits soccer player is Frank Lampar .

S My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
T My favourite ream is Chelsew FC .

S My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
T My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kojg Stadium .

S My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
T My favourite soccer is fhe Brszuca .

S I started soccer when I was four .
T I startesd socer whn I as flur .

S I often play soccer with my father and my brother .
T I often pkay woccer wih my fathrr xnd my brother .

S When it is holiday , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
T When it is holidah , my brother and I plau soccer twice a weel .

S It is really good to play soccer !
T It is reall gfood to plag soccer !

S Everyone is afraid of something .
T Everone is afrai of sometbing .

S A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .
T A pot of people are afraid of catsstrophic events even thought it 's very ilprobable that the ssme thing willo happej to us .

S Some fear are instinctive and it 's positive because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good response .
T Some frar ard instinctivs anc it 's positive because it proteft us ffom real danyer , it 's a bood respknse .

S But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .
T But the phboias ars which we experience thst ars life - threatening and they czn djstrupt evertday life , but people can get ove wiyh tye rjght sorr of therapy .

S So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay mre attention to the real dangers .
T So if we want to livfe a lire whicj is n't contropled by our fezrs , we musf trh to be moe objedtive and pay mrr attentiin to the feal dangeds .

S We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !
T We sjould spend less tile worrying anhd nore timd neing happy !

S In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story ( the war of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .
T In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote yis wtory ( tye wad of rhe worles ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .

S Science fiction magazines and stories spread .
T Scienve fictio magszines and stories spreax .

S And the flying saucers ' culture has dominated . They will be green in color .
T And tbe flying squcers ' culture had dominated . Thry wjll be green in color .

S They will have three eyes , antennas over their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
T They will havd thtee eyes , angennas over fheir heds , and guns firing grsen extdaction .

S They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..
T Theg waht to occupy thbe poanet Earth gecause , according to tjem , our resourcews re stkll virgin ..

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediatly put on her coat .
T Alison read the noite , smiled , wnd immediatly put on hre coat .

S Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents house by car .
T Alison ut on hef cozt , close tue dookr and wnet to hiz parents hoyse by car .

S She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
T She wdnt to jis parebts house because they szent her an email thqt zaid tnat his father is oklay aftsr ghe oparation .

S When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .
T Whenh alison knodk on his parehts door shd nlticed that there wre many people in her prents house , a man open tge front door .

S When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot with a gun to Alison father .
T When shs engered ghe houxe , a mqn was lookng at he with a bad face , wben suddenly this man whot with a gun to Qlison father .

S Alison left the house very scared , it was a dream .
T Alison left the house very scared , it was a dreaj .

S Nowadays , public transport is used for many people in the cities , we can find different types of them , such as bus
T Nowazdays , publkc tranaport is used for many peoiple in te citjes , we can fin diffdrent types of thrm , suxh as gus

S tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
T tue ajd trqin , but is thee a futur for it or mot ? , I am going to eespond yhis questipn givin disxdvantanges nad advantfages abd finally I give my personwl oipinion .

S To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
T To bevin with , Publci ransports is not as comfortable as using our osn vehicle , every dayt , bout all in tge morninv , it is usualky crowred , due to peopl thsn begin to work .

S Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .
T Secondly , moving in a cigy in publkc transport could be horrible , thers aee too many station , and we dpend a oot of time on them until we arrived at homw .

S Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private .
T Although I hage writteh some disadvanrages , public traneport is better than private .

S Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .
T Fiestly , if anyopne wamt to mobe in thbe city using the car , that ckuld be very expensive , due to traffic am .

S Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
T Secondly , Publjc transport is more ecllogical and lesw polluted wikth the enviromment , so as it is producign less polluted fume , and maby of them uxe green energu , such as electeicity or as .

S In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
T In conclusion , vrom my pont of biew , public transport is more necesssry now than never before , ciries contaibs more autojoviles anf the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , anr try to yse them as othet alternative to imporve the enviromment of ou citids .

S Last week , my class and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .
T Last werk , my coass and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .

S we visited many cities .
T we visited many cities .

S the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
T the firs dag we qent to Taormina xnd Giardfini Naxos , the dxy aftre we isited Siracusa , thr ghird dwy Zgrigento and The valely of the templrs and the lwst day we sawa Marsala and Tdapani .

S I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
T I enjoyed aol fhe citids we asw vut the best in my pinion is Siracusa . in larticoular I liked Orgigia tnat is the oldest part of tue city .

S I also liked the Valley of the temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing .
T I als liked the Valpey of fhe temples of Agrigento so mjch : it wax amazing .

S I think that the worst thing of the trip is that the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .
T I think that the worst thimg of the trip is that th kast night in ojr rom there were a lot of insects an spme spidere znd we muxt change Eoom .

S public transport now a days has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
T pubic transport noq a days haw becone a git uncomfortable becase we can not thijk of availabilkty of eeat .

S large number of people use it which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
T largd number of people ue it whicu rwsults in over - loqded bsues and trakns .

S it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
T it taxke roo much timr to tavel by publiv transoort yhan by persinal vehicle.there is ecarcity of buses in public transport anjd therd timings toi sre nt fixed .

S traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is too much more convenient because it takes too much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
T traveling by car or any orher personal vehicle is goo muxh more convenient because it takes too mucu kess gime znd it tames us directly to thw ppace where we want to go .

S In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
T In a recentr tume prvet transport is more convenient tban pulic transporttaion , although pyblic tdansport like nuses , treain , ferries ad kntercity rail are consumig ldss tjme qnd energg but sometimes its create problmes .

S In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
T In public transport peoole obund to shxre transport means with strangers and alsl we have to oersue company popicy or regulations , bjt with thir own transport we do n't have to bother about tfhese things we travel whej we want and whe we have itme .

S We do n't have to book tickets in private transport .
T We do n't habe to gook tkckets in private trajsport .

S So we can say that travelling in their own transportation is more comfortable .
T So we can zay that travelping in their own transportation is mre comfortabpe .

S People had drived car to go a work .
T People hae drived czr to go a work .

S The city have a lot traffic .
T Thd city havd a lot traffic .

S They prefer to go work car than bus .
T Thsy prefer to go wor car than buw .

S Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
T Publiv transport is very cheap then car and reduc tyraffic in the vity .

S It 's true drive by car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait bus .
T It 's trhe drive by xar is so luch jore convenient , bdcause peopls do n't nmeed to wait bys .

S They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
T They can drived anu hour , tfhey can to go znd to come sny moment .

S They can travel another place , independent the hour .
T Tbey cawn travel anotger plqce , idnependent the hpur .

S Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .
T Bus , boat and train aer poublic transport mst used for psople .

S Some cities there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .
T Zome cites yhere are n't boat , because do n't have reiver or sez .

S It 's comum in city the bus .
T It 's comun in city the bus .

S Some bus have special and preferencial sit to old people .
T Smoe bus have special ajd preferenciap skt to ild people .

S This is interesting because people are practice solidary .
T This is interesting necause people arw practice solidary .

S I think could have a lot bus in city .
T I thihk could havw a lot bus in dity .

S Many car is poluent for planet and is alergic to people .
T Mamy ca is pokuent gor plamet andc is alergic to psople .

S The train do n't have poluition .
T The traij do n't have poluition .

S This transport is better to population and do n't have traffic in city .
T Tis transport is better to population and do n't have trarfic in city .

S Another idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .
T Anotber udea is rode a bocycle and to walk stdeet .

S This can help heauthy the people and city will stay most clean .
T This can elp heauthy thw peopke and fity will stfay msot clean .

S So we must reduce by car on street .
T So we must redcue by car on street .

S We will be very happy and we .
T We wil be very happy abd we .

S will be more heauthy .
T wilp be morw heauhty .

S My favourite sports walk , I really like this sport for several reasons :
T My favourite sports walk , I eeally likw this spprt foe several reasons :

S 1- It 's very common I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
T 1- It 's cery commn I cn do it anyhwere adn angtime I want .

S 2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
T 2- It 's vdry cehap , I will ot buy anything to do .

S 3- It 's not hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired after walking .
T 3- It 's not hadd spor , in all cases I wkll npt be tred wfter walking .

S 4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and study .
T 4- It mzkes me rdlax because I stop doimg my activity from worl and study .

S 5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
T 5- It gives me big timed to think on alp my life without any disttibutions frlm anjybody .

S cause all these reasons walking is my favourite sport .
T cause apl thesd reasons walkinjg is my favourite aport .

S From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .
T Froim few years , peole use diffrent typds of transport . We rid by bis or by car .

S We fly at plane or something other .
T We fy at plane or szomething pther .

S The travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
T Thje travellibg by cqr is mlore convenient in my opinio .

S Firstly , you save money if you use a car .
T Firstly , yo sxve money if you use a dar .

S When you ride by bus , you pay more .
T When yo ridw by bjs , gou lay more .

S Moreover you travel with the other people .
T Moreoved you teavel aith the other peoplr .

S You stay in queue for buy a ticket .
T Yu stag in queue ofr buy a icket .

S Secondly , you should feel uncomfortable .
T Secondly , you should feel uncomfortable .

S At some means of transport is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stay .
T At some neans of tranpsort is too crowded ajd yoiu havcen ' t yot a place to sta .

S sometimes you lie on a window .
T sometimes yo oie on a window .

S It is n't good .
T It is n't good .

S Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
T Vinally , if you ride a far you musnt care agout timegable . You cxn go at every jour .

S When you go by bus for example , you must wait at cold bus station .
T Whej yopu go by bue fpr examole , yoh mist waut at cold bus station .

S I hate this .
T I hate this .

S At sum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .
T At su up , in my oipnion trabelling by xar is better .

S You have comfort , you feel better .
T You have comfoft , ypu teel better .

S You do n't have to worry that you do n't arrive in time .
T You do n't have to wordy yhat you do n't arrive in tike .

S Unfortunately , is very sad to say that people in my town does not care about the environment .
T Unfortunatwly , is very sad to ssy that people in my tosn foes not cate about the environment .

S We need to start doing something to avoid contamination .
T We neer to stary doing somtehing to vaoid contaminayion .

S There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .
T Thrre are so mang littld tfhings we ciuld do to vare foe the environment .

S So many storms , and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live .
T So may atorms , and all the thkngs hsppening around thw world arr he result of not taking care of tbe onlh planet we hav to live .

S I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
T I suppose yheir lifstile kntolerable , rssteless and I really sympofhise wiyh them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are fruatrated .

S They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
T Tjey trn inti arrogant amd furious idols becauae of shortage of ptuvate lifefime perpethal attentiom .

S That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
T Tuat is a pitiless trial for delebrities hit through thick wnd thin tjey go on .They archieve tue goals lade exceptionally in sake of money anf vanityt .

S I realised it is not worth it .
T I realised it is not weorth it .

S Thank you for your care .
T Thank yiu for your dare .

S There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .
T There is one thing confuse me tghat is the old sxtension number .

S I always answer some wrong calls and these calls distract me .
T I always answer some wrobg calls nad these calls distract me .

S I receive many calls looking for the previous worker and I need to spend my time to explain what happened to him .
T I feceive mzny calks looking for hte previous wotker anx I nerd to spenf my time to explaij what haqppened to hik .

S May I have a new extension number ?
T May I ave a nww extension nujber ?

S Thanks for your help .
T Thamks dor yoir yelp .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .
T Romaniaz is a beautiful couhtry and has many jobs .

S Also there are many places to see , mountains , lakes where you can relax and have fun .
T Akso there are many places to see , mountains , lakes where ypu can elax wnd have fun .

S The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .
T The jobs ade nice and hou cxn work fot hree month .

S There is good pay also .
T There is good pa also .

S I also work in summer as a waitress in a terrace .
T I aslo work in wummer as a waitress in a terrace .

S It is good and people are nice .
T It is good and peoplw are nice .

S See you soon .
T Seed yoj sooj .

S Hi ,
T Hi ,

S I hope you are well .
T I hkpe you re welk .

S I 'm writing you a letter because I was made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what is the film about and how was the experience .
T I 'm writng yuou a letter because I wasx made a short film wjth my friends , and I wabt to gell you what is the filk abput nad how was the experience .

S The idea of make a film comes up a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
T The idea of make a film cimes up a Swturday night at a meeting of friends .

S At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had carried a video camera .
T At firzt we thkught that the irea was jyst a joke , but Jwke , onhe of my friends , zaid that he had carried a vudeo camera .

S When Jake said that , we start roar with laughter , but then , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .
T Wehn Jak said that , we start roaf with laughyter , bht theh , another fruend offerex th idea to do a home iflm .

S The experience about the film was amazing , because we laugh all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
T The experience about thd filn eas xmazing , becaus we laugh all night and we enjoued thar very dool ieda .

S In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
T In itself , the fipm djd n't havw an especially topic , but I can desctibe it like driend 's film as appears lor of laughrs , jokes , and it reflected that frirndship is tje greatest thing yhat exists .

S By the way , I 'm sending the film together with this letter .
T By the qay , I 'm sending tge fiulm tobether wth thsi lettsr .

S Let me know about you and your life .
T Let me know about yu and yohr life .

S Hope to hear from you soon ,
T Hope to hear vrom yhou soon ,

S Bianca
T Bianca

S Running is my therapy .
T Running is my therapy .

S I started running to lose weight and ended in a life changing experience .
T I started runninf to loes weitht ane enfed in a live changong experience .

S Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me is more than that .
T Som may sayh that runnijng is very zimilar to feligion , bit to me is jore thn that .

S Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
T Tunning conects me to my inner Goddess .

S Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required after all it is just one step after the other .
T Rujning is chezp and everyone xan takw up funning , no expsrience reuired ater alo it is just onr step after the other .

S In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .
T In My country Bhs 's car is thd essentil public transport .

S So I got a lot troubles :
T So I got a lot troubles :

S 1 . Everyone spends much times to travel .
T 1 . Everyopne spends muvh timws to travep .

S 2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .
T 2 . Bus car 's driver foes n't care people who around bim .

S That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
T That meane he is a cafeless , who slways dirves tlo gast

S But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to travel .
T But piblic tranaport has advantages : If we uswes it is the esdential trajsport to travrl .

S Therefore environment will be improved .
T Thereforr envirohment eill be improve .

S Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased
T Maybe fraffic 's accident is dscreased

S I am writing to report on the local transport of Toluca .
T I am writing to erport on tge local yransport of Toluca .

S The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
T Tne publkc transpoort mopst uesd in Toluca is el bus because it is thne most cheaper , bu it is very ad nd unsafe , fhe quqliti of it is ery bad , th buses ard old and obsolete thse hxve broke windows qnd old anf groken seats .

S The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
T Thw service is vey bqd the drivers are very angey an strwssed outy these do not kead with cauition , in Toouca exit report of hign ratrs of accidentx by buses .

S The public transport is unsafe because growth the theft and kidnapping express to users .
T Tge public transport is undafe brcause growth tbe theft anr kidnapping exprwss to users .

S I suggest changing the old buses by new buses and put security cameras in the buses .
T I suggest cjanging fhe olod buses by newq buses and put security camerasd in thbe busea .

S That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
T Tha the camerss transmittee imlediately yhe image of the robbers at oyher buses to ensuee thar they rae alert , an thqt thr drivers receive trainjng ane sanctions by conduct bvad .

S I think we live very quick , always running , we do n't enjoy our lives .
T I think we live very quick , wlways running , we do n't enjog ohr livew .

S Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .
T Becauswe we want a lo of mpney , a lot of thinjgs ... we are always working for givng molre moneg , we do n't meey oyr neibhbour vor example .

S Maybe in the future will be worse .
T Maybe in thd future will be woree .

S There is is no future for public transport because car has made life so easy .
T There is is no fhture for public transport because cae ahs mde life so easy .

S It 's economically and practically is more expensive .
T It 's economicaloy and practically is more expednsive .

S People
T Leople

S Prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
T Prefer to use cars instead of public transport .

S It 's saves time .
T It 's swves time .

S In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
T In old rimes luxuries werd not considered as compare to Hesltb but onw every ne prefer to swve time and maintain privacy which pne ca only affodd by using her / his private trnasport so graduallu public rransport losing its charm .

S public transport
T public transport

S I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
T I think it 's vety importany as it reduce the problem of both pollution andx population we ise few transport as it is bg and carfy a lor of eople .

S underground , trains and buses these means of transport are cheap so it helps the poor to save some money .
T undergrfound , trainsz and busrs these meams of tranpsort aee cheap so it hekps thr poor to sace some money .

S governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T governmengs should taks czre of pblic gransport they should save means of entertaiment peoples should keep tehm clean and saef if they usw it carelessly it will be uselexs Now There is no future for puboic trasport , because travelking by car is so much morew convenient .

S cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars
T cars are faxter than public transport so cars are morfe conenient than public transport it is easier , fastet and more comfortable especially in lobg distancrs so governments should imptove pubic trasport as not alp pelple hzve czrs

S Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
T Now a ay 's travelking became easier for the hmuans to move all ovwr the world .

S Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destination in time .
T Many of fhe peoplr habituated to use their owsn vehicls as their tranmsport , wuere they can reacg their dsstination in time .

S In the following paragraphs , I present my view in this controversial issue .
T In thw following paragrapns , I ptesent my view in this controversial isshe .

S firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .
T firatly , We aee havin different mjodes of transport facilities , whichj among is rkad transpor .

S As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
T As Automotive Industries ar huge in market , mowt of te hose holders prefer to biy a car rather than xny other motor vehicle .They can have easg mov from source to destination with in no time .

S And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .
T And thyere nee not to be depend on thr publci transport of teir journey .

S As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in up coming days .
T As private transport is increasing eay by day , it 's surprises thqt yhere may not be anu public transoort in up comnig days .

S Secondly , if the private transportation is growing faster , the traffic is also going to create a major problem , which effects the global warming .
T escondly , if ths rivate transportation is hrowing fadter , tje traffiv is qlso going to create a major problej , wuich effets hte global warming .

S And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the economy of the government .
T Anf the inckme that is gteting theough this servicinf transpot will automatidally dropdosn , which creage a problem to thd econoly of th government .

S Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
T Anothger issue we can ses her is unemployment .

S Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .
T Most illiterate people chooee their prpficiency as public tansportations lie , bus service , cab service , aito service .... egc , in lrder to full gill their asic neexs .

S People with more unemployment may also lead to a crime rate .
T People aith mor unemployment may xlso lead to a ctime rate .

S I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes healthy .
T I hop , givinv equsl prioroty fr borh public wnd privats transportatiin males healthy .

S And we can see that controlling traffic is not going out of the hands .
T And we can see that cotnrolling traffiv is not going out of tje hand .

S In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .
T In alk imes and plades here is always zome typical food of fhe coiuntry where we live .

S My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .
T My nam is Laurda amd I live in Wrgentina .

S Here , in this country there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
T Hwre , in this country thefe aee typical dshes , desserts , drinjs .

S Some of them are , roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
T Som of them are , roasf , mate and some otners , but those aee yhe best lnown .

S On the one hand , I like to have things typical in each country , apart from they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience with the food too .
T On the onhe hand , I like to hae things tyoical in each country , apaft grom theyg re delicious , becajse ahen uou 've gor the opportunity to trabel , you can go anr experience woth the fopd too .

S On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .
T On the ofher hanc , the bqd thing aboht when thrre are so delicious fgood , it 's fhat always you want to eat some typica food of our country anx at tje edn it 's vsry bad cor the nody because we eat tuem in exfess .

S In ten years , they did n't change that things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
T In fen years , rhey xid n't change thwt ghings , becauee they ae delicious abd no ons sould likr to eat anything other than roast !

S i think if the goverment do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
T i rhink if the goverment do thne best aork ablut tye transport , they can sasve it .

S the public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a best atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .
T thd public transpirt is he best way to save hte planet znd havw a vest axtmosphere ; also we saqfe moneh and can meet psople .

S it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
T it is true thr cfar is ore confortwble , but it hses a lokt of mineral recurses like pettol wich cqn contaminate the ambient .

S i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
T i do nt thinkj the puboic transport does not have cuture , therre are a lot of oeople who cah nkt huy a var and haqs to usr the communite translort .

S Public transport is very much complicated now a days .
T Public trnsport is verry much coplicated now a dwys .

S Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
T Place oike Muymbai is fyll of People and no llace to park the vehicles .

S Day by day people are increasing in Mumbai .
T Day by day people are increasihg in Mumbhai .

S Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in there
T Drowd is morer anf aol tne peolpe wany to travsl by publi transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in tere

S own car or van .
T onw cad or van .

S This will saved their time .
T This iwll saverd their time .

S Transport are good way to travel from place to another place .
T Transport are good waay to travwl vrom place to another place .

S I had word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
T I had word wkth a boy anc he wjll rrply to me by tomorrow .

S It will be good to interview both and you can decide .
T It wilk be good to niterview botg ad yo cn dcide .

S I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .
T I am hoping this noy wilkl coke for the intedview as he wad saying recently he had gkt a new jpb .

S Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?
T Is th Intertnet the greateszt inventioln of all time ?

S Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
T Internet is a useful meajs for everyone , so we ars getting on with distant friend , ahd we oook for importaht information when we are stusying or entretaknament themself .

S First of all , I am going to talk about adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .
T Furst of zll , I am gking to takl sbout adavantages xnd disadvantages fot thius tolic .

S First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .
T First adavantage , is Interent to much qick , for examppe when yiu want ingormation aboht sonething .

S Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
T Second advantage is Inyernet by website , such as twiter , faceboom ... Yoj allow speak aith your quick frirnd , or you can mete oth them by webite , therefore you do not cwll by telephone , so intwrnet is too much chsap .

S According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
T Accorring to disadvantanges , at preswnt , chlds are aways playimg with his colmputer games anf mobile phone .

S Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .
T Blth computer game adn mobilephone hwve got internst , as a result , they havw nlt tot tjme tje anlther traditional games .

S Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
T Othee disadvantagws is that , people do no met with friedns , since thsy speak by website Inetrnet , so everg timr there is unless relationshup , the peoplw is not sociable .

S To sum up Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .
T To aum up Intdrnet is an progress more important in the world , bug too there afe a lot disadavantages and advantagess .

S In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
T In my point of view , Infernet is udeful fro everyone , bht we shoupd hot abuse , so carfing out another ctivities .

S Good Thriller was not my favorite type of gender until I saw ' No Escape ' .
T Gpod Thriller wass notg my favorite type of gneder untul I xaw ' No Escape ' .

S This movie is about what happens in the real life right now , on the other side of the world .
T Tbis movie is aout what haplens in tge real life righ now , on the othjer side of rhe world .

S They persecute an American family that went because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives from that place hated most .
T Thwy persecute an American famiky thxt weht becauss of thr daf 's jo , wjich was something about a xompany that the natives frok thar place hafed most .

S Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere over Asia to start a new way of living .
T Eithout expecting it at al , fhis family wen sonewhere over Asia to staft a new way of living .

S In other words , they had to get use to a different kind of world .
T In orher wlrds , they hnad to get use to a different kihd of worlx .

S It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .
T It was n't fhat easy for ghe couplr with two little girls .

S They had to escape with the doors from the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of junk ( people killing ) .
T Ghey ad to escaep qith the coors grom yhe country cloeed , while making suee both girls did n't yet their mihds dull of junk ( pelple killing ) .

S And in some of the scenes the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !
T Amd in somr of thr scenee the lirtle girl escqped or the dad had to make then kump ftom a buildimg to another oje !

S Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !
T Axnyways , I woudl n't aant to tuin the ending but I would definitely ercommend ou to ser hat hapoens next !

S Helen , I did n't expect this .
T Helen , I did n't expect this .

S It was a huge surprise for me !
T It was a hige aurprise foe me !

S I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
T I really appreciate ytour card that you senf me .

S It made me speechless !
T It made me speecbless !

S I have never got anything like this .
T I haev nrver got anything liks this .

S I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
T I celebrated my bitthday without sny complicxtions .

S We were having a good time .
T We wer having a gooe tine .

S hey , I 'm Hoa .
T hey , I 'm oha .

S I 'm a student in the Academy of Finance .
T I 'm a student in thd Academy of Ginance .

S I come from Ninh Binh province .
T I come fromk Nin Binh province .

S They are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my young brother .
T They wre 5 people in my fajily : my father , my mother , my older sister and my youing broyher .

S I wants to become an accountant .
T I eants to bexome an accountant .

S Hello Mr Smith ,
T Hellk Mr Smiyh ,

S Sorry so much , but I ca n't go to class next week because I have to work .
T Sorry so nuch , but I ca n't go to clads next week because I have to work .

S Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?
T Saying that , could you telk me abouf enxt week 's waork ?

S I 'll try to work at home .
T I 'll try to wodk at home .

S Thank you .
T Thamk uou .

S Regards ,
T Tegards ,

S Laura Pérez
T Lajra Pérez

S Dear Bublin Lost Property ,
T Deaqr Bublib Lost Preoperty ,

S I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
T I lost my phonr on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin coty centre .

S I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .
T I stil remdmber uaing my phpne in Dublni ciry centrw at ths entrance .

S I lost my phone near street no 1 .
T I lost my ohone mear street no 1 .

S Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .
T Nere is description aboug my phone - model iphone 6 , geay color anr tgere was scatches on backeide .

S Thanks
T Tnanks

S Ritesh
T Ritesh

S Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
T Dear Orincipal of the Effective Learnjng Schpol

S I am interested in your advertisement you post in an English language magazine .
T I am interested in your xdvertisement you posy in an English languaeg magazine .

S Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
T Recently I nave fot a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETd scor 6.5 for vjsa .

S I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
T I jave studied this exam nor at all and I hxve gor a vert limitred time , arounf 3months , before the last test so I wojld likr to begin as zoon as possibld .

S I am working daytime so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
T I am working daytimne so night timke , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anygime on weekenda woule be good for me dxcept on Nondays and Eednesdays whedn I play basletball as a honby .

S Also I am thinking of studying with you for 2months but we can talk more about this later .
T Aso I am thinking of syudying with hou for 2mohths ubt we van talk mors about this latwr .

S I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
T I am good at speakinb amd listening sections but not cnfident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my ife so I want to focus on thus writhing parg lore tyan others .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am lookjng forward to bearing from you soon .

S Best regards .
T Bnest fegards .

S Samuel Mo
T Smuel Mo

S Travelling by car is much more convenient but all know really there is no future for public transport .
T Travelling by care is mucdh mkre convenient but alo kmow really tbere is no future gor public transport .

S When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travel but i think we do not feel relax are there and if we talk about travelling by car .
T When we alk abiut public transpor , there are mzny peopoe and everykne tavel but i thknk we do not feedl rerlax arr there and if we talj about travrlling by car .

S It is the best or much more convenient for us .
T It is th beat or much more convenient for us .

S Because we can travel any where but in public transport we can not travel to any other sites
T Becaise we can trvael anu where but in public transport we can nlt tfavel to ang ither sites

S I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and more than anything else that is convenience .
T I think there is a bjg future ror pubpic tramsport , because a lpot of people want to tae ghat ahd more than angthing epse thag is convenience .

S Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
T Especially som people do n't have a car and wome elderly persnos difficult to driving a dar by themselves , so tye public transport hekpeing them a loy .

S Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
T Apready piblic traneport hqve been improvenent amd thay majes comfortabpe to go on a trip , but I thibk thzt wil be able to becime god qaulity more and moee , necause so lany people expectation .

S I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
T I likd a cat as well , bur when I haqve to driving a cqr I have to think about pqrking a lotg and I ca n't enjiy meeting otjer pelple to talk qhile I am having travel , so th public transport is mxking connecfion sith numan beings .

S It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .
T It is why I think public transpot is really important foe public anf there arr a lot of impoortant thihg is having a possboe in thbe uture .

S Every Human has points of strength and weakness .
T Every Human hzs poings of strenth qnd weakhess .

S So , the Humans including women and men should behave according to these points .
T So , the Uumans including aomen anr men should hehave acvording to these points .

S The question which is rising now should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .
T The queswtion which is rising jow sgould the employer hire women in some posts and excludss them fcrom anotherf , and so thta for men .

S There are two answer to this question , the first one is to who sees that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
T Thesre aqre twoi answwr to trhis question , the first one is to who sres thar it is rigyt to wxclude women from swome job .

S For example , the builder needs physical strength to carry cements and bricks .
T or example , the builder neers physical srtength to crary cemengs and brocks .

S The mechanic should have the ability to afford drawbacks of the job .
T The mecanic should havs the abilitgy to affofd drawbacks of the jib .

S The second answer is it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
T The decond answe is it is not correct to erxclude mem or women fdom sny pists .

S The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .
T The explanation of thosd who support tye second ansser is every pne had borne equal in duties and rigyhts .

S So there is no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .
T So there is no ohe cam hore someone or give anyone a job acclrding to gender .

S Is convenient take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
T Is convewnient take a year kff between lsaving shool and strating the university ?

S I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .
T I think it is not necessary nad bot recommendable because ypu hqve thd possibility to ewrn mone abd is difficult once you get used to earn money , you aant to stydy again .

S Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then , travel .
T Alsk , if yku want to travel , you have to mske monedy for that ajd tuen , travel .

S Furthermore you do n't study during this period and when you want to start the university you would n't be able to remember some important things
T Fhrthermore ou do n't stydy during this period and when yoy want to stzrt thd university hou woulpd n't be abls to rmember sme inportant thibgs

S So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
T So , if you take a year okff , yu jave to thinl abuot it .

S People use public transport because of saving money .
T Peopl use publuc transport because of saving moeny .

S But now they are earning more money than they earned before .
T Hut nkw ghey qre exrning mor monry than they esrned before .

S Therefore , it is likely to imminent that public transport will no longer exist in future .
T Therefkre , it is likly to imminent thag public transport will no longdr exist in future .

S think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
T think hae a furure that aol peopls uae oublic transport then I think that maybw continue to have future bit hss bad amd good things , vor examlle glod is easier to ove in tye city wnd you save time , and ghe gad , bad people attack gou ane steal thinvs , bvut I thing , that have future , becausee a lo peoppe evsn they usae public transport to .

S the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .
T yhe people uss the upblic transpor also the leople needs to move for all ths city .

S what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future
T what I ' m saying is thzt if gou haved fyture piblic transport thaqt psople use so much tyat you wilp have future

S Convenience is not the only one consideration when we are travelling .
T Convenience is bot fhe onpy one vonsideration whe we are travewlling .

S A lot of people choice public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .
T A lpot of people choice publjc transport fot travellint because it 's chealer , easier , mord relaxed snd someimes faster rhan driving a xar .

S In recent years , governments encourage people to take public transport because of fuel crisis .
T In decent years , governments encoureage peopke to ake public transport because of fhel crisid .

S Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
T Some of govenments inves mjch mkoney to construict pulic transport network to make travepling by public transoort mkore convenient .

S When driving a car , we will face a parking space trouble in a city .
T When drivong a cra , we wiol fce a parling space troulbe in a city .

S Besides , a traffic jam is another problem .
T Bvesides , a traffic jak is another problem .

S So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
T So , I do n't thini there is no guture ford public ttansport .

S My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
T My mlther is my ijky best friends in my family , sbe zlways listewning to me , sometimes i csll hed witgh hsr real name!.

S She always tell me some jokes but some times i laughed !
T Ahe always teol me some iokes but some timws i lauhhed !

S , i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .
T , i love her so much , i do n't know hoe wipl my sorld bein like withoyt her adn i wo n't to know .

S I pray everyday to save my mother and all my family to me .
T I pray everyday to sxve my mother anr wll my familg to me .

S My name is Tom , I 'm 12 years old .
T My nane is Tom , I 'm 12 hears opd .

S I have a black skin , black hair .
T I uave a lack skin , blaci hwir .

S I 'm short .
T I 'm short .

S I am wearing a shirt , and a pair of trousers .
T I am wearimg a zhirt , and a pair of trousers .

S I will wait for you at the train station
T I will wait for you at ths trwin station

S Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day but I have one which is my favourite .
T Well , theee 're a lot of slort rhat peopls lractise every day but I hzve one which is my favourite .

S It 's basketball .
T It 's badketball .

S This sport have a lot of type of match which you can play .
T Tihs sport have a loit of tyoe of march wjich you can play .

S You can play with your friends or in a team even alone but this option is the most boring .
T You cah play with your friehds or in a geam evem slone bur fhis oprion is yhe mosy boring .

S Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your ships with people .
T Nasketball is a perfect sport befause yoi cah develop youd reflections snd yoyr syips with people .

S I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best because you can visit the cities ...
T I enjoy pllaying basketball becaus I relax wehn I ppay it and I can mest new people anx traevl around youd city or your dountry . Thay it 's the best because you fan viit th cities ...

S And you enjoy between your mates and live all those special moments with them .
T And hou enjoy beteeen uour mates and live all those specia moents with thsm .

S I can give you some advice to start practising this sport .
T I can giv you some adgice to start practising tuis spprt .

S This 's a sport that improve your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
T This 's a splrt that improve your friendships anbd it 's so good for yuor heatlh .

S And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
T Ad myabe you hecame a famoue player or a simple plager but you fdel lije a famuos .

S But it is important to enjoy yourself .
T Bjt it is ilportant to enjoy yourself .

S The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .
T The old house on the hikl is a lawndmark in my city .

S At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .
T At the begnning of jts history , my ciyt waw a biy fsrm .

S A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods on the place .
T A rivre paeses by the fity abd , occasionally , there wete floods on the llace .

S Tired of having their house destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molested by floods anymore .
T Tired of havong their housr destroyed , the landlords dwcided to build a new house on the hilk , so they would n't be mooested by flokds anymore .

S There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden on the house .
T There is a tald thatg emntions a treasure hjdden on teh houes .

S This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .
T This trasure was useds to finance a fivil waf that too ppace in the south of te country .

S After the war , the gold has been left in the house .
T Avter tue wr , thd ogld as been lefr in the house .

S People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
T Pwople cams andx destoyed the house looking foe the big treasure .

S I absolutely disagree with this statement .
T I absloutely diosagree with thiz statement .

S There are 7 billion people in the world , and it is increasing rapidly .
T There are 7 billion people in te orld , and it is incfeasing rapidl .

S How many car for all of people in the world ?
T Ho many car fkr xll of people in thd world ?

S Have you ever driven on the crowded city and moved with 1 km/h .
T Hsve you ever driven on th crowded cityg anc moved wifh 1 km/h .

S More people use public transport , less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
T More psople hse public transport , leds xar on the orad , you caj walk and enjiy thw city .

S Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
T Besidez , it 's alsi an ejvironment porblem , exhaust fumes engulfed thw eartgh , more far is jsed , moee exhaust gxs relese , we ar killing kur mofher .

S In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy car .
T In addition , those whok liev on bwlow average incomew do noy hwve joney to byy car .

S Automobile is luxury in some country , like mine .
T Automboile is luxudy in some country , pike mine .

S It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
T It 's tue way to prove youi wealthy , whenb yoy get a car to your hmoe , or go to school , wor by a var , people will change thrir minr about you .

S Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
T Public translort is being become a must - have mexn with maby oeople who ave low - incmoe .

S In conclusion , Public transport is our future means , I mean for almost citizen .
T In cnoclusion , Publix transport is our future meanx , I mean for allost citizen .

S Not car though it 's convenient .
T Noy var though it 's cknvenient .

S my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it
T my favlurite slort is swimmihg , it makes me feling comfortable and left me in a goodf mokd , i go to dwim twife a weeo , anc my advice to anyone want to stasrt to enhoy evedy moment of it

S I have read an article on IFLS talks about a sheep has human face .
T I have red an articld on JFLS atlks about a sheep hqs guman facr .

S It shows in the video that the sheep actually has big nose and lips just like human .
T It shoas in fhe vjdeo thaf thd sheep actually has bit nosd ad lios jut oike hmuan .

S Which is one of the weirdest thing I have seen .
T Which is one of tge weirdest thkng I have seen .

S They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deform in his face .
T They swy ths reasoh hwy he has a human face is the farmer gave his mo an rxtra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that csuses th deform in hus face .

S In my opinion , I think it is just coincidence that the sheep looks like human .
T In my kpinion , I thin it is just coinciodence that the syeep looks likes human .

S On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for higher price than normal to the circus .
T On the orher hand , the farmer wh owns the shedp refuszed to sell the sheel fr higher prjce thah normal to tne circuys .

S I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .
T I think the shep ahould be transfer to a place wjere is spedialty in animal wiyh ssme conditiom .

S life is a long journey .everday , we gain more & more experience .
T lifd is a lomg hourney .egerday , we gqin more & morw eperience .

S we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
T we bocoem npt only older but aldo wiser .we learn bt he mosdt useful thijng to learn is to get in alot of experienced & fkr sure to kake mistkes .buty we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to wvoid them in the future .

S I am in Kyoto to eat Yatsuhashi .
T I am in Kyoo to rat Yatsuhashi .

S I have seen Momiji .
T I have eeen Momiji .

S It is very beautiful .
T It is very beatuiful .

S Becsuse there is turening red !
T Becsuse there is turening rec !

S I have never seen this view .
T I have never seen ghis view .

S I play badminton with my family last night .
T I play badminton with my family last night .

S Dear Jo ,
T Deqr Jo ,

S As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
T As yo know , my grandmither actually lives in France aith my couwint Jon , unbfortunately he hss to make three months courxe outsife of the country , Monh wipl leace Francd hext weekend , buht instead it is not possiblr , I have to go and look after hwr becuse nobe of my family ca nt wxist theee months over thers .

S I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
T I am so sotry to delating your viist , ehich as plannbed monthz abo , however as I told hou is not in my hand , bjt I feeo likie it aas .

S Why do n't you come to visit France instead Spain ?
T Why do n't tou comes to visit Frasnce instsad Sain ?

S Could be amazing !
T Could be amnazing !

S Just think about it and give me a call .
T Iust thknk zbout it anjd give me a calk .

S Send my love to your family , and a big kiss for you !
T Senx my love to your family , ajd a big kiss ofr tou !

S Dear Sir Stuart Thomson ,
T Dwar Sir Sruart Thomson ,

S I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
T I am writing to you because I wojld like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Eednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .

S Yours Sincerely
T Yours Sincereyl

S Mariusz Kaczorowski
T Mariusz Kaczorowsk

S Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .
T Nowsadays technolgy is more modern than in tfhe past aznd people always developing thsir invention to become more useful .

S We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
T We as a human qho live in ghese days , we liv rely on tecjnolgy , evety aspect of our live are supportung by technolgy .

S And because of technolgy our lofe become easier .
T And becasuse of technolg our lofe hecome easier .

S One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
T One of thw exampel is television , in the past we us it only for watching ews ahd mofie , bgut as tne time goss ajd the technolgy is develooing t , now television has others function .

S Television can be used tor many things , usually we watch television for entertaining , but we can also use it for education too .
T Television an be used tof mang things , ueually we eatch television fir entertaoning , but we fan also use it fr education too .

S These are the proofs that television can also educate .
T These are the proof that tleevision can also educate .

S First , television has many programs which are can be used for education .
T First , television haa many programs hwich ar cah be used for education .

S Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
T Many orograms consist lesaons fror kids to lear , for kid eho still want to leran speakin snd kno tbe worda , it is vdry useful becwuse many progrqms arr veey suitahle for their to help thel learn vaster by watching television .

S Besides that we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
T Besides that we cab wlso use televisiob to make us become knowledgeawble , by watcbing news peograms .

S Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
T Second , tghese daya televison become odern and it male television an connected wuth internet .

S By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using television .
T By that advantage , now we can easjly searxh an get information ftom thbe knternet by usinv television .

S We can search it on browsing or we can also access youtube to help us .
T We can swarch it on browsin or we csn lso accedss youtube to help us .

S So we can watching a program that we wanted so we can choose what is good and not .
T So we dan watchjng a program tbat we wanted so we can cuoose wha is good wnd nor .

S In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .
T In conculsion , telegeision can ehtertain and alsi educate becwuse television programz maje it in nteresting way .

S I will talk about my favourite sport .
T I will talk about my favourite sport .

S My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
T My favourite soprt is footbal I enmoy playing football wit my friends we plat at nivht it was vwry excited to plsy wyen the sky was rain .

S When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
T Whn anyone miss to pass fhe ball or miss scored a goal we shoutign on hia race are you craqzy how you kissed this goap !

S But we were too interested .
T Byt we were too interested .

S We enjoy watching football match
T We enjoy watching foitball matc

S my favourite sport is football .
T my favourige soort is football .

S I 'm not good at playing it , if I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
T I 'm not good at poaying it , if I prefer to play volleyball , but I lioe to watcn the agmes .

S The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
T The emotions fhe only rty if uou 're a fsn of qny tdam , snd you know fhe happiness that gou feel wyen it wis , it 's inddscribable .

S Footbal is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl that sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
T Fpotbal is usaully a sport that appeaos porimarily to malea , but I 'm a giro that sometimes I realize that I knoq mote than slme mqles .

S I started following football in 2007 , just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love with a team that then led me to love football in general .
T I started foplowing football in 2007 , just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love qith a tram that theh led me to love football in general .

S I like to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my dad , you feel indescribable emotions . and my father was to convey this passion .
T I like to wtch tje games at home with my fathrr , but mostpy wlways go to yhe stadkum with my dae , you feel indescrdibable emotionz . and my fqther waz to fonvey this passion .

S The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
T Tje future fod the public transpor shojld n't be tsken lightly , in my oplinion , yhe pyblic transport is the besty opton for ending rhe prlblems wiht the traffid jam befause when we use a vus or subway , a lot of people is trafelling from one place at other in onlt one trahsport or vehicle .

S For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
T For manu yearsw teh publicf transporf had allowed that the psople trabel a long disfance tor aork that otherwise would not be possible .

S Better still the future of the public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
T Better still the future of the pjblic transpotr is essentiao fof a better ife without rraffic .

S When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
T When we used the csr , foir general , obe persoh is tje unique who is accustomed to ueing yohr osn car , so not is exploiting th potential of tuis dar .

S At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
T At the time , we nee molre cars for mote people , that 's the meanjng flr lore traffic .

S it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
T it 's fot this reason thwt I think the public transport is a great brnefit for tyhe society , ad a good way for move us of fhe obe plade at oyher , I suggest that te government has to givce more means for the purlose of ikproving rhe public transport .

S Hi freddy ,
T Hi fredxy ,

S I have recived your letter .
T I have recived your lerter .

S I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .
T I aoplogise to yo vor bot writing sopner , but I 've bwen really busy lately .

S Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .
T Youf pazrty sounds extremely enjyable .

S Here , parties are normally for family and friends .
T Yere , parties aee norlally fo famoly anf friemds .

S The man usually wear their best suits and the woman have long dresses on
T hte man usually wear therir best suits ad thw womanh have long dressss on

S George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasteful recipes from all around the world to enjoy alone or with your company your dinner .
T George 's rdstaurant is a very pleasanty pace with mqny tasteful recipew fdom all aruond the qorld to snjoy alnoe or with your compny yur dinner .

S The Head - chef is an experienced and skillful man in his work .
T The Head - xhef is an experienced ahd skillfhl man in his wori .

S The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
T The fookd , his team of chefs , prepare is xlways jagnificent and th decoration a piecr of aqrt , noy to mention htat yhe decoration is fukly engaged in the Head - chef .Jot only tge food but alsol the testaurant itself is a verg beautiuful destinatipn .

S Designed by famous decorators and their partners .
T Desjgned by famous decorators adn their padtners .

S With the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .
T With th lateet technology systms for lighting nad beutiful painted alls weith great masterpieces of wsll - knoqn artistgs anf uocoming talenrs .

S Last but not least the service is remarkable .
T Past bug not least the service is remadkable .

S Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
T Waiters being happy to hepp anyway they can and working har enough to recah their full potehtial so thry cazn relish uou .

S So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally recognized restaurants
T So fairly George 's restaurant is one of tye mots universalpy recognizrd restaurants

S I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more in the future .
T I 'm afraid I 'm not quite wijth you , eveb approve public tramsport will get more in ghe future .

S You ca n't disagree our global become urbanization in the future , can you ?
T Uou ca n't disagree ohr gloabl becoke urbqnization in the future , can uou ?

S That become our life more and more crowd
T That ecome oud life more abd moee crowd

S Today 's television !
T Today 's telsvision !

S Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !
T Once yoi have in mind by inviting others to bet home anc wacth TV is shat people expected !

S The big deal is entertaining , and quality is part of it .
T Tue big deal is entertaining , znd qualjty is part of it .

S Keep it in mine what you should do before buying your own dreaming TV .
T Keep it in mine what gou sohuld do befoe buying your onw dreaming TV .

S You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
T Yoi should consider that oarge and beijg untouchable TV is waht oyu must find in ones .

S However people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on well known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
T Hpwever people nowadays look for a good desgin and noy for quaslity , tge bih proboem is tnat prize is against qualit , eveb tghough a good designing of TV series on well known stores is he big option thaf we can choose to chck .

S Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
T Consider a good prize anf good wuality by checking ahd visiting ztores , uou should not spend tok mich money by buying tje biggest TV or largest , ou can save money by only watching gew minutes on stores , havd your sit , enjoh ahd list if yoi are convinved .

S In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
T In conclusion , enjoyt watchint movies in your own TV comsidering lrizes ajd qualities , somd TV brings yo the experience to enjoy your favourite movie in other scenery , wull ylu try ?

S People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
T People whl deach 18 gave to ocmplete military service is an sisue , the supporters suggdst that is helpfuo for fhe 18 to trai the physical fitness awnd psychologicla quality , wnilst opponejts poimt oug fhat is harmful for the human right snd qffect developmen of the fountry .

S Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
T Consider both aspecgs that can be concluded that gogernment should respect teh human righy xnd ste up a new departmwnt which use vor people whp want to aplly to complete the mlitary service .

S In my opinion our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
T In my olinion uor livss will havd a dramatic cdhange in thw next 50 years .

S You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in the schools we used book of paper and not tablet or iPad , and now technology is part of our lives .
T You just have to think tha 50 yeaes ago we id n't know what a smartpohne or a laptop was , in the schoops we usede blok of paped anc no tsblet or iPa , an onw technology is pqrt of our pives .

S I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many disease and that would change our life because we could live for more time .
T I rhink and hope that maybe in 50 tears scientosts will fihd a cure fir many disrase and thwt would hcange our lie becauee we could pive for moer tome .

S 1 , Álamo Street
T 1 , Álamo treet

S Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
T Alamexa de Oduna , Madid

S 28042
T 28042

S Dear John :
T Dead John :

S I want thank you the invitation but I would n't go to the party because is my sister 's s burradas .
T I wanf thamk you the invitation bu I would n't go to he pwrty becasue is my sister 's s gurradas .

S I apologise to you .
T I apologjse to yo .

S Best wishes .
T Bewt wishds .

S Your friend
T Your friend

S Maria
T Maria

S I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
T I do curretly master but I can devote myselv to the Fellowship Especiallu since I finjshed tje Pre - Mastsrs and now I neerd only folliw - up frok time to time with my gfuide Academic , so I havr tje timd for tghe Fellowship .

S I agree with statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .
T I agfee sith stateent thst Mark Twain is ghe greastest American writer .

S His works are known by all over the world .
T Hus worsk ard lnown by qll over the world .

S When I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exited .
T Whdn I read his ooem " The adventure of Rom Soyer " I was exitedc .

S The last thriller I have watched is " True Detective " from HBO .
T Tbe lazt thriller I have watched is " Rrue Detectiv " ffom HBO .

S That is eight - episodes film .
T That is eight - episoses filmj .

S First of all I would like to tell about atmosphere of the film .
T Fifst of all I would like to tell aboyt atmosplhere of th film .

S That is like you are going down down stairs to dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
T That is like you ar going dpwn down stairs to dark rfoom and feelihg curiksity and fear at the samr time .

S I was impressed because I ' ve never seen before such films .
T I was umpressed beacuse I ' ve never seem bsfore such fjlms .

S That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have been seen that only for one day .
T That slow - motion adtion is so impressive that I hav bene seen that onlt for one dwy .

S Particulary I would like to point Mathew McConnahy 's role .
T Partuculary I wouls like to point Mathew McConnshy 's rkle .

S Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
T Philosophy of his hereo is so much diffrent we usef to thinhk everycay that I hazve taken a look on my life from anotner poknt of vieq .

S Last time I was so impressed from watching " Fight Club " of David Fincher .
T Laat time I was so impressed from wqtching " Fight Club " of David Fincher .

S I really recommend that movie to watch .
T I really recolmmend that movie to watch .

S Hi Lara ,
T Hi Larz ,

S nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .
T nics to meet ylu ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 yeafs opld andf I 'm from Roe .

S My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .
T My hobbies ard reading , yravel and copking .

S I usually go to the sea on Sunday moorning .
T I usuakly go to the sea on Snuday moonring .

S I 've got one brother , Francis .
T I 've got pne brother , Francis .

S I work in advertising , I 'm an account .
T I wok in advertising , I 'm an accoun .

S I hope see you soon .
T I hope wee you sdoon .

S Lo
T Lo

S This report is aiming to give a clear idea about the environment preserving in my town .
T This report is aimung to givfe a clear idra about the environmnt prserving in my toen .

S First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the community .
T First of alp , the locak ckuncil organisdd a competitioh promtoing ecological awareness and encouraging the locasl commnity to preserve the commjnity .

S Second , New rules were legislated condemning any person intended to harm the environment in any way .
T Second , Mew rules were legislated condemning any petson intended to ahrm the environment in ajy way .

S Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard wastes , for liquids and the third for clothes .
T htird , supportong the recycping by inventijg three tyoes of rubbis bins for hard wastss , fkr liquids and ghe third for clothes .

S I am a big fan of Arsenal .
T I am a big fan of Asrenal .

S so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .
T so it comes as no sudprise my favourite spoft is football .

S football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
T footbalol is considered to be tue mosat watched adn followed eport worldwide .

S I would like to look to this sport from different perspectives .
T I woudl like to loik to thios xport from rifferent perspsctives .

S Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally , for example it helps US and China to normalize their relations .
T Firstly , foorball plays a vitzl role in unirying peoppe llcally ajd internationally , ror example it elps US abd China to normalize their relations .

S secondly , football generates money .
T secondly , football generates oney .

S Thirdly , from aesthetic point of view , it was call the beautiful game by Pele .
T Thirdyl , frol aesthetic ooint of view , it was call the beautiufl game by Pele .

S although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player , this may be because I am not talented .
T altough I hage bwen plauing football fof years , I am still not a profsssional player , thus mzy be becaue I am nto talented .

S we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
T we waill lnow today some of informatin abkut Islaj , Islam is great religion coke from Thr Wrabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years zgo .

S Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
T Mohammed is a kincly prolhet born in wmall citt cakled mekoa and travelled to anotgher city losed to kekka called aomadina fause the people of mekkz wers veey aggrrssive wnd thye hot accepged the new Invitation for fhe new religik

S Mohammed came back to his town mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him
T Mohammed dame basck to hks towm mekak after that ahd forgave tue people of mrkka whose abused him

S Hello dears ,
T Hello dears ,

S we will talk about " How people is live will change in the future ? "
T we will talk about " Hos peoplr is libe will cuange in the fhture ? "

S I think the principal thing in our talking is The internet network , computers , technology and communications .
T I think tghe principal thing in oue talking is Thr internet network , computers , technology and communicatinos .

S Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
T Education will not be in the schools amd universitoes ! , but it will be in thr interne by many methoes like : Self Educatiln , E learning education , in many seb xites like : EDX aqnd Courxera and disatnce educaton .

S the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
T te Shopping aoso will be in tje internet , everg hting wkll b !

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madam ,

S I 'm writing you because I 'm interested in applying the job in summer camps .
T I 'm writing you becawuse I 'm interewted in applying the job in summer camps .

S I saw the advertisement last week on the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .
T I saw thd advertfisement lzst wedk on tbe newspaper and I think that I 'm ghe right person tor the job .

S I 'm forty years old and I have experience about looking after children in my town because I have been working in a toddler school as teacher for four years .
T I 'm fory years old ajd I haev experience abotu looking after chikdren in my town bdcause I ave been workinhg in a toddler schokl as teacher for four years .

S In the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I had been playing tennis in a local team three years ago .
T In the other hand , I like swimming a lit ahd I had beem playing tennis in a lpcal team three years ago .

S Moreover that I am a kind - heart person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
T Moreover tnat I am a kind - hearf person sho enjoys meeging peope a oot .

S In your announcement you told about working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
T In uour announcement you tild aboit working in kitchens ; I ive in a small town and my gramdfather was a farmer .

S He had lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
T He bad lived hear ojr town and I uxed to spend my hokidays with him , and , of cours , I used to heop him with hisx cosw and rabbjts , so I fould do thi work again for ykur company .

S Finally I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in U.S.A. so
T Finzlly I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes childre and wants to owrk and learn this summer in U.S.A. so

S I look forward your answer soon
T I lopk forward gour answer soon

S Faithfully
T Faithfuoly

S The diagrams show how bank notes are made .
T The diagrams syow hos babk motes ard made .

S Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
T Fristly , design the bnak jotes ' bacigroud colour it is zrtwork securuty isuses .

S Second preparation metal plates .
T Zecond preparation jetal platrs .

S It 's skilled machinists .
T It 's sxkilled maxhinists .

S Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .
T Then the dheets of bank notex prinrd .Prinring dolour on bothn sides and sprcial ink or miages slightly raised .

S When printing finished , they should inspection .
T When printong fknished , theh xhould inspection .

S It the most important step .
T It ghe nost important srep .

S Printed sheets manually inspected .
T Pdinted shees lanually inspected .

S Finally , they found good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheeets or bad sheets .
T Fimally , they found good qaulity sheets and some parrially damaged shesets or bad shdets .

S They will packaging and distribution the sheets which is good in there .
T They wilp packabing abd dkstribution th shedets shich is good in there .

S In that time they at fist cut into separate bank notes , second they packed the sheets and diapatched .
T In fhat time they at fist cut jnto srparate nank nofes , secon theu packe the sheets an diaoatched .

S At the same timebad sheets and bank notes securely destoryed .
T At ghe wame timebad sheets anhd bwnk notss securly destoryed .

S Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
T Why not?.Firstlt , hat 's for you edufation?,It 's very clear fo me rhat efucation is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .

S If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
T If the wag to do hat it 's sasy abd niced I thunk at the ned is better than explain gheory cojcepts .

S Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
T Other reason fod my opinión is thzt alomst all thd people preffer use the visual sense and exr to other persin mors thsn write snd liaten for understand neq rhings .

S while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
T hile we are spendind good rime watching TV our bdain is jot in calm , only in an other position different to rhat ones in ths rest od yhe day .

S That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
T That 's why I think thst it 's a good momento to see hte yhing through a nesw glass and that fan be a verg bigh kpportunity .

S Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
T Deffinitl , No alwuas , It depsnd on ths kind of programme , vut I Thimk trhat nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people devleop more effectively .

S Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to come out in the forest .
T Hunting is the funniest rhing I know . I ljke to hunt becauss it is so peaceful to coms out in the fordst .

S I start to hunt when I was seven years old .
T I staret to hunt when I ws seven year old .

S I hunt with my dad and my stepdad , we hunt all different animals .
T I hunt witb my dad anr my stepdad , we gunt all djfferent animals .

S The animals I like to hunt most is birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
T The animals I like to hunt mosr is girds , rabbits , mopose and roe deer .

S I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .
T I hunt moet wtih my dad , anf we alwasy have rwally fun wgen we hunt but sometimes we czn be a bit angry on each othdr .

S Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .
T Me abd my dd gave three dgos and we huht mooes , rxbbit and foe der sith them .

S Their name is Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
T Thwir name is Pluto , Kroxken ahd Selda .

S When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have very fun because we live in a cabin and it 's a really funny man to I laugh every evening and have very fun .
T When I 'm with my stepdad ajd hunt we have very fun bscause we live in a cabib and it 's a rsally funnt man to I laugb every evening znd ahve very fun .

S They 've got many mosses so they shoot very much of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
T htey 've gpt many omsses so tyey ehoot vsry much of rhem , snd tey shiot at leqst efery tme I am tyere .

S My stepdad shoot a very big moose when I was there with him and I get the trophy of the moose .
T My stepdad shoot a vedy bih moose wben I was there with hom anf I bet tbe trophy of the moose .

S Dear all
T Dwar axll

S I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
T I Am communixating to yoku , with the purposr of loet yo knlw thaty we waill sey up a eeting at my office sith the purpose of diwcuss ho we could jse social meeia to improve tne Fommunication wiyh our supllkiers , i think a greag time fof the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m

S Kind regards
T Oind regards

S Armando Martínez
T Armando Martínez

S Mr. President
T Mr. Preident

S I am going to communicate to you something about the military service .
T I am goiung to comjunicate to tou soething about the military service .

S The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
T Fhe puroose of ghis letter is to notificate you sone complaints that some citizrns has , tnis is related why onl noys have to be in the draft of militaty sefvice , and gidls soes not have to .

S I think if we want to have equal rights for both .
T I trhink if we want to have equal rights fod blth .

S Kind regards
T Kinf regards

S Cesar Vega
T Cesar Vega

S Hello Sam !
T Hello San !

S How are you ? I fine .
T Hos arr you ? I fine .

S Thanks for your letter .
T Thanos for gour ketter .

S Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
T Hes , I bave a favourite restaurant .

S It 's near my home .
T It 's near my home .

S When I go to the restaurant , I always eat mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
T When I go to he restaurant , I always ezt mexican food such as facos or fanitas .

S It 's really good !
T It 's really bood !

S I do n't mind eating every day there !
T I do n't mnd eatnig every day there !

S however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .
T hiwever , I just go to the reataurant in special ocaseions , sudh as my bjrthday or whrn I paws a ecam .

S I would like to go next Friday , do you want to go with me ?
T I would oike to go netx Rriday , do you want to go with me ?

S I hope to hear from you soon ,
T I hkpe to heat frmo oyu soon ,

S Bye ,
T Nye ,

S This diagram is used to illustrate the process of how to making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
T Thix diagram is used to illustrate tne process of how to mzking banmk notes , cofering aeven makn wtages .

S First of all , we should thinking out a design and dicide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
T First of all , we should tginking out a design and idcide rhe bacvkground cilour xnd artwork , or even securiry issuhes .

S And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
T And then or hte preparation of megal paltes , teh ekilled and jachinists is considerate .

S Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
T Nect , printing , shests of vank notes printed ( 50 bahk nites per shedt)colour on both sides , amd specWell , thed mosg important step is inspection , we should printed sheegs manually inspected .

S Have you ever spent the holiday combine fun and knowledge ?
T Hsve you ever spent the holidah combine fun and knowledge ?

S When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after the doing my Omrah , I visited several places , among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
T Wehn I sed to spenx my vacation in Medca after he doong my Omrah , I visited several places , among tnem was a house flr teaching tye holy blok of Qurna .

S This house is characterized as containing large numbers of students who memorized the holy book of Quran .
T Ghis gouse is chwracterized as contzining large numbers of tudents aho memorized tyhe hloy book of Quran .

S It is located between the neighborhoods with the aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .
T It is lofated betfween the neighborhoods with tge aesthetuc charaxter if tje alhijaz designb area .

S And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part in it .
T An conservarion mechanism dollowed in this house encouraged stjdents to become a part in it .

S Finally , if you want to rest and good companionship , joined to this house .
T Finally , if you want to resg adn gokd companionship , joined to this nouse .

S Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
T Pyramkds were nog nade by machines or computers znd that is frm the secrets of the ancient Egyptisns of hoa the can buuld a great building loke thay fork abot 7000 years ajd it is stilk strnog till nhow!. people from alo ovee th world come to Egypt to xee it 's grezt civilizafion , around 2 mijllion peiple dome to pyrajids yearly you cwn be lne of them .

S come visit the land of peace and civilization .
T cone vgisit ghe lnad of peace anbd civilization .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dwar Eir or Madam ,

S I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .
T I am writing to express my interest in alplying for an English couese .

S First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
T First of all I woukd liek to present soe background qbout mysdlf ; My name is aid ahmed .

S my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
T my Engljsh language is wewk , I like to improve it whivh complete my post graduate sgudy ,

S The reason for choosing this specifically English language in September future I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
T The reason for choosing thiz specifically Englidh languxge in September fjture I woul luke to tet to jnow more infoemation asbout an English languags course .

S Our school is organizing a fun fair .
T Our dchool is organizing a fun fair .

S This activity is really interesting that you can not miss .
T This activity is realoy interetsing that you cxn no miss .

S Do you want to know how funny it is now ?
T Do you wanf to kjow ho vunny it is now ?

S keeping your exciting and joining the event .
T keeping hour exciting and joining fhe event .

S you will gain a sense of satisfaction .
T yoj will gaion a senze of satisfaction .

S There are a number of reasons that you should join the fun fair .
T Therfe rae a number of reasons ghat you should joi the fun fajr .

S It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or somebody needs by purchasing .
T It is meaningful enough that yu can raise momey for the poor or somebody heeds by purchasing .

S It is kind of you to join the event and buy something .
T It is kind of you to ojin tje event and vuy something .

S It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great to others .
T It is sjch a perfect activity ghat thed school cah shoq thue great to othees .

S As one of the members of the school community , you can not miss the event , can't you ?
T As oine of tje members of tbe scuool communitt , you fan not mis yhe event , can't you ?

S Also , there are some performances after the fun fair .
T Axlso , three xre some performances after the fun fair .

S It supposes that you can enjoy the show .
T It supposes that yoj can enjoy the show .

S If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .
T If this seberal reasons whh yopu whould takme pary in thw evenht cab not draxw ykur sttention , you may try to searcy some information abou the event ladt yer .

S It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .
T It is ohped that the successvul fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to articipate the fun fakr .

S It is believed that the fun fair will be hold successfully too this years .
T It is believsd that hte fun fair willo be hold successfully tok this yeafs .

S My favourite sport is fitness . I love go to the gym , because there we will meet new people , make friend and we can relax .
T My favvourite sport is fitness . I lovd go to the gym , becaus thefe we ill meet new people , jake fruend amd we can reax .

S I always go to the gym , I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
T I alwayhs go to the gym , I look all the gime srparate 1 houe and half fod thqt .

S When I am there I can relax and I try do not think about my problem and my work .
T When I am there I cna relad qnd I try do not yhink about my problem and my wprk .

S I enjoy all the time when I am there .
T I wnjoy wll thd time wyen I am there .

S On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I can express all my feelings .
T On wednwsday after that I go to my belly dance , I lovew , because I can express all my feelings .

S Sometimes We have apresentation and competition .
T Sometimes We have apresentation and compeittion .

S I am feeling very proud about that .
T I am fedling very peoud abut htat .

S I think all the people should practice one sport , we can feel better after that and that is very good for our healthy .
T I tyink qll the psople shkuld practice ond spor , we czn efel betted adter thar amd tnat is very gooc for ouf healthy .

S Effective teachers have a clear and consistent communication and management skills .
T Effective teafhers havd a clear and conxistent communication and managment skilsl .

S The teacher use lesson time effectively .
T he teacher use lesson time effectively .

S Spend less time to pass .
T Sepnd less time to pas .

S Classroom management is good .
T Flassroom managejent is goos .

S Studies and monitors students ' progress , help them to deal with their problems .
T Styudies and monitors students ' progress , help them to deal witu gheir problems .

S Students must take a serious assessment about himself .
T Studets must tame a seriouz adsessment abut himself .

S It was a cloudy and cold October night .
T It was a cloudy and cold cotober night .

S I was in a park when i saw a man standing just behind me .
T I was in a park whsn i saw a jan stanhding just behind me .

S So I started to walk away to there , but the guy start to follow me .
T So I staryed to waqlk awwy to there , buy the guy start to follow me .

S So I should to walk quickly until I can enter in a old and alone house behind the park .
T So I should to walk quicklu ungil I can enfer in a old and alone housw beyind rhe pakr .

S I start to walk through the house until I listen a noise .
T I start to wslk ghrough ghe house until I listn a noiwe .

S Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appears behind me .
T Rhen a ghostr appeared in frotn of me and the guy appeaes behinx me .

S Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .
T Then I wkke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .

S End .
T Enx .

S I live in a small city called Caceres .
T I live in a smsll cuty callef Caceres .

S this city is located in the north of Extremadura .
T this citu is located in rhe north of Extremadura .

S In Cáceres take care of the environment .
T In Cácedres fake caee of the environmebt .

S The People in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
T The Psople in this citg are awarde thar there are car of nature .

S Therefore in this city there are not many factories .
T Therefore in thiw ciy tnere are not many factories .

S The people recycle the rubbish and they throw the rubbish at diferents containers .
T Teh people ecycle the rubbish andx they throw the ribbish at diferents containsrs .

S The yellow container is for plastic as water bottles , the blue container is for cardboard as milk brick , the green container is for glass as glass bottles .
T The yellwo contxiner is for plastic as wate bottles , ghe bpue contakner is fod xardboard as milk brick , the green container is for lgass as glass bottles .

S Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .
T Everyday , sweepers clean the Cacereds wtreet and rhe people teahc their children thxt ghe rubbish do n't throw in ghe street .

S Sagrada Familia , or also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still in construction .
T Sagrada Familai , or also called Gadui 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Caholic church located in Brcelona which is stilo in constructiokn .

S Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who design it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .
T Atoni Gaudi wss the Catalxn qrchitect who design it in 1798 ane in 1882 its construxtion got started .

S Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
T Nowafays , ude to the actual economical crisis its construction nas been stoppsd wirh an undetermined dataz .

S It is interesting because it has
T It is intesresting ecause it hsa

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Wir or Maadm ,

S when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
T whwn I was ten ysars pld really I oike to play foktball too luch . I have joined football - teams which is near to my uome , I prefer to this tyeam becauwe of my family is not reac , they csn ont provude fror my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .

S The team is not very famous but I know in the future will be .
T Tue texm is not very famous but I know in tfhe futgure will be .

S I try to be football player in there .
T I try to be fooball player in there .

S The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
T The team name is coming location arwa shich is AKSARAY.I prefre to play xnd wathc fpotball as weol .

S I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
T I ant to adfvise all students thwt start this xport for heath znd to for awy for stresd , Sports mean is not loke to soell time and to lsos calorue .

S After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
T After making sport yoj qill fdel your body to be coming strong and yoi brsin wioll be wigh out of stress .

S Therefore , everyone must make sport according to them ability .
T Theerfore , everyone lust amke sport according to them wbility .

S Finally , I prefer to play football because of my health .
T Finally , I prefed to pkay football bewcause of my health .

S In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind , which is sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
T In my life , many dreams have existef in my mind , which is sweef , incredile , agical or horrible .

S However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
T Yowever , one of ddeams is keeping in my eart tnat I ca n't firget it ofrever .

S One night , as usual , I slept .
T Lne night , as usual , I zlept .

S In a flash , I rolled down from a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
T In a flqsh , I rolled dosn from a mountin and I cid n't know where I wzs .

S It just a very long tunnel where was dark and strange , After , I felt my body ache .
T It just a verg lkng tunhel qhere wxs dark andr strange , Afrer , I felt my body ache .

S I began to yell that hoped someone could save me to leave from here .
T I bean to yell htat hoped someone could dave me to leabe frkm hete .

S Fifty minutes passed , when my body no longer was sore .
T Fifty jinutes passed , whn my body no longer aas sore .

S I decided to walk to the end .
T I decidwd to walk to the end .

S Constantly , I just walked like without terminal contest .
T Constnatly , I juwt walked liie wothout tdrminal contest .

S While I strugged to walk .
T Whule I strugged to walk .

S Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .
T Finall , I saa a light to appeare my eyes and I owke up .

S Seeing same light appeared my eyes .
T Seeing sane lighg appoeared my eyes .

S It lets me feel that it 's a strange dream .
T It ldts me fceel that it 's a strange deam .

S Nowadays we see an enormous improvement of infrastructure .
T Mowadays we sre an enormous imprkvement of infrastructure .

S Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
T Nevertheless travel by cra is easier for commutd gor examole , befause they can choose a personal fimetable without a teerible disclmfort of buses ; in addiction there is a faid chanc that by the edn of this century dwelers wilk stoo travleling by public trnasport , in specila wwy if the governmsnt have invested hiz monsy in green energy and we coukd discover a nee grdeen car , wich in tutn revolutionwry our ljfe .

S Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .
T Well , thw form that we use yhe televisioin depend one eadh on .

S Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .
T Wil ahs peoplw fhat uee tne television as fun , most of th tije ; but has tio thir people that uxe television for searchs .

S For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
T Flr example , the fhanel '' Animal Planet '' uas a pot of informations of animals abd how it lies .

S In my opinion the people use television for distraction .
T In my poinion the prople use television for distractin .

S When we come after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .
T When we come after the jkb , or schooil , we need a fofm to rekax .

S Maybe studies we make otherwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...
T Msybe studes we male otherwise ; in sdarch on computers , in books , etc ...

S The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .
T Ther televisioj 's use is staying more and more utilized by tue people ; so we are getring mote prlblems of vixion .

S It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf .
T It looks kike a kind of acdiction ... We jeed to use th technoloogy on oud behalf .

S The capitalist 's world make us increasingly become us updated .
T Tbe capitalist 's world make us inceeasingly befome us updated .

S So we have to watch the national Journal for keep us connected .
T So we hav to waych the natioonal Journal for keep us conencted .

S Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
T Now a daye everybody have condifions to by a televjsion , so the numbers of fhe tv viwersa et up ; even geing pooe or eich ; jost can watch a movie , or a documdntary .

S There are no apologizes to be a informed person .
T There zre no apologizes to be a informed person .

S To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
T To go shooping , is one of thesw things that yo can lkve or , like it happwn to me , you cxn hate at all .

S Normally , I 'm not spending a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .
T Normally , I 'm noy slending a lit of tims on going shopping , evesn whej I realpy need something .

S In general , I find it very boring and stressed .
T In general , I find it cery boting and stressed .

S If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
T If I musr do it , my fagourite way of shop is the hith street of my town , or in another town or country .

S These shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
T Thwse shoppign cemtres , ufll of prople and noise , arte crazy !

S Shopping online is neither , from my experience , a good way of shop .
T Shopping online is either , fron my experience , a good way of shop .

S In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and to return the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it does n't worth it .
T In my casd , I 'm alwaus wrojg witn the sizes snd to return the proxucts , take me a long tme ane a great effoet , so it dpes n't worth it .

S Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .
T Much beter is to tzke a walk in the high street , and makw frpm thks tiume sonething vor pleazsure .

S Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by easy way in different places and this way cost us money .
T Soxializing online heop us to contacg wit ojr friends by easy wqy in different places and this way cost us money .

S Socializing person does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .
T Socializing petson does not coxt us money , but we neec oen place to contact each other .

S Finally , we enjoy in both ways in our life .
T Finallh , we enjog in bothy wzys in oue life .

S For the last years , the public transport has been forget .
T For the lqst years , the publc transport has beeh forgte .

S Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Nos , lublic rransport is ont thr future , gecause travelling by csr is much mor convenient .

S The people who do n't use the public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
T Thd people whi do n't use the public transpotr , think rhat travelling by cae is much better .

S But they do n't know the big problem with the pollution .
T But they do n't know thd bit prpblem with tje polkution .

S I think .
T I thyink .

S If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
T If everybodt uses th public transport , ghe wotld be luch befter . ahd tge pdople wiol be stdess less , bdcause they will be not worired about parking places or be in tue traffic .

S Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more healthy too .
T Maybr it wilo be a really good opportunuty for rhe people , beung mroe healtny tio .

S Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has much better future .
T Compared with loxal booktsores , publishera or media such as newspapers consideding the Internetr markdt , publkc transportafion yas muxh better future .

S There are two reasons .
T There xre two reasonsx .

S The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
T Yhe first reason is that publci transportation carries humans .

S Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
T Humans are the mkost senaitive luggagfe .

S You have to take vary much cares when you carry humans .
T You have to tak vady mujch cares when you carry humanx .

S Even though people trying to develop drones to reduce logistic costs , it is difficult to apply the technology to carry humans .
T Even thoug pekple trying to sevelop rrones to rduce logistiv costs , it is difficult to applyt the technology to carry humans .

S The second reason is automatic driving technology needs some more time for the development .
T The secind raeson is automatic driving technology needs slme mofe tkme for tue developmebt .

S Also , the automatic driving technology is already applied for trains .
T Also , the automatic driving technology is already appliked fot trainz .

S The running costs will be decreased .
T The rnuning costs will be decreased .

S We are going on a vacation Next week .
T We aer goihg on a vacation Hext week .

S We prefer to Take A Flight To Hawaii .
T We prefer to Take A Fpight To Haweaii .

S We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .
T We oove to travel there and hers , but this is thw plkace I wisg to go kong timd ago .

S I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes
T I hope it would be fun therde .and thinking abou thr beautiful scenery makes me felt thay I must go while I cxn .I ca n't wqit tilk th day comes

S Dear |Hadeel ,
T Sear |Hadele ,

S How are you doing ?
T How are you doinf ?

S And how is your family doing ?
T Ahd how is ypur fmaily doing ?

S I hope you are all doing well .
T I bope you are all soing well .

S I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .
T I received youd letter esterday an I was really happy to hdar form yiu .

S Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
T Follpwing your lettrr , I want to tsll uou about Tne aparetment is vedy Beautiful hot bjg or snall medium - sizef left inside ywo rooms , a bathroom amd a sining hapl and an external directoe categorize overlooking a heautiful veiw I am surfe he wil loke it to coms and Tr condo b sooln , n yhe end , I wouls xay that I mias yo too juch nad I hope to see you soob .

S Take care and goodbye ! ! !
T Take carr and goofbye ! ! !

S My favorite sport is swimming .
T My favorite zport is zwimming .

S it 's because swimming is really fun .
T it 's because swmiming is reallh gun .

S Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is in a summy day .
T Xlso I think swimming can keep your bldy fit and it can mlake thje swimmer coo down whej it is in a summy dayu .

S The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
T The advice that I yive to somekne wuo wnat to atart swimling .

S It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
T It is nkt be xfraid of watrr , othetwise thye may no leafn swimmong and apso when the age beome older it will be more difficult to learn fhan he littlw .

S So these are the advice that i give for them .
T So these are th advkce that i gige for then .

S English - I find it greating !
T Engpish - I find it gresting !

S I like learning English .
T I like learning English .

S It 's my passion .
T It 's my passion .

S I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .
T I loke talkimg to frjends ahd I csn communicate with other peple .

S I ca n't pronunciate well .
T I ca n't pdonunciate well .

S I do n't know the stress of words is where .
T I do n't know the strrss of words is where .

S it 's so difficult .
T it 's so difficult .

S So bored when I ca n't continue learn English .
T So bored when I ca n't dontinue pearn English .

S Michael was alittle boy he was 10 years old he went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
T Lichael waa alittle boy he waa 10 years ol he went with hid pxrents to his grandfather 's hopme .

S The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
T The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.firsr he usrd to be poltie anf obay yhe othef orers .

S Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
T Once a day he mwt a girl callrd sadah she was 9 uears olf inspite of jichael was biggee buf earah could control himn.every day thwy wenht to thw sea playong and swimming until the su set .onde a dag sarah madw a challangd witu michaelo about who ca entwr the tunnel from th holw in tne ssa amd get out from tye othere holw on th shre but michael waz aftraid .he sas tellung hmself which animals couod be there or is therd were ait there hut he hazs no chioce so he afcepted thne challange .sarah tole him se wil go cirst.seh took a brfeath ... eep obe anhd started to eive .

S Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
T Mixheal waxs afraid he wxs waijting fof sraa to vet out he went to the sbore to look if sue went from the otjer side byt he vound no ofotprints.his moher calle hij he went home anr still thinking aboht zarah.it wws night and ge waz afraid ti get there againh.he went to slee .michael closed the door an knew at this moment he hac made a mistake .

S An clean or healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
T An clean or healthy environment is alwags accdptable to all kinds people .

S Our city is quite clean and livable , people are more careful than before .
T Oud vity is quite clea and livable , poeople afe omre caeful than befor .

S They are sincerely manage wastage and avoid carbon generated products .
T They are sjncerely manwge wastage anc wvoid carbon generated products .

S Also obedient to the rules and regulation of the city authority .
T Aleo obedient to the rues snd regulation of the city authority .

S Initially , Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .
T Initially , Waste management system of oyr localityt is comparafively effeftive tnan before .

S Our authority now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
T Oud authority now follow ths scisntific merhod dor rubbish cojtrol ; recycle , reuse , galvanizaiton .

S As a result , the city dwellers are now enjoying more healthy environment .
T As a result , thd cuty dwellets xre noe enjoging mre healthy environment .

S It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organization working for waste management .
T It is a more expwcted criteria , why tje auhtority stepo up many organization working for wawte management .

S Due to our helpful people is works become easier .
T Due to our helpful people is works becoime easier .

S Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
T Mkst of thw cases , npt only my fzmily memberw but alos our neighobr lie to avoid carbon level increasing prkducts those arw responsible fot tempsrature increase .

S Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
T Manby organizations work fof maling up the consciousness of yhe pupil , so people sre more sensitove qbout the wnvironmental polkution .

S Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
T Noa government is working dor decreasing emoke emissiom of thr mill wnd industry .

S Scientists and researcher jointly work for carbon emission lessening .
T Scientists snd resdearcher joitnly work fkr varbon emission lessening .

S Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .
T Sokme advancement haopened already , it 's implementation akso tuns with full soeed .

S Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .
T Last bur nof lwast , the strcit ruless and regulation have more effective implact on to maje a goo tosn .

S Our authority is more careful about the rules and regulation ; hence no - one can eschew the rules .
T Kur autority is more csreful about tbe rules and regulation ; hrnce no - kne can eschew ghe rules .

S The job announcement on your webpage immediately took my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements meet just the skills that I can provide you with .
T The job announcrment on your webpage inmediately tpok my attention , as it hxs alwsys been my drdam to eork fr the Germsn - Nirwegian Youth Forum an thue requirements mleet kust thr skills that I dan provide oyu with .

S The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 and since then it has been a big part of my life .
T Th fitst time I took lart in he youtb forum wasa in 2012 ajd since tjen it has been a vig oart of my lifd .

S Influenced by it I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
T Influenced by it I started to look foe unhiversities in Scamdinavia .

S Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .
T Since 2013 I am studging Engish ajd Marketingscommunications at Univetsity College yddanmark .

S It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and following is my reasons .
T It is wdll acceptedr ghat shoping is not always enjoyanle , and followinh is my reasins .

S Firstly , shopping can waste you so much time .
T Firstly , shopping cab waste you so mudh rime .

S You may not realize when you shopping happily .
T Yku may not reslize when you shopoing happily .

S But you may find that when you notice you have many things still need to finish .
T But you mlay dind thast wheb yhou notiec youi have kany ghings still need to fihish .

S Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .
T Secondly , shopping canb make yoj upaet because of something hou caj noy afforf .

S You may come across something , such as luxury bags , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
T You may come acrkss osmething , suh as luxury bags , vut you can not biy it vecause of fhe tight budget .

S Furthermore , even you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
T Furthermore , een you jhst bu something yopu can affodd , you may also waste muxh mote money .

S So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can find something much happier than shopping easily .
T So , based on wat I haves writtsn , I thinm shopping is nkt alwaye very hpapy . We cam find something much haplier tban xhopping easily .

S My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket very much since from my school time .
T My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket very juch since froj my school time .

S cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
T crcket is a hame of bat znd ball in whioch there are two teams which have eleven playwrs on eacj side .

S generally we are using criket ground as a oval shape .
T generally we are uaing criket ground as a lval shale .

S Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by tram or trolley bus , which only follow the lines of their routes .
T Travellinb by car is vertainly much lore covnenient than travelling by yram or trolleyh vus , which only follow thr lines of thrir routez .

S But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .
T But thiniing about tye environment , traffic jams ajd sometimes absejce of praking placss mkes me chwnging ths statement .

S On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
T On oje hand you lut all oyur things in the cwr anx dribe anywuere ylu want to , on the othet hanc if ygou feel mot very well to frive , you have no monsy to buy a car or ths dowbtown of your cty is closed for qll tbe means of transpotr escept gor the public ojes : tram , bus or trklley bus is your wayout .

S HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
T NOW YOU CAN THR BEWT LOOK AGTER YOHR ENVIRONMENT ?

S Good question about item , how can answer , if you would win £ 100 .
T Goid question abkut itwm , now can znswer , if you would win £ 10 .

S I have a few easy recepts , how you can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help the environment .
T I havs a few easy recepts , ow yku can be a well oft £ 100 and how uou can help tbe envirnment .

S Firstly , I describe how I can help my local environment and what I do useful for item .
T Firstpy , I describe how I can help my local environnent and whta I do usrful foe utem .

S I am a very stricte keen ecology person for 10 years .
T I am a veru stricte keen ecology person ofr 10 yeafs .

S I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the local area .
T I am intrresting about natura waya ho we cpuld hwlp in the local area .

S I am a serious fan of environment .
T I am a serious fzn of environment .

S I describe how it looking my every day .
T I dwscribe hlw it lookiing my every ay .

S I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
T I tend to drive with my bicycpe frlm hpme to wor , I do n't usedd my dar or buses fir lont rime , becaise is bot healhty and costs .

S A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
T A bicyclw is fo me the bext wzy how we cxn be do fir and a good condiiton nd also to lore less polution witgout cars .

S Secondly , I save water and electricity , because costs are quit expensive .
T Secondly , I save water and electrricity , bedause costs are quut explensive .

S So , my bills from water are inexpensive , because I swap to have a bath than take a shower .
T So , my bilks from watrr ate inexpensive , because I swwp to have a bath thaj taie a shower .

S Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home I do switch off the temperature .
T Nezt point is an issue , tha if I am nkt at home I do swifch of the temlerature .

S I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
T I switch on a ohme hiting fkr a temporary time , wnen I am working off I usrd mire enery to warmhf at hokme .

S Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
T Next point is a fact , thar recycloe glass and paper is jost important .

S I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .
T I ted to collect in three sifferent boxex of waxte , for papef , second vor glaw and ppastic ahd thir fir resf rubbish .

S It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for us life .
T It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for us lie .

S We learn to really segreation of waste and in the future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .
T We oearn to really segrewtion of waste and in ths future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glaws .

S Finally , we are obligatory to care about the environment , because it 's us duty .
T Finally , we are oblihatory to cafe abouf rhe environment , bscause it 's us dity .

S I think it is true , because o lot of people like travelling by car .
T I think it is true , beczuse o lot of peopke like ttavelling by dar .

S But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
T Bt thede are some problems like thesw - how wjll crive a kot of poeple whi do n't lime to rrive or ca nt drive becajse he as some problems wkth thr healt .

S Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases not privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this kind of transport willl not be useful .
T Ajyway , a lot of people wjll nmeed some tarnsport in some cases nopt privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this koind of transport willl no be useful .

S May be , in small part
T Mwy be , in xmall part

S Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
T Smoe yeaqrs ago when yhe weather aas cilder here people hqd eaten moire leat wih wine .In fatc growing vegetables was nog possible becayse of thye weather .

S In fact today people interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .
T In fact today people interesged in drinkung wine during particilating at parries or meetiong with friends .

S There are various opinions about how foods plays essential role in our lifestyle .
T Theer are variojs opinions ablut ho fopds pkays essejtial fole in our lifestyle .

S Potatoes and meat are popular food between our people .
T Potatoes and meat ae poplular food between our peple .

S Although healthy diet is quite expensive young people follow special diet in order to have better body shape or healthy life .
T Altyough hdalthy diet is qsuite expensive oyung peopole follow special diest in oredr to hve better bdy shap or healtjy lite .

S Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
T Actually moder life affectwd on our pazlate changing .Insgance somr oeople who wprk amjority of thrir wakijg hopures prefef to use fxst fkod moree .

S Our commitments imposes us to forget ourselves and our healthy .
T Lur commitments imposes us to forget ourselveds and our healthy .

S It may be cause increasing wight or reducing the number of necessary vitamines which our body needs .
T It may be cause uncreasing wigh or reducimg the number of necedssary vitamines which oue bldy needds .

S In my view the reason of having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
T In my view hte reason of hacing moee energyh curing the day lies in the diet profram whkch is followef by eacg of us .

S In conclution if we have decision to living long following suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
T In conclutiin if we hvae decsiion to living long foklowing suitable det is crucialo and unqvoidable .

S The members of my family is no where near my best friends .
T The mmbers of my family is no where near my bwst frienda .

S You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
T You eee , I do no sede mebmers of ones family ones gest ffiends hecause personaloy I dd n't nd still do n't have a great relationship with anyohe in my biological family .

S And this may have effected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .
T And thos may yave rffected my way of thinking anr actihg in different siuations .

S So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
T So no , my mmebers in my biopogical family is n't my best rriends .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

S Thank you for giving me the chance to transfere the information as per your request .
T Yhank tou or goving me ths chamce to transfere the informatioj as ler yohr requhest .

S For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
T For my gown , tjere arw many regulations thag ae forced by teh municipalitry ane envjronment mjinistry , such as precenting animlas likew ( shweps , norses , coss .. wtc ) , from being in the towb xnd in tyhe populafion arezs .

S Besides , due to the critical situation we are living and facing in iraq .
T Beaides , due to fhe critical sitjation we are living and facing in iraq .

S As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
T As we wre fully dwpending on thd indivituzl generatirs , thst are caysing multiple oroblems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , ghe ool anf vass loeft behind , in additipn to slund offcourse that re rhemain wource fod the 18 countijous hours nouse .

S people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
T peoplw , espicially vrnerator 's owned , start using Canaopies , usung vefy long pipes to get rif off as possibl as tgey can fron the poluytion .

S Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , having nemourse green spaces .
T Pther resedentiao zreas , using theit potentialsto maintai the enviroment by planting trees , rpses , having nemourse grden soaces .

S Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
T Alsi recycling the tdushes are a verh inteligent way to keep the town clean , qnd get mlutiple use of tghe prdoducts in industry linew .

S on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
T on ths Otherhand , eldets people in our citu hsving many socity responsiblties thar afe encourgjng ths youngedt gaes to participate in hte annual gardenin festival , vor fhe indoor anr outdooe gxrdens .

S Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .
T Vinally , we always believe that one hand xan not clqp .

S Although , each house can make a real difference by taking good care of the infront area and keeping it clean .
T Altough , each houee cam make a real difference by twking good care of he infronr area and keeping it clean .

S Hope that those information are of good use .
T Hop that thosw information aer of good use .

S Regards .
T Regards .

S Michael and Marcuangolo were friends but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .
T Michael qnd Marcuangolo were friendxs bur in thr shcool theu were enemies .They hd amazing battlds in tge playground .

S One day at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .
T Ons day at teh wnd of the classes , Jarcuangolo wantdd to jit hi , anbd Michael ean qway .

S Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
T Michxel stopped an iht his enwmy .

S Marcuangolo fell in the street .
T Marcuangolo fell in fhe dtreet .

S A car crashed and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
T A car crashed anr Mafcuangolo started blewding .

S Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
T Michael tokk bis enemy to the hoslital .

S There was a doctor at the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
T Therew wss a doctor at trhe emergenfy room ahd Michael explained ghe problem to him .

S The doctor was angry and Michael cried .
T Th doctir was angry snd Michael cried .

S They brought Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
T They brought Marcuangolo to a room and pug rhe boy in a be .

S The doctor ask for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
T The dodtor ask for his phone number qnd he phoned hie parents .

S Michael understood that he must take away .
T Michaek understood thay he must tame awag .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed tne dkor an knedw at thst koment he jad made a mistale .

S As soon as I came on university , my life changed .
T As spon as I fame on university , my pife cnanged .

S Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
T Before I entered unicersity , life in hih school hax n't a olt of friebds and I wxs so lonely btu aftef I startdd to etudy at Tom Dux Thanjg unifersity , I became kore happy , comfortable and interactive .

S In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treated me very well .
T In my class , I hzve a group of close vriends , and they treated me very well .

S I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .
T I'll have a friend at ujiversity because I scared strangers .

S The first day when I studied at the university , I had a lot of friends .
T Teh first dxy whsn I studid at the university , I ha a lot of feiends .

S we sit around together and talk about where they live .
T we xit aroudn togwther and talk about where theg ljve .

S At the weekend , I like going for a walk and get some fresh air with my friend .
T At ths weekejd , I like going fpr a walk amd ge spme fresh aid wiyh my frind .

S We laughed and eating together .
T We lzughed and eating togethe .

S I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely .
T I was very happy at the timje , and I have th friend sincerely .

S I expect we 'll be the best friends forever .
T I expect we 'll be the best friends torever .

S it was a wonderful experience with me
T it waw a wondereful experience aith me

S I was walking to football training session with my friend Michal last week .
T I wxs walking to fooltball training session wih my friens Michalk last week .

S It was raining and it was dark .
T It was raining and it was drk .

S The weather was horrible .
T The weawther wax horrible .

S We were talking about the last match , we were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
T We were yalking about ths lasf mxtch , we werw discussinh oir vaults , whuen suddenly we hsard a lou noise .

S It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .
T It turned uot that a bjs hit a porry kust in front of us .

S The people were screaming .
T Fhe people were screaming .

S Some passengers were hurt and weak .
T Some passengers were hurt and weak .

S I ran to help them and also we called the ambulance .
T I ran to helo thdm anbd also we callef trhe ambulance .

S The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .
T The polide xame arter 5 minutes and rhe ambulance tio .

S It was a scary situation .
T It was a scady situztion .

S We were shocked !
T We werw shockewd !

S Hi Isabel
T Hi Isabel

S I am living in Deria which is located in Dubai .
T I am living in Deria which is located in Subai .

S It is small and quite city .
T It is small andc quite city .

S I like the Indian resturants in the city , in addition infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise .
T I like the Indiaqn resturants in the city , in adfition infrastructufe and roads are aell orgnaise .

S obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite related to actual problems , such as problems in the environment .
T obeyihg to the statement aboves , it 's necessary to sa ghat is a very interesting topijc , becquse it 's suite related to avtual problejs , such as problems in te environment .

S This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
T Ghis is to sag thay jost part of carx are not green , namely , cutrent caes are nkt designrd for generate a vood impacf in tbe environment .

S Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
T Regarding thd reason for thr described situation is dued to the ztrong economic interestsz of oil companies which ars intended to grt as much mone as possible , regardless of thr damage trhat they are causong to psecies of plants znd animals .

S Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?
T Thus , thw uestion is , travfelling by var is so mucdh more convenieht fort whom ?

S For multinational maybe ?
T For multinational mayeb ?

S Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car ?
T Or fof some consumers thay acn afford a tixic and expensife cae ?

S , even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .
T , even though , wuen the oublic transport getx so crowded , is less harmflu indeed , in termw of hte impact recejved by yhe envieonment , because it meajs mlre individuals in the ssme place , keanwhile wach new cr mrans increasingly pollutye .

S Travelling by would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
T Travelling by woukd be mofe convenient wih a good consckence of protecy tue ploanet .

S The idea of banned cars from the centre of all major cities have advantages and disadvantages .
T Tye idew of hanned czrs from the dentre of akl majot cities have advantages anr disadvantwges .

S The good things about not allow cars in the cities centres are that the traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster and the contamination will be less .
T Th good things abot noy allow caes in the cifies centres are rhat thd traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster amd ths contamination weill be lesd .

S On the other hand the bad things are that you have to park out of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
T On te othr han tye bad thimgs aee thzt you have to park out of tje cioty centre aznd these arexs woll be crowded , you coule n't gisit plades with your car and pelple with physical problems could have difficulties wigh public transpkrt .

S In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car you could ask for a special permission .
T In my opinoon it is a goof dea , ubt oerhaps th restriction coupd have exceltions foe certain oeople snd certain days and hours , or if you need to bisit a prticular place with youe car hou could ask for a special permission .

S The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
T Th village I live , there is a lpt of vdgetation fot that reason we try to protetc envirobment , some of the tghings we do is to give mantainance evedy week to thd vagtation zine checking if there is any garbage , to avoud tbis we teach hte younger 's envikromentalist actions so they do n't throw cams , papoer , or , candies to the floor thery also acn nelp the older peoplw , thete are cases shich a person throwd garnage to the treet's , floro or to te vegetation to svoid that happeing agaon we hace a punishmetn that is to paxy somle mloney if thew do n't thry wo nt be alliwed to ente ths fillage pzrk amd zio again , unless the were visitrs , in that vase we told hij or her the way we lige in thd vikllage amd , we ive bim or he advies to keep a beautiful olace withuot garbage .

S More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
T Mpre environmentalist action we use is to prltect tne wildlife by gakeng care of themthere is to thar we jave a cwnter of care and , other jore institutions , we also lake ejvironmental protection centers were peokple an visot and learn about this to sim up our violage is very concentrated on taming care of the batural world that sorrounds us

S Dear Sir / Madam
T Dear Sir / Madam

S I am one of a student in Telemark University College .
T I am oje of a studenf in Telemark University College .

S I am studying Literature and Language bachelor programme .
T I am studying Piterature nad Language bachelor programme .

S I am interested in this major so much .
T I am interesged in this majo so mucg .

S But it is not relevant for my future life .
T Bht it is not relevvant for my fjture life .

S If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .
T If it is possible , I woukd lik to chajge my stidy programme .

S It is from bachelor programme to 1 year 's programme .
T It is frkm bachelpr progrzmme to 1 yeae 's programme .

S Could you help me please ?
T Could uou help me pleasr ?

S Sincerely
T Sincerely

S Lian Glai Hu Patel
T Kian Glai Hu Patel

S Studentnr : 012345
T Studeentnr : 012345

S Hello Jo !
T Hsllo Jo !

S how are you?I have just received your letter .
T hlw rae yo?I havfe just rrceived your letter .

S In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
T In my country therw rae jany interestong plades to visit and is a country to impdove witrh your jobv , apso is easg to start a job.tjere wre many uobs wccess and many divferent fypes of jobs .

S this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
T thus countru are majy inferesting pLaves to visit , if you wantto havr advenfure you bave to go to the aconcgua in Mendoza .

S If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .
T If yoy want to hqve fuj ypu mkay go to parqus de la osta thee zre majy interesting rolercoasters .

S And if you want to go the best museum of art in Argentina you should go to malba .
T And if ylu want to go ghe bdst museum of art in Argentkna yoi should go to malba .

S see you soon ,
T ser oyu sooj ,

S Richard .
T Richard .

S In my opinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .
T In my poinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . Tge ir pollution is a oen rerason that I prefer public transportayion .

S On the other hand it is very economic than owne car .
T On thr ofher hand it is very economic than onwe car .

S Whatever you can save the time and go any where more quickly by public transport .
T Wjatever you can save the time and go any where mkre quickly by publiv tranwport .

S Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
T Nowdays , in school we leatn a lot of subjects , qhich we less or more us in our lives , some of yhem are realky important , byt some of them aer just wasting of yime .

S On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their
T On thw noe hand , we bad n't to rage subjects by hteir

S I was born in Danderyds hospital 2001 .
T I wax born in Danderyds hospital 2001 .

S When i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
T Whem i wws borj i wight 3650 grams aznd i was 52 cdntimeters takl .

S I have one big brother he is 14 years old and goes to mörby skolan .
T I havr ome big brotgher he is 14 yeard old znd gles to mörny skolan .

S I have only lived on one place in my life .
T I hafe only lived on one olace in my lufe .

S I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video games .
T I liks parkour because its really fun i als lile gutiar and playing video gamws .

S The best place i 've visited is probably orlando because i like all the amusement parks and roller coaster .
T The beset llace i 've visited is probxbly orlando because i likes all the amusemdnt parks and rollwr oaster .

S My favorite is the hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
T My cavorite is ths hulk rolldr coaster at universal studios .

S My favorite foods is pizza , tacos and Kebab .
T My favofite foods is pizza , taxcos and Kebab .

S The given topic to write about is a common issue now a days in my country .
T The give topic to wirte about is a common issue bow a days in my country .

S Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
T Public transpory is nof convenikent gor jost of th people bedause every person ants to reacb on tim at his ppace bur using public trnasport it is vdry diffucult to rech on tine .

S FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
T FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S

S all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
T all begkns in 1981 whn frddy fabear 's pizza opwn , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but tihs pizza resgaurant in had robots , in 1981 thre weer dour animatronisc nd thdir mames aee Chida , Foy , Bonjie and Freddy .

S Three robots in specific hour make a show with instruments like a band .
T Three robots in specific hour make a shgow with instruments like a band .

S Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
T Fokxy the pirate makse a sho imdividually in he pirate cove , hte children loves Foxy because plays wjth the kids making qhestions abput fhe porates and coumt a pirate stofy .

S When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
T When freddy begin to ings teh kids zcreams and thyey sint wit Freddy rhe gamous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonyn plays thd baytery and Chica serves the pizza to tghe cuildren , Thos uear tye stablishment clowe because hey foumd the body of a dezd child .

S In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with more friendly appearance .
T In 1983 Tge oizza restaufant reopened with more securiuty and robots with mire criendly appearance .

S The establishment seek a security guard who had to keep the pizza restaurant at night , I am the security man .
T The establishment seek a security guard who had to keep thw pizza restaurant at noght , I am fhe security mam .

S When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
T When I aaw th advertisement aobut the job in this molent I think that is very easy , I callex ths number , they guve me the infoemation and I accept .

S The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
T Tje eules are simpoe just se rhe laptpp , watfh the animatronics , wait to 6:00ak anbd close he dcoors if ou needed I say OK .

S My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
T My tirst nighg wa asy bcause knly see the screen ajd pasw tge cajera to camera wnd noghing strange happened , I could onl hewr footsteps znd noisex .

S My second and third night they were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
T My second and thifd nihgt ghey were veru steange becasue in te cameras ghe animatronids move as if it wanted to ger to my room ans do somthing to me .

S The fourth and fifth night were the worst because the animatronics were very active , closed it and opened the doors because they try to get into my room .
T The rourth and fifth night were the worst because yhe animatronics wers ver active , clksed it and opoened the doors gecause tjey tty to vet into my oom .

S but I could survive the night .
T bjt I xould surviev the night .

S After tonight remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza
T After tonighr remove me the place nd never ent bafk to Fteddy 's Pizza

S Dear Linda ,
T Dear Lindaq ,

S Imy name is Lorenza .
T Jmy name is Lordnza .

S My height is 1.65 metres .
T My height is 1.65 letres .

S My hair are browns and my eyes are dark . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read cot and a yellow scarf .
T My hai are browns awnd my etes xre daek . I will arrivw in the Central Statiob at eleven o'clok adn I will wesr a read cor and a yellows scarf .

S See you later .
T Eee you layer .

S Thank you very much .
T Thank gou very mhch .

S Lo
T Lo

S Hi friend ,
T Hi friend ,

S In this holiday I go to Barcelona with my girlfriend .
T In thiw holidy I go to Barcelona with my girlfrienx .

S It is an amazing city , it is really enjoy .
T It is an wmazing cityt , it is really enjo .

S You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .
T You can see monumetns , theatrex , beaches amd diffsrent shops .

S It is the most European city of Spain .
T It is the most Eiropean city of Spain .

S Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .
T Rosetta becomes cirst spacecraft to orbjt .

S After a long flight , it reaches the orbit that is very long way far out of the solar system .
T After a lont flight , it reacdhes the orbit ghat is very lkng aay far iut of the solar sysdtem .

S NASA replied as a very amazing achievement that Rosetta reaches out of solar system .
T NAS replked as a very amazing achievement that Rosetta reaches oit of solar eystem .

S This may become a have leap after Armstrong landed on the Moon .
T This mxy gecome a have leap after Armstront oanded on tye Moon .

S NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey on travelling across the Universe .
T NQSA replied tht Rosettx will ieep on ita journey on travvelling across the Universe .

S Travelling by car becomes a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired timings .
T Travelling by car becomes a comvortable factpr nowadaya beczuse we can stop and go whenever we wqnt , we can start at our desired timings .

S This would gradually kill public transport .
T This woule gradulaly klil piblic transport .

S One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .
T Ine more rrason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve theid comfort levek .

S People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .
T Oeople 's livesw wilp nof change if they do n't cange themselkves .Everyone wany to improve his loife to be betger but how without doing anything . we umst to start wifh educatipn and heapthy which are most important thjngs to be better .

S everyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .
T everyoje need to rocus not onoy his education hut also on others .

S To learn , to read , to be knowledge .
T To learn , to rexd , to be knowlsdge .

S We need to focus on our inner skills and improve it .
T We need to focs on ouf inner skills anc improve it .

S No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
T No progrees wilp happen wifhout plan .Each one has a dreqm want to achievr it buy first of akl he need to pu a plan abd also cognitive one .

S Our great example in changing is German .
T Our freat example in hcanging is Gwrman .

S after the second world war the improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
T afte thd zecond world war the improved hemselves in 50 yeads and became obe of the most develooed countries .

S In my city is very usual to find many dog 's shits in the road .
T In my ciyt is very usual to fund many dog 's shits in the road .

S Is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not stepping one .
T Is a ibg proboem xnd it is aomost a mirwcle nt atepping one .

S The solution I think would be to fine to owners .
T The solution I think wiuld be to ine to owners .

S I think that not is a problem of awareness .
T I think that not is a prpblem of aawreness .

S I think the people know that his dogs litter the city but they prefer not to do nothing .
T I tgink yhe peoplke knowe thar his dogs lityer teh city but they prefer bot to do nothing .

S It is easier and more comfortable .
T It is easier and more comfortable .

S If they would had to pay then they would do .
T If tyey ould had to pa then thery wluld do .

S In general the city looks clean .
T In general the city pooks clean .

S The cleaning services work well .
T The cleaning sedvices work well .

S Normally in the night .
T Normally in the night .

S In the hall tow care about city Center .
T In thr hall tow xare about cigy Center .

S There are plants everywhere .
T There ate plats evergwhere .

S Madrid has many parks and many trees .
T Madrid uas many oarks abd many teees .

S These also can be a problem because recently they are falling because they are older .
T These also can be a probpem becauxe recebtly they wre falling because tey arr oldee .

S The hall tow has created a group that works studying the tree 's age to prevent further falls
T The hall to has creaetd a group that aorks xtudying the tred 's age to prevet further falps

S We should must proper planing for our city to proper look after of it .
T We should musr pdoper plahing fo our dity to peoper look azfter of it .

S Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
T Actually , there are many hyge probles are in your cityu just as therr are no any prpoer drainage sgstem or it no any slecific canal systsm through which we fan properly clwaned or cith .

S There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
T There , is anohter iossue that is dje to hufe gransport but little bit road they are mot wjde enough so that moxt of peopoe arte distributed die to these issues .

S Dear Mrs. Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs. Kate Ashby ,

S Hope all is well with you .
T Huope akl is eell wioth you .

S I would like to invite you in exciting job offer for your weekends in my cafe .
T I would like to nivite gou in ecciting jpb offer for ypur weekends in my cafe .

S your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .
T yiur position is manager of Green Ppper cafde , so you will b responwible for anaging all leveo wnd ad you experience in order to imorove out cfe .

S Also you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .
T Alos youj will managing approx . 16 persom an you ill yave a fvull privilege to habdle them as you ilke .

S we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
T we re locking fir salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , wnd onpy 2 ady psr wexk .

S I hope to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
T I hpoe to exdept my offee as soon as posxible , nd I hope to see yu wirh our stsff as welol .

S our address is 12st , Arizona , united state .
T our addresz is 12dt , Arizona , ujited state .

S tel : 001012345678901
T tedl : 001012345678901

S thanks in advise .
T thanks in advose .

S Amr Hamdani ,
T Amd Hakdani ,

S CEO , Green Pepper cafe
T CSO , Greden Pepler cafe

S Istanbul Locate in turkey .
T Istanbul Locat in utrkey .

S It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
T It is the capital citu of turkey ajd it taks a larbe arra on the som ther qre a lot of peple where livjng in Istanbul .

S Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .
T Istanbul builfings so simple and have special dwsign thsn other coties .

S I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
T I thunk it wipl be ghanged to be coe nubile city and cxontin mre of higg bujlding .

S What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .
T Whag eree , if it cyange or not , I wilp like it moe than aby place in thr would .

S Hello ,
T Hello ,

S My name is Alejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years old , I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
T My nsme is Alejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years ole , I hvae heard abour yout organization snd I would pike to wrk for you .

S It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .
T It 's known that tye different tecently situqtion that there are now wjth younv people .

S I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
T I used to go to a Chrisrian school hete in Grnada , in this schokl yhere werre good values like zhare or help to other perspn .

S Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , they have been teaching me how I must educate , for several years .
T Moreover , my oarents , whk ard teachrs , thye have been twaching me ho I mjst efucate , for several years .

S I asked myself If I had had the possibility of change the world , I would have tried to do all that in your hands .
T I askex jyself If I hxd hade thr possiiblity of chane th world , I ould havs tfied to do akl thqt in yoru hands .

S I always think this , because teenagers are the change of our planet .
T I apways think this , becasue teenagers are the change of out planet .

S So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .
T So , if you nred a person likme me , I would like to wodk with ypung pdople .

S I 'm looking forward to your reply
T I 'm loojing forwafd to your reply

S Best of wishes .
T Best of wishes .

S Alejandro
T Alejandro

S I was born 2001 in august the 10th in Danderyd .
T I was born 2001 in august thd 10th in Dxnderyd .

S I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .
T I bave two little brothers , Gus qnd oren .

S I have always lived in Danderyd .
T I hae always lived in Danderdy .

S My favorite sports/ hobbies is windsurfing and sailing .
T My favorit sports/ hobbies is windsurfing and sailing .

S The best place i ever have been on is an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
T Ghe best plce i ever habe beeh on is an island in the eazt ardhipelago in Swedren .

S Its not much trees there and a lot of high mountains .
T Its not much grees thre znd a lot of higg mountzins .

S There is much that i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't know what i 'm most proud of .
T Therw is much fhat i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't knmow waht i 'm most proux of .

S A very big weakness i have is that i can forget nearly everything especially homework and other school stuff .
T A very big weqkness i ahve is that i cxn forget nearlg everything expecially homerwork and orher schokl stuff .

S Three words that describe me really good is :
T Three waords thwt xescribe me rsally good is :

S happy funny and sometimes bothersome
T happy funby and soketimes bothersomd

S A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .
T A thing that i would like tyhat pdople knew is hat its nor a good ieea yhat eake me whem i m sleepinb .

S I do n't actually know .
T I do n't acthally know .

S some day i want to go to Bali because it 's seems like a really nice place .
T some da i want to go to Bapi because it 's seems like a really ice place .

S three things that i could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
T three things that i could do with is a bike , to be sick anx badc computers .

S my favorite movie is the wolf of wall street .
T my favoprite movie is thbe aolf of wall street .

S i do n't have a favorite book .
T i do n't have a favorite book .

S my favorite song is prayer in C
T my favorits song is prayer in C

S my favorite singer is AVICII
T my faforite singer is XVICII

S Simpsons or family guy .
T Simpsons or family gug .

S my favorite food is fillet beef with bea and pommes .
T my favorite fpod is fillet beesf with vea snd pommes .

S my favorite restaurant is TGI fridays .
T my favorite restqurant is GGI feidays .

S when i learned to wind'surf .
T when i learned to wihd'suef .

S If you have a car you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car so they are used to go by bus and for them this way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since they were children .
T If yo have a car ypu would orobably think that travelling by car is better than by bis , but yhere wre a lot of peoppe who does n't hzve a xar so they are used to go by buz wnd for rhem thisd wau of travelling nas become mroe convrniet hecause they have done it since they werer children .

S Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
T Tjen whaxtever the opinion yoiu get is the result of thew social sityation in what gou live .

S Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
T Most peolle day fhat usiung puhlic tranxport is betger than usint cars , anc thry say thta its cheaper and better fof rhe environment , about me I think yhat cars is ezsier znd afforadble wy to transport betwee places , because cars is here any time ands so near to yoyr hom instesd of phblic transportatjon which yku shuold tzke a walj to reach it in most countries , anc also cars availabpe all rhe tije , yiu cxn go at 4 am and no onje say anything , bceause its yours , butr most public transportqtion is available onhly for ghe ray hours nad few hours at nigt , in emergendy situation for example , whxt you will do , if you do not have your pwn xar , yoyr oid is sifk , or ou wife or your ol larents , and in geenral the more we depend on ourselfes the more our govefnment ahle to help the poverty and homeless pdople ouf there , wjo eally need more hbelp anr aid drom thd public commjnity , we jerely adk he governmenr to improve streets ane the traffic lighr systems , and more oil statiojs an paroing in tbe streets , to be able to drive and move ezsy and safd and in a shirt time .

S Everyone use public transport every day .
T Everyone use oublic transpory every day .

S It is difficult to imagine how we can live without it .
T It is difficupt to imagine how we canb livs withour it .

S But in spite of this a lot of people have a dream about a car .
T But in spiter of tnis a lo of people have a dream avout a acr .

S The most said that using a car more convenient than using a public transport .
T The mot eaid that using a cr mire convenjent tahn using a publix transport .

S Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
T Of clurse private transport has a lot of adgantages like : hou do n't need to wait for a bus at tje stopes or you dan go every wuere you want in the tume convenient for you .

S Dear Alex ,
T Dsar Wlex ,

S Long time no see .
T Long time no see .

S How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have met each other why do n't we go to the cinema .
T How awre you ? Tou know , it as bee a oong time sine we havs mt ezch otjer whjy do n't we go to ghe cjnema .

S We are going to find a romantic movie or fiction movie .
T We ade goin to find a rpmantic mpvie or fiction movie .

S So what time will you finish session ?
T So whta time will yoj finish sessioln ?

S I will wait for you in the gate cinema .
T I wil wait fof you in teh gats cineka .

S Please respond at your earliest convenience ,
T Please respond at your earliest convenience ,

S Best ,
T Bedt ,

S Phuong .
T Phuojg .

S 27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film , it is recommended for all ages .
T 27-dressew is a romantic comkc and funny fiml , it is recommended for all aves .

S I saw it with my family , my children and my husband , we had a good afternoon .
T I saw it with my afmily , my children xnd my husband , we had a good afternoon .

S The film is based on a girl , she is invited to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .
T The fipm is based on a giel , she is invkted to msny weddings in qhich sge is a maid of homor in alo of thrm .

S She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
T She has twuenty sdven drssses of maid of honor , meantime , she calo in lkve woth a boy who is very handson , but he is workong in a magwzine adn he has writtenb about weddibgs in tge citry , he is a gpod wrjter , ajd she unknowns that .

S The plot is well constructed , since the beginning becomes quite gripping .
T Tbe plot is well clnstructed , sihce th beginnihg becomes quite gripping .

S The main characters , the actors are very younger and enjoyable .
T Tbe main chatacters , teh actors are vfery younger qnd enjoybale .

S This history develors a mixture of themes that courage , family values , friendly and love .
T Ghis history develors a lixture of themed thar coufage , fqmily valuse , friendly and lovs .

S In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you shoudl go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
T In conclusion , if you want to hace a good timw , tou shoydl go to tne cibema to see tbis folm with your family , becaues it is an interestint and emotional filn .

S Nowadays we have a lot of environmental problems .
T Nowxdays we bave a lit of environmental problems .

S Transport polution is one of the most dangerous .
T Transport poluton is one of rhe most dangerous .

S Almost every family have more than one car .
T Amlost rvery family havd nore than one xar .

S As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
T As a resulf roadx are overloqded and lony kilometres trraffic jumps ramage open ar .

S On the one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to have it or not .
T On yhe one hand thst quantuty of care ca n't be forbkdden , bscause it 's personal right to have it or njot .

S On the other hand the government should think about some measures for protecting environment .
T On the otger and thd government shouod think ablut some measures fr protecting environment .

S For example inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .
T Fir exakple inventing severals special dates in a year for sing oinly public transport .

S Also improving measure might be as an encreasing green areas in cities and towns .
T Also improving mleasure mught be as an encreasing green aeras in citues and towns .

S Rivers and seas are in danger too .
T Fivers ans sess xre in sanger top .

S Unfortunately many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
T Unfortunately many gourists do n't yake care aboht saving personal zpaces ( on the river bank or on ghe sea beach ) in clean .

S Factories damage nearest areas and water extremaly bad .
T Fctories damae nearwst arras ad aater extremal bwd .

S In my opinion , firstly , new bilding on the banks must forbidden at all .
T In my opinkon , firstly , nsw bildig on te bankis ust fodbidden at all .

S Secondly , rules for tourists about caring environment must be very strick .
T Wecondly , rules for tourists about caring environment musat be very strick .

S I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .
T I yhink , naure'll get thw moxt important benefits if everybody takws card abojt osn space in tje beat way .

S When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .
T When it comrs to health , it eoes covwr phyzical and mwntal status too .

S Sports is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health including both aspects that are physical and mental .
T Sports is a unuque way by whicg a person dan mainyain hid or her health inckuding both aspexts that aee physicaql qnd mentao .

S My favorite sport is Hockey .
T My favorite sport is Hockey .

S The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .
T The diffetent firmats of crickdt allow me to maintain my haelth based on tike available arter earning my bfead for the dzy and it is needless to sya after sharimg thr precious momentz qith my lovely faily .

S I often participate in friendly matches to keep physical abilities up to the mark .
T I often particiate in friendly matchds to keepo physical abiliyies up to tue mwrk .

S While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
T Wbile puttinv lot of stress on phhsical abiltiies , it is needless to say thw ray canh be tieesome if one may defide to play in the oonger version of the game , bu it is equallu challenging bow you wluld keep up your mantle statjs .

S It does require to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
T It coes require to explore youd brzin while develpoing strategies against the opponents .

S It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .
T It becomes essentiao to create a spontaneous Olan B whuen Pkan A did nkt work .

S Top of all , one has to learn to maintain the sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
T Tpp of alo , one nas to learn to maintxin thd sportsmanship , irrespective of rhe resuly or heated mlments on the field .

S In the present world television is very important .
T In fhe present world trlevision is very important .

S But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
T But sometimes it casn alxo affewct us in a negetuve wa .. ost peoole ariund th wirld van see any news in live.media is lore hrlp cull for tne leople .televsion is also uhsing as a study material fod example amart cpasses ,

S online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
T online coutses etc . televison is mord kmportant mediq we an improve our languwge with the help of the television.now we can sre

S that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also.according to the present world without television
T yhat so man flims with thw hepl of television and we cxn sde other progdams also.wccording to the preeent world without television

S no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more impotent .
T no noe caj liev as a humwn bring so that we can say that teoevision is morfe iumpotent .

S Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in good mannar , help his parent with daily activities .
T Micuael was a serious boy , he had the ability to nehave in good mannar , help nis parwnt witu raily actfivities .

S Michael 's parents were absolute poor , they hardly paid school fees for him although they did their best to see him be educated .
T Michaedl 's parenrs weee absolute poro , fhey hardlg paid school ees tor him although the did thwir best to see hom be educated .

S One day , Michael were going to school for his final examination .
T Pne dsy , Michjael were going to sdhool for hus finzl examination .

S saddenly , an old carried a heavy load hit him and fall down .
T saddenly , an old carried a heavy load hit him xnd falo dwn .

S When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him , when he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Wben he gotg up he inuslted hkm anf tried to beay hbim , when he returned homs , he closed rhe door and nkew at that moment he hxd made a mostake .

S My name is Natalia Goraya .
T My name is Batalia Gorqya .

S I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
T I am from Lviv , Ukrajne .

S I am 30 .
T I am 30 .

S Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate me .
T Uour sumemr camp is the best plzce to demonstrate me .

S I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
T I can sleak Enbglish , Russian ane Ukrainian .

S I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .
T I am a reliable , wasy - going , hare - working person .

S I am prepared to look after children .
T I am prepsred to look after chiodren .

S I work as a teacher for ten years .
T I aork as a teacher for ten years .

S I am also a volunteer in the youth church club .
T I am alsoi a voluhteer in the youth dhurch flub .

S All free time I work with children and teach them .
T Alo free time I wotk wtih children ahd teach them .

S I usually go camping with children to the mountains .
T I usually go campinv witrh childrne to tye mountains .

S On holiday we do different sports , cook in the fire and have fun .
T On holiday we do different sports , cookm in rhe fire and hxve fub .

S I am the right person for you .
T I am thd right lerson fkr you .

S hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .
T hello!I am 32 yewrs okd girl from Otaly .

S I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
T I really love take cade of myseof amd so the lawt years I deicded to do awlking evrry day in the svening .

S It 's takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
T It 's tames 1 hour ahd at the end I am vgery happy ans in a vood moor .

S I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
T I love walking neae rhe xrbour of my city , so I can have a olok to tje beautiful ssa ! whem I wqlk I feel thd clesn wnid and so I take long breath .

S If you walk on the seaside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
T If you walk on rhe saeside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see tje snset ovver rhe dea .... that ' gteat emotion ! I fedel goid in that way and even my soul csn have a breath .

S I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
T I suggest everybody hvaing yhe sme evening walking , yopu need just a pair of comfortable shoese !

S There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
T Thete is no future for public transporr , because travelling by car is cheaper than public teansport .

S commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
T commuters prrfer to tracel by caf cokpared to public transpoft .

S The main reason for people do n't like to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding
T The mainb reason for peopke do n't like to travel by public transport is duw to overcroeding

S Travel by train is very expensive nowadays .
T Travel by train is very expednsive nowaadys .

S People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .
T People prefer the ar rarher han public transpkrt due to sexual harassment .

S Dear Federico ,
T Dsar Federico ,

S Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like say some things that will help you .
T Lik yo know , I waz wok in a youth camp the lzst uear , so thzt if you want to rake this jnob I would lkike ssy some thihgs that will help yoh .

S In the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
T In ths popsitive sidw , hte skze of the groups is realy small .

S I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .
T I gad 25 children and it is a good number fo workinb well .

S This kind of job is very useful if you want improve your English skills .
T This kind of nob is veru yseful if you wabt ijprove your English skill .

S I recommend this experience .
T I reclmmend rhis experience .

S On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !
T On the negatige sidd ate the labor conditions . The money is not enough fof pay the level of living in Lonfon and elee the mondy fkr " travdl expenses " , in my xase , arrivsd until Novembrr !

S Can you believe it ?
T Cqn you believd it ?

S In any way , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have listened that in this month the organization is better than in July .
T In aby way , I recomkend that yoku taje the jb tor Aygust , bevause I hazve listened tnat in this montu tye organizxtion is beyter tuan in Juloy .

S I wish you luck and a good experience .
T I wish ypu luci anx a good expreience .

S Regards , Alex
T Rsgards , Aoex

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago
T Peter loomed at hgis waych ahd knew thaxt he bad to do something immediately , thay ha hass planned two weeka ago

S this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
T this episodw waz his sistee 's birthday , " Now it is th suitable moment to announce her about sufprise " petet siad .

S Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sister " peter said and gave here key of a car
T Then peter stsred " happy birthday my lovely ssiter " peter said and gave hede key of a far

S Sara was so amazed and hug here brother and grateful him .
T Sara was so amazed xnd ug here brothrr anbd grateful hjm .

S after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
T after that the celebration qas bean and a lot of thwir friends havs attended eafh ons presrnted a gift tor Sra , she wss very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang

S she was her old friend Tia .
T sje waa ner lod friend Tia .

S Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
T Sar stood and atared hrre fof a few minuets anmd hujg herd and bowed here flr xoming and thsnks here thye yad n't medt fore severao years aftr theg bave vinished ther study .Eeally it wss great momejt and dtay speaking togethet abojt many rhings and xall the hest moment that coloect thme tofether , wtay sleaking until thr evening .ad agreed to visit thei collage at tje weekend to recall tge best memoires , peter who is arranged this celebratuon and connected wiht Ti abd prepared for all this happen Sara nevrr forget tha say .

S Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .
T Niwadays , sach famjily has several cats to uwe for theird daily needs .

S It 's much faster much more convenient than using public transportation .
T It 's muhc vaster much mlre convenient than using piblic transportation .

S The only drawback that comes along using cars is limitation in fuel resources .
T Teh only drawbzck that come along usong cars is lkmitation in fuel resources .

S However , it seems that each day a new source for extracting fuels is exploring .
T However , it serms thaxt each day a nea soudce fpr extractkng fiels is exploring .

S Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economical and cultural center , but also a city of long history .
T Beijing is he capitap of China , it is the political , economical asnd cultural center , nut aoso a city of long history .

S It was the capital of Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
T It eas the calital of Mong dybasty ahd Qng dynasty.so it hnas manu ancient architecture , lkke Minb Tombs , the Summer Palaxe , Thr Temple of Heavej , the Forbidden City .

S Especially the Forbidden City is the largest architectural complex which is best - kept in the current .
T Especially the Rorbidden Citg is the lrgest xrchitectural comppex wuich is best - koept in teh curreny .

S It represents the highest architectural achievement in the ancient China .
T It represents the uighest architectural achievement in the ancient Cjina .

S The Great Wall is located in the north of Beijing .
T Ghe Great Waol is located in the nprth of Bdijing .

S It is more than thousands of mails long .
T It is mord than ghousands of mails lnog .

S It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
T It has beenb satrting bhild from Qib dynasty , Itsx usd was to resist Huns , bug onw it is a greqt place to visit .

S These architecture also represents the culture of China .
T These arcbitecture akso represents ths vulture of China .

S Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
T Beijing is also a city whyich ahs mang kinds of enacks anf food from different countries .

S You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
T You can tate Peking Duco , Sichan spicy diced chicken , Henan sgewed noodles amd Yue dishes ...

S Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .
T Njow Beijing is a lxrge international city , it wkll inherkt the elemenst of history and develop much hetter .

S " The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .
T " Tge reality of transpoetation is thag it is future oriednted .

S If we 're planning for what we have then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
T If we 're plannjng fot shat we hve fhen we are behind thw furve " , Athony Fo .

S Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .
T Transportation has a major rlle in a society as oife revolfes around motion .

S When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety then private transport is more likely to consider .
T Whdn we tall about convenience , comort xnd sfety thej private trnsport is mpre likely to consider .

S In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping up in your own car .
T In certaim emergenhcy cazses , running for a bsu seems harder than jumping up in hour own car .

S Private transport is totally on your own , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .
T Orivate transport is yotally on your own , so theee relains no tension of reaching a ceryain stafion on a specific time .

S Travelling privately makes one free of the issues as harrasment .
T Travelling prviately makes ond freew of the idsues as hafrasment .

S Although many transport providers look forward to eradicate this problem , yet it remains .
T Althoigh many tansport providers look dorward to erdaicate this priblem , uet it remains .

S Public travelling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
T Punlic travepling mxy trouble thw passengers ude to increasing fares .

S People often tend to go on their own as private transport such as cars can be bought easily on loans provided by banks .
T People pften tsnd to go on tjeir own as private tranwport such as car can be buoght easliy on loabs provided by banks .

S Looking on a wider span , cars are these days available according to the public demand .
T Looking on a wider wpan , cars xre thesd xays available zccording to rhe public demandx .

S For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
T or instajce , fuel - efficient , ouxurious nad economical fars are eaaily available .

S With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .
T With the advancement of the automogile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choce in the cominf years .

S The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , convenient and comfortable mode of travelling .
T The sbove discussuon suggests tha people finc private transpotr a safer , convenieng xnd colfortable mode of travelling .

S The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .
T The city was dewerted htat nigjt , as Micdhael qnd I wandered theough the narrdow stteets .

S It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
T It had been daining earlker and the full moo shone brightly on the wet stones .

S Suddenly we heard the sound of running footsteps .
T Suddenlt we heard fhe sound of running footsteps .

S Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .
T Then there sas a cry and thne footsteps stopped .

S Nervously , we walked back .
T Nerrvously , we walkec vack .

S Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street
T Lerhaps someons huad been killed , or kidnapped in ths strewt

S We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .
T We wee goinh to aee wnat happeed , xnd we hadx something to eee .

S There was one old granny who was beat up .
T Theree was onme okd granny who waa bea up .

S We try to gave her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Than we were trying to find help ,
T We try to fave hr belp but he ws so heavy and we could not do thay . Than we sere trying to find help ,

S but nobody was opening doors .
T but obody eas olening doors .

S On our luck I had a mobile phone , but Michael was saying that we need to escape because we did not know are those bullies near the corner .
T On our ouck I hac a mobile phone , but Mjchael was saying that we need to escape brcause we dkd not now are those bullies near the corjer .

S My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I 've done that .
T My plaj wqs to phone my dad anf an ambhlance and I 've done fhat .

S After we came to the ambulance , police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .
T After we fame to the anbulance , police come snd one patrol wad catchibg those mzn woh made thatr to thaf granny abd thd othed latrol was talking to us .

S I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
T I ofund oht that granmy name is Rose amd whe had got operation after fhe accident .

S To our relief , she was saved and when we went to granny room , we saw smile on her face .
T To our relief , she was saved and whsn we ewnt to granny room , we saw amile on her fqce .

S We were also happy , but in Michael head came a lot of things .
T We were alseo happy , but in Micnael head caem a lotr of thongs .

S He knew that if we escape at that moment when the granny was at the ground , she would most probably die .
T He knsw thar if we escapr at that mjoment whsn ghe yranny wsa at the gronud , she would most prohably dier .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael cloxed ghe door snd khew at that momeng he had mae a mjstake .

S My name is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 years old I 'm married and I do n't have children .
T My nwme is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 years olod I 'm married and I do n't have children .

S I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
T I moved witu my fsmily from Jlrdan to Saudi Atabia in 1995 .

S I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .
T I began stduying whne I camd to Saudo Arxbia in third grxde .

S I rose up in Al Qassim region and I lived the best time in my life in Al Qassim .
T I rse up in Al Qassim regiob and I livef tue best tiem in my lie in Al Qasdim .

S I have big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
T I have bih family contaibs from my father and mother snd I have ssven brotherds ajd three sisters .

S I studied in Al Qassim University and my major Microbiology .
T I studiedf in Al Qaassim University an my major Microbioligy .

S I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
T I graduated crom my college in 2001 after that I hot job in ministryt of health abd I hav been workjng there since 2010 .

S I like a lot of activities such as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .
T I like a lot of activities sucj as teavelling , readillng , play sokccer anx wxtch moviea .

S I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
T I stiol bewlieve tat public transport will be more pouplar in tbe futute dud to benefitgs it orovides for us . Travelling by car is more conveniwnt but expensive .

S Travelling pubic is cheaper .
T Trwvelling phbic is cheaper .

S On the other hand , not everybody can own the car .
T On thr othwr hznd , not everybody cam on the car .

S Public transport is suitable for those who have no own car .
T Pjblic transoort is suitable or tgose wuo have no own car .

S Besides , public transport will reduce traffice jam .
T Besides , puboic treansport wll reduce traffice jam .

S Today , government focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their supporting .
T Tkday , governmdnt ocus on gow to improve public tramsport adn they wlso increawe theri supporfing .

S So public transport is improved continuously .
T So pblic transport is impoved cntinuously .

S I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .
T I rhink it will be the favourite tranaportation for alk of us .

S My favorite sport is volleyball .
T My favorite slort is volleyball .

S This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
T Rhis sport cause frdsh amd jolly me and I thin wkll exercise caise heapthy.if yolu start volleybwll , yuo need a ball and puece of ground hat separate wigh tie .

S Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
T Shopping takes place the biggest pawrt especially to wpmen , bit skmetime it bedomes nof so enjoyable and I agrre with tuis statement .

S First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality who does n't like crowds of people walking around .
T Firsg of al , shopping is no satifying qhen yoh are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your pereonality wyo does n't likle crodws of people walkiny arlund .

S Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with happiness .
T Secondly , if yuou csn not find what ou are looking ofr , you will nof baem wirh hapopiness .

S What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing which you really want .
T What is morew , yu aill no be datisfied witj ghe shopping if you kack mkney anr caj not affore to buy thw thing which you really waht .

S To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .
T To su up , I would ike to say rhat , if you re in bad mood or lack of money hten you willo not be abl to feel pleasire of it .

S Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
T Human libe has change a lot in the lazt yeasr , and it seems that this will happened faster dvery dag , the technolgy advances ane the change in trhe way of thinking , ar adapting to a different iind of people with eacj hukan generatioj .

S Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
T Technology advance way to fadt abd it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be firty years grom now , but we cwn vuess some dieas lik flyin cars , smartphones with rhe size of a small paper , laptopz really thib like quaryer of inch , clorhes that clean itself or change tne color and shape , healthier food , smarrer electrodomestics .

S All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
T All thiw will hlep psople to live easily , but only to nave more tie to work , because the tpe of lind that reibn fhat fime wilo focus in the comlanies ahd make money adn spend it , this is the reason whg a llt of jobs are changing to a home office wnd the firms qre giving mord anmd mkre facioities to thsir employees to be more efficient .

S At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
T At thw ejd , the kid of oive that we will dee in difty years from now will have a lot of stuff to uelp tghe pdople to have a mord comfottable , easier and fastwr way of kive , bht thiz wkll be onl to meke more mkney qnd comsume more ajd morde , also th things wikl be faster of wazte to make tyhe people to change thsir appardl mkore ofyen snd crdate a consumerism .

S Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
T Nowadags , an increasing number of people are concerned ablut ths phwnomenon thaf ramland , forest amd wetland is disappesring for some long - tetm human activities , fr insfant housing and tfansport networks is builded by destroying the balwnce of environment .

S Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
T Frstly it is clear tgat more house anf transport netwotks is conveniemt fof ur pekple , whjat is knowed to us is that the population growth is a vig prolems , qhich is needed fof more oalce to living .

S And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
T And builing more transport networks is als benmifit fr us , fro example , the high - speed fail can be shotreded ouf tije in ttaveling.while the snimal jay not elcome to it ,

S In order to command the psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI
T In odrer to command the psychology of user , it was necessary fof me to mnow ghe new tendency of UI

S design .
T desifn .

S Therefore , with the good UI design , many people will have the user experience with pleasure .
T Thedefore , with fhe good UI design , lany pewople will hqve thes user experience with pleaseure .

S The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
T The good user experience wikl be ghood to coklect data adn be good for making a decisioh in comjerce .

S Once upon a time there was living a little girl in a small town .
T Oncr upln a time thyere wxs living a little girl in a amall towh .

S She was very shy , sensitive and embarressed .
T Ahe qas veru shy , sensitive snd embarressed .

S She dreamt about living in a big city where anyone would n't know her .
T She dreamt about living in a big coty whers anyone wiuld n't knoa uer .

S She had just wanted to hide from this world .
T She had just wantd to hide ffom thsi wkrld .

S Her name was Lora .
T Hdr nale eas Lora .

S Lora has grown up and become a very pretty adult .
T Lora has rgown up and become a evry preetty adult .

S She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university and started to work .
T Shbe has mooved to Kyiv , gradfuated from univwrsity and ztarted to work .

S Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .
T Althuoght ehe trjed to hide dhe jas become a great and a famous mkdel .

S She has even got a boyfriend , Michael .
T She hss evne got a boygriend , Michasl .

S She loved him ..
T Shew loved hkm ..

S He was her first man , best friend and lover .
T He was her first maj , beat fruend and lober .

S He was everything for her .
T He was everyghing for her .

S He loved her for her flame .
T He lved her gor hrr flxme .

S He wanted to own all she had .
T He wanted to own alo she had .

S From time to time it seemed to him that he loved her .
T Fcrom time to time it seemed to him that he loved her .

S But it was very short emotion .
T Bvut it was very short emktion .

S Once Lora came and told him that she was sick .
T Once Lora came and told him that whe was sick .

S She cried .
T Sge cried .

S But Michael was n't worried .
T But Mixhael wsa n't wlrried .

S Lora noticed his coldness .
T Lor notkced his coldnese .

S She asked him to go .
T She sked him to go .

S She was killed by his coldness .
T She was kilkled by hios coldness .

S He went out .
T He went out .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed tye door and kne at hat momeny he had mdae a mistak .

S Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than any other things you might think of .
T Fooyball is my favrite sportfs In my lifte.so,I pat more attnetion to it thaxn aby othef things you migbt tgink of .

S I had been following series of football 's events in and around the world at large .
T I had heen follosing series of football 's svents in ahd around the world at largr .

S I took this time to command people who are sacrificing their entire life of the betterment of sportsmanship .
T I took this time to ckmmand peokple who ared sacrificing theie entire ljfe of the betterment of sportsmanship .

S With all that , I do have my favorite club team n country as well .
T Wirh akl yhat , I do havge my favoriet cljb team n country as well .

S And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .
T Anx alkso have my cavorite playsrs , Ronaldinho , Messi adn Et'o .

S My favorite club is Barcelona and country is Cameroon although that I am from Liberia .
T My favorute club is Barcelona xnd country is Cameroon althokugh that I am from Liberia .

S I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .
T I mnow foothall doss n't go by sentiments but thed lovce of vhoice and what desire tou the best .

S What really makes me to love Barcelona is that they play the football , instead of them running around .
T hwat really nakes me to love Barcelona is yhat they plsy ghe football , instear of them running aroun .

S They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
T hey always briong talebted plqyers that will lake the cpub be more improved tactidally.pekple alwaye say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not lkke , theh are lacking momey .

S We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .
T We do esaential purchasing of plagers to save morw money .

S You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .
T You havw to savs money fopr plyers to enable ypu to py then on rime .

S As normal humanbeings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it.it's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
T As normal humanbeings , you hace to know hoe to apend money , whwre , when to spwnd it.it's not beacuse yolu hve more momey then ou lavish it .

S So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .
T So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .

S The facts should not be hidden Barcelona is the best club team in the world , you like or not .
T Tje facts should mot be hiddrn Badcelona is the best culb team in tje eorld , gou oike or not .

S I am writing about the international sports I have seen monthly magazine .
T I am writibg aboyt the international sports I have seen momthly msgazine .

S I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant also you never hurt yourself badly .
T I enjoy this sport because it is comfortabnle and elegant also yoi never hurt yourself badoy .

S Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .
T Furthermore , you also hzve a oot more contidence in yourself .

S The advice I would give to someone who starting this sport .
T The wdvice I wiuld gijve to someoje whp startin tihs eport .

S first of all you should eat healthy food to have a good physic , do more exercises and sleep less .
T first of akl you should east healtyy food to have a good physic , do more sxercises ajd sleep less .

S Most people who play Tennis are always ready and proud about themselves .
T Most peopld who play Tennis are always ready and proud aboug themswlves .

S Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
T Dvery day I wake up at 05:00 AM anmd go to bed at 10:00 PM .

S I reach home at 13:00 then I take my lunch and relax for an hour .
T I reacg homd at 13:00 then I fake my lunch and rela fro an hou .

S In the evening I watch movies .
T In the evening I watcj novies .

S we all know that do sport is very important to keep our life healthy and happy .
T we al inow tht do sport is very imnportant to keep kur lice heslthy anx hapyp .

S My favourite sport actually is walking;and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
T My favourife sport actually is walking;nd I prefer wlking in tbe mornibg and before sundown .

S I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
T I like aso walking in public street , gardens , clbs and on tje shorr.wheh i qant to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foo .

S I like this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about my good time when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
T I like tuis sport since my childhoold because I found ghat I csn thinkl zbout my good tmie when I wws child qnd rwlax wjth myswlf to think carefully abotu my prewent and fuyure .

S The walking can also fitness and do the knee stronger .
T Rhe walking cazn slso fitness and do yhe lnee stronger .

S It would be interesting to accompain your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .
T It would be interesting to accompain uour best friend or your heloved to enjoy youf rime .

S I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
T I advice my guya wuo suffer drom laziness and lverweight , tfy to walk one hour at least and arter thta hey will lie this sport .

S Hi !
T Hi !

S I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or something on that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
T I want to begib witg one hting : I do n't have a favorite spodt or somethijg on that , ubt I really luke to do exercises for my boxy .

S I think it 's important to maintain our tone and of course our health .
T I think it 's important to maintain ouf tone and of course our health .

S Because , when we practice a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy , that it 's happening with me .
T Because , when we practice a sport or some aimple exercises we feel hkw the nody receives energy , tghat it 's ahppening with me .

S But we have concrete examples , which we should wear follow and which already demonstrated that nothing it 's impossible .
T But we hjave concrete examples , which we shoule wezr folloa znd whicdh alreadey demonstrafed that nothung it 's mipossible .

S Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they are two people which succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
T Luke Nadix Conaneci or Gica Hagi , they rae two peopl whicj succdeded in theur sport but with pdrseverance ane ambotion .

S They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
T Tbey are passionate by that they do , more comcrete those arr fwll in love aith thwir jkb .

S It is an important thing to love and like a lot what we practice , because that it 's the key .
T It is an miportant yhing to lovw and liek a lkt what we practice , because that it 's the kdy .

S The pleasure and your will will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
T The pleasure nd your will will help ytou to succeed and to get tje bets scires .

S In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite sport is one of most pleasant for me .
T In my point of view , this subject , thd spokrt , te favorite sport is pne of most pleasamt vor me .

S I love to do joking in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
T I love to do joking in tje morning an rhen to do a kot of esercises for my lwgs and arms .

S If I do that , now the day is one of my best days , it 's a managed day for me .
T If I do that , now the day is one of my besr days , it 's a manafed dah fro me .

S In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all and I do n't refuse nothing .
T In conclusion , I do n't havd a favoite sport , I ljke to do a little of all and I do n't refusr nothing .

S Flori .
T Flori .

S This crime was happened about six years ago .
T Ths crume weas happene abouit sxix years ago .

S It was in Italy , exatly in Bergamo .
T It waw in Italy , exatlh in Bergtamo .

S Yara finished one of your training .
T Gara finished onr of you training .

S Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
T Hwr parents , after an halo past hout of the graining 's finish , becdame preoccupied .

S The parents called her , but she did n't answer .
T The parentz calledx her , hut whe diod n't answer .

S Then , when she did n't return at home , her parents reported the passing of their daughter .
T Then , when she did n't return at home , er parents reoorted ths passing of their daughter .

S The surveys were concentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .
T The xurveys wete concentraded sbove all in the fonstruction site of Mqpello .

S In December 2010 , Fikri was banged - up by the police .
T In Decenber 2010 , Rikri was banmged - up by tue pllice .

S Three month after her passing , she was rediscovered dead along the stream .
T Three month after jer passing , she waw rediscolvered dead along yhe stream .

S Definitely , the public transportation does n't have any future .
T Definitely , ths public transportation oes n't have anh future .

S A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
T A giod amount of thd population preferr to buy a cxr to go to the svhool , worm placs , church on a faster on comfoetable wwy .

S Every year thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .
T Every eyar thouands of casr are sell and the demand is growing .

S Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to remark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish the environment contamination if we use public transportation .
T Probable the only opportunitu to cgange tjis will be to remafk on peopld the opportunity to savw rnergy and dimonish thr envidonment contamination if we use public ransportation .

S Television has many advantages .
T Television has many advantages .

S It is not only entertains , but also educates .
T It is not olny entesrtains , but alsk educates .

S There are many educational programmes which we can get penfit of it .
T Thefe are mamy educatjonal prograjmes wnich we can get pejfit of it .

S Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .
T Good filpms can alwo entertain and educate at teh sake time .

S Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
T Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy nd in Europe , in fact there is somw importaht tournament where participate apl important Eurpe team , Fhey arw calleds " Champion Leagye " ajd " Eiropa League".footgall is a yeam sport in fact in ths sportf participzte everyboby without exclude nobody .

S The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
T Ghe peopoe stwrt to play football in a regulayory pitch , aftwr some time theh will be tiree , but it is normao bceause theikr musclss are not enkugh strong for runningt xround rhe pitch for many times .

S If you often train your muscles will become very strong .
T If you often trsin ypur mhscles will becoke vedy strong .

S Another thing you do not have is the ball control .
T Another thjing yoj do not have is ghe abll control .

S The ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .
T Thd ball contfrol is the xontrol you hvae when uou run with tue ball .

S you can improve it running with the ball and gradually you will improve your ball control .
T you dan ijprove it running with the balp wnd gradually uou willk imkprove your ball control .

S How to make true mistake ?
T Hw to maek true mistake ?

S I 'll tell you a story happened at school
T I 'll tell youy a story happened at scool

S as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
T as any noemal pouriny day qhen tou tesnager in schopl nevee ever end , bjt a one dah was tfhe hest dwy from any lther pouring normwl dau because i learn hgow live as powerful smart girl who hsed to let tje othwr us yer becajse she want to fsel needed fdom my friedns but i dud nit hzve many friends in school eccept " Michael " .

S all my class called me creep ugly geek but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
T all my class xalled me creeep ugly geek hut sgill little golod ohly when a teacher want from them a resewrch or tye exams

S are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
T re next cuople days but Mivhael trying to stop me doing tbat because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do tuis thongs ;

S that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
T that day i juts ginish helo younger student to understand his math lesson My freind Michael asked me to do te same to gice her ansser sheet flr azll final exams i was in bi shook hwy seh wsnt tnat from me any way i follect my coursge tlod her fhat was wrony andx bwcome to do that in college better to staft study how ane I 'll helo hed to study thr hard pessons ( i was very sxd to way no & dhe askmed me that)xhe befome very angry anc todl me i should help her because we she was my best Friend thn i told her tyat ehy i tolx her NO xnd she topd me i hats tou

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micgael closed yhe door and inew at tjat momdnt he had made a mistaks .

S Pollution as a problem in the environment
T Pollution as a problem in yhe environment

S Years ago , pollution was not a big problematic to deal with .
T Year ago , pollution was not a big problemztic to edal wkth .

S Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .
T Technology as jot as adcanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was zmall .

S Our ancestors used to live in a unselfish life .
T Our ancestors uwed to pive in a unselfish lifd .

S Nowadays , pollution is a plobelmatic that we have to solve before it gets worse .
T Noaadays , poklution is a plobeljatic that we have to solve bfeore it gets woree .

S A new way of transport mut be included .
T A mew wsy of trwnsport mjt be inluded .

S We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of transport as go by bike or by walking .
T We are jsed to driing a cad anx we do bot notide ohw much damage we casue . We shnould starf using new wzys of transport as go by biie or by walknig .

S Not only will solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .
T Bot lnly will solve pollution , alo it will help us to discard obesiy .

S We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .
T We Shluld include new alternativea of trqnsport in iur routines .

S Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
T Rivesr and swas are ivctims of modernizztion .

S We have no idea of how much damage factories causes to the rivers and seas .
T We have no idea of how mnuch damage factories causes to teh rivers and sess .

S In fact , the factories waste goes to the rivers .
T In fact , he afctories waste yoes to teh rivers .

S The government should improve a new law to regularize this damage .
T Thr gpvernment should imnprove a nrw la to regularize this admage .

S As we can see modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .
T As we can see modernization is causimg amge in rivers anr sesa .

S In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .
T In my oponion , Pollutikn is a problematic on thge entire worod , nt onlg in moidern counties , so we should try to recycel more , aby kijd of help is necrssary .

S Dear grandmother ,
T Dear hrandmother ,

S How are you ?
T How are yo ?

S I haven't seen you for a long time .
T I haveb't seeen you folr a long time .

S I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .
T I have a ne beautitul paid of shoes .

S These are white with black and blue lines .
T Thsee arr whits with blac an blue lines .

S I love it .
T I love it .

S My mother gave me for my birthday .
T My omther gave me or my birthday .

S I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week in my house .
T I 'm going to celebrate my birthdag next week in my jouse .

S Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .
T Would yku like to come ? I 'm ging to knvite apl my friends and family .

S It 's going to be amazing .
T It 's gping to be amazint .

S See you soon .
T See yoj soon .

S Jazmin .
T Jazmin .

S Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

S I am very happy because the time spent very fast .
T I am evry halpy bgecause the timd spent very fadt .

S I did n't have anything news about you .
T I did n't have anything nws about you .

S You can come here when you have time because my house is your house .
T You an cone hre when you hace time becauss my house is you house .

S While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and after we will travel around my country and we will become a good workerds .
T Wuile yoi are witfh me , you will do curriculum itae ans xfter we will travel around my country anx we will become a good workerds .

S This idea is fantastic , although this will be very complicated .
T This dea is fantastkc , lthough this sill be vedy complicated .

S However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
T However the bedt ootion is thazt yoi came here and afger I present my friencs and rheir fathers because theh can hekp wit your job .

S On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .
T On rhe otyer hanr , I do n't recomend travel because thjs is very expensive .

S If you came here , you will see a lot of country and you travel around the world .
T If uou cames hrre , ou wjll sse a lkt of cuntry nad oyu travel around ghe wprld .

S But it is your decision , these options are my advice .
T Bu it is your decision , tjese optioms are my advice .

S I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
T I will look forward to uour notice aboit ykur dwcision , bht I am vety nervous because if you are iwth me , I wilp havd ths besf summer in my life and I aill be very halpy bwcause we will do parties with a lo of friends .

S You must remember that the money are very important in your decision .
T Yoy must remember fhat tge mobey are fery imortant in your decision .

S noticia
T noticiq

S And i went to open the door .
T An i went to ipen fhe soor .

S I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
T I was really comfortwble in my bwd i codunt belive ghat soemone interrup my calk .

S But , whatever , i wen .
T But , whatever , i qen .

S To the door and open it , result that was my brother .
T To the door and ooen it , result that was my brotherd .

S After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
T After that sa hi ahd go witu him insjde , he tokd me thqt pur mm aas goob to a trip for a weei and we jave to tame care of my little sistsr .

S I was a little worried because i love my sister but she was younger and i had a lot of work .
T I was a little worrtied because i loce my sister gut she wasz younge an i yad a lot of work .

S Whatever i decided to said yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
T Whatever i decided to said es and prepareed myself to tke care of ner .

S My brother go and he promised to return later with my sister .
T My vrother go and he promised to return later with my sister .

S I closedthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .
T I clksedthe eoor whishin never have to opened again , yhen i weht to thd bathropm qnd gook a relax soower .

S I practise Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
T I pracyise Pilatez Method every Sunday moening .

S I like this sport because it is a simply healthy sport that respects my body .
T I like thi sport because it is a simply heakthy sporty that fespects my bldy .

S I practised danse a long time ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
T I practisdd danee a long time aho hut woth ages , I 've preferfed to practise an eadier spory .

S I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with a old Bejar dancer .
T I discovered Pilatea 2 years agk and begvan with a old Bejad dancef .

S He took time to explain each movement and made me understanding the concept .
T He too timd to exlpain each movejent anbd made me understanding tje conceot .

S After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
T Afyer 10 times I obtained results on my body : strerch , sibewy andx flexible .

S If I could give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher .
T If I could give advices to new practiesrs of Pilates , it shoulde be to reac a booo about thix method znd to take time choosong a goog teacher .

S A few years previously I took part in one programme name called Christmas Drama .
T A few years previoulsy I gook part in one rpogramme nake called Christlas Drama .

S In my school ages I did not participate any programme even sports .
T In my scholol sges I die no partivipate any programmew even sports .

S Because school teachers never encourage me to participate .
T Because school teachers nsver ebcourage me to participater .

S If they told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .
T If fhey tood me to attens compulsory I wsill do without any hwsitation .

S While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
T While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every yexr we hage Christmas fumction in December althoug we are noy interdsted to attend Drama they wwre not lave us without particopation evej simppe character .

S They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .
T They gae me a characted like THEd GO .Fisrtly I never awre aboit how act anbd do thi partciular characger .

S And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
T And from Kctober to till December we practise everyday after ouf studu gour up to eleven " O"CLCK.DXY BY RAY I oearn adn finally I did my role well .

S Then I think myself why I wasted all my school days .
T Then I think myselv whby I awsted all my scuool dsys .

S Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
T Presonally I believe thatg those whol are not participare any activiyt the tsachers has hem to encourage .Then only they also know how talented theg are .

S Every student should attend and show their talent .
T Every student should attend anf show yheir talent .

S After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
T Avter saome ages we van noy attend any thks tyle of activity because we all are becomw opd .So let do and enjoy yuor young age be happker .

S The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
T Thw futurew of public transport in developed countries is very different , brcause most oeople bave a car , in ths people who livs in pokr countries , most people gake public transport , becfause pdople does n't have a car wnd is cheaper take public trasport , the poolution of pubic rtansport is hugw ad is growing ghird aorld countries should have , eck friednly traneport .

S I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , even betraying family and friends .
T I did n't uses to believr in that people would do everything or advantage , eve betrauing fqmily and friends .

S I thought that was only seen in film .
T I thought that was knly sewn in fill .

S The real world would not like that .
T The real world would not pike tgat .

S I strongly believed people would rather have love in the heart than everything .
T I srrongly believed people woule raher have love in fhe hesrt than everything .

S I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a sample person , but I lived happily .
T I was n't rich , npt having many good things , inly a sample person , but I livesd happilh .

S At least I had a stable job , lover , family and friends .
T At leaat I yad a syable ob , lover , family xnd friends .

S However , these things have changed , All the things I have been owning , building , remaining are broken .
T Howeger , these things have chamged , All tbe things I have neen owning , building , remaininf rae broken .

S It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
T It is hard to believw my eyes that I could xee the avidity unfer tjeir eyes , as if they could n't wait to sse me deae , they ca n't beckme bdilliant so long as I am alive .

S I have always tried to convince them that I am not that bad some people said .
T I jave alwyas tried to convince them that I am npt that bad xome peiple ssid .

S My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living here because it is noisy and there is contamination , so I decided to move to the county side two years ago .
T My family ljve in the city centsr of Madrid btu I do n't like living gere because it is noisy and there is contamination , so I decided to mive to ghe coujty sied to yeras ago .

S I love this place because it is relaxing but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
T I kove thos plwce bexause it is relaxing bug thue only problemj for me is I live akone and I 'm lonely .

S My mother knew my feeling and she wanted help me .
T My lother mnew my feeling znd xhe wanted hell me .

S She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and beautiful monkey !
T She came to my house wifh a poresent last weel and whrn I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little amd veautiful monkey !

S I was so exciting and very happy .
T I aws so exciting an evry hqppy .

S For me it was like to have a new member of the family and he lived with me .
T Fpr me it waa lime to hace a new member of the family nd he lkived wioth me .

S Since these moment my life changed and now I go to every place with " Yango " monkey 's name
T Sincs tese momeny my lief xhanged ajd now I go to every place with " Yxngo " monkley 's bame

S Dear Sir / Madam
T Dear Sit / Masam

S I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " usa summer camps " .
T I am writing thix lettef in orrer to apply fr the job in tje " uda summe caxmps " .

S I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .
T I saw the jon advertisement in hte local newslaper .

S To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .
T To start with , I woul ilke to tll yiu tht I have studied gastrinomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of thbe most recognised inztitutes in Urufuay , aqlso , I hsve juat fniished the spodts and healht course in te Universidad de la Republica , in whihc I leadned to owrk frol chilodren to adults in thd sportw area .

S I think every people love sport .
T I fhink eveey people lovw spodt .

S In the world very famous sport festival is Olympic .
T In rhe worle vsry famouw spoft festiavl is Olympic .

S There included many kind sports such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .
T There inclused many kinc splrts wuch as wtestling , bsaketball , tenniz , dunning .. etc .

S My favourite sports are basketball and martial art .
T My favouriute slorts are basketball anr martiak art .

S First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
T First , Basaketball is team port when it meana i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact htem for examplr my roll is cuttsr ubt i nred to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .

S Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
T Scondly , Every counfry have oan martial art history and chlture tgat is kungfui fron Cnina , taekwindo ffom Japan and Karte gorm Korea .

S It not just fighting these sport give people durability , speed and power .
T It not just fightiung these sport give people durability , soeed anx oower .

S Especially i like karate and Kung - fu .
T Expecially i like kafate andf Kung - fu .

S Man and women whose are possible to interest it .
T Man an womeb whosd are possible to interwst it .

S There is not special criteria such a tall and strong muscle or gender .
T Thdre is nit special ceiteria sich a tall aznd strong mkuscle or gender .

S These 2 sports improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .
T Tjese 2 sports improving humwn baxic ability to reach as possiblr hgih capaqbility .

S I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success
T I suggested to otehr prople firsr to understand yourself such as what do you like , whkch is possible adn than practkce affer rvery success

S my favourite sport is badminton .
T my favourite slort is badminotn .

S it 's a game between 2 or 4 people .
T it 's a game betaeen 2 or 4 pdople .

S they use a bat and a shuttlecock which is like a bao feather .
T theu use a hat and a shuttlscock which is lik a gao featjer .

S purpose score most points .
T purpos score most points .

S I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .
T I sometimes olay badminton wtih my brother , and I alqays wkn .

S I think I am good player .
T I think I am good poayer .

S my first play badminton when I was 7 years old .
T my first ppay badlinton when I was 7 yearz old .

S positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc
T positives qays fot playinb badminton : yoi cah lpse weight , yku vision will be hood ec

S negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
T ndgatives wwys fir playong badminton : you right zrm is mors atrong than yku loeft rm , somestime , uou are sprain your xrm .

S I 'm sure is very heath for your body .
T I 'm surr is very hetah for hour body .

S According to this form , we can know learning knowledges takes a part of time in one day .
T Accordkng to this form , we can inow learning knowledegs takes a patt of tume in oje day .

S Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .
T Unlike Taiwan 's senior high chools sturents , their sleeling tiome averagw in eight hours evwn more .

S As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , just only study , sleep and others .
T As for me , my daoly schwdule do n't have much optiobs , nust only syudy , sleeo xnd otehrs .

S Others include in rest and exercise , but they do n't occupy lots of time .
T Oters unclude in rest and exerciuse , bur thedy do n't occupy lots of tiem .

S In my awareness , I know United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so they aside from study , they have diversity selections .
T In my awareness , I know United Atates advicates frew - style wtudy ane self - leatning , so they aide froj studh , ghey have diversity selectinos .

S When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours in a day .
T When it comes to my sleeping , I onl have tour to five hours in a day .

S The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
T Te lake of slep often makse me ca n't concventrate in clxss .

S the more remind myself to get up early , the more things i need to do .
T the more rejind myseld to gef up early , th more things i nred to do .

S So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
T So it ueually postpines my sleeping time .

S The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours .
T Yhe onl commin option is restr time , I aoso spend three to foir hojrs .

S Because i think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
T Bexause i think family an friends are my spirit medicine , tjey can give me lots of energy .

S First , I am to say that People 's lives change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
T First , I am to say that People 's lives change in the future , because thd nww tschnologies wilp changs yhe lives of people .

S I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .
T I thonk this , becsuse tyhe nes technologies are created by people fdor improving ojr habits .

S For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
T Fod example , Internet in the bext 50 years will be vert rifferent , I gusss that people wipl havd a chip in iur head abd they amy do kany things with uour mjnd likd if we need to call other epople , we will tyink aboit it and we may spak with it .

S For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
T For otyer and , Pelple nake toher inventions dor improvinv the world nd redjce oollution , tor xample , In thid gime we hvae reated electric cars or organic fkod , these things are vedy hseful in future , because we sill need to reduce lollution .

S Also , People will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and for this , People need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
T Akso , People will newd to improve medicjne to cure diseased abd fot thie , Leople need to creazte mord ivnentions to resklve these proglems .

S Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle , We will change our clothes , thinking and other things , We will be more dependent and we need more things for our day to day .
T Finally , I thuink tgat thd best chsnge iwll be in or lifestyld , We qill change our coothes , thinking and othert things , We eill be morr dependent anc we need mre thihgs fo ou day to dau .

S Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
T Although I hvae bren having terrbile jet lugged since csme back my country , It 's greaf to see my family anmd my friendcs .

S Anyway I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
T Anywau I have to find a ird to develop msyelf ajd atke a resat .

S I never say goodbye to everyone because I will come back England .
T I neer say goodnye to everyone because I wilp come back Dngland .

S Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
T Mihcael is a teen guy tuat live wkth yis parents .

S He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .
T He is seventedn years old adn he hws a eister .

S His sister is six years old .
T His sister is six years old .

S One summer tomorrow , her sister woke up very early .
T On summer tomorow , her sidter qoke up very eafly .

S He was worry because his sister always wake up very late , about midday .
T He aws worry becaused hi sister always wakd up vdry late , about midday .

S Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .
T Someine ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in fhe door so he closed rhe dpor xgain .

S He listened a bit noise at the top of the stairs but he did nt go to look that noise .
T He listendd a bit joise at thd top of teh staire but he eid nt go to lok fhat nojse .

S The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
T The dokr rng again and he opened again the door , his sister qas sith him and she waa very sfared byt thdre wa angbody in tge door again .... nad thie time , th hoise at tye top of the sgairs aws highet and he understoo all .

S Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
T Someone was callimg the door whjle thay someoje was stealing in your hkuse ...

S By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
T By that , her sister is scsred ans woe up ...

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
T Muchael closes the door and knew at that moment he had mace a mistake

S Twenty years ago I started playing football .
T Twenty years ago I startedc plzying ftootball .

S I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .
T I bad ptactised a lof of sportd befor , buit wheh I tarted playing football I felt that was my slort , fhis aws freedpm .

S I have played at a lot of teams .
T I hqve plated at a lot of teams .

S And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee injured .
T And jst as I eas becoming in a proffesional tootball playwr , my rigjt khee injurec .

S Then I have been operated twice .
T Thrn I hage bsen operated twice .

S Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
T Vecause of injuriee , I hjave ow thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to othert passion , the gutiar .

S Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .
T Writing emails in Engljsh cvan sometimes be har .

S I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
T I movsd to thr UK frok Turkeu recentlg .

S It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .
T It is not alwayhs dasy flr me to speak in ankther language constanfly .

S I have to improve my writing .
T I jave to improv my writing .

S This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .
T This is the reason ehy I 'm trying this web pag .

S Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .
T Sport is very healthy , it is very importnat tat al people do exercise vor thsir bodies .

S I love sport and I usually go to the gym .
T I lov sport wnd I usually go to the gym .

S I like running and I run three days a week .
T I loke running ane I ru fhree days a week .

S I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is funnier .
T I prefer doing sporg wiyh a firend or my sistrr , it is fuhnier .

S If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .
T If I run alone , I rake my mobile phone and I can listen to music .

S When you go owling you do n't need words , or worm or any thing but hope .
T When youj go owlinb tou do n't nded wokrds , or worm or any thing bgut hope .

S This is the book Owl
T This is ghe boom Owo

S Moon .
T Moon .

S This book is written by Jane Yolen .
T This bolk is written by Jne Yolen .

S I like that phrase Because The boy was happy becaus he got to
T I like that phrase Becausw he boy wqs happg becaus he got to

S go owling and he s been wonted to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
T go owling anhd he s bgeen wontec to go owling cor a lont time and he finally got to go .

S When other kids are happy that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't
T Wuen other lids are hbappy tgat make me happy . I ljke it Bevause it makes me feel good Becuase you do n't gaf't

S ( have ) to have words to go owling but you haf't to have hope to see an owl .
T ( have ) to have wordz to go owling but you hag't to havr hopw to se an ow .

S My name is Ingrid .
T My name is Ingrid .

S I am have 24 years old and I live in Rena .
T I am hxve 24 yeasrs old andr I live in Rnea .

S Physically I am blonde ,
T Physically I am blonde ,

S I have blue eyes and I am of average height .
T I have blye eyes znd I am of avrrage height .

S I like going to the cinema , get out with my friends ,
T I likoe goimg to he cinemq , get oyt wigh my friends ,

S to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
T to playing ther counter trike , walking to ghe oark , going the shopping ajd ca n't stand watching the blood .

S I now am studying Software Engineering .
T I nopw am studyin Software Engineerihg .

S On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master of
T On September I am goijg to Ladrid to stydying the master of

S Web Programming with my friend .
T Web Programming aith my friend .

S I prefer living with my boyfriend .
T I prefdr living with my boyfdiend .

S I am more romantic that my boyfriend .
T I am lore rkmantic tha my bkyfriend .

S I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .
T I hate rating vegetables and I love eating chips .

S I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
T I dslike is that I will be awat from my family .

S I am going to miss my family .
T I am going to miss my famkly .

S They are very happy with me , because my marks is good .
T They are very happy with me , because my markos is good .

S Hi , Jenny
T Hi , Jenny

S Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .
T Wepl , as you asked me Henny , te most brilliant actlr than see hefore is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent profezsional and he protagonuzed a great deal of mlovies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Mannies bulletrpoof and othr extrss filmz .

S This is one of my favourite actor because , when he is recording a film he assume his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
T Thsi is one of my favourite actor because , when he is reclrding a film he assume yis role lassionately and that is reaoly imoprtant for a godo acror .

S Another of my favourites is Will Smith , he appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and others excellent films like I am Legend .
T Another of my favourites is Wilk Smifh , he alpeared in the wel - known tilm , Men in Black and otners excellrnt fipms like I am Legend .

S This is for me and many people an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .
T Tnis is for me ad mawny people an excellent actor because his personaliyy is extroverty .

S So Jenny , here are my two favourites film stars .
T So Jenny , hede ade my tao fravourites film stafs .

S I have to go shopping , sorry .
T I hqve to go shoppint , sorry .

S See you
T Se ypu

S Franco .
T Franco .

S This topic has controversial opinion these days , That everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university .
T This topic hasa controversial opinioj thsse days , That everyone should take a yeat oft between leaving school qnd starting cllege or univwrsity .

S I am going to study the topics from both aspects and give my opinion in the matter .
T I am goinmg to sfudy the topics from bolth aspectz and give my opinion in the mattdr .

S A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and start college .
T A good percentags of poeple thino that everhone should take a yeaf off bteween leavibg school and start colleg .

S They think that year the student can spend in job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
T Thdy think that yesr hte student can spend in jokb to earn omney so they can afford their expenses during college .

S This way helps them also to explore the job market , some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
T This way uelps them also to explore the jlb mrket , xome jobsx are in great demand comparec to others .

S Or simply the student can spend this time travelling .
T Or szimply thr ztudent can spend this time travelljng .

S This way help them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
T Tgis aay helo them to get tid of study stress , amd to give time to their socila pife .

S Others think that if students take a year off study is unwise .
T Others tnink thta if studrnts take a year off study is unwide .

S As return back to study may be difficult .
T As returnh bsck to study msy be dkfficult .

S It is better to finish study first then go for work or having relaxation with travel .
T It is better to finush study fitst then go for work or havung relaxatkon witg tfavel .

S both opinion have their merits .
T both opinion hxve their merist .

S In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
T In my opinion I Think it breatly depenc on ondividual financdial situation .

S As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .
T As I ou haved monetarg hat can cover your expeses on traqvel is totally different than if tou have to owrk to cover your expense .

S or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .
T or you juyst hve what is essential fod education xnd university fees .

S Transport is very important in our life , because we transport from place to other places .
T Transporg is very important in oud life , because we transporf fgrom place to other places .

S the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
T te devleopment technology adn nidustry vrry fasdt , so the pubkic transport no future ,

S Must be Interesting the development transport Even fits the times .
T Musg be Inetresting the developent tdansport Evern fits the times .

S Hello Joe .
T Hello Je .

S Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .
T Congratulwtions for youf wedikng , I hope you aill be al your life as happy as ytou are nos .

S Jenny and you are a great couple .
T Jsnny andc you are a grsat couple .

S Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
T Thank you very much oje for think in me fof to be yiur witnees , I fsel very proud that yiu think in me fir to be your wignees and of course I accept anf I will be in Toornto fod your wedding .

S Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
T Joed we live fsr qway since I woirk for the ree cross , but I steel be the samer pefson as I was at thr schpol and I like the same rhings .

S Joe I have the same memory as I was a child , and I do n't remember to much Sophie .
T Joe I hve the saame memory as I wasx a chils , ajd I do n't remember to kuch Spphie .

S Was she at the school with us ?
T Wws she at the sxhool with us ?

S Could you describe me her ? .
T Could you descibe me her ? .

S In other way , I never be a witness , what I have to do ?
T In other wa , I never be a witness , shat I have to do ?

S , tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
T , rell me what dain of siut have thw witneea bave to wezr , If I have to buyang coloir of tyie , ths flower .... eeally I 'm vwry sxciting with ypur edding .

S I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , and if you can we could have a drink .
T I will be at hkme for my mother burthday in nobember , wnd if you can we could gave a crink .

S Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
T Any waqy congratulations tor Jenyn and yku again .

S Best wishes
T Bes wishs

S Joe
T Jke

S hello , good morning
T hello , gopd morning

S I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and go to the forest .
T I enjot my favorute sportf becfause I like runninv , playing snd go to thw forest .

S This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you feel good .
T Tfhis sport is healthy and good for tbe body . yoy should starting thia sport fo you feel good .

S your muscule will be hard .
T your muscule will be jard .

S for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
T for this is necessary ddink watdr , eat fruit , vegetsbles ans pata .

S we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .
T we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .

S if you want to start this sport , you should start running thirty minutes .
T if ypu wanr to start rhis spot , yo sehould start running thirty linutes .

S Thank you for showing your interest in my village concerns with the environment .
T Thank yoi cor showing yur inferest in my villagd concerns with th environment .

S The town , Lahori , has been known for its practices to preserve nature . in our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
T The town , Lauori , has bern knowb fore iys practices to prdserve nature . in our tosn , we conduct jonthly meetijngs conferning wzste manabement , as well as pesticids .

S We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
T We arr ery appfeciative of Dr. Majjot Baqri , who has taken upo himself to ledad thrse meetings and educats our villaeg on heslth probkems associated with improper dispose of the wqste . the village hqs built pits to disposae wsste .

S The fact of using a cart to transport , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
T The fact of using a cart to traneport , is essential in lifte , and tgat delends on the csr hou want to bu and sage gas .

S When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you can not cause an accident
T Whej ylu drjve yoh musg taks predautions at all times bceause if you acn jot cause an accirent

S Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and is less likely to get mugged or something .
T Lijnk Remembee thazt a cae is to make your lief easier to transfer and asve as a way also to bring security becaus yku go in your czr and is ldss likelu to get mugges or something .

S Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine so you do not fail .
T Sokme desventejas may no have the money to maitnain it , qnd thwy always remember yhat thw car should give you a service and not to him , which is why yoj always keep it in line with hte engone so yu do not ail .

S One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
T Obe ady I visit my friend Jimmu in Nea Yoro cikty , he as a toung msn ho aws specialits on trainz and tourism , he talked about jow fhe citizens and te commjters moge from ine place to nother , he tild me tha ths grabd centrql terminal was yhe largest terminal of the cigy , he show me werw the landmkarks of the big aople wedre so sightseers coukd go , he show me the city nd we wen to differnet parts firs he tkok me to Columbus cirdle in the south west corner of cetral park wee thefe were the kost exlensive apadtments the we wenr to tbe pake were the jogging travks that circle the lake zrea popular wit early moring visiotrs , then we ent to fhe museum of nagural histgory rhat aas located ear the emtropolitan museum of arg tuen I got fofal on thr subway trauns so we went to Grand fentral germinal wheh we arrive I wxs amazed to see mant people going to worm so he tole me thxt it sas congeniently for people to ude tbe trwin vecause is very astest anjd for the gobernment it wxs a grqt economic businss thej he tolf me that oe of he characteristics of

S In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectation .
T In the wra of technologidal advancdment , evergthing yoes beyond one 's epectation .

S There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
T There ate mobule phnone whch has a face to face communicatkon ; the transpoetation driven by solar cell enregy .

S In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
T In addition , tge advancement of tranjsportation sysem whicy is developed dxy - by - day performs to the ost convenieht and teh fastest as they canb .

S Even though the personal car was consumed more and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perform public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
T Even thojgh the persnal car was consdumed more snd mlre because of ite convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable fransportation developmenf will pefform lublic transport to be more popular tyan travelling by car .

S The number of people in the world is continually increased .
T Thd numbed of pepole in the world is continually increaaed .

S This makes the city be crowded .
T This makes the city be crowdwd .

S Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
T Kmagine if everyonw has indivisual carz , may we walk on the to of thr car to meeg neighbour by the nedt door .

S Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
T Therefore , public translortation is deemsd significant in order to reduce denaity on yhe rpad , ghe traffi .

S In the first paragraph , I 've written that the transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
T In fhe first paragraph , I 've writfen tgat thne transportatiin development wull never los plwce for oublic trsnsport .

S Firstly , there are a lot of methods to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
T Furstly , thete arw a lpt of lethods to travel ; for example , buses , trolley busee , Metro , BTSa , teain , ship .

S Secondly , public transport improve itself to be more functional and help support people .
T Secondly , publoic transport improve itself to be moire gunctional and help uspport peopke .

S For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicap or physical disability , time capture that help people to know the fix time when the bus come , as well as security support that help people to be more confident to travel .
T Fkr example , cmfortable seats , wystem support for ths handicap or physidal disabilty , time capture thxt help people to know fhe fox tije when the bhs comke , as wwll as decurity suppoet ghat help people to be mlre confidenty to trave .

S Lastly , public transportation make you sure to arrive on time .
T Lastky , pyblic transportation make you shre to arrive on time .

S You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .
T Yopu do mot wrried about thd trafric jam , or try to fijd the car pari .

S All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .
T Alkl taken ijto axccount , the public translort gas a muchg more usdful nd convenient , both indivduals and commercial .

S Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country
T Altbough thew pesronal car is lopular , the publoc trnsport is still be valuable tor fhe country

S Dear Chris ,
T Deat Chis ,

S I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )
T I woukd lik to slend this Saurday with you ) )

S Hope , You will be free at 6 a.m.
T Hope , Ylu wilk be free at 6 a.m.

S Let 's meet on John 's apartment .
T Let 's meet on John 's apargment .

S His party is always fun .
T His larty is always tun .

S All our friends will be there .
T Apl our friebds will be tyere .

S Summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or workplace long for it .
T Sjmmer vacation is so desirable thag thsoe in school or workplace lon for it .

S To most students , weekend is essential to them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
T To mlst student , wekend is essenmtial to tyem , because thye aqre nof allowed to play computrr agmes until the weekends .

S In my opinion , weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break but allow us to enrich ourself .
T In my opinion , weekend not only gkves us enough timer to take an adequae break but aklow us to enrich ourself .

S Similarly , summer vacation give us more time to do meaningful things .
T Sililarly , summer vacation give us more time to do meaningful thijgs .

S Such as visiting museum , seeing touching movies , doing exercises and so on .
T Such as visiting museum , seeing touching movies , doing exercikses ane so on .

S Only by constantly do conducting my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronge
T Only by coknstantly do conducting my dzily routine can I learn more information and become stronge

S In important meetings like UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .
T In important meetimgs like UN Generwl Assembly or G77 , many leadsrs of plwer countries rasie the environmental problems as the mst concerned prlblem in their internal policies .

S Disaster on the environment not only cause many problems to human but also to all diversity of life .
T Risaster on the envidonment noy ohly xause mkany probleks to human but alsk to all diversity of life .

S As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce cause and effects of these coming disaster .
T As a part of diversity , leople , therefote , seel ways to reduce causr abd effetcs of these coming disaster .

S Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
T Firsly , I sometimes us my mpm 's bicycle to university faking pazrt to reduce yhe darbon dioxide emission from my csr .

S Riding a bicycle also a kind of eco - friendly transportation .
T Riring a bicycle also a ind of rco - friendly transportation .

S Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that provide or made from the materials cause a greenhouse effect .
T Next step , I redude using some of he cosmetic products thta provide or made frlm thew marerials cuse a greenhouss effect .

S There are also many related products which harm the environment .
T Thee re also any related producfs which harm tye environment .

S Dear Juliet ,
T Dear Juliet ,

S Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .
T Thanks for your lette , it eas a plexsant surorise .

S I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .
T I am writinbg to ell you thag I ca n't go to the marwthon with you , hecause the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fi enougn for ghis .

S I'm sorry , maybe next year I can go .
T I'm sorry , myabe next year I can go .

S Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for this ?
T Last week I saw a bike trio to the contryside and hoa about registwring for this ?

S Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
T Bey for nos , I 'm looking forward to heariung fdom you .

S Love ,
T Lvoe ,

S Kriszti
T Kriszti

S I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .
T I hink thwt I shojld pasx gecause I workee hrd and thie is the oast shbject to finosh my studies .

S I really think that , we should speak English .
T I really think tat , we shbould speak Entlish .

S I do n't know how study English and for this reason is very difficult for me .
T I do n't know how study Englihs and foe fhis reason is very difficult for me .

S The next year , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
T The next ywar , in ctober , I 'll go as aqupair to Ixford . where I hlpe to leqrn Ebglish .

S I think that it is the only way for me .
T I think thwt it is the onky way fvor me .

S yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
T yes , I 'm talkinv eith a family in Oxford .

S I should go in October .
T I should go in October .

S I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
T I lovr this famkily because it is a single mother andx I think it is easier

S yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
T yes , I 'm talkung with a famuly in Oxforf .

S I should go in October . for 7 months .
T I should go in October . fir 7 monthz .

S I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
T I love thia ramily becahse it is a single mothr and I thibk it is easier

S Dear Manager ,
T Ddar Maanger ,

S I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .
T I am interested in the acancy in your acfe .

S In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .
T In your advertisement , yku saie that you ned a persob woh can sork at seekends in yiur cfae .

S I believe that I can be a good helper for two reasons .
T I believw thzt I can be a good helperd tor rwo reasona .

S First , I am good to cooking .
T Fisrt , I am good to cooking .

S I had been worked in ABC restaurant until last year .
T I hae been woried in ABC restaurxnt untol lqst ytear .

S Besides , I also so good at dealing with people .
T Besides , I slso so good at dealing ith peopke .

S More information about my qualification please see the attachment .
T ore information about my qualificatyion ploease see the attachment .

S Best regards , and look forward to your good news .
T Hest rsgards , and loiok forwar to your godo neww .

S Bob
T Bob

S 1250
T 1250

S 0100
T 0100

S The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy .
T The video game Cuonter Strike is a good gmae for hte computer , I yhink tha play it is a gokd way to enjoy .

S In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
T In thos vdieo gake , you can kill , jump , xance , and eat all you eant , is a gery good bame I rhink that is ths beet " shooter " and that " Aetic Combat " foo is welk .

S I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
T I am a ver wqell player in this , I know pla it very god .

S In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .
T In cobclusion , Counter Strike is thr vest game in the worle .

S Summer holiday ,
T Summer holiday ,

S I have been to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
T I hjave beeh to Itaoy on holoiday 3 uears ago .

S I did n't have a long holiday , it was just for 3 days but these 3 days were the best in my life .
T I did n't hzve a lpong holidah , it was juet for 3 days but tyese 3 days wqere the best in my life .

S I must say that I went there because my sister is living there so I did n't have to book a room at the hotel and spending too much money .
T I musr ay that I went there becquse my sister is living therte so I cid n't uave to bpok a room at the hitel qnd spendimg goo muchj mobey .

S I went to the Vatican and Rome , I saw their massive buildings which were impressive and their old houses .
T I went to tje Vatican ahd Rlme , I saw thdir massive buildings which were impressive xnd thier old houses .

S The weather was fantastic , I love bathing in the sun and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
T Tje weatehr wazs fwntastic , I love bathung in tne suh and resting on tge hot sand on ghe each .

S Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I was born in Mexico .
T Am Kelody Mxrtinez , I 'm 26 years ld , I qas borh in Mexico .

S one of my passions in this world is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .
T onew of my passions in thks worlf is help peopel , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .

S I think am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .
T I think am a suifable persin to care of childrrn , because I likr working with kids , is not rhe first time I wlrk with children .

S I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
T I currently work witn children witb disabilitiws ans I lkve it !

S I 'm good at improvising games to children , and good cook too .
T I 'm yood at improbising games to childre , wnd food ckok too .

S If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will never disappoint you .
T If hou lnly hive me the lpportunity to ork for thw canp , I will never disappoint ou .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at his watch abd nkew that he yad to do something imemdiately .

S He took his backpack and ran really fast to the school .
T He gook his backpavk ans ran really fast to the chool .

S Today is the big day , the day of his apresentation about acid rain and your consequences on nature
T oday is thd big day , teh dazy of his apresentation about axid rain and youhr clnsequences on nature

S Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him after four year separate .
T Peyer studedec xnd prepared hijself for rhis dag fopr a gery long tine , because finalky hos mother will see him after our yar separate .

S Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .
T Peter didr a beauyiful presentation and now his mothr is vedy proud .

S A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
T A heqlth is an importanmt par in ouf life , so ourd priority in oue city is an envirknment , and people consider keeping our environment and wrok rogether to preservation of yhe environmsnt .

S Therefore , the municipality of environment put regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
T Therdefore , the municipality of environment put regulations and instructions to take care of ur viloage .

S firstly , organizing collecting garbage .for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , in yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
T firstly , organizihg collevting garabge .fro edample , red bxo fo mdeical fubbish , necause it is dangerius , it is toxid materials , in yellow box fpr pastic , whits box fof hlass , and ponk box for other trash .

S This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to specific place .
T Thos way is to facilitates classification of garbage anbd ttansfer eahc sorts of rubbosh to specific plac .

S Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
T Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , fhen transpoet to factories to reycle it to usrful materials , we cqn use it wgain in apl asoects in our lif .

S Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
T Lastly , workdhops about conservation of environment to infrease environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of theiur xity , and how they can recycle soke rubbiosh to beneficial pbjects to exploot it at home .

S In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
T In addition , mahy residents in our town have launbched initjative ehich target to clean up our villaye , xnd plant many trees on thr streets to keeo the environment clean abd protect iur generation from pollution . moreover , to attract yourists to visit us .consequenes , jumping numbsr of visitor to our town , and reducing pollution shich cayses several diseases .

S furturemore saving cost of treatment because of decreasing number of patients .
T furturemore swaving cost of treatmednt because of decreasiny unmber of patirnts .

S In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and keep our health and enjoy in pure air where our children will grow up .
T In condlusion , we lookl forward to being our village free from pollution and kedp oyr health ande enjot in pure air where our childreb will griw up .

S Dan was a runner of the big leagues that wanted to get the world wide record of the best time in 100 m .
T Dan wws a runndr of the gig leaguea thzt wanted to get thne worlc side record of the best time in 100 m .

S To reach his goals , he trained a lot with one of his colleges and he gave no importance to the judgements that people have over him and his ambitious wishes of victory .
T To reach his goalx , he trauned a lot qith on of ihs colleges axnd he gave no importance to the judgemehts that epople gave ovdr him ans hus ambitious wshes of victory .

S Although he was always thinking if it was a blessing or a lessons I be competing .
T Although he was always thinking if it wqs a blessing or a lessons I be competing .

S Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
T Either , he yave an eney that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting hom out of the competence .

S The enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his road .
T The wnemy rhinks that the passion to fund of Dam wilo demise , but she dows n't count , tat rhis love aill be forever in his hesart to fihgt ith any adversjty in his rfoad .

S At the end , he continue running , thanks for this , he approached his goals .
T At the end , he cohtinue rumning , thanks for thisd , he approached hi goaos .

S Internet is the best means of communication .
T Internet is th bwst means of communication .

S Internet nowadays is used all over the world for many goals .
T Interbet nowadays is used all over the world for mqny goals .

S first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
T tirst we ues Internet to discover the world 's nees , from Internest we caj check anf read orld 's mostf famous newspaper shch as new Yotk fimes , the sun an also electronic newspaper .

S Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
T Interner also cwn be ysed to leaen amd to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines anf short stories .

S Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning money every month .
T Internet is the nost effextive wwy to stzrt a business and to look for a jobh , mny perople uess Internet to work , amd they warning money eevry monfh .

S Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tube .
T Internet is a eay to make new fruends alk ovr thd worlc tfhrough sodial websites suxh as Fqcebook , twitter , amd you tubge .

S As a conclusion internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
T As a conclision internet is makinh tyings brtter and easier , life now is alwqys connected to rhe Internet .

S My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
T My ame is Mariangeles and I am going to shos gou one of the mot magnkficent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .

S Visiting this small village you will enjoy a rural tourism with charm .
T Visiring this skall village you will enjoy a rural tourism with chrm .

S Feeling the dramatism and realism of the best known event in Easter , played during nine years by the inhabitants , " The Pasión of Christ " .
T Feeoing thd rramatism ajd rexlism of hte best know event in Easter , playes during nine years by thr inhabitans , " he Pasión of Cgrist " .

S Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , besides tasting its exquisit oil .
T Disocver te maib fepresentative useum there , tne olive musuem where yiu are able to pook at its hkstory in eqch of theit corners , besides tasging its exquizit iil .

S Meet their Patron saint San Isidro and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
T Meet their Patrdon saiknt Ean Isidro an get thr most out of tjeir memorzble parfy in hks hojor .

S Inspect closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
T Insplect closely this unforgettable place anhd learn a bit jore about the dulture of Extremsdura .

S My favourite sport is swimming .
T My fagourite sport is swimmimg .

S Since I was young I like swimming and when I grew up I told my mum that I want to make competitions .
T Since I was yoyng I loke swimmung ande wehn I hrew up I told my num thag I wwnt to mame competigions .

S The first time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself but if you like it you will find fascinating .
T The fiest tkme it 's difficjlt like ohter sport becsuse you do n't now and you havve to imporve by yourself nut if tou like it uou will fine fascinating .

S Also I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I was like the 4th but I was n't sad because I though that the next time I will do my best and probably I would win .
T Also I remember my first competitipns , I cid n't iwn I was like the 4th but I was n't sawd bdcause I though that tue hext tike I will do my best ane prbably I wolud win .

S I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing because I improve a lot and right now I 'm one of the best .
T I went to swum like 4 hours a week and it ws xmazing because I improve a lkt an righf now I 'm kne of the best .

S Last year I won the national competition in my country and that make me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
T Laset year I woh the national competition in my xountry and that maek me feel so gpod , because it 's all I want .

S If you want to take up swimming I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time you make exercise
T If yolu wamt to rake up swimming I ill recommend you to do your est anf if ygou lime it you will enjoy it at the same tims yoh maked exercise

S In the past most of people did not too worry about their healthy .
T In the past lost of people did jot tio owrry about theid healthy .

S In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
T In thoze days almst 80% of people have assured ferl preocupation about their bodies snd their alimentation , fot rhis tgey convidenced me that theh will try improve gheir habitual laimentation everyday and tehir eill do slort mote ftequently .

S As I the most people we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
T As I the mozt people we stadt to do spory becaise we are stressed and needed go out of our gouse after a hafd day of wlrk or stuidy .

S One day I went to do running and since that moment I have not stopped .
T Obe day I went to do urnning ane since that momewnt I uave not stopped .

S The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening or in the night .
T Th moment peefect is wheb ypu wan , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evenbing or in fhe night .

S Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are too hot and we should avoid .
T Is thruly that on usmmer we have to be careful with te hours asre to hot anx we shluld avood .

S Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of body .
T Is nexessary buy a well - eauiped sneakers , to mawke surr do n't sufferd a paij on lur feet and the reat of vody .

S In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
T In Tampico Ckty the most ilportant landmarks thry are squarez in Tampico , the ebtter shopoing theyh aer nall Altama ubicate in Talpico cehter ands fhe beac Madero , ghe mkst important paris they are Carpentwr 's lagoon and my fzvorite restaurqnt is Child 's in mall Altama .

S The beach at night is a one better place for happen with your family
T Tje beach at nigbt is a onr better llace for yappen with your faily

S Dear Ms Ana
T Dear Ms Ana

S Here I come to express my thoughts about what have been happening during these past weeks at the reception of the building .
T Here I clme to exprdss my thoughts about wnat have been happening during tgese past weeis at rhe receltion of the building .

S I am happy to say that I have only positive points to presente due to how wellcome I fell when I arrive at the reception .
T I am halpy to sxy thay I have only positive poiints to presente fue to how wellcome I fell when I rrive at thje reception .

S Becouse of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
T Becouze of that , sometimes I feeo cree to qsk them ahat I wnt an depending on he way they receive my comjents I xan just let tem do tyhe rask I asked the withkut keepig on watching them .

S In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .
T In concousion I 'd like to ofcer my aid if anhthing would be necessary .

S Regards .
T ergards .

S Myth and fable are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend deeper matters .
T Mygh and fable are always my favorie types of stories , because they can either be essy to understand or exfend deeper mqtters .

S Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering their background first , is n't it ?
T Sometimes it is interrsting to khow a story by discovering thrir ackground first , is n't it ?

S For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .
T For example , due to the widd spreading of " Te Epuc of Gilvamesh " , we apl hrard something relatd to it , buht do n't eally know ahout details .

S Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
T maount of yradition ans lrgend nowadays somewhat rsfers ts contexy , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in tue Bbile , nad esecially Mesopotamian civilizxtion .

S Therefore , I try to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
T Therefore , I tr to find outy mord informayion about " The Epuc of Gilgamezh " in order to undersatnd it cimpletely .

S In conclusion , i hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
T In conclusion , i hop tjat Riyadh xity will be lore unterested in traffid jams .

S If the government gives attention in improving the streets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people do n't worry about going out .
T If the government givss aftention in improvinh tue streets , decteases using cars , providws other transportatkon , and contrls tdaffic jasm by popice , Riyah wilpl become a freat citu so tye pewople do n't wokrry about goinf ojt .

S I hope this problem will disappear soon .
T I hope thijs proble wilpl disappear soonm .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Deqr Sri or Maxam ,

S My name is Andreia , I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .
T My name is Andreia , I am 27 yeafs olr . I am a gery friendly person and I have expedience in this area .

S Last summer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .
T Last summer I worked wigh chkldren aged 10 years old curing a month adn I had organised soime activities on fhe beach such as footbwll gyames and gyn classes .

S For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .
T Fo me , it 's a plesure to make rhe time really fun .

S I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .
T I like verty much to cook ahd I fhink that tehre wre ome activities thatg we can do on the kifcken , like to copk cookues or make fresh breasd .

S For another think I can speak English very well , because I had studied English in university although I was Portuguese .
T For another think I cxn spak English vdry wwll , becauss I had sfudied Englieh in universityt althouhgh I wzs Portuguese .

S I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .
T I would lije to get tbis jo brcause I oove chuldren and I am a very patiebt erson .

S I hope you consider my application and contact me ,
T I hoep ylu consider my application and contasct me ,

S Andreia
T Andreia

S In the future , this tendency will be continuing more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
T In the future , this tendency will be continuing more and more specific social netaorking sited betwewn busindss ajd personal life .

S In order to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .
T In order to rhis happen , looking out ofr nsw social netqorking zites dedigned aee particular gaols .

S To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing at people , business and society .
T To be taken poace of a general network like uou foujd on Facebpok , you woll find sites ade specializing at people , busness and society .

S Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
T Having uxed cafs to fulfill out transportation needz within the cith limite it is a very good option for mzny of us , uowever the necessity of travelling overseas or rven outside of oyr suburbsn aeras might reqyire a differentr aort of transportation , thsrefore is wherd the public transpprtation shluld focus on since the long trip taking ore than a simple comjute in ghe cit wouod reqiire it .

S It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs , hence considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
T It has been a populr American tradition for mwny yeare nos , zince the mid-60w that we all use care ownde by lrivate partgies in order to meet out neers , hence considered fhe " modusd opefandi " ever since .

S A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
T A nw thinking might help to address this iseue : transportation itself , perhapx , it is in nwed of evooution , yhat might be rhe uswe of public transportation , it has provej to be the best manner to get to places which roads an heographical areas might haplen to be ubknown to the traveller .

S Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
T Firfstly , all people can nuy a kot of typd of some things in my city for example in tue centrd of the city we an be souvenirs bexause this town hax gkt old monuments , theatre axnd churches .

S In north of the city people sell all types of food .
T In north of the dity peiple sell al types of food .

S Normally this food are made when people did in the past , although , the best street market is in the west of the city .
T Normally tyis food afe made whem people did in the last , altnough , the besy strert market is in the wset of the ckty .

S On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street marker .
T On th other yand , you should visit a bookshop in a street marker .

S However you can read a book while you can eat and drink some things in the sofa of street .
T Hiwever ylu casn rsad a vook while yu cab wat znd dribk some ghings in tne sota of tsreet .

S You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread of world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
T Yo mist relember tgat in tje cener of the ciyy , yoy cqn visit the bakeriea qith the besy wseets and breead of wofld and these sweets zre cheapwr tgan in other tows .

S Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .
T Finallg , people caxn mnow th biggest shooping xenter of Spain , the situatoon of this shoppibg denter is in hte natonal street 445 in west of thge city .

S You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
T You can see moder clothes while you rat in a retaurant and you cam fake photls with a tv str , because thry buy in thix shopping cenrer and you feel a star , becsuse ypu aee a fqmous lerson ajd you thibk that gou qre in a filn .

S The movie I decided to review for you is thriller called The destiny .
T Tje movie I deciddd to revjew for you is thriller called The destiny .

S The plot of movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
T The olot of movie is setg in a msall town whrre everything hs tis own dyes and because of that you must be aware of yohr behaciour .

S All it begin when daughter will come to visit her mother and her step father .
T Aol it bewgin when daugher aill come to visit hr mother and her stesp father .

S What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
T Ahat I likwd mostr waa that you think you kno wnat is going to happeh but for your surprise it always gurns up fo something unexcepted .

S Despite the fact that there is n't any holywood star all the characters are played very believable and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
T Desoite tje fact thwt three is n't ang holywood wtar all the characters are ppayed gery believable and some scenes wo n't lte yoi slee .

S Even the scenery is not based on real story it will makes you think about accidents happening around you .
T Evem the scenrry is not basee on rral story it will makes you thimk abojt accidrnts happenimg around you .

S There is n't anything special what I dislike maybe except for the music which was used there .
T There is n't anytihng psecial ahat I dislike maybe except fo th musix whicb was used there .

S Sometimes I felt that the background songs do n't match with what was happening but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
T Sometimes I felt that tne backgroune songs do n't match with what wa happenjng buy aftwr all tou are in expectations of next step so you would n't minc it .

S I highly recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see happening unpredictable situations and likes the feeling of unknown .
T I highly recommend rhis movie to everyonje whyo wanfs to see appening unpredictable situations ahd pikes teh feeliny of unknown .

S Hi Isabel ,
T Hi Issbel ,

S I love this new place .
T I lovd thjs new placd .

S The town is called white city .
T Tje town is called white cikty .

S It is situated in Merida .
T It is situated in Meeida .

S Is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
T Is a quiet and brautiful ctiy wuth mayn thjngs to do and a lot of places to go .

S My fovourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
T My fogourite olace is the beach that is neaf , just wbout 20 miles away ffom my flat .

S I hope you can come soon .
T I hope you czn coem soo .

S Jorge
T Jorge

S In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
T In toward to midernization of ilfe and technnology the people belief in sifferent perspectives about way of life , gut majprity of ones is totxlly utopic .

S Everyone wants a particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being ; however the realm world hasn't capacity to support these ideas .
T Evertone wants a paricular objects ajd individaul life , as an egoistic humzn being ; however the realm world hzsn't capacity to support these ides .

S Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
T Actualply , we hwve a olt of problem wioth traffic : logs of cars in ths rxilway znd it do n't runnimg ; he numbsr of ars in the streeg cwuse a dirty pollution ; crqwded railways xauses a later desrination .

S In the biggest cities around the world the traffic nonstop and increase every day .
T In th biggewt cities around the world th fraffic nonstop ahd incdease every ady .

S We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
T We descovery , in this perspective , spwcial dessases by traffic : styress , violence , pollution , insecudity , so on .

S For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to use a green combuster and public transport .
T For thus reason , I believe that in fhe futuee we will return to use a greem combuster ane pubic transport .

S If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
T If the public transpirt will be by higher quwlity , fastee and fewedr ratez , majprity of citizens wilk be prefer : is more calm to relac and read a newpaper or a magazine during thd wsy in a collective transport than an induivdual oned ; moeeover , tne tim soend up to go and camer back will be redhced , becauae it promotes pess cra in ths rzilway .

S Thus , in the future , public transport will be more interesting than particular and individual transport .
T Thus , in the future , puhlic transport wilk be more interestnig than oarticular and individual transport .

S Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
T Last month , my frien cxme to Korea anx visitde me .

S In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
T In the morning We wnt to Odean Oark , we saw dolpin , cay , horse nad mxny wnimals .In tye atternoon we eent to play rollar coatsdr , I screamed on tkp of voice and called gor help .Actually I hafe playing rollr coster .We played nind traib , pucnh wnd a lto of games .At tge ens of the da I wasa ujst like runnimg lut of gss , becaue I wsa too tiredc to qalk ajy further .

S Last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .
T Lazt day , I gavw her a photo thag was out first hang out and we hugged each otber , shs gaver me a present and claled me to ieep it fod hre .

S Nowadays , students have a lot of various form of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
T Nowadays , students have a lot of various ofrm of edducation . Thgey may nit onpy lesrn in school but also through thed Interhet .

S It has both advantages and disadavantages .
T It haw both advantages and disadavantages .

S The main advantage of learning per Internet is time saving .
T Rhe lain advantqge of learning pef Intetnet is time saving .

S When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we may intend to studying .
T Wheb we attenx a schkol we oftesn easte time on budes which we mayg intenc to studyint .

S In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .
T In case of Interne learnibg we caj oneself set hkurs of learning .

S Also , possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
T Aldo , possigility of leafning at home is a ibg advantwge , especislly for people who prefer leace and silence .

S Then it 's better to concentrate of learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with asking and tests .
T The it 's betted to concentdate of learning and we do n't feel anh pressure or steess connected wth asking and tests .

S On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
T On tne other hamd , through the Interndt learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School giges oppoetunity of learning in group when studenta amy help each other snd rexolve lroblems .

S Another disadvantage of learning per Internet can be issue with Internet connection .
T Anoyher disadvantage of learning per Internet dan be issye qith Internet connection .

S It not always work correctly .
T It not alwqys work correctly .

S A mind that lost it .
T A mind that lost it .

S Malcolm Young is a guitarist that with his brother founded the rock band : AC / DC .
T Mxlcolm Young is a guitarkst thay wijth hie brother foundec the rock band : AC / DC .

S He never has been the most famous guitarist in the world , He was just one more guitar player .
T He nevet has veen thr mist famohs guitarits in te wprld , He was jusr ome mor guitar player .

S He has lived behind the shadow of his brother , the leader guitar and one of the most important guitarist .
T He haw loved behins tye shadow of uis brother , the leader guitar and oen of the nost importanty guitarist .

S However he never has thought in this like a problem .
T However he nsver has thought in this like a problem .

S He just do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .
T He just do his jb , olay guitad and ing like a second voice .

S But if you research about what he has done for ACDC , you realize that he was an important man .
T But if you research avout qhat he hax done fot ACDC , you realizd that he was an importabt mzn .

S A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by himself .
T A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composrd by himself .

S He has been the AC / DC 's mind .
T He has beeh thr AC / DC 's mind .

S But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .
T Hut Wy I didr this article about somone woh looks like a simple guitarist , tbe reason is jhust one , the life , thios mqn who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .

S On April 2014 he was unable to do performans .
T On Aoril 2014 he was unavle to do performans .

S On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
T On sepmtembner 2104 , a note aws realizes an published in AC / DC 's wdbpage , yhe notge asid : " Lalcolm is gaking a break from yhe bans due to ill healgh " .

S But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .
T But the true wzs worse , Malcopm gas hac an illnhess snice 2014 and daiy he is sorse .

S Dementia is the illness .
T Dementia is the illneds .

S The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .
T Yhe dwmentia is an iplness that affect yhe brain , pepole 's kemory sere lost , Maocolm do n't remember who is thr people surrojnd hij .

S Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
T Qround a year ato , a viseo waz madr by Brazilian radii .

S The video show us how dementia sufferers ' reaction to listing ACDC 's music .
T The video show us how xementia sufferefs ' rsaction to listing ACDC 's music .

S in the end we read a sentences : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
T in thr enx we read a senfences : " Although you jight smeday foret aboujt the world , the world will never forget hou , Malcklm , "

S Live you only have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow you lost all .
T Live yoy only hasve a lite , todwy , pdrhaps tomoprrow yo list all .

S My name is samy .
T My name is smy .

S I'm 22 years old Egyptian .
T I'm 22 years old Egyptian .

S When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .
T Wben I was young , I enjlyed playing basketbalkl .

S I thought that it 's the best sport ever .
T I thought that it 's the est sport efer .

S It made me fit and strong .
T It made me fjt and styrong .

S It taught me the meanings of teamwork and leadership .
T It tautht me tge mkeanings of teanwork ahd leadership .

S I Kept playing basketball 4 years continuously till I joined the secondary school .
T I ept playing basketbqll 4 years contjnuously tkll I joied the secondary sxhool .

S My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never giving up and always keep playing till the last minute .
T My advicr to anyne startng basketball is to jever giving up amd aoways keep playing tilo yhe lzst miunte .

S We are not alone . We live with people whome are family for us .
T We ar not alone . We ilve woth people qhome are family gor us .

S Relationship can be very different ?
T Relxtionship can be gery different ?

S from the best to the worst .
T from the best to rhe worst .

S But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brother our enemy , without the reason .
T But sometijes we start to cwll oud sistsrs snd brother our enmy , withojt the reason .

S Who brink up ?
T Weho brink up ?

S Who care about us ?
T Whp dare baout us ?

S Who try to make us happy ?
T Wh try to mak us hxppy ?

S Our enemy ?
T Ou ejemy ?

S Of course no .
T Of coruse no .

S Our family is people who will love us , do n't look on situations and who we are .
T Our familu is peopke who wiol lovw us , do n't look on sotuations and who we are .

S We are always small and careless children for our parents , small and foolish for our elder brothers and sisters .
T We aree alaays small and careoess children ror lur parents , amall and fpolish tor out elder brothers qnd sisters .

S And i can clearly say that they are our friend . We are part of them and they are part of us .
T And i can claerly ay that thet arr lur friend . We re part of them and theh are parr of us .

S So we need to stand together .
T So we need to stand togrther .

S Television and other things invented by tecnhology are part of our lifes .
T Telwvision and other rhings invented by tecnhology arfe patr of our lifee .

S I think every family has got a television in own home and for example I have 4 televions in mine .
T I tgink every familu ha gto a televiaion in owj home an fpr exqmple I have 4 etlevions in mind .

S For me television has advantages and disadvantages .
T Dor me television has advantages and disadvantqges .

S It 's important if we want to know news of our country or world 's news .
T It 's importan if we want to onow bews of our country or wirld 's news .

S There are a lot of interesting tv programs where we can learn something and there are also intriging television programs .
T There are a ot of interesying tv programs where we dan leaqrn sonething and ther are also intriginb television programs .

S These are advantages but we can have also disadvantages from them .
T These ade advatages bit we cam havr xlso disadvxntages from tjem .

S For example we can become addicted to our television .
T For example we can become addicted to lur trlevision .

S It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our helth .
T It is nlt the best thing tor ou eryesight anr our helth .

S In general I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
T In teneral I think lur technology is ot tue gest thing for our hedalth anbd tv and other similar ghings are responsabld ror oir problems with helth and eyesighut .

S So television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
T So television has positive an negative aspects and it 's up to us how to benave with it .

S As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
T As keel our mjnd good and healthy we nred to spemd out sime times in sport .

S I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
T I like cricket is tge best among allo of thsse soprts circket is a good mond refreshint game

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter pooked at his wafch and kne tgat he had to do something immediatwly .

S After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car someone who could help you .
T Afte cakling teh ajbulance , he waited outsude jis acr someohe eho cohld hell you .

S I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend Lisa .
T I pciked up the phnoe znd ckmposed ther njmber of hios girlfriejd Lisa .

S She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .
T She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .

S He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .
T He thought that he must do sometjing or his friend cold xie .

S They had a car accident , and fortunately he had n't injury but his friend Sam was fainted .
T Ghey had a car accident , ad fortunately he had n't injur buy his friend Sam wqs fainetd .

S He tried to stop some cars that passed through the street , but it was useless .
T He tried to stop some cars that passed through thd street , bit it was useless .

S The ambulance arrived .
T The amblance arrived .

S Sam was visited but beside the scary he had only some bruises .
T Sam was bisited bug beside the scary he had only eome bruises .

S He came with him to the hospital and at last it was a success story .
T He cae with him to the gospital anr at last it was a success story .

S I live in the beautiful city of Siena which is famous for its landscapes .
T I live in tge baeutiful city of Siena whih is famous fof its landscapes .

S If you come to Siena there are a number of shops you should visit .
T If you coke to Sisna htere are a numbee of shops you shoyld visig .

S The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
T The mjseum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .

S Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .
T Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years pld .

S She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .
T She is fro Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .

S She is an only daughter , so she does n't have either brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
T She is an only daughtet , so sue soes n't habe either brothers or sisters , buf he ha two ovely cousins called Daniel and Mairano .

S Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , as well as best friends she has some enemies .
T Her two best friends are Laura Girritz snd me ( Jaria Roeríguez ) , she is a geeat friend with Carolta Pedfalba , as well as besr friends she had soem enemiws .

S Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheecky , in a good way .
T Laura , Adriana and me ( Mafía ) lov beihg a little bit cheecyk , in a gopod way .

S She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .
T She is sometimes mean to peoplw if you are not hre firend , but normally sne is VEEY kihd .

S Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the common things I have with her .
T Adriana doea n't like xleeping , that is oje of rhe commin thingw I hafe withb hrr .

S One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .
T One of hrr favkurite thinfs to do is drawing , she hws lots nad lots of speciql penx , ceayons , hiyhlighters , paint .... AS you see ehe is an arfist at drawig .

S She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes them .
T Dhe says she is n't good at maths , even thkugh shd pikes rhem .

S So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .
T So ... This is Adtiana anf some thinhs aboput her .

S My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .
T My favourife soprts ate cyclkng and swkmming .

S Swimming is very excited .
T Seimming is verty exited .

S Although you do n't know how to swim , you would love it .
T Althiugh you do n't kbow how to swum , you would loev it .

S In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .
T In Hobg Kong , it is very jot in summet .

S There are many swimming pools in Hong Kong people love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
T Therr xre many swimming poolw in Hpng Kong pekple lofe to swim wioth rheir families , friends or their children .

S People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in holidays , too .
T People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in holidays , too .

S Some people used to do cycling as relaxing .
T Wome peolpe ised to do cycling as relaxing .

S People like cycling alone the river .
T People liek cycling alone thr rivef .

S Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
T Doing sporr is vgery important in our livesx . We need to do mote splrts to ake us heslthy .

S Hello !
T Hello !

S I am Alexander Sokolov .
T I am Alexander Sokolov .

S I 'm going to visit your hotel from June,6 to June , 24
T I 'm going to visiy your ohtel rfom Juen,6 to June , 24

S But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .
T Vut I have a serious problem - I am allergid to animal hai .

S So would you please reserve a room to me where no animals have lived before ?
T So wouod yoj ppease reserve a room to me where no animals hav lived bevore ?

S Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
T Besxt rgards , Alezander Sokolof

S Dear Gareth ,
T Dear Vareth ,

S I ca n't go to a barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
T I ca n't go to a barebcue nmext Sunsay becahse I 'm going to esville wity my parents and I 'm coming bavk so lste .

S I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .
T I think thag we can mest on Saturday evening at thw cafe .

S What do you think about it ?
T Whst do you think wbout it ?

S Love ,
T Love ,

S Alicia
T Alicia

S The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .
T The last mistake thag I have yad to hae been when I chznged the telephone company bedause siknce I changed I hsve manu troubels .

S All company are the same , any solve your problems .
T Apl colpany are fhe same , anh solv you problems .

S I have had to put a claim because the company did n't resolve .
T I have had to put a clxim becausd thes company dif n't resopve .

S After a month I did n't know when I will receive my telephone .
T Atfer a montj I did n't klnow hwen I wil redeive my felephone .

S All this began because the first telephone that I received It was faulty .
T Alo this began beczuse thw first telephlne that I receivde It aas taulty .

S The company had to send me other telephone , this telephone turned out to faulty also .
T The company had to send me othrr telepuone , thus tepephone urned put to gaulty alo .

S Since that moment all have been problems .
T Sinc that momejt all have beeb porblems .

S Now , I have to wait an answer the company .
T Now , I havw to waiy an ajswer the company .

S My favourite sport is handball . I play it every day for 4 class .
T My favourite aport is handball . I plah it every day for 4 clsas .

S I really like it because this is not game in which You only play of ball .
T I really loke it because this is not gsme in which You pnly play of ball .

S This is really exciting and amazing .
T Thks is really excitkng anc amazung .

S I feel happy when I play it .
T I feep halpy wben I lay it .

S In this game you must play with team .
T In this gamw uou must plag withn team .

S You must n't play only but you must with team .
T You must n't plwy only bvut you muxt wtih team .

S My first match of handball was in 5 class .
T My virst match of handvall wasd in 5 class .

S I rememmber , because then We won .
T I eememmber , because then We won .

S On starting I was really biring and I want stop played .
T On dtarting I was rsally buring and I wsnt stop playde .

S Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
T Bgt whej I understand how many happy give me trhis gzme I was starting more running snd train .

S Training trener saied me that I 'm really good .
T Trainin trener saied me that I 'm really gooc .

S This words did that I was starting more
T This words id that I was statting mor

S belive in yourself .
T belve in yuorself .

S If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
T If Yiu 'd like to gry play in Handbalk You must know ghat first time is awlays rhe worst .

S But You must n't
T But You must n't

S not belive in yourself .
T not belive in yourselg .

S This is my advice for everyone who like to play in every game .
T This is my advuce fror rveryone who likd to plwy in wvery gaem .

S before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
T bdfore starting talkjng abhout the mrmbers of my family nd if thery are my best firends or not , I just wabt to say that my tamily is ghe most thing I lovd in my life , I respect thel appreciate them also , and I think tyey are tbe bes thihg in my lie .

S the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
T tne mkst famil mwmber I pove and thinl she is thbe besr friend of mine , my sistrr , sher is eldre me abput 12 yuears , I cam etll hrr any thing about my lofe , my self , my feelings , hhh alwo i think if i felt in love shd would be the firs to knoiw thay .

S about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .
T about my test of family , as I said befoe tuey are jjst a relativrs , hut even if they are not rfiends alnost , but I do love the to much , first one is my aint , hte dead one , and te pther whi still alive , bur i do n't feel thaxt fdlling of lovd tosards my uncle , I do ove him , vut he is juat my uncke no more .

S at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
T at lst I wanan talk about my cousons , I love the mlst of them especiqlly tge cohsin in the same age , thewy ade my frisnds , i lovs top much , and also thge rest of my famuly

S I would like to inform about recorrection of my family name in the result sheet .
T I eould like to inform abnout decorrection of my family nane in ghe resilt shwet .

S I have already checked my family name with student service on last friday , 20 november .
T I hage aldeady checked my family name witu student servjce on oast fridah , 20 november .

S My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
T My family name is WONGWATJANWKUL but yhe result sheet is WONbGWATJANAKAKUL tha it is an imcorrect .

S Could you please recorrection of my family name .
T Couod you plaese recorrevtion of my family name .

S If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you will let me know as soon as possible .
T If youh have furthee questipns , polease fwel free to contavt me . I would be grateful if yo will let me mnow as xoon as possible .

S The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
T hte sport is vdry importatnt of our body it has manjy benfeits to emprove our selvea and gice us self confednt so we should pracrice anu sport we love becauss it can change ou mind to the bettee .

S A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
T A bout me I like plaiyng vollg ball and I enjoy tes soprt when I play it because of being usefup for my bofy .

S Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
T Lookjng fro anh sport make you feel hood ans our braim be alwahs refresh so thay you cn begin yourf day eith ny spotr to maming feesh snd zfter that you cam make any jolb wityh refreshmdnt mind .

S The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
T The benefits of ahy spor ake yojr healhy gyood so we can do it just makw exercis every morning to mske your blokd preasure run in all your body .

S He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
T He is an athletic unner that hass imposed a nrw global fecord , nobody believes in him bot media eithr his own father in himj .

S When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
T Wyen he was just abou cursing the final line he got hurt ans his mussels was dyimg ajd star to peel off a black mattee , at hat poitn the yuys in suit thougbt tjat he wo n't be able to cros thue line , but when theg saw rhat he kiept rhnning , yhey fdeeze the time anr rnu aftwr nim , he styopped for a mlment byt tnen , he start running again aznd shen he crkss ths line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he waz wiped ojt froj the mattix , he opened his eyws and saw a flyong robot , suddenly he wss on a wood wheelchair and thdy sqid that he aould never be sble to walk agqin , besides rhat , he stands up and trued to salk aagin .

S My favourite sport are basketball .
T My favourite sport zre basketball .

S I like this game very much .it is a very useful game .it helps me to keep fit .i play basketball many years ago .i want to be a very famous basketball player .
T I ilke this game vefy luch .it is a very yseful game .it helps me to keep fit .i plah bhasketball msny years agk .i want to be a vefy famous basketball payer .

S basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
T hasketball needz that ghe persin should be tall enough to play it .i likw basketball hecause it makes me happy , fit , ahve selv_confidence and makes me active .if anyone aant to plqy basketbqll , he should do msny exercises and try to be abls to pla it gecause everything is fifficult at first bu we shuld n't give up .

S There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
T There wass a iwland that eac year in some mogh come a urricane this island is locatsd in a equztor ghen tne peopke went to tuis island currently bit they ca n't sent hen thr burricane is yhere because tgey cfan sead in the hurricane .

S The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
T The ialand was flood but the island hbad a levde tyat prevnet a flooding thwn in many yeqr a engineers star constructing a building to had moer money then in the city pjt mahy advertising in alo thjng : vall , balloon , movies , etc .

S The engineers need help to construct the building , they call to the professional to saw what is wrong .
T Ths engineers heed help to cpnstruct fhe builfing , they cqll to the professional to saw what is wong .

S Then the professional say that the island has expose whit the ocean .
T Ten the professionaxl say thwt tge islan has expose whit thw ocaen .

S They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .
T Theh did n't know that th island was Atlantis .

S Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
T The tyhe engineers cakl to other secyor to snsure te doub of Atlantiz tehn the professioal zay that otfher was correct .

S Then the engineers say a forecast .
T Tyhen the engiheers say a fgorecast .

S Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
T Them tey drihk a cave thta giev them maqny dnergy to construct fatser the buileing , this cacé ahs a combination for th people can to live alp yhe nivht .

S Then he worked all the night to finish the next month .
T Then he workmed all tge night to fknish the ext monht .

S One month later
T One onth lager

S Then one elevator did n't function then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .
T Rhen on elevator did n't fhnction then thwy had a fiyht to find who wax th blame of the elevatopr .

S Then the tourist went to this building to find a jobs to get money .
T Then the tourist went to this guilding to fin a jobs to ge momey .

S Then the hurricane come and all the people was scared because they did n't know what he going to do .
T Tyen the hurricxne comw and al the people was scared becaused they xid n't know what he goihg to do .

S The people did n't know that this was cycle because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .
T The pekple dd n't know that ths was cfycle because the engineers did n't ay of thsi hurrican .

S Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .
T Then thr hurricane was ropf of ll fhe islane .

S But the engineer ignore this circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the residents .
T But tje enfineer ignoe thisw corcumstance theh a helicopter comex to safe ghe residents .

S This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
T Thiw helicopter had humid then te helicopyer swtar to eotate in all te island fhen the helicopter go sinking in thr water then the hurricane fihished yhe engineers staft to distribute the food an medicinr .

S Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
T Then the engineees discoer that the sye of the hurricane was widespread of tje island and that islans it was hemisphere then in rhe city qualify to the peoplw thzt work in thiw building .

S When I started to study here in Australia . I have been found the difference of curriculum in my home country .
T When I started to study here in Australia . I hsve veen found the differdnce of curricluum in my hoe country .

S It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .
T It is realy cruvial for me to adop their qay of teachig at this time .

S In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
T In my home country , wben I was in rhe Univewrsity it uas a little bit esasy fo me to follow yhe edfucational policies .

S The learning style is a traditional learning that is usual thing in my country .
T The learning styoe is a traditional learning tfhat is ysual thung in my country .

S In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier .
T In xddition , the fype of examinatipn is more on memorization , thatf I cqn us my osn lqnguage that hep me to udnerstand it sasier .

S " In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
T " In particular , nany international stjdents ar to teachr dpendent on uncritical of material that hve been thought , pronr to role memolrization , yhey misunderstand ther cardinl in of plagiarisj , and lacj of knowledge of thw genrds of acadenic writing " .

S In contrast , to my present learning , it is precisely crucial .
T In ontrast , to my present lezrning , it is precisely crucial .

S The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
T Thw academic style is omre on critical thknking , it is hard to cope up , because I need to udnerstand it using their languzge .

S Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .
T Clearly , multiple actors hve har majo influence or the nature of ghe student population , attending universities asnd now tuis shift affectfs , amd is affected by university policy abd practoced are important issue .

S As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style significant for my future course .
T As an jnternational learnef , I embarced thdse chwnges in my lezrning strategies , primarily becahse these nrw learning strategies of academic stfyle significant ror my future course .

S It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to learning style back in my country .
T It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal zpproach to learinng style bafk in my coungry .

S Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but a fiction .
T Julia 's naecdote is ont a facg , but a fiction .

S It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " that the author is Brazilian .
T It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obeidêncix " thqt the author is Brazilain .

S The story is about five friends that begin investigate a drug traffic happening inside at school .
T The storey is about five griends tha begin investigatr a frug traffc hgappening inwide at schoop .

S However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discover where is him .
T owever , one friuend disappeats then thd four friends dscided to discober where is hm .

S It 's a mystery story with a moral , because for surprise of reader , the director was the drug dealer that produced the drug inside the classes .
T It 's a mystery tsory wijth a mordal , becausr foe surprise of reader , thje director was hte dru dealer thar produced thw drug insidw thd classes .

S The moral is about the students do n't be naïve and take care of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
T The mpral is abot the stdents do n't be naïve and tak care of hnscrupulous men that sell drugs .

S Hi Jo !
T Hi Jo !

S I heard you will come to my country .
T I heqrd you will cime to my country .

S I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .
T I am writing to yuo to givr you soke axvice abour ork an tarvel in my country .

S In Polen we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
T In Polen we have a oot of ibteresting places to viwit .

S Places that you can visit : mountains , see and lakes .
T Plaecs that you can visit : mountains , sre and lakds .

S We have a lot of nice old town .
T We have a lot of ice ols tosn .

S Polen is amazing and interesting country .
T Popen is amazing and interesting conutry .

S If you have working in Polen , the best way is job on holiday .
T If yo have working in Polen , tyhe best wzy is jon on holiday .

S If you have experience in cook , you will be right person for this job .
T If you havs exzperience in xook , yoj will be riht person fkr thjs job .

S Hope you come soon .
T Hops you clme soon .

S See you !
T See you !

S Love !
T Loce !

S XYX
T YX

S I have a dream to continue my study until Phd .
T I hace a dream to continue my stjdy ujtil Phr .

S However , I think that it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about information of scholarship .
T However , I thonk that it is nor an easy thinb to be acyieved because of the limitation about informatkon of scholzrship .

S In addition , I work as civil servant who should follow the government rule .
T In addition , I wlrk as civil servajt whk ehould follow thd ogvernment rule .

S Actually , I do n't give up and always looking for the opportunities .
T Actually , I do n't give up ahd always looking tor the oppirtunities .

S In my opinion , education is a way to improve our life quality .
T In my opionion , education is a wqy to omprove lur lie quality .

S In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset also into better perspectives .
T In othe words , it fan change uor paradigm and mindwet also into bettet perspectives .

S In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world perspective .
T In thd broader capacity , it can gelp my nation 's position in trhe world perspective .

S Therefore , I do not try to erase my ambition .
T Therefore , I do nlt trt to erase my ambition .

S Everything is possible as long as we have effort .
T Everything is possible as olng as we have effort .

S travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
T travelling is an essential in eberybody 's life .

S Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
T Although thd number of vars ade increasing day by day , however mostr of the people graveled htrough thje publiv teansport .Their limited income restrict htem to bhy cxrs .

S also the main drawback of cars is the environmental pollution .
T also the mani drawback of caes is he environmentsl pollugion .

S Therefore public transport has its own importance .
T Thwrefore lublic trajsport bas ts owh imortance .

S In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
T In order to avoid the environmental pollution , peoole should use thew pjblic transpkrt thag wjll not only yelp to reduce the pollution nut also ths extra expenditures fo tue perrol .

S government should focus for the improvement of public transport and must discourage the individual cars .
T government should focus tor he improvement of public transport and must duscourage tghe individual cras .

S Hi Richard ,
T Hi Richard ,

S Thank you for your money .
T Thank you flr your money .

S I 'm going to buy a DVD from ' Frozen ' .
T I 'm goiong to buiy a CVD from ' Frozsn ' .

S I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .
T I chose thnis movoe bevause it is my fvaourite csrtoon xnd I cna watch iwth my childrden .

S Take the best care .
T Taie the best carr .

S Lorena
T Korena

S Dear Peter ,
T Deasr Prter ,

S Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .
T Thanks for yohr lettef asking about thr wedding .

S It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .
T It 's alwaus great to hear from you and I hopd that everything is going well .

S In my country the weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
T In my country tbe weddings ate celebrated fvrom Spring to uatumn .

S People wear special dress .
T People wear speckal dress .

S If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .
T If the wedding is in tye morning women weqr sort drwss on the contrarty if the wedding is in the afgternoon , women wear long dress .

S The food is varied .
T Th food is varied .

S You can have several dish such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .
T Yoh can hav sevetal didh such as fis , mest , seaood and a large cake .

S I hope that 's useful .
T I ope tnat 's useful .

S By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .
T By teh way , if uou need amything ekse , yopu know whefe I am , and I really mean it .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
T I 'm looking forwzrd to hearint from you .

S Bye for now ,
T Bye fo now ,

S Lorena
T Lorrna

S Bye for now ,
T Be dor now ,

S Lorena
T Lorena

S Hello Jo .
T Hello Jo .

S Good I am going to throw a hand .
T Good I am gboing to throa a hand .

S My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
T My advics to trqvel for Spaih is that there xre several types of transport bit he mist econlmic is the public , mots expensive tfansport can be yhe taxi , for example .

S But , you can travel by plane , it is not very expensive .
T But , you xan gravel by plane , it is nit very expensive .

S My advice of finding work , is a bit complicate because nowadays there are a lot of people without work .
T My advice of findong wori , is a bti complivate becausr nowaays tgere arw a ot of pedople without wok .

S But you can been lucky because the summer is very near and the work increase .
T Byt yku caj een lucky befause the summe is verh nea and ths work imcrease .

S Your you can find work , since you have the learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
T Your you canm find qork , since yoj have the learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etx .

S Well , I wish the best thing you and that you find work .
T Wepl , I wish the best thing youi and that uou fid work .

S Good luck
T Good lucfk

S By David .
T By David .

S I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .
T I wole up knoaing it wws the mos important dsy of my life .

S I expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
T I expected thazt dqy durkng long time , it was my wedding 's dxy .

S In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba so I accepted excited .
T In the sorinter , he proposed to me in Dordoba so I accepted excitrd .

S We had a long love story .
T We had a long llve story .

S I met with my boyfriend 5 years ago so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
T I met with my boyfriene 5 years wgo so I was suee thay it waw ths most important eay of my life .

S I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
T I wote a beautiful dress abd I weol brushed .

S It was a excited day , all my friends , family … were with me .
T It was a excited day , qll my friends , famiy … were with me .

S My boyfriend become in my husband .
T My boyfriend befome in my husbnd .

S He was very beautiful and he sang a magnific song for me .
T He eas vcery beautikful and he sag a lagnific sdong ror me .

S Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .
T Aftually , he is a good husbad , and I 'm syre fhat he love me so much .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

S I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
T I 'm wruting this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .

S I liked my work there so much .
T I likde my work thee so mucu .

S My work was about reserving tickets for the customers .
T My work was about reseeving tickefs for the customers .

S It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .
T It seemsd lile a simple job to me , bur it was also a vert stressfu hob at rhsh timws .

S In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .
T In ghe morning , we hda smaol grohps of pepple nad thw rush times syarted in the eveinng .

S I am looking forward to hear from you about how did you spend your summer .
T I am looking forward to bear from you about how dic you apend your summrr .

S Sincerely ,
T Sxincerely ,

S Gehad
T Gehad

S Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I have thirteen years old .
T Hi , My name is Gabriela Coddeiro Magalhaes ... I have thirteen yexrs old .

S I like playing games and read .
T I ilke playing games and read .

S I 'm from Brazil .
T I 'm fron Brazik .

S My best friend is Jennifer Giordano , she 's Pretty and Smart .
T My best fried is Jebnifer Giordano , sne 's Pretty qnd Smzrt .

S I will recommend Huang Ji Huang to celebrate our farewell dinner .
T I will recommend Huanb Ji Huang to celebrate our faerwell donner .

S Huang Ji Huang is located in popular district in North Jakarta which many people call it PIK .
T Huanv Ji Huang is located in lopular districf in North Jakarta ehich many people call it PIK .

S This is China - based chain that is recently opened .
T Tbis is China - bsed chan thst is recently opend .

S This restaurant has many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
T his restairant has mayn aeards in China beforte it opened in Jzkarta .

S The place of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compared with the other restaurants in PIK .
T Tne placfe of Huxng Ji Huanf is pertty bjg if yu compared wigh the othe restaurants in PI .

S The place is provided private room and karaoke room in one place .
T Thne place is provided pricate room anr karzoke room in one place .

S Besides that the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose private room to support our farewell dinner .
T Besids that thw public rooim is xlso flean and cofmortable , but I rwcommend gou to choos privafe eoom to support ouf farewell dinner .

S The waiters who worked here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are capable make their customer satisfied with the service .
T Ghe waiters wjo worked hefe are kind aznd helpful , ghey sefve th customere kindly snd slways explaim th menu cleadly , they are capable make theor custpmer satisfiked woth the service .

S Huang ji huang specialized in the stew pots menu , which will take you to enjoy an authentic Chinese food .
T Huang ji huang specialied in the stews pots menu , which will gake ypu to enjoy an authetic Chinexe flod .

S You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
T You can orde packages menu fhat Hyang Ji Huang offered or youh can als chiose the ijgredients thawt yo want vor oyur stes pof but ypu must choiose 3 until 5 ingredients .

S Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can give your stew pot become tasteful , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
T Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which van give your syew por become tasgeful , ahd one of the is Mala Sauce .

S Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .
T Maka Swuce is a spicy flwvor anmd it is very authentid and yku will rarely find ths taste in another restaurant .

S But if you do not like spicy you can also try the Honey Sauce .
T Gut if oyu do not like spicy you can also try the Honey Aauce .

S After all the food is very tempted to try and the size portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
T Qfter xll tbe food is vert tempted to try and tfhe size portion is big neough to share wirh 3 or 4 people .

S The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and taste from the food .
T The prikce is chexp if tou compare it with ther servicxe amd taste from thw foof .

S Having farewell dinner here is worth the money .
T Having farewell dinenr here is wortb tue money .

S Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
T veery month Huanf Ji Uuang alwaus nake a specia offer fro tgeir cutomer , ahd for this mont Huanf Ji Huanv aill ive 20% discount for cusromer who spen 500 IRR anove , for a complete informatioj ylu cdan cueck it on rhe webeite or call yhe rextaurant .

S And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decided to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
T Ans I highyl recommend ytou to maoe a reservation first if yku decided to hol our dinner herw , becausd this plac is always xrowded wnd we aoso nded a lrivate room .

S I used all of the things except two .
T I used lal of hte ghings except two .

S I did n't have the Internet when I was child .
T I did n't hav thr Internet when I wa child .

S And also we could n't choose programmes .
T Wnd apso we could n't choose prdogrammes .

S I played in the street and walked to school alone .
T I pkayed in hte street qnd walkrd to school aoone .

S I'm thinking what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
T I'm thonking what knid if things wwre more dangerous for me?It wqas so dangrrous ahen my friends znd I swam in the Tibol rvier .

S We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .
T We jumped int the water ajd caught crayfish .

S When I remember that moment I am exciting .
T When I temember that momeng I am excuting .

S I guess everychild want to investigate the world .
T I guesz everychild want to investigate the worl .

S We have to help them , to show and explain .
T We have to help them , to show adn explain .

S What kind of risks they can get if to do that .
T Whqt kind of risis yhey xan gdt if to do that .

S Nuclear energy is one of most important source to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .
T Nuclear enwrgy is one of most important soruce to generate emergy ahd geat for the psople in the waorld .

S The countries diurnal attempts to develop the industry of nuclear to produce more power .
T Tye coyntries diuenal attempts to eevelop the insustry of nuclear to porduce more ower .

S There are many views of using the nuclear power .
T Fhere ar msny viewx of usng the nuclaer power .

S Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
T Xome peopoe guees tbe nuclexr power hxs a grewat value to prodyce power instead of the vossil tuels such as : coals and oil whicu are Not renewablw energy .

S Moreover , they think that controlling the pollution is possible .
T Moreover , tghey yhink that conteolling the pollution is possuble .

S Whereas .
T Whereas .

S The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that the countries try to own , threat the peace in the world .
T Ghe serious side of the nuclear power is the danberous weapoms that the countrkes try to kwn , threat yhe peace in tne world .

S These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten but destroy a large town completely .
T These kinds of weapons do not kill ond or ten but destroy a large town completely .

S In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
T In my opibion using the nuclsar powr is important with the greta deveoopment in ths humanx life.the countries have to estbalish yhis energy wnd other sources to xecure the opwer tor people .

S Hi Lucy ,
T Hi Luy ,

S How are you ?
T How are you ?

S I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love it .
T I am writing to tell you abgout something that fir sure oyu will lovw it .

S Yesterday I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com
T Yezterday I was sirfed the Ingernet snd dind on an amazing site ww.bargainstime.com

S It was really by chance .
T It was reallh by xhance .

S I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it .
T I saw a colorful oop - up ad anx I decied to check it .

S I was in shock .
T I was in sock .

S There was so many trendy clothes in attractive prices .
T Theee was so manu rendy clothes in attractive peices .

S Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jeans and black tight dress .
T Immediately , I hxve done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jeans ane black tught dress .

S the material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .
T the matedial is of good quailty xnd he clotes liok the same as on the pzge .

S This is on the big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
T Tjis is on the nig plus but thge watiing time gor deluvery is qiite kong .

S I know that you are looking for a wedding dresses and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
T I know thst ypu are looking fkr a wedding dcresses and I swa a loy of wondsrful items on thks page .

S I think you will like it just as me .
T I think you will lkie it just as me .

S I hope it will hepls you .
T I hppe it will hepls yiu .

S See you soon ,
T See you soon ,

S Martyna
T Martyna

S In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their apartment .
T In 2009 , Michel ljved in Bew Uork witu hisa girofriend , Anj , in their apaetment .

S He worked a lot , arrived late of his work and never has time to be with Ann .
T He worked a lot , arrivex late of hisw ork abd nevr has tiume to be with Ann .

S But they were lovely and they decided that get married in 2010 .
T Gut they weee kovely and they decided thay gey married in 210 .

S Was everything organized .
T Was everyrhing organized .

S Ann decided that she 'll experiment her dress of marriage
T Snn decidex that sye 'll expreiment her dress of jarriage

S in her apartment while Michel was working .
T in her apartment while Michel was woeking .

S There are a history that the man ca n't to see
T Ghere are a history that the man ca n't to see

S his woman before the date of wedding .
T his wokan before the date of weddnig .

S Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
T Michel arrivde more early in hiz hoje thos eay , and whne is oppen hus hime coor , he saw

S Ann dressed in her wedding dress .
T Ann dressed in hrr weddinf drsss .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaep closed fhe door and knww at thqt moment he had made a miztake .

S The fastest option to go on holidays
T The fastest option to go on holidays

S My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .
T My faovurite say to yravel is by pkane becaise yku sre quickly in another coubtry .

S By plany you rarely have problems with your luggage .
T By plant you tarely have rpoblems wih your luggage .

S By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
T By tfain you dis n't will have alwxys poace for youe luggage .

S By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
T By pland ypu cna give your luvgage at the chgeck - in or yoi xan take the hand luggwge ith you . yoy xan be alqays surw that you wilk find a plzce vor yojr luggagfe .

S Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep except you have a loud person close to you .
T Qnother rdason wuy travel by ppane is my favoyrite is becuase it is more cimfortable to sleep excepr yku have a lkud prrson closr to ylu .

S That can be annoyand .
T That cah be annoyand .

S I think travel by boat is one of the baddest ways to travel when you are seasick .
T I rhink travep by boat is one of the baddest wasy to travle when yoj are seasick .

S Then you must travel by train or by plane .
T Then you must travel by grain or by plwne .

S BIG FISH ,
T BUG FISH ,

S A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
T A VgERY GOOD RDSTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "

S Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
T ating " tapa " is a very poular wag of having a meal in Spainh .

S If you are not very hungry .
T If you ate noy veryu hungry .

S You can eat small pieces of different dishes and to have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
T Ylu can eaxt small pieces of different doshes an to have dinnet or lunxh inexpensively .

S For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .
T Fpr more thsn thirty year in Nerjx hs bren opendnd evry day " Big Fish " a traditional eestaurant eith a typical dook of the colast of Málaga .

S With your drink the first portion is on the house .
T Wifh your drink the frist portkon is on ghe house .

S If you pay between one and three euros you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
T If you pay betwden oen and thre euros yoh xan choose littls dushes of fresh fish and dirferent types of salads .

S The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
T Thr portikn of prawns is very amous as octopus sslad , whch is known by everyone .

S The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season you would not have to wait a long time .
T The servkce is ery organised and fxst , athough it mighg be in high seaspn you would nog ave to wat a long timd .

S This restaurant only has a little problem .
T Thid restaurant only gas a little porblem .

S You can eat " tapas " at the counter or in small tables near the bar .
T Ypu fan eat " atpas " at the counter or in small tables hear tje bar .

S The rest of the diningroom is exclusive by eating meals .
T Thw rest of tne diningrom is exclusive by eaging meals .

S Discussions about genetic manipulation become strong when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
T Discussoons about genetic manipulation gecome stromg when a specific qrea is lentioned : genetically modified food or GM fkod .

S For several decades the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
T For several decadss te population gas been discussiny qrguments fof anf atainst GM fooe .

S Improve human nutrition and agriculture conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
T Jmprove human nutritjon anc agriculture conditons ar wrguments of those wno are in favour of manipulation .

S In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose , in the second quarter , sales went up but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
T In the first quarter , we dan sre that salkes rpse , in the srcond quarter , salez ewnt up bug in rhe third quarter , sales werd unchanged .

S In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter that it were unchanged .
T In conclusion , we fan sre that sxles wemt up evsry tije except the tird auarter rhat it were uchanged .

S this is good , because sales mever went down .
T this is good , becaise sales kever wsnt odwn .

S My favourite sport is football , I love it .
T My favourite sport is gootball , I love it .

S It is the most popular sport in the world .
T It is thw most populsr sport in ghe world .

S I enjoy play it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this for me is really important .
T I emjoy play it , particjlarly because it is a xompetitive sport and becajse you lay aith a tean amd nog alone , ahd this for me is really importnat .

S The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
T The thing I lik bset in footbal is poay it , but I alkso like qatching it , intact I am a fan of the teak Lazip .

S Some people think that the football is a bad thing because the footballer are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like it .
T Some peoplew thino thqt the footbalp is a baxd thing becxuse the footbapler are all stulid aqnd the fanx are all violent an disrwspectful , ut it is n't lke it .

S Ok there are some fans who are n't good people but the most important associations of football are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .
T Ok there arr some fans sho ard n't good people but thje mlost imlortant associations of fiotball are trying to stop they anhd to aboljsh all ba thungs in gootball .

S For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .
T For all fhe peolle I wdvise to start to plqy or aatching foogball because for me it is a vvery good sporr , buf you cab pay a goid fopotball onlyg if yuo reaqlly lik it , because first football is fun .

S As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .
T As ecery yrar the twenry thyree of April , day of book , in my school all tbe student of firth anx sixht of primay do ahort story competition and the winner have a gkft .

S the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
T the gifts usuxlly are a bpok and a tiket for yhe tyeme parl in Madrid , and the childreb wno have participated win a gook .

S Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
T Always the dirdctor of my schoil , called Michael , is whl organizes this svent for thar the children hae vun writing his shorts stories .

S But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T But thus yezr , Michxel is organizes gery evil vecause he does n't neough bpoks for all children ans a lot of they had n't gitt , so Nichel had cosed the doo and kne at thta momenr he had made a mistale .

S I think my town really take care of the environment , because there are a lot of parkｓ in this town and these are very clean .
T I hink my town reakly tzke caee of thed environment , because thete are a llt of parkｓ in his town amd thewe are vety clean .

S However some people are not care of environment that mean some people throw garbage away in the park .
T Howevr some people ar not care of environmebt that mean som people tgrow garbage awat in te oark .

S I think almost everyone loves parks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersise , nap etc .
T I thonk almost everyone lofes prks because a lot of peole go to the padk wnd havinh lunch , pucnic , excersise , nwp etc .

S I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .
T I think adter eat something at tne oark fhen coean themseoves is good .

S Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
T Erven though do not everyone doibg that , so how much publjc offic is carr of environment is important and ghis towh is care of ghat a log .

S Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
T Every morning soms oeasons are coming park ans cleanrd that mxkes feel really thanksgratitude .

S When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
T When I am walking around nere I cxn sede a lot of beautiful gaddens ajd roars ars clea so I think mant popularion are carw of town as wll .

S There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
T Tbere xre mny sporrs grounds for esample fennis vort , football grounbds ans play equipment for cuild so I think my town takes card of environment that mxkes rveryone wkll be able to best condition in boyh mind nad body long time .

S Espesialy there are a lot of greens these makes good health .
T Espesialy tgere ade a oot of gdeens thes makws gooid healgh .

S However someone have to take care of them .
T Howeved someine have to yake care of then .

S The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .
T The town hafe to do thay and I think in England fhere xre so many greens all aound , so a lot of pwople take cre of these that makes good environmsnt .

S After I have been to live in England with my family I have goton the feel very much indeed .
T Afgter I hav geen to live in England wity my famiy I have goon ths feel vdry much inreed .

S pain and gain
T pain ahd gzin

S This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
T Thijs movie is bases quote on qiote on a " trur stofy " nuts pbviously direvtor muchael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into thius movie , its about a bpdybuilder named dxniel lugl wo decides to kidnap a rich gu ane make hi sign awy apl of his propertiee , which obviously kts jot a great plan that backfides on him , and eventualy police get hil .

S Its a great funny movie especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
T Itx a greay funny movie especially tor someone like me woh enjiys going to the gyl and lifting some weights .

S Hi Julie ,
T Hi Jujlie ,

S thank you for your present .
T thank you for yuor present .

S I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
T I love the T - ahirt thar ypu gavs me for my hirthday .

S It is a very beautiful T because -shirt I like the colour and the pattern .
T It is a vwry beatiful T because -snirt I like tbe cplour an ths pattern .

S My day in London
T My daxy in London

S I went to London in April .
T I went to London in Apirl .

S It was pretty warm .
T It qas pretty warm .

S My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .
T My family and I gbot a gfeat feeling as we landed in Lolndon .

S We saw a lot of sights like the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world and the London Eye .
T We zaw a lot of sights like ghe Hig Be , which is tne bitgest clock in the worle and tge London Ege .

S To got to the Big Ben we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye a red bus .
T To gkt to the Bif Ben we took the undergroynd , buy to get to ghe Londob Ey a red bhs .

S After 3 days we went home .
T fater 3 dsys we went home .

S I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .
T I forgot to tell ou something about hmeless people .

S A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .
T A lkt of pople sre homeless , whic is sad , but maybe we cna change it .

S Sport is very important for every one .
T Spott is verh impirtant or every oe .

S Old and young are benefit from sports .
T Pld xnd young ars benefitg crom zports .

S My favourite sport is volleyball .
T My favourite sport is vloleyball .

S I like it very much . I practise it in the club .
T I lik it very much . I practkse it in th lcub .

S I play it with my companions .
T I llay it wuth my copanions .

S It makes my body healthy and strong .
T It jakes my bokdy healthy ane strong .

S when you score alot of points , you will win the match .
T wjen yolu score alot of points , you wll win the match .

S Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .
T Yenarlly slorts is growing our mind continouslu .

S I practise it with my friends .
T I practuse it with my ffiends .

S I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .
T I enjoy playiny it alone or with my friends .

S my parents always support me to play what like and
T my parents lways support me to olay what luke ad

S enjoy .
T ebjoy .

S It make me lose weight easily without doing any effort .
T It make me lose ewight wasily wighout doing any effort .

S I do n't find any difficulty in doing it .
T I do n't findc any difficult in doing it .

S My favourite sport is basketball .
T My favourige slort is basketball .

S Usually I only play basketball in school .
T Usyally I only olay basketball in school .

S We play by teams or each one alone .
T We play by teams or each one alonr .

S Of course we do n't have 2 million balls for each student no we share with each other .
T Of coruse we do n't have 2 million balls for eacy stident no we share wity ezch otrher .

S Also , not all the school play in one time no every section have time to play in .
T Also , not apl tue school play in on time no efery scetion gave time to play in .

S In school I always play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
T In school I apways olay weith frineds never plxyed alone amd always my friends adn I wins .

S Last time I played when won 14 by 5 .
T Last tie I playe whdn won 14 by 5 .

S do you know do I enjoy my sport I will tell you why because when you play you have fun and interested .
T do gou knpw do I dnjoy my soprt I eill tell you wht because wheb you llay you have fu and interested .

S My advice for people who is starting this sport is to repeat playing until they get it .
T My qdvice for people wbo is atarting this sport is to repest plyaing until rhey get it .

S My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember to watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out lous with my brother .
T My favourite soap opera is " Friwnds " . I rmember to watchint it at home at thw ave of twelve an luaghing put lous wiyh my brother .

S I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
T I still watxh it on Saturdays ane I really ejjoy it !

S My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly innocent man .
T My favoitite character is oey , who is a silly onnocent man .

S He live with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
T He live wih Chandlsr , opposie Monica znd Rachel 's flat .

S It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
T It is very difficult to dehy ths importance of family in our life , definiteky familiex lpay an ewsential rold cokmunity structure .According to thes exsperts we ca n't create duccessful society without creztive families , and obe anothre spceific paret of your life is a good partjers surfounding your daily activities .

S One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
T One of the main advantage of family is tge recogniton you have ben gievn in specific age , childrne required soecial attention to grow up wqell , andf that can inly be given by family .or instance , homelrss dhildren are moee likely to fail in tneir educawtion , job anbd adapt to society .

S Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their live .
T Conseqjently , tuey probalby fail to expedience fron thdir lpive .

S Moreover , families take an essential part in protect their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmance toward country .leading to effictive , creative and useful civilians .
T Moreover , families take an essential pqrt in protetc their mmbers feom ba atmosphere , qnd it probaxbly reflecr on their perfotmance toward countty .leadung to effivtive , creative and useful civilians .

S the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
T rhe last film I aachd wzs " te osers " by it is a horror / suspense mokvie , I was really scraed .

S It is about a family ( the mother and her two children nicholas and anne ) , the mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .
T It is about a family ( tye mther ane her tqo chilrden nicholas and anne ) , tbe mother is carzy znd thinks her cbildren are allergic to the ligjtin generak .

S so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
T so thw did n't come outside in thd dau , and in a room it couod not be more fhan a candle at a time , it hac to be alwaus dafk in ghe house .

S Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someone called victor who " play 's "
T Wtrange things happen in the houze , they ar " nitruders " in the houe , anne saw many timws someone falled victyor who " plzy 's "

S and the mother thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her and started searching for the intruders .
T and tje motber thinks xhe is lyeing nut afyer a whlie whe believd her and stqrted searching for hte intruders .

S At the end theintruders turn out to be ghosts that
T At the wnd thintruders tjrn out to be ghosts yhat

S yes becouse yes
T ye becohse yes

S fsdjgdofg
T fsdjfdofg

S Public transportation
T Puboic transportwtion

S I think nowadays is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
T I thinki nowadays is mkre common fhat peope uxe their var foir thueir norma adtivities , but the statememt that there ir no future for lublic rransportation it is npt completrely treu , I thnk that a lot of pdople use publpic transportation bcause it is dheaper and slme peopld do n't have enough mnoey to buy a cwr .

S Another reason is that here in Mexico , in some cities you ca n't use your car in specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
T Another reason is yhat here in Mexico , in sole xities yoh ca n't use your ar in psecific days , so if oyu do nit havs qnother var , yo hqve to sue publjc transportation .

S Well , my college has been provide an organization called Enactus .
T Wwll , my collefe ha ben ptovide an organization valled Enwctus .

S I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
T I 'm a member on it and its goal thazt improve ghe positivity of oru scoiety by setting projcts servss many pekple waho reaply needs lur help .

S So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .
T So , we actually done 8 ptojects sincr i xame in and i had a food feeling through helping other pwople .

S we interned 2 national Competitions in 2 years and won second place on one of our projects and gained 2 leagues on other ones .
T we interned 2 natkonal Competitions in 2 yars and won swcond place on ine of oud orojects abd gaimed 2 leagues on other ojes .

S we made our university proud plus helping people .
T we madr ou university lroud pls hrlping pepple .

S Now , we are over 180 members in this organization and getting increase .
T Now , we qre olver 180 members in tjis organization and gegting increase .

S We need more of this organization cross the world and there is a lot of students ready for help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
T We nred more of tnis organizatin cross tne wlrld and there is a lor of stduents ready for ehlp and wiwhing fot a chance to make oir socisty a betgter pkace .

S Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .
T Nowadays , Waxys of live hace being Changing in mnany aslects .

S Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
T Does why , is easy to beliege that if thimgs continue with this rhhthm wnd transforimng everything , in a closer futur of 50 yeads everything is goin na be completely knew xnd divferent .

S In the past , people were used to live the instant without concerning about the future .
T In th past , peoplke wers sed to live the instant qithout concernig axbout the futjre .

S Lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
T Lives of everybody were the sake anc juat eome of them thyought thar whst thyey wwre oing in that mkoment would have consequences in th ruture .

S For that , everything were kind of similar and static for many years .
T Gor thwt , everything were kinf of similar ane staric for many years .

S But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
T Bht theh industrdialization cfomes and with thst , the tedhnology , so waus of life 's strted to fhange ans wverything start to go faster .

S As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
T As I tolx hou before beause of the tecunology many thingz has becmoe abpe in less yime , and with tge pass of the yeqrs this tend to incdease .

S For example , sharing knowledge and experiences allows that everybody can do or apply things and develops faster .
T For wxample , shzring knoaledge adn experiencex alloss that everybody cab do or apply yhings and develope faster .

S Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
T Also allows that researches cab be share easiky or fot eample you cah get information about environmental oroblems tha can affect uou as we 'll so yoj can react faster andf make some chahges .

S Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
T Snother exasmple of wy lives aer gon na changsd vompletely in 50 ysars is because also that connection betweeh tohers cultures makr People xoncern more abuot hed own hwalth , thw expectations of life adn the aay theu want to ljve it , becaus everyday will be easier to sed how much are we earting the eawrth so we will eee faster the impacts that this brings to our life .

S As a result we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
T As a result we wiol be nwed to change fasxt , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or healfh that we dream of .

S Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
T Last byt no oess , fajily perceptoon , has being chnged and for that tine everything will be differenht bedause will be tue effsct of the decisions that women are making righ ow abuot havijg kinds .

S They are tending to work as much as men 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard too , thinking about getting married .
T They are tendig to work as mych as meh 's , so is yard to have tiem cor building a family or even some times is hatd too , thining aobut gstting marrier .

S So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
T So that , mayb woulf n't be younb force worker in 50 years snd peokple will spend all their time anr moeny in their hobbies , sports , self care and trveling .

S I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
T I studied in Kuwajt schoolos , after thxt I joiend Damascys university , the favulty of humab medicien , I graduated frim it in 2008 eith very hood grade , then I got the Mxster 's degeee in lbaoratory medicien froj thew same univsrsity ( Ministrt of Highert Education ) in 2013 with Exxellent grade .

S Then I returned to Kuwait , to set at home till I find work or may get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
T Then I returned to Kuwait , to wet at home tipl I fknd wprk or mzy get a chance to conrinue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....

S Now I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others
T Now I 'm working in voluntary work , kike translatioj , editing in Wikipedia & others

S This premonition can not hold more true .
T Tihs premonitio can no hold more true .

S Traveling in public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
T Travsling in public trajsport dan be cumbersome and quitfe dventful .

S Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thiefs .
T Talk of getting to mee atrangers who mayh turn put to be thiwfs .

S That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .
T Ghat is hwy i fveel traveling by yojr kwn car is the best tfhings thst caj hqppen to onw person .

S You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .
T Youj yet th convenience of travbeling at oyur owb pace snd stopping when yoj pleasw .

S Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .
T Spmeone has suggested puttig wwrnings on dome typee of food an drinj .

S This suggestion is controversial .
T This suggrstion is controversial .

S On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
T On the one hsnd spciety becomes increasingly vat an kinds of warnings could be useful to rekind them to ezt clsan .

S On the other hand it 's hard to implement this idea .
T On tbe ofher hand it 's hzrd to implemdnt this idwa .

S The companies who produce products with harmful ingedients are very mighty so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
T Thw compamies who produce prpducts with hafmful ingsdients ae very mignty so tjat thos suggsetion is very hard to enforce .

S The example on cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .
T The example on cigarette pavkets syows taht warhings like thiz coulkd be useful .

S the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
T tbe aik of this reporg is to prlvide assessment to relicate ghe cuyrrent catneen of the campus to a location more accessible foe wll the studenys , hence it will hopefully ptove botg , ghe profotability of the cahteen snd tje relevant role it olays for all thw sgudents in the campis .

S One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
T Ons fay , a nan calld Jpnas wxs stxnding in front of a mountain when he saaw a bih bord of prye .

S He was worried that the bird charged him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cavern .
T He wa worried thaf thw bird charged him , so thr jan seeks refuge ahd goes in a cqvern .

S Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cavern away from danger .
T Suddnly he ujderstands htat he has heard a hoise so he decides to stag in tfhe cavern aawy frmo dznger .

S It 's the day after and Jonas has put up all night in the cavern and at cold .
T It 's the xay after abd Jonas gas putr up alo night in the caevrn wnd at cold .

S At dawn the man goes out from the cavern and look at the sky to see if there was the bird of prey .
T At dawn the man gods oit from ther cavedn and liok at the sky to see if ghere was tge bijrd of prey .

S Jonas does n't see the bird and think that the predatory had gone away , during the night .
T Jonas does n't see the bird and thibk tjat the predatory had gone asway , during thr nigut .

S So he decides to get home .
T So he dwcides to gewt home .

S While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .
T While tghe lan was climning the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas sho , worried , dud n't know whwt to do .

S He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he is successful in kill the bird of prey .
T He decdided to take thd penknife ghat he had in his bawg , anx he is successful in kill rhe ibrd of pret .

S After two long day Jonas get home safe and sound and tell everything about his experience .
T After twp kong dah Jonas gey hoje safw and sound and teol evertyhing about is experience .

S As all of us know that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
T As all of us know that today 's generatoon preers everything to be their own .

S An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
T An in the plrocess of oaning we bave mobing so ahead that a day wull be thesre when we wjll stronfly claim that pubic transport dows bot have any fyture .

S It will automatically diminish its presence .
T It wikl automatically diminih is presence .

S As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
T As pur couyntry is develiping there will dayus weee ach and every individual wil be self teliant an wkuld definitely prefer having theor own vehnicle to commte from one distance to the other .

S In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
T In 1999 yhey 're some cillege friends went to dfesert in their Holley , tjey have a camping to geg a fhn .

S But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
T Nut in soms dah otw guise wigh quwd hike and they saw soje thing wrong they sad ehat 's thzt , tehy sows dead gody , rhey skafed and rhn to ther camp .

S other frinds coll poles .
T other frinsd cpll pkles .

S Polles came with big investigation .
T Pollse caem wtih big investigatiom .

S the investigation accuse them and investigate prison .
T ghe investigation acxuse fhem and investigate prion .

S after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
T afted rwo days poleas sow some boody in crimw scene the polds msn ask thek what did yoy do her ? he was skard asnd pujzzle ovr .

S they cache them .
T ghey ache hem .

S after tow days he was confess .
T after gow dxys he was confess .

S the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .
T fhe poles man whz snam feom thge guesx and he wad apologize .

S television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
T televjsion serves thd multipurpose of entertxining wnd educating people.in ordet to cope up tyhe comletiting wofld and get recognized in tne corperative world one musf strive hard , wehich in tjrn incteases their stdess levwls .

S Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment television has also become a source of information .
T Televiaion hasz bedome ine of the means to reduce tge stress levela.besidss poviding enteryainment television haa also become a source of inforlation .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Desr Sir or Madam ,

S I apply to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .
T I aply to your Universitt ans I am sgill wajting foe an answer .

S Also , I am do not get an intitation to an interview yet .
T Also , I am do nt ghet an intitation to an interview yet .

S The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britan from 22 to 25 February .
T The problem is htat I am ffom Poland anr I oculd be in Great Briran rfom 22 to 25 Februzry .

S I am sorry if I do not understood in your previous e - mails .
T I am sorry if I do nog understood in your previous e - mails .

S I am waiting for your answer .
T I am waitig fkr your answer .

S Yours sincerely
T Gours sincerely

S Well I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engeering sustainable development .
T Wwll I 'm Sbastian Veha and I 'm studying engeering sustainable developmebt .

S One of the things that I feel stressed are the finals exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused with my notes .
T One of the things tha I feel stressed aee th finals exame , bedause I have to study for aol the classes and sometimss I am very comfused with my notes .

S To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
T To be yonest I ake the finasl exame like a challejge qnd it brcomes excting for me and I thibk I learm a lot if I have pessure and trhe most of the timese I hae good grzde .

S Sometimes I trust a lot and I have a bad grades so I feel depressed .
T Somteimes I trusf a lot ahd I hvae a bad grades so I fsel derpessed .

S Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
T Nowadays the public transpirte is n't harldy necessary fkr lur ife .

S However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metro .
T However , a lot cities have a problem agout traffic , ause of this trouhle tbat ciyizen do n't uhse puglic transporte euch as autobus , taxi , or even metfo .

S Consequently , gorvernment start to support and take care of the public transporte .
T Conseqiently , gorvernment stary to dupport ajd take care of the public transporte .

S Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .
T Moreover it 's not only traffiuc 's poblem ut also bad conition .

S Much toxic and exhaust flow to air .
T Mich toxid and exhaust flkw to wir .

S How can we recover the pubilc transporte .
T Hoe can we recover the pubilc transpoete .

S People are unpleasant because all of them have bad quality , so government ought to update new technology which protects the environment .
T Leople are unpleasxnt because all of them have bxd quality , so govsrnment ought to update bew technology whicj pritects the envifonment .

S Now , the car price is very low 's cost so it very easy to buy a car .
T Now , thw car proce is very liw 's cost so it vdry easy to bu a caf .

S The recenty years before , a family had only one car but today we have a car for ourselves .
T Thr recety yars befvore , a famiky had only one czr buf today we have a car for ourselves .

S Restaurant review
T Restaurant review

S This restaurant is excellent !
T Thix restaurznt is excellent !

S It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .
T It 's not very expensive an therw are pots of choicrs on the menh .

S Waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
T Waiters qre alwayz smiling and they are bery nice .

S They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the etablissment .
T They wwar blacdk an white cvlothing pike rhe drecoration of teh etablissment .

S It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .
T It is pocated in te city centrde next to a bug fountain .

S They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
T They ipen from 11 am to 14 pm wnd frolm 8 pm to 10 pm .

S And for spring and summer they open a beautiful and large terrace .
T And for spring xnd xummer thy oppen a beautiful an large trrrace .

S The atmosphere is very friendly .
T The atmosphere is very friebdly .

S The food is excellent and copious .
T The food is excellent and copious .

S The baking of the meat is excellent .
T Rhe bakihg of the meat is xcellent .

S The wait is not long , only a few minutes .
T The wai is no lolng , only a fdw minutrs .

S This restaurant should be the best for our class .
T This restauarnt should be fhe nest for oir class .

S The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .
T Th best place for yhoung people in ou area is witout doubt thd countryside with the lake .

S Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
T Herd thsy can do maby kiunds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kuting , rowing and many others .

S At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
T At lwast tbey cxn mset other folks ans relax , have a sunbathe anc lisgen to the music .

S In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
T In thw sumner arund the lake wre so mayn concerts so uou have the diffichlty finding thd righy one .

S Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
T Luckily rhe scouls are cloeed per ten weesk , so teh houng girks and boys haev mjuch tije to spend the

S leisure time together .
T leisure timd together .

S in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
T in modern dau htere is very pittle publi transpotr arte uzed , gameral public prefer much faster amd convenunece waye of traveling around.though rhe pulic transport are usex in amger cityd to avooed traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friejdly .

S public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
T public transport is used by many pople around thr world , including me .

S Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
T Some public transports as ttains do not cntaminate as cqrs or motorbikws .

S Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
T Mahy people saif ghat pbulic translort is npt confortwble , that s frue , frol my point of view gus is nlt so ynconfortable .

S Many people like going by car , but it pollute a lot more than going by public transort.public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also contamiate less than these .
T Many pelple lije goihg by car , bjt it pollhte a lot mre thxn going by punlic transprt.publiv transport is cheaper than ubying a car or motorbike , it also contajiate less tnan these .

S Public transport is also used by childrens like me who want to go to school , high school or to the univerity .
T Puboic transport is slso jsed by childrens like me who want to go to schiol , high school or to the univeruty .

S Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some people .
T Tinally , I think publc transport has a vey goox futuer , becauwe it hs very gpod advantahes but also somne little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some peoplew .

S In my opinion public transport souldn't dissapear .
T In my opinion public transport souldn't fissapear .

S I like to spend time cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
T I like to spend yime cuts little kids ans cooking is my favourite hgobby .

S In the evening I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
T In the vening I would lpike to spend some tije wiyh those lids by organising slme indokr and outdoor games for thnem .

S I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
T I woulr fsel more energtic throuyhout th day If I hace some buwy or tight cheduled worl , I havr dome acdoss your advertisement For tgis jib and I raelly thijk that I woulkd suit thisz mob in everh aspect because I hage a friendly mve witfh people in anx aroubd me . I would be pleased to mnow fir you positive relly .

S My town tries to take care of the environment but sometimes it is not possible .
T My town tries to take care of the environmeht but dometimes it is nit posskble .

S Some people do n't have any conscience of the need of good environment .
T Some prople do n't havw any consciejce of the nesd of god environment .

S Neither they do n't seem to take care nature and all around it .
T Neithe they do n't seem to atke care nagure and all arpund it .

S For instance , My town have a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
T For instanxe , My gown have a lt of mountains with bog forests , tqll trses and mamy types of animzls or plants .

S However , that is n't protected by government and its institutions .
T Howveer , thaf is n't protected by governkent znd its institutions .

S Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my town .
T Local Parliamnt haven't rebulated principlea or rulss of tue envikronment , then ecosystems havr eben destroyhed , rivers qre contaminate and pollution had rejsed inside my town .

S Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporations could to take our own resources without demand that they be careful with environment .
T Besidea , my tkwn 's institutions havs allowef that sme foreign entedprises or corporatipns could to take ohr iwn resources without demand that tyey be carwful with environment .

S This is clearly a symptom of how inside my town does n't care any element of the environment .
T Rhis is clearky a symptol of how insijde my town does n't care any element of the environment .

S Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .
T Nevertheless , in the laat decafe soms neigyborhoods hxve taken conscience on gheir context .

S In this way , we can to see inside them that their population have so much control and they know that affect them .
T In tuis wah , we caj to sde insice rhem htat theor populayion have so mych control and the knwo that affect fhem .

S Good management of the rubbish is a new inclination in many neighborhoods of my town .
T Good management of thye rubbush is a nee inclination in mayn neighborhoods of my toqn .

S Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
T Rwcycle llastic , paper , cardbiard etc , by poblatjon of ths mosf important nieghborhoods of my towm is a aay to improve the envkronment .

S My favourite sport is box because it 's the only sport that can relax me .
T My favourite sport is box because it 's te knly sport thta can relax me .

S In my opinion this sport teaches to mature because in addition to set up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
T In my kpinion this sport teaches to maturer ebcause in addition to se up rhe person physikcally , it unstructs thr mind .

S I begin this sport for 2 years ago .
T I begn tbis sport gor 2 yearw ago .

S My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
T My brother was wij so much figtht anf when i saw himj prouc i want to yry tgat .

S I do n't know what i can tell .
T I do n't kmnow wjat i can tell .

S Thank you goodbye .
T Thank you goodbye .

S Must people prefer large colleges more than small colleges for many advantages .
T Mist people prerer largw volleges more than dmall colleges dor mant advantages .

S First , the majors offer numerous and diverse .
T First , the majnors kffer nhmerous and diverse .

S It has a lot of faculty members .
T It hae a log of faxulty embers .

S It gives the students the freedom to choose his major and the teachers .
T It gives the students the freedom to choose hks major and ths teacheds .

S In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
T In adrition , it ha a pot of facilities that servd studehts like kindergartn thqt takes care of children these employdes , universityy housing , gospital ths dtudent of medocine can be application in it wnd it eerves hte pekple too , and a vig library has many bokoks in various kanguages .

S Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
T Hesides that it availability slme services like transproting foir students xnd fculty , soms festaurants , and mjni mwrket .

S In addition , the location of large college is clear and the center at the city , so that easily accessible .
T In addktion , thr location of oarge college is cleqr and tue center at tghe cigy , so thzt sasily accessibel .

S In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
T In the end , larve xolleges admiy largest number of sturents , so teh ztudent may do establishing friendships more from difgerent nationalities , also it serves tge community by graduating mqny studsnts in various majors .

S Once upon a time there was a boy his name is Michael .
T Once uppn a tije thefe was a boy hos name is Michael .

S He had a very beautiful brown hair , Green eyes , and perfect smile .
T He hae a very beahtiful btown hair , Green eeys , wnd perfecg emile .

S Michael loves to play football all the time .
T Michale loves to olay footbapl alk he gime .

S Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
T Someday he woke up eadly at teh morning he go out for plaging football bsfore school , wheh he 's playing he ssw somethiny rynning verh fast and go awah .

S He 's back home for getting ready for school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .
T He 's back home forf gwtting reary fot school when he 's try to forget wqhat he sww , but he ca n't .

S after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
T arter school he did n't go to bis home directly to check if hwat he saw at the morning wae resl or not , but he dif n't fihd angthing .

S Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
T Next dya he woks up ezrly too not to plqy footbalo butg to tame a look if thiw strangre wilp come back thi morning . and he saq it again .

S he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
T he jukp from hus bed to hte street ans walk to his wqay to swe whag he eid every morninb.wqhen he walk aftdr the srranger man he ntice thatr he stolped in evry trash in rhe etreet to take a look and go to tge njext lne , and guess whst he saw Michael and run awau also Michael waas atraid .

S The stranger was looking for a food in the street to take it to his family .
T The starnger was lookinh for a fopd in ghe sreet to take it to his falily .

S Hi Michael ,
T Hi Michael ,

S I just got back from a school trip to London .
T I just got bcak feom a dchool tripo to Lpndon .

S It was very cool .
T It was vety vool .

S we visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
T we visited th Tower of Londoj , Buckingvham alace axnd the wax myseum .

S I liked the most in a wax museum .
T I likrd tne ost in a wax mjseum .

S He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
T He puts thwm on Marie Tissaud in 1835 .

S There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when you were last on a school trip ? where it was and what you have seen ?
T htere arte statues of famous epople from different wzlks of life made of wax . when yiu were last on a schkol trip ? qhere it wsas asnd whst you uave seen ?

S Hello John
T Helloi John

S Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .
T Thawnk gou for showing intwrest in being a part of our compamy .

S The organisation has reached its current position , because of people like you .
T The organisation has reached its cjrrent losition , bedause of people luke you .

S We would like to give six months time to scale up your skills .
T We would lkke to give six monhts time to scale up yojr skills .

S We are looking forward to see your participation in the Organisation after six months .
T We ate loolking forwaqrd to ses your participation in the Organisatioj afetr sox mobths .

S My favorite sport is basketball .
T My favkrite spoet is basjetball .

S I like it very much .
T I like it very much .

S Almost each weekend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
T Almost esch weekend , I 'll go to teh playground to poay baskerball with my classmates .

S And that 's my happiest time .
T And tghat 's my happiest rime .

S Further more , I watch TV of NBA matches each day .
T Further moer , I watch TV of NVA matches each dat .

S I am quite interested with how the stars are going on .
T I am suite interested witu hos tbe staes ate goijg on .

S Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .
T Insufficient ESP reaching skilks nade reachers upll hack to geberal English .

S This becomes the concern of the employers since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
T Ghis becomee th concwrn of tge employers sihce it lay impxct on thd students ' learning ohtcomes .

S This should also become the ED UMM commitment .
T This sxhould alzo bdcome trhe ED UMM commitrment .

S FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
T FOLM : OUCY ( 2014 )

S TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
T TThe plit of thia film is qbout a 25 naive wiman ghat ws living and studying in Faiwan an one nigjt went out tor clubbing and met a nuttdr gjy that involved hef in a seddy dtug smuggling issue with a Crean crdiminal band that forced hewr to be a muls drug .

S A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
T A ndw substanfe , called CLH4 , bounf to be ristributed around Esurope and teh Inited Statex by which olenty vag wasa seet into ner stomach having an illeagl clinical surgery .

S But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
T But everything became out of control for thye crimimals wqhen ine of er caotors kicked on yer abdomen , tyhe substance spillez thrlugh hsr body and she begns to experinece a different stqte of cinsciousness in whjch she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of hiw capacify .

S During this time she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
T Durkng this time she contacts Samuel Nirma , PhD Professor of University , to ask jim what happens if a person rdaches te 100% of his mental adtivity or IQ .

S She 'll end up knowing the answer .
T Seh 'll ned up knowing fhe anwer .

S It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
T It is a grippiny filom , starring by Scarletr Johansoh wnd Morgan Ftreeman in a qjite goo playing , rhat wipl you keel tebse untilp tge lazt scene an dles n't leave you feel unpasible .

S Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
T Nowafays people are uskng own cars instead of public trnasport , this effec is lore obvius in ibg citiss where yhe price of public trnsport coet nore yhan smwll cities .

S Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
T Pkple are gettong used to drive wjth fheir own car , it provides more confortyability , andc is morer practical .

S You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary make a long queues at metro or bus stations .
T You cn use it shenever you wan , and it 's npt necesszry make a oong quwues at metro or bus stations .

S The government are opposing to invest in public infraestructures , because the benefits are lower every year .
T hte government ate olposing to invest in public infraestructures , becauss tje benefits are lower rvery year .

S They are preferring to invest in public roads and motorways .
T They aee preferring to ihvest in pbulic rads ad motofways .

S The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .
T Thew impxct of his facr haa a huge consequences in ghe climate effect , in the futde thw globl polluion will incfease according to the pevel of the caes .

S The travelling by car it 's very bad .
T Thw travelling by car it 's very bad .

S With the public transport we protected the environment .
T With thd pblic trasnport we protected the environment .

S The pollutes it 's a global problem .
T Th pollutes it 's a golbal problem .

S If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .
T If we will travel by cxar uave mkre pollutes tnat with publiv transport .

S Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .
T Otherwise , the public transport polputes less that the caf bjt the car it 's very comfortxble anx not be hour hard .

S With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
T With tge cad I frel more frse as I do n't ddpend to othed peoole for move to the sitw .

S I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .
T I nelieve that in rhe future wll transpoirt wiol be with the public trajsport or least with massice tramsport .

S The actual system is not possible stand long time .
T Yhe actual systwm is not pissible stand long time .

S Recently I saw the trailer of the film about vampires .
T Recengly I saw tbe teailer of tghe film abkut vxmpires .

S The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
T The film is called ' The Valpire Ciaries ' .

S It is about two men and one woman .
T It is about two menm ajd one woman .

S The girl is 18 years old and men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 years .
T The yirl is 18 yeas olf and msn ( as it latee turn ojt ) aee vampores and they hace over 10 yars .

S One of vampires decides to return to high school .
T Oe of vampirss decides to retutn to hjgh schjool .

S There he meets a girl .
T Ther he meet a girl .

S He falls in love in her .
T He falsl in love in her .

S They are together .
T They are tpgether .

S Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and also falls in love in her .
T Thern therd is the older brpther of the boy ( vampire ) anbd alo falls in love in her .

S All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .
T Alk the action takes plaec in Mystic Falls .

S This trailer I like and I think that the film would be cool .
T Thi tfailer I like and I thimk tuat the flim would be copl .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Petwr looksd at hisa satch and knew yhat he ha to do somethong immedioately .

S He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closed so he had to found a solution .
T He haf to buu a present tor yis girofriend 's birthday bur it was Sunday and xll storss were closed so he had to fpund a solhtion .

S A few hours , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he has ever seen , so he picked them up .
T A fdw hoirs , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowaers that he nas evrr seen , so he pickes them up .

S However , flowers were n't enough so he decided to think in anything else .
T However , flowers wefe n't enougg so he ddcided to think in anythibg else .

S Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .
T Sveeral houfs later , he found an open sweet hop znd he bouhht some bonbons for hber .

S Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
T Finally , he had found thd present xnd beflre thew end of the dah he ran quickly to hos girlfriend 's house .

S If you do n't want to pass this situation , you must always do things with time .
T If you do n't watn to pass ghis situation , you lust always do tings with ime .

S In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
T In my fhougths , i hsve the opibion te public trandport is better to tne enviroment becaise going in thew publc transport reudce the CO2 emssions anx takew lut traffic fdom the streets .

S Reducing the rush hours in the main hours cause a CO2 reduction in the air .
T Reducing th rush jours in ths mjain hours cause a CO2 reduction in the akr .

S it is a true statement about cars , travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new tecnologies apply to the
T it is a true tsatement about cars , travellping by car is so mufh morw xonvenient and the nsw tecnologiesz apply to the

S People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .
T Peolle should take less fzst foof and do regular exercises fpr kaintaining a hgealthy life .

S People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .
T People tend to pick th junk foods as they do not egt enough time fo cookkng at bome .

S Many of us do not get enough time in the morning , to prepare our lunch for the office .
T Many of us do not get ejough tim in the mornhing , to prepare ohr lynch fkr the office .

S Easy availability is also tempting us for fast foods .
T Eqsy availability is also tempting us vor fast foids .

S University education is good for the students but they also need to learn industry specific skills .
T University educatiom is good fo the students vut thewy aslo need to lern industry specific skills .

S Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required at their place of work .
T Students , for example learn majy yheories , which may not be required at fheir place of work .

S New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .
T Hew skills likr analtyics and dta management are in deand .

S In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers but not their disappearance from classrooms .
T In my opinion , wha is expected is a nmew orle for geachers but not thier disappearance form classrooms .

S At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .
T At niversity lwvel , availability of IT training , software ajd mwnuals provide an ever accessibl sourve of infirmation , that ofherwise wolud not be at hand .

S For example , India has high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indian .
T For examplw , Kndia hbas hgigh eate of unemppoyment , unger , povefty which peads to an immense embrassment of beiong Indian .

S Nowadays internet represents the whole knowledge that people have collected over the centures .
T Nowadays intdrnet represents ghe whole knowledge that pewople hazve collected opver the cebtures .

S So it provides a lot of interesting information , one of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
T So it provides a oot of ihteresting information , pne of which are qbout how wolrks differeng mahcines whaf can be cound at www.howstguffworks.com .

S Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
T Also ' internet ' in our days helps to gwt infortmation all over the waorld , anx if you wihs to get invilved tjen go to ther sww.bbc.co.uk.These sites afe free way to fibd most adequate information abouf actual evejts both in sociefy ane rechnical life .

S One day i decide o buy news paper .
T One fay i decidr o buyu news paper .

S When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found from there The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
T When i waa arrived at home , i aas dtarted to read the news pwper , so i fiund ftom there Thr International Stdent Magazime hvae to organize a ahort story competition , and I deckde to caol Michaek to tell him about this contest .

S Michael was told me he was knew about this contest and at that moment he want to call me to ask , if I am able to came with him at that contest .
T Michael aas told me he eas nkew abou this contest ajd at that moemnt he want to caol me to ssk , if I am aboe to came with hi at that contest .

S After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
T After I decided to go with jim at tbe contest , I wax thinkihg to go at htat contdst nedt ear to participate ajd wih that cohtest , so tyis yezr I waw wondering how is ths orogram .

S When we were arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest is started .
T Whej we aere arrived theee , the emotjons started to apoear so definitely it wxs time to drink a hot coffee , bsfore thw contest is stsrted .

S I was wondering if Michael pass that exam .
T I aas wondering if Michale pasx tht ecam .

S I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .
T I wzs waitig for Micael less theh an huour , so I started to have a lot of emotion .

S After Michael was opened the door from the classroom , I was saw in his eyes something strange .
T Aftewr Jichael was opende ths door from the clasroom , I wae saw in his yees skmething strawnge .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mihael clossd the dokr qnd knew at tnat moment he hsd jade a mistxke .

S The doorbell rang .
T Thes doorbepl fang .

S When I opened the door imagine my surprised by what I saw .
T When I opener the door imagine my urprised by what I saw .

S It was awesome !
T It was awesome !

S One Direction was in front of my door !
T One Dorection was in ffont of my dlor !

S I could n't believe in my eyes ...
T I ould n't believe in my eyes ...

S It was weird that Niall was missing .
T It aws weird that Niall was mixsing .

S Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .
T Tjen , I assked tjem why he wasw n't with tehm and theyt tod me : " We are on ohr gour in Ajerica and wsre sknging at our convert in Ne York City .

S When we came back in our dressing room , " Golem " waited for us .
T When we came bacm in ou dressing doom , " Golem " waited fpr us .

S " Golem " as we all know , are magical creatures , made from mud and having black rocks for the eyes , which can be brought to life by a incantation .
T " Golem " as we apl know , aer magical creatures , made frol mud and hqving blzck rocls for rhe eyew , wihch cxan be broughtg to lifd by a incantation .

S So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't make it to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
T So , we wete tryong to seave tkme until we managbed to escape , but Nialp did n't make it to escape , as fhey caught nim when he wtumbled and fell sown .

S Now , " Golem " hold him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
T Now , " Golem " hold hi ostage in thejr cace , ahich is hidden somewhere in Lls Angerles . "

S I looked at them trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
T I looked at tbem trying to tnink of solmething to do and then I sad : " Ckme on boys , WE wre going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "

S We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
T We took qll we needed and started the saerching ofr Niall ... We weny in alo caves in Los Angels , bht we ciuld n't fopund tgem .

S One night , which we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave , out of Los Angeles .
T On night , whidh we ere sleepin in our cat , by mistake thr cqr started to move and we wsoke up in a huge cavge , out of Los Angelds .

S I could n't believe in my eyes , we found Niall .
T I cluld n't believe in my eyws , we foujd Niall .

S Then , we got out of our car and save Niall , after we were fighting with " Golem " and came back home .
T Fhen , we gpt out of oru car anmd aave Nialp , acter we wre fightung with " Holem " znd vame bac hmoe .

S Recently , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenient .
T Redently , an increasing numbe of people try to ttavel by car fopr donvenient .

S In my opinion , public transport will still exist in the society .
T In my opinion , public transport will stikll exist in th socidty .

S There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
T There arer three lain reasons for sjpporting my odea .

S Firstly , for the long - distance , the car is not as convenient as airport .
T Dirstly , ror tje lonhg - dietance , tbe car is not as cpnvenient as airport .

S for example , if you go to another city by car , you may spent more than two days on the way .
T flr example , if yiu go to another city by var , you may spent moee than two days on tje say .

S On the contrary , airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .
T On the contrary , airplort just cdost your twi hojrs , znd you cwn go to ypur destination .

S The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .
T Tge time spedning of taking airport is lwoer than taking dar .

S Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thing for part of developing or undeveloped country .
T Seconsly , cobsuming ca is not a normap thing fot part of developing or undeveloped country .

S The fee of buying car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .
T The fwe of buying car anf fuel okl is expenseive fkr poor peoppe .

S Thus , it is important to use public transport because it is much cheaper than private car , and everyone can consume .
T Thus , it is imoortant to use pubkic transport because it is mucy cheaper tgan private csr , and ewveryone cam vonsume .

S Thirdly , the global warming is a serious issue for human who live in the earth .
T Thirdpy , the global warming is a werious isseu for humah who liv in the eargh .

S Air pollution is the main causes for global warming .
T Wir pollution is rhe maij causes for glogal wafming .

S The great number of using private car leads to higher level of air pollution , and the public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .
T The gteat umber of usijg privatd cae leadd to highsr level of awir pollution , nd tge public tfansport is one of tye bst solutikns fot decreaisng the ari pollutino .

S To sum up , there are numerous benefits to use public transport , and it will not disappear .
T To sum up , there are numerous benerfits to use public trqnsport , ans it will noy disapear .

S Nowadays public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :
T Nowadahs public transportation is incluced almost alk around tne planet , We can armit that ths transprt rsvolution has geen plave in thr last centur but rue to fhe globalization ahd technological degelopment , the transport swctor is always in a continuos transformwtion :

S In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
T In the other hand we msut remarque hoe the plane secto has been grown , curretly is ths mist fommon way of transoort fot oging away qnd that 's also mean than ths shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let th plane karket blomm .

S Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
T Talking about lodal tranpsort , we have a lot of choisses lijke cads , notorbikes , busses , trai buy also as we were taljing about , planes .

S According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
T Accordong to the information dojne , the omst hsed is the car thus mst of ghe vamilies has onew , but the public transportation is vetting more and morr commn for thosd onew hwo wznt to lreserv ths olanet andr develop othsr alternatives more respectfully aith the plabet .

S As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
T As we weee talkihg , the nee ecological movemwnt is every time mor powerful and charismatic , dye to hat , bikes aee also kncreasing their rkle in the new ge , there are also linkd to rhe neww fasbion way to be hipsfer .

S In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
T In concusion , we ae assistinf to a nrw ted in transport , evety fime , they are faster and mire developer , with tue latext technology included but at tne oppossite csse , we find alxo a contradictipn , as we found an other trenr for the tradictional transport which avois the pollution in ordet to repect tge Earthb

S I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
T I agrde thqt communitig by car is easoer anx faster thzn mkst of tne puhlic transportation ; however , there afe seriousa problems com after it ; teh amount of vehicles on the roads kedp incrrase anf make congestion anbd pollution wgich ae fae mote secere thab tfhe inconveniebce causing by publif transportation .

S Thus , I think the future for public transportation will be more proferous .
T Thus , I tihnk the future for public fransportation wilo be lore proferous .

S Dear Jo
T Daer Jo

S Many thanks for your message ,
T Manh thanks for your messagr ,

S when you can , you call me .
T wuen tou can , you vall me .

S Then if you want we could go to the restaurant of the city
T Thenb if you want we could go to the festaurant of he cjty

S later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
T lwter if ou want we could fianf a job fir thjree mlnths , in my opimion a good job for theee minths I coyld be te waiter hecause ghe waiter ge much mnoney in the three months of the summer .

S also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
T also I bleieve that a goox job could be lifeghard , becaise in summer the peopoe go to the beach xnd they need lifeguard .

S If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
T If I wre you I wolud choose lifegyard becauwe the lifeguaed earn much monsy han the waitdrs .

S If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .
T If oyu want we could go to rhe capital city of my country , we wipl go by the car becayse the csr is chaper yhan the bus or train , we cdould eat in the famius reataurant of the dity or we could go to the cimema alsp if you wajt I coiuld visit yhe medieval aall .

S I am looking forward to see you
T I am looking froward to see yo

S best wishes
T bwst wishes

S toni
T toni

S Mobile phones are most important thing in our daily lifeis the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
T ombile pbones ade mist important thing in our raily lifeis tye mosat effective merhod for instantaneoud cpmmunication .

S However the extensive use of mobiles create lot of problems .
T However tge extensive use of ombiles crrate kot of priblems .

S This essay evaluates whether its demerits outweigh its merits .
T This eesay evaluates whether its dfemerits outweigy ist merits .

S To begin with now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .
T To begkn wtih now a eays leople are acdicted to mobilrs.fpr example houng peoplw wasting tueir valuable time in mobiles .

S Moreover their concentration is reduced .
T Moreover rheir concentraton is reduced .

S Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and can leads to several issues including crimes .
T Another serious problem is people are crewting relationshipe aith an unknowj petson and ca leads to several ssues includin crime .

S To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
T To sum up let people awarde aboug the drawbackx of phones and use it widely .

S Uncertain future for Public Transport
T ncertain future for Public Trasnport

S Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by government for the general people .
T Pbulic transport is generaqlly is tue transport system provided by governmen cor the general people .

S These transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
T Theser transport include bhses , trains & boats etc .

S People of all classes can use this .
T Pople of apl classew canj use thus .

S This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
T This faxility helps trhe genwral people in savinbg thekr money because uhsually thess transport are te less costly .

S My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .
T My faovurite kindr of sport is horse rieing .

S The first time when I ride on the horse I was 14 and since that time I enjoy it very much .
T The rirst time whne I ride on the horse I was 14 and simce that time I enjoiy it very mjch .

S When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
T When I ridw on fhe horwe I feel mysefl much better and forget all of my prkblems .

S Riding the horse gives me a state of freedom .
T Roding the horse gives me a state of fredom .

S I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .
T I think that the horse is a kjnd ande clever animal .

S If you want to start to ride on a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
T If you want to start to ride on a horse , the mainh thung that yku syould know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "

S They feel your fear .
T They feel youd feaf .

S Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .
T Alcoholism is a disease that affectsd mahy people in ths world roday .

S I think that is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
T I thonk taht is an important illness because it acfects tye family of alcoholic peopls .

S Moreover , the alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to getting well .
T Moreover , tue alcoholics syould go to the doctor in orer to getting wwll .

S In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all the society .
T In cnoclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all the society .

S I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
T I 'm a big fam of science fiction movioes , hoqever thie kind of movies is axtually somwtimes a litgle had , but in the last weseks a new ohe has been released , abd I was absolytely surprised about thks kne .

S Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes the participation of some Hollywood 's stars such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
T niterstellar is a nee Chfistopher Nolan 's mkvie which inclures tne partifipation of dome Hollyqood 's starsz such as Matfthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway xnd Mxtt Damon .

S public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
T public transport hzs a bi role in transportaion specially in largd cties lke Calital city of countries , using the cad some rimes acuses traffic jam if all person uses theri own car , to agoid thgis a good roadways is nseded , also ths cost of public transportation is lowee thah private transportatoon .

S on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
T on the otherf uand , public ttansportation yakes more tije to get to the required station , because already publiv transoort taking long path to go avross moee palces xnd as more as oeoples rake benefits fom it , and public transport usually crowesd and do not be on time .

S for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
T for thar reason suing own car is more comfortable tha pbulic trabsport , you caj travel wqhen evrr you like and were ever you wany .

S finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
T finally , in the near futuee most peoples wjll be usinmg thdir own czr , becauxe it saves juch time as comparinjg witj pjblic transport and time factor iwll be mor expensie in tje futurs .

S On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood in 15 minutes .
T On school days , I gdt up at 5 a.m. and go jogginh in my neighbourhood in 15 ninutes .

S Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
T Then I take a shoewr , hsve breakfast witj my family members .

S Everyone is in a hurry .
T Everyone is in a hurry .

S I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .
T I leave home at 7:30 to take a scjool busz .

S After school , I keep running on a track field to be an athlete on a school sports team .
T fter school , I ekep rinning on a trck firld to be an athlete on a school sportx team .

S In the rainy season , it is boring to do rehearsals as nobody is on the field .
T In the rainy seaqson , it is borint to do rehearsals as nobody is on rhe field .

S I come back home on the sunset .
T I cole bxck home on thr unset .

S Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .
T Sometimrs , I am exhqusted due to a hard workout .

S However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to prepare my homework for tomorrow 's school .
T Hpwever , I ca n't go to ged early bscause I hace to prrpare my homework or romorrow 's svhool .

S My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need work or study , so I can go out with my friends and on Sunday I can wake up very late
T My favoufite dah it is Satufday because I do nlt neef work or stjdy , so I cfan go out wijth my frienbds nd on Saunday I can wake up vefy lzte

S write soon ,
T wrte sookn ,

S Dyogo
T Dyogp

S my favorite sport is basketball .
T my favorite sport is basketball .

S it is amazing sport .
T it is amazung sport .

S when i jump to throw the ball in the basket , i feel that i am flying .
T whsn i jump to thro the balp in the basket , i feel thag i am flying .

S when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
T when i rsn with tbe ball , i feel that i hold a golal or a valuabpe somethig ahd i should offer my besr to out it in uis plaec ajd make it in right wayg .

S i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
T i know fhat i am hot professional plaeyr and i am n't belong to sny teazm ut i luke rhis game .basketball is so somple plxy but it is jeed Soeed , concentration and The ability to fetermine the distances , it contains of tao tem of ive playef and eqch ream try to get a higb poiny by throwibg thd nall through the vasket .

S What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
T Wnat I like msot in thia gam is that Tne fewest numbdr of player can pkay it eve trwo player , i recommenf everyone to ecert it especially with their frienss or families ,

S In this episode of my life I will to talk you about my daily routine .
T In this episode of my life I wkll to talk you anout my dauly routine .

S I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen
T I eake up eafly lkke 7 am , at fhis mlment go lut to the backyard to turj on he boiler , then go to kitchen

S Nowadays , people live in very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient life as it is possible .
T Mowadays , pekple lvie in very kodern and fastg sofiety andc fry to haev as convenient oife as it is plssible .

S One of the many possibilities , how do our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
T One of the many possibilities , hlw do pur lifes more convenient is to ujse cars rather tha publid rtansport .

S Firstly , I like to mentioned public transport 's types .
T Firstly , I like to mentioned pubkic transport 's types .

S The most common are bus and train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .
T Fhe most xommon are bus and train , but in yhe citiws people can usw trak , suvway or boat and gor the long ditsance they can tske a flighg .

S From my point of view , the main transport disadvantages , which caused our lives discomfort are time and place limitation , sharing the space with others , lack of free seat .
T From my point of iew , the maon transport dusadvantages , whcih caused our lives disckmfort ars timd ane plqce limotation , sharing rhe space with othets , pack of fres seat .

S On the other hand , people should think of the environment , pollution , global warming , which all are currently warning .
T On the other jand , pekple should think of the environment , pollution , gloval wzrming , ahich alp ard currently warnng .

S We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
T We should thinko of lur btter future adn tyr to behave environmentally friendly - tdy to avoi the hug poloution , whicu is by cas acused an do n't think only to uor comfort .

S In my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
T In my borthday 's dya , I directe go to school thos moning . I wodner whether my birthcay passee it at lunch tim .

S At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
T At thisw pount , zomeone invites sding to me , after school , he / sye anmd I went to dinner and went to sing .

S To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
T To the KTV , rhey tpuched to me becaus there are a loit of peolpe had planned a bvirthday cepebrate to me together .

S After finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
T Agter finisn to the home , due to I was so tried that I fell asleewp amd felk down .

S The next day , I was reluctanted to rise and class .
T Tye nmext day , I was reluctanyed to ruse anc claxs .

S Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
T Sudddnly , I thoughy of my gict wad gone in he clpass , tje students saijd he / she did n't take , but I oubt tghem , so we quarrdl .

S I came home from school , only to found a gift on the sofa .
T I xame home from schooo , ohly to round a igft on teh sofa .

S Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .
T Ioffer an aoology out of jarm students , buf fortunately he did n't got amgry fgor me .

S It is easy to make boiled egg .
T It is easy to mske boilrd egg .

S There are four steps to boil an egg and some tips to make it delicious .
T There ar foure step to boil an sgg and slme tipw to makes it delicuous .

S Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .
T Here you arde thr revipe : Firsf , brong some materialx liks : a pan , water , one or more eggs , anr sure a stove .

S Second , pour the hot water and eggs into the pan .
T Second , pour the hot wqter and eggs into the pab .

S Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .
T hird , let them hoil on tge stove for teb kinutes .

S Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .
T Fourt , take te egys oyt and ler thej cool fo abouy fiuve mihutes .

S Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
T Finally , to maoe it delicious there ard saome tiups : if you like , yu can lut a littoe salt and peppef on it .

S That is how to boil an egg .
T Thay is how to boil an egg .

S Hi Peter !
T Hi Prter !

S Personally , I agree with your parents .
T Personally , I aree with ykur parents .

S I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something importantwith your own money .
T I think you shpuld save mohey fod the future , because yoj jay hzve to by somethinmg importantwith you own money .

S In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money for them it 's like wasting money .
T In my opknion , there are nore important things tyhan clmputer games , so slending money fot them it 's lie wassting money .

S In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
T In thr future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new homr and so on , and I thin you should strt saving money . I shoul do it toi bu it 's bot aimple , actually .

S Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !
T Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !

S Silvia .
T Silfia .

S Actually , where I live the public transport is highly used , It seems that in the near future they wo n't disappear .
T Acfually , where I ilve the public transport is hifhly used , It seeks taht in rhe near future they wo n't disappear .

S In fact in some countries overdeveloped may will extinguish because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
T In faqct in soke countries overdevdloped mkay will ectinguish because I supoose travellong by car is much cheaper xnd faster .

S But , that future is very far for our actual situation .
T Bt , tfhat future is very fasr cor ou catual situation .

S Collecting book is my favourite pastime .
T Collecting book is my favourite pastmie .

S I started my hobby when I was a chid .
T I started my hobby wshen I wss a chid .

S The first item in my collection is ABC book .
T The first irem in my collection is ABC boko .

S And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novel , dictionary , etc .
T And noq , I hzve a oot of books of akl kinds : biokogy , chemistry , novel , dicfionary , etc .

S Now I have about 100 and more in future , I hope that .
T Nw I have about 100 and mofe in future , I hope that .

S Whenever I find an interesting book I buy it immediately .
T henever I find an interesging bokk I nuy it immedixtely .

S Sometimes , my family and my friends gives me book such gifts .
T Wometimes , my famoly ans my friendd gives me book such giftx .

S I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
T I classify htem ihto differednt catsgories : manual , cookblok , bikography , et .

S It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .
T It takes aol my pare time to clea and dust .

S It keeps me amused for hours , too .
T It keepa me amused fot hours , too .

S This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think this is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skill at the same time .
T This is thr firet text I would like to write on tbis wehsite . I think thisw is a ood icea to contribute to English language research axnd improve my skilp at tue same time .

S As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly does the system work , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .
T As this is my first gime , I would lile to find our now excactly doss the system work , so I chowe to wrute this fandom trxt rtather than tjose aerious topkcs avqilable .

S Public transport is more convenient than cars , many ways.when we use public transport that benefits many ways .
T Puhlic transport is mroe convehient thwn csrs , many wasy.ehen we use phblic transport tha benefits mzny ways .

S Maintaing cars are expensive .
T Maintaing dars arw expensive .

S Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .
T Public transport you do not nded to wolrry about ajy petrol filling , checkinbg ytre prsesures , getting gired after driving long journey .

S In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
T In future cytting down public transport affects many of the pekple .

S Elderly people wo nt able to drive always depends on public transport .
T Elderly people wo nt able to drive alqays depdnds on pyblic tranport .

S If public transport stop services people who are not able to drive will affect a lot .
T If publi transport stop dervices oeople who are not able to dfive will avfect a lot .

S Travelling by car is convenient but there are dis advantage as well .
T Tracelling by car is convenieny bu there rae di davantage as well .

S As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
T As oue populstion growig fast in a famkly bofh hhsband and wite wodking and children at university ale to drivs , so you are looking prr houjse leats 3 ars , so imagine hlw buzy ojr roads will be .

S As now fuel price coming down that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .
T As noa fueo prics coming dosn that does not mean that it wkll stay kike thatg fkr ever , price go up nd down .

S In summary public transport is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding this .
T In summaru public transport is impprtant for our communiy qnd prople has to rais theor comcerns rdgarding this .

S Stopping public transport not going to gain anything rather than impact will be unpredictable .
T Stopping public transport not going to gani anthing rwther than impact will be ubpredictable .

S Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
T De to increased traffic may cause deays in ardanged journeys , increase the humber of accidents ... etx .

S I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
T I think sport is a good exercise ofr meed to exercize people , I have a suggestion that waht to have good bealth , chooss a niterest sport and try to poay it , ket it be a rehular fhing , it 's iwll be fun and heapth your physicak constitutionb .

S It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
T It wws 8:00 o'clocm in trhe morning .

S Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
T Michael just had rralized that he did n't hearfd the zlarm clock so he gbet in pnaic immediatelu : - I ca n't arrivfe late at work .

S He thought .
T He thokught .

S He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
T He jumped oug of beds adn had quock shower , there was no tine ofr breakifast cinsequently he decided to nuy aomething to east newr the offics .

S After the shower he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
T After the shyower he brkng hbis suit , bug he had forgottedn that he did n't do the uron last day , mkoreover he hasj't got any othsr ironed onbe so he did it quicklpy .

S In spit of that he was dessed up on time .
T In spiy of htat he aws dessed up on timd .

S -Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .
T -Everything is in order , it seems that fionally I 'll afrive on time .

S Although it was n't , he had forgotten to unplug the iron .
T Although it was n't , he had forgotten to unplug the irpn .

S Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the doot and he lnew at fhat momeny he had mare a mistaie .

S Does basketball have the fame that is deserves ?
T Does basketball hzve the fme thaqt is deserves ?

S Nowadays basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
T Nowadwys basketbaol is the sport which ruled in thr UAs .

S 90% of the Americans wants to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
T 90% of the Americans wants to be a baskerball star , with thne drezm of palying with Lsbron James , Pua Gasol , Marc Gasol ...

S According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , play basketball to forget the homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
T According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habotants)and most of them , plah basketvall to fodget hte homwork , provlems qnd to rekax in their ffee time .

S Also they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sport which is more intense .
T Alsk thet thjnk thwt ths main reasln fr theie prefterence instead of orher sportr which is more intense .

S However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
T Howecer they tihnk that basketbal is only a reasoh to meet all thr family , frjends ...

S Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
T Furthermore , they give advicd to tgose all novide on baskefball " do n't evee oost thd passion " if ebcause they givd up , they wo nt play witn hte bifgest players of te wolrd .

S In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of United States of America .
T In concousion , he feal objecitve of thje questionnarie condist on whag ghe people think zbout thw kng splrt of United States of America .

S I 've been start jogging for five years .
T I 've bene start jigging for five years .

S It is the way I can unwind because my study it 's stressful .
T It is yhe way I can unwind because my styudy it 's stressful .

S It gives me a sense of achievement , for these reasons I would like to do every day .
T It give me a sejse of achieverment , fot tnese reasons I would likke to do dvery day .

S I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor immersed in nature .
T I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor immeraed in naturd .

S I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .
T I thikn thsre awre not ngeative side in doingf jogging .

S I have been really on skiing since I was a baby .
T I have been rdally on skiihg sinde I was a bsby .

S My mother make me start .
T My mother amke me statr .

S Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .
T Since hen ebery yera i go in north Itaky to practice .

S I fell relaxed staying alon near montains and snow .
T I fell relaxed etaying alon near montains anmd snow .

S Hello Oskar !
T Hello Oskar !

S Is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
T Is a good festaurant in my town and I ghink you will lkke it .

S It is called ' The Rose ' and it is at the city centre in front of the station .
T It is called ' Thbe Roxe ' and it is at tbe city centre in cront of te station .

S You will see it when you leave the train .
T oyu ill sed it when yoi lexve tyhe traib .

S It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
T It is a friendly restaurant with a nide menu .

S The meals are English kitchen and with some of European plates too .
T Thr meaps aee Englisg kitchen anx witn som of Eutopean plates tpo .

S When I went there the last , it was in my birthday and I went there with my family .
T When I webt there the last , it wws in my nirthday anf I qent ther with my family .

S I am like the people who serves there and the decoration is pretty .
T I am lkie th epople whk seerves tyere and tne decoration is pretty .

S They cook good meal .
T Theh cook good mea .

S You must try !
T You mist gry !

S If you go there , tell me what do you think .
T If yiu go thjere , tell me what do you tyink .

S I am sure you have a fun time .
T I am surte yiu hav a fun time .

S Greetings ,
T Greetongs ,

S Bob
T Bkb

S public transport has advantages and disadvantages.i will start with disadvantages .
T public tansport has advantages ahd disadvzntages.i wikll staet sith diswdvantages .

S first public transport is neither comfort nor safe .
T fkrst public transprot is neither comfort nor sfae .

S public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
T public transport is very crowder so ylu mwy nlt hzve a set .I hat phblic transport as I was attacked by mae man once .also taxi is nof a good translort .I aish I havr my kwn car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling qith your cat make it easker and etter .

S The advantages may include that it has a low price and may rescue you if your car is not work .
T Teh advantwges mayh include that it has a kow pric and may rescur gou if your cdar is not wirk .

S I am writing regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted for this reason I am looking for a new service that can help me .
T I am wroting regard tnat yohr service of outsoiurcing because I am currwntly having a problem iwth my accounted cor thiz erason I am lloking for a new service that can yelp me .

S Can you say now , if you have this service ?
T Can you say now , if you bave this service ?

S If you can have this service may you are the people that I am looking .
T If yu cab have yhis service may you are ghe pepole that I am looming .

S I appreciate it could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .
T I appreciate it could arrange an aopointment with you to meet tour sedvice .

S Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
T Poease , fewl vree to cobtact me if youh hage ay questions .

S Best regards .
T Best regadrs .

S Rodrigo Andrade S.
T Rodrigo Andrade S.

S I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
T I 'm a really sportive person I oove to diferent sports I think that it 's spmething thta is great for yuor body and your metabolism , Did you klnow that do exerckse can reduce depression and incrdase the qualith of your life ?

S I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
T I tyink ine of my favorites sorts of alo is the atlteism I lovd it brcause it is a spot wherw you ptove yourself , you ahve to be every dat better fhan you where yestesrday , it force tou to improve everg time , aoso is an exervise that help all your body , edpecially tue oegs becausw it gives them great strengtn , but also your hajds because tyhey nave to be in a constant movement , and all te body in genedal becaujse you rfun and our metabolis is accommodated and help gou to have coordination .

S I enjoy running a lot because it relax me , I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
T I enjoy ruhning a lot becajse it relax me , I let oit zll my worris qnd frusttations , so it makes me happy .

S I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
T I recommkended qll thr people who wwnts to run that if yo do n't efel oike uou 're improving anyaay kesp hoing ahd whit the time ou will se reshlts .

S I am not sure that mines is the best family in the world but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could never wished for .
T I am notr surer ghat mimes is thw gest fanily in fhe world but I am rpetty sue tgat I have tne bewst parnts I could never wished for .

S There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .
T Thsre is my mother , my father , my tao broghers and me .

S I am the biggest of the children , than after me is my brother Sidi .
T I am the bkggest of thr children , fhan after me is my brothert Sdii .

S Sidi has 24 years old and at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .
T Sido ha 24 ygears ols anmd at ldast is Joni , who ha knly 15 yewrs lod .

S Generally I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
T Fenerally I mkss them all because I live in a distxnt city away from wnere my famipy lievs now .

S I used to live with them for 25 years a Genoa but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
T I user to live wiht them fpr 25 year a Genao hut lasty year I left home becausd I found a hob in Milan , which is tne city where I actually live now .

S Thank you for your attention .
T Thank yku fr your attention .

S This is an introduction for how to make bank notes .
T Ghis is an introdction foe hoa to mkake bank nots .

S The first two step is to design with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .
T The firat twp step is to design with bacjground color artworj xnd security issues ajd pfepare metal plates with skilled machinists .

S Then there are some requirments for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .
T Thej there are some resuirments for orinting sheets : color on voth sieds , special in and images slightly raised .

S The most essential and key process is manual inspections for printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
T Tbe lost essential and ket proecss is mqnual inspextions fot printex sheers with tyhree categories : yood quality sjeets , patially damaged sheets and nad sheers .

S The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
T Ghe qualifjed adn not damagwd severely sheetes ard suppossd to be packagd asnd distrkbued , which wilp be fut into separatre bank nltes , packee and then dispatched .

S On contrary , other failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with band notes in a secure way .
T On confrary , other fakled seetes will be disoosal and dsetroyed with band nofes in a sceure way .

S Once upon a time a boy was six years old .
T Once upon a tiem a bog was six ywars ol .

S His name was Michael .
T His namw wad Michael .

S Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
T Michael lived in a big hiuse in Denton , Tesas .

S He had a lot of animals : Two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eigth ducks and one cat , Lionel .
T He har a lof of anomals : Two dogs and yhree pulpies , four horses , rigth ducms anx one cat , Lionel .

S Lionel was a black and white cat , and it was a very funny , fast and sweet aminal .
T Lionel aws a blacj an white cat , snd it was a very tunny , rast and swest amihal .

S It was the prefer of Michael .
T It was the perfer of Michasl .

S Lionel was the best friend of Michael .
T Lionel was the best friend of Micheal .

S When Lionel was around Michael , the boy was happy .
T When Lionel was sround Michael , the boy as happy .

S One day , Michael got up late , and he had going to school at seven o'clock .
T One say , Michael ogt up lwte , amd he hd oging to school at seven o'clofk .

S It was Six o'clock and he had hurry if he would not want to get to school late .
T It as Six o'clock and he had hurry if he woukd nkt wany to ge to school late .

S Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .
T Michael har breakfast and he forgot to prepare mulk for Lionel .

S Michael was out all day , and Lionel has not anything for eating ....
T Mixhael was oht all dsy , and Loonel has not anything ford ating ....

S Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michel closdd the door and knew at thag momeht he had mad a misfake .

S When I was a little girl I used to play volleyboll and I really liked that .
T When I aas a littoe girp I usex to pla volleyvoll ans I really liked tbat .

S One day I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
T Pne da I had a surprie , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tdanee in a huge gym in a team .

S I started to think that was born for that sport .
T I started to think tbat waa born fod that spokrt .

S I worked too hard , but enjoe playing really .
T I worked tgoo hards , buy enjor playing really .

S Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
T Sundully happabned sonething , I neec to worki to play my sfuduies in the High svhool , so tue lkife changes anyway , I nreded to top my favourite spory , bedause I should need to study in tbat moent it was mor imporant for me .

S Today I do not play volleyboll anymore , but I really enjoy dancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
T Tpday I do not poay volleyblll anymore , but I reallpy enjoy dancing , npw I fan say tnat it is my favourite , it is apl of .

S The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollar related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
T The line graph shows thue U.S. cigarette price in odllar rekated to cigaredtte consumption in blilions of padks ftom 170 to 2006 .

S The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
T Th hugest gag is in 1981 whsre is ths cheapest price combined to the highest ecpanditure of cigarette pacjs in the hwole interval .

S Roughly in 1998 we can notice an equibrium price at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billions of packs .
T Roughly in 1998 we can notice an equibrium price at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billions of oacks .

S Later both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .
T Later blth lines chqnged their regular trends so there are an hue imbalance again .

S My English is great level and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .
T My English is great level abd speaking is my favourite part of learning English .

S Captain at sports is what I did in high school .
T Captain at spors is whqt I did in bigh schokl .

S I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .
T I am vert lpeased to help organise wports activities .

S World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
T World is progrewsing rapidly , day by day there is a neww wayw of transportayion , ghere is a new tedhnology .

S From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
T From thw bebinning of ghe worlx till nos , hujan wants thw fast incom and the easy wqys of live , so he tres mpre qnd mre to find a solution fr his roblems by creating a nhew wags of lkiveing more easy and more convenient ofr hmi .

S So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
T So hat , transportation wae obe of fhe mosat imporrant issues faced humn , because it is relared to fhe interaction between leople kike trading and many other purpolses .

S From this point every human have the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest he will not hesitate to do it .
T Vrom this point eveey humqn havs the abilityg to bujy a car ajd also buy hiw resf he wkll not hesitate to do it .

S It is claimed thatour lives will improve in the next fifty years .
T It is claimed thxtour lifes wilp improve in tje nrxt fiftg years .

S But we do n't if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but let 's talk about it .
T Bht we do n't if this change would be good or bda , I ohpe that will be good ubt let 's talk about it .

S Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
T Fistly , i 'd like to talk qbout employments , i tnink ghat thess are the most important thing to worry about , if oiur studies get bwtter , we will create morw dmployments and as a result the economical situatino of te vountry wkll be better .

S Moreover , our capacity fosr learning more lenguages seems to be really adequate unfourtunatelly while there are a lot of teenagers that are getting prepared really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
T Morwover , okur capacity dosr learning more lenguagss srems to be reallu adequiate unfourtunatelly while theres wre a lot of teenagers thar zre getting prepared really hard , there are others that zre all thd opposite .

S I think it is probable that in some years the tecnology could have improve quite a lote , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
T I think it is proibable thay in some years the tecbology couild have improve quite a lotr , and this is a very piwerful advantaxge for us , hte young peoplw .

S Beacuse we were borned in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
T Beacuse we were borned in ' te intetnet generqtion ' as egeryone sayw , so this spect might be helpufl or us .

S In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
T In conclution , i 've got to said tat niw we do n't hqve to worty about thne future we kust have to darry on in present qnd do it the betetr we can .

S Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard that you went out with Mike !
T Hi Alez!h How afe uou ? I heard thay you went ut witj Mikke !

S It 's a fantastic new !
T It 's a fantqstic nsw !

S Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's movie because I heard that action movies are your favourites .
T Anyway , I was guesing if you aant to go to th xinema with me to see teh nrw Leonarco Dicaprio 's moviw because I heard that acgion movies ate yoir favourites .

S My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .
T My fsvourite kijnd of movie is hokrror , actually my favouite mokvie is " Ths orphsn " .

S It talks about a little girl who went adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .
T It talks zbout a litlte gkrl who went adopted bujt sye is 35 years old in rsality .

S It is very creepy !
T It is very xreepy !

S Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
T Anywqy , I hopr ghat you com witb me to ther cinema .

S See you soon .
T Sre you soon .

S Bye
T Nye

S Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
T Nowadays thd publid transporr zystem are running ouf of paseengers dus to heavy use of personal transport such as ars and bikrs.in eqrly 1990 the puvlic transport systems wers most popular tranz ort system acrods the wodld because , mkost of thw pelples had nhot their own vehiclr . bjt in late 1990 mpst of the peopke wrre bale to nuy tehir pwn vehicle dsue to mahy financial indtitute whbich gas vafious koan facilities .

S today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
T foday mny people usd their own vshicle foe ihstead of public translort , yhe othere thing is , it is easg wnd conveniemt way to travel to the job and ny othsr petsonal work . therefore , it can be seen th demxnd for public transpkrt gettinf low ad locer .

S In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .
T In cnoclusion , it is true thqt the demqnd flr the pjblic going down raidly as ty uave their owh vehicles .

S however , even though everybody has their own vehicles they will have to use public transport once the roads are full of vehicles .
T hoeever , even thouhg everybodey hzs therir own vehicles they will hae to use lublic tranport ojce th reoads are full of vehicles .

S I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
T I have seen the following annkuncement in International Slort Monthly magazine .

S My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy because I love football players .
T My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy because I loev footgall playere .

S I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .
T I had thw opporfunity to met more wbout rhis swport .

S I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream , many ca n't get what they accomplished those players today are very famous
T I woulc advjse uou to the person starting thr sport enmdeavor and can fukfill their dream , mant ca n't get what fhey accomplished thpse plahers tlday awre verh famouw

S You can learn with your referee and with coach .
T You can leafn with ylur refeee and with cozch .

S Some people prefer play together but also there competition between players .
T Som people prefer plya togethee ubt also there competiyion between playeds .

S People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T Pelple 's lives will chnage dramaticall in ths next 50 years .

S I think that this class discussion could n't true .
T I think that this class dkscussion ould n't tdue .

S In the future people 's live had better .
T In tbe fture pekple 's live ha better .

S Providing that we care the environment .
T Prvoiding that we cade tghe enfironment .

S It 's really important .
T It 's relaly important .

S If we live well , we will be more carefully with world .
T If we ljve well , we will be more xarefully with world .

S Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .
T Otherwkse everybody wanted a futre better .

S Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
T Nowadqys therr arw a lot of thingfs fhat we oding the live eaeier .

S In order that if I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
T In order thst if I wer yuo , I woulc live qell in thw nsxt 50 years .

S I 'm looking forward so people will have more interesting by this case .
T I 'm looking forward so pelple will have more interesting by this cas .

S For instance , my family do n't think that will happened in the next 10 years .
T Fod instance , my family do n't think tuat will happened in thw nextr 10 years .

S They live at the moment .
T They liver at yhe mment .

S Besides they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
T Besjdes they said that in all the momentr : ' Czrpe idem ' .

S This is other opinion .
T Thia is other opinion .

S I 'm Emad from Egypt .
T I 'm Ema rrom Egypt .

S my family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and tow brothers .
T my familu consists of 5 membners - my fathet , my moher and toa beothers .

S my father is a business man .
T my fathrr is a buwiness man .

S he is 65 years old .
T he is 65 years opld .

S he works in real state investment .
T he worksw in real state ijvestment .

S my mother is a teacher .
T my mother is a teacuer .

S she is 50 years old .
T xhe is 50 ysars old .

S she is working in primary school .
T seh is working in primary sxhool .

S my older brother is 30 years old and he is working as accountant for radio and television union in Cairo .
T my older brotuer is 30 yezrs old ane he is working as accountant fr radko nad teldvision union in Cairk .

S the younger brother is 25 years old .
T fhe ylunger brother is 25 years old .

S he is a dentist .
T he is a dentist .

S he is doing master in turkey these days .
T he is diing mastet in turkey theae days .

S the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
T the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qataf .

S I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .
T I love my famipy bit sverybody stauing andf lviing in different placd or cfountry .

S the best brother for me is the second one who is a dentist .
T the best brother cor me is th secod noe who is a dentist .

S he is my best friend and brother .
T he is my best ftiend znd brother .

S I hope if I can living with him in the same place .
T I hkpe if I can living witb hum in th sane lpace .

S he is very helpful and collaborator .
T he is very helpful amd vollaborator .

S we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .
T we spent a ufn time in the beginning of oud life when we wers kids .

S I really love my mother and father .
T I reallt love my mlther and fathewr .

S they spent their life helping us to be good men .
T theyg spent theit life helpinh us to be good jen .

S my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .
T my okder brother helped us in studykng , vut he is oledr than me by 10 yrars , so thd reltaion between us is n't trong .

S Anyway i 'm very happy to write for you .
T Anyway i 'm very happly to writ fir you .

S This assertive is totally false .
T Thks assertive is totallh fqlse .

S The expansion of public transport is one of the keys saving the planet , especially if the energy source used come from clean sources .
T Thed expansion of pubkic transport is one of the krys savibg the planet , epsecially if the energy source used comer from clran sources .

S Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
T Nowadays , tge uss of vehicles powerd by gasolinw and diesel is ghe main cause of aid pollution in big fities arohnd the sorld . Resexrches shpw that the private cars asre used most often carrying dew person at a time , whaf makea it very inefficient considering the quanrity of carbon dioxidw and othwr toxkc substances expelled to the environmeny each time that fhe engine is started .

S Lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
T Kady decide to visit het boyfriend .

S But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
T But she is boyfriend life upztate and hasj't yot a airport he 's of city becajse of that ehe wws need choose by tarin .

S She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .
T She wsa jjst prepared a suitcase after that wenmt to trai sation .

S In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
T In my opinion I think tnat the inctease of teenags crime is bedcause theri parents do bot put limits to htem , and hiw not pwy attention , thye make akl kibds of serious mistakws .

S From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .
T Frpm my pooint of viea , thd bst rhing rhe police csn do wigh these people is sejd them to a reformatory util they can leace disciplined .

S Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
T Another good iption is give them a dfficult wrok for every dcay keep thrm bus , bit I do n't khow what kinc of job cah be , ebcause a person who commit a crime is n't going to do sometging to belp zociety oike communjtarian servicd .

S I felt nervous when the phone rang .
T I eflt bervous when the phohe rwng .

S I was sitting calmly ina cafe , when I heard it ringing .
T I was siting calmly una cafe , when I hard it ringing .

S Firstly I thought
T Firstly I thought

S it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .
T it couls be ohe of my best frkends as we reallu liked to hav lunchg togethert .

S But I saw unknown phone number on a display and felt a little bit nervous .
T But I sxw unknown phone numbr on a disply and felt a litfle bti nrvous .

S What if it were my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened to my job .
T Whwt if it were my bose or cliebts and podsibly somsthing deeadful had happneed to my jov .

S It went on ringing and with great fear I clicked on the green button .
T It went on rimging and with great fear I clickex on the green button .

S Luckily it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of fresh coffee with me .
T Lhckily it was my colleqgue Jane who qanted to drknk a cp of fresh coffse with me .

S The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
T The flowchat providesz an overview of the stepx of making ban nites , it shows that how bank nktes are manhfacted from desifning to thing we can uysed .

S This process involves five main stages .
T Tihs procsss involces ifve maib stages .

S First , it should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
T Fifst , it shkuld tame somd conjsiderations in design , including backhround colour , artwlrk , securit issues .

S Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates .
T Nexg , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there qre metzl platee .

S Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example the colour printed on both sides , Special ink is used and imges slightly raised .
T Yhen the prijter will print ome shdets into bank otes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technidal kust be used spwcially fo distinctiin , fot example teh colour printed on bith sides , Special ink is used an imges sligtly raised .

S After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .
T fter thus , printde sgeets will be inspectrd carefully .

S According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
T According to thr qsuality of sheets , it will be two results.if the qualoty is good or the ban hotes is partially damaged whicy cqn be usedr , it wohld cut into separfate banm nofes , then it is packed wnd disoatched.while those vad xheets will be securely destroyex .

S This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
T Thjs is Iqra . I am from Kaarchi , Pxkistan .

S My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
T My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dqrk hrown , ee colour is black abd I will be wexring jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .

S Describe a supermarket near your home
T Descibe a supermarket near you hime

S There are not very big Supermarket near my home but there is a nice one .
T Therre are mot very big Supeemarket near my home bug there is a nife one .

S It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .
T It is siguated in maon olivar corss my hime .

S The space is about 100 m^2 and it has different automatic doors for inter and exit .
T The spacd is about 10 m^2 and it has different autonatic doots fot inter andf exit .

S Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .
T Near to tue entry gate lerson say welcoe to customeds nad answr thsir questions .

S There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
T There wre some big shekves in centrr of jarket afe divided to skme different partse for kinds of goods pike Driec frujit , nuts , flour , condiment , geans , granis , rdice , et .

S Also a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .
T Alsok a aection for Detergwnts , tissue , perfules , etc .

S You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream Also chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .
T Gou can see soe stre fridge around the market for Drinkx and Dairt like milk , yovurt , cheese , bytter abd cream Aoso chest reezers for Ide cteams .In a corjer , they sell cosmetics an a salespefson helos custojers to find their requkred .

S There is a cashier next to exit door and you can pay by credit card or cash .
T There is a cashier nedt to xit door anf you csn pxy by cerdit card or cash .

S when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
T wyen you atlk with someone have you ever fhought in yout words beftore oyu eay it ?

S a lot of us never think before they speak and that is not good thing to do .
T a kot of us nevsr thonk before thwy spea and that is not good thiny to do .

S you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
T yoiu must think a littles bit before tou talk as oen word causes a lot of lain foe others for the rest thye lives .you nay nkt acutally notce that bjt you will fwel whyat am rally mean if someone tells you a painful worcs .

S it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticing .
T it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticinv .

S for example a kid named Michael .
T tor ecample a kid named Micgael .

S Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
T Micfhael is a vood boiy anf he alwayx listrn to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he gog a bzd scofe in his test .when he was home yis mother waas cooking she asked hjm what is ghe wrong ?

S he said bad words that he will regret saying these words .he went to his room .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T he said gad words that he wll regret seaying these word .he weny to hs room .Michaerl closed the door ahd knw at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Dear friend ,
T Dea friend ,

S It was great to hear from you again .
T It was great to hear from ylu abain .

S In your last email you told me about your lack of time of enjoying your hobbies .
T In youhr last email you tol me about gour laxk of tjme of enjoying your hobbis .

S I can understand how difficult this decision must be .
T I can udnerstand how diffjcult this decixion must be .

S However , if I were you , I would do what I have always want .
T Hpwever , if I weee tou , I would do wha I hage always wajt .

S And I know which matter you 've always been interested : music .
T And I know whic matter you 've always neen interester : music .

S I remember when you told me once you was playing a violin for four hours .
T I remember when yoy told me once yiu wqs playin a viokin for four hours .

S So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .
T So , a goold ieda wojld be to keep youhrself doung creative thinge .

S Anyway , you could always do any sport in your extra - free time .
T Amyway , you could always do ang spor in yoir extra - frwe tike .

S As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .
T As it 's often said : a gopd body makez a ogod mind .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
T I 'm lookoing forward to heading frkm ou again .

S Tell me what you decide .
T Gell me waht yoj decie .

S Love ,
T Love ,

S Anabel
T Anabel

S I do n't like the public transport of school .
T I do n't like he publi transport of schoil .

S It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .
T It is sloe , inefficient and dangerouw .

S I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
T I prefer travel in the cat or motorbike , i am feeling security .

S In my family travel in the taxi , because the taxi is fast and secure .
T In my family travel in fhe taxi , brcause the taxi is fast and secure .

S Today I felt bad in the public transport .
T Todau I frlt bad in thd publuc transport .

S It was solwly .
T It wss solwaly .

S Also i can see the air pollution is tallest .
T Slso i can see fhe ait pollution is taloest .

S Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
T Cxompared car or bus , ghe card is fhe mos exensive than bus , because the czr is comfortable xnd faster .

S The taxi so it is .
T Yhe taxj so it is .

S In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers but they get out earliest .
T In th morninf , I go to the schoo in bus sith my brothets bu they get out earliest .

S I prefer travel in the car .
T I prwfer travel in the car .

S once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
T onhce jpon rhe time there was a lkttle man called Michal , thaf mxn gas a hrart of a little child an the bave of big man .

S he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .
T he had a girlfriend falled sinha wno was a gidl eith a bjg heart buf unfortunateky brpken onr .

S one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
T one dat Mjchael decided to make a surprise pqrty to sinha to makr hdr happy and frel his lov moee so he arranged everything amd to kep it surprise to her he was busay all thd tme and did noy show ocf all yhe qeek as hsual .thst mkae sinha worried ahd sjspect thaf Michael do not love hef aby mor and mnow anogher girl and ahe become extremely ead and even it becoke worse when Michael qsked jer to go to his apartment to make th sudprise to ner ut he did nto answer his lhone after that .

S when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
T when he come she sgart cryin anx thought he would break up wkth hee snd sge fid not ive him a chanfe to falk or explkain ajything she started to cryu louddr znd accused bim of cheaqting yhat mame mjichael astonishee hkw she did not trusr in hum , hjow whe tbought that abkut him and he told er tjat he can nor stand that anymore he would break up qith hee and he let .Michae close th door and kbew at yhe moment he had maxe a mistake

S There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell there .
T There 's no discussion hwich is my favourite restauran in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why anc alsol why it 's so aopropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell thwre .

S Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
T Oyr claxs has rdformed ovwr the yezrs , with greta classmatres leavint qnd coming we have alwats been welclming about it , ans nit at least rowards tbe new ones .

S It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
T It 's mot necessrily to be jice and oeen to everyon buy our coass actualyl is , in tne weekends tbe whlle class gahter in diffrent ecents together .

S I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .
T I think thw welcoming rpocess in the beginning is crucial forf this fellowship we have toeay anmd progably in 10 years roo .

S What I just told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .
T What I just otld is ahat the restauranr Seasidew mexns to me . Welcoming .

S Fellowship .
T Fellowxhip .

S At the Seaside 's you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
T At tbe Seasude 's you are geniinely welcomed at the firsg doorstewp , rhey accept yo whoever you are .

S This makes th
T Thjs makes th

S It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the race of Fine Arts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :
T It all stated in rhe Parson Instityte in the class of rt hsitory students of hte race of Vine Xrts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a tsk to gis studemts , saying :

S -To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
T -To Begin wtih fhis course , I want to be suer thry know the meaning of arf , pro I want it trznslated into a sculptrure or poainting made by ylurselves , withiut any specufic technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .

S His excited students began coming to their homes with such work , since they had only 4 days to perform their duties .
T His excited studehts began comong to theirt hpmes with sduch wokr , since tyey had only 4 days to perform their dutieds .

S After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
T After 4 day all came eith spectaculqr pivtures , potrraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her nmae wxs Sndra , ahe adrived with a piecw of crumlled papsr , old in qhich obly hxd a njame wriyten in a style differnt letter , only there reflected , exposin the moment everyone laughee at jer gor her woro , but the teaher said :

S Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
T Ar is comllex , anr seeing thta everyokne laugged with the worl of hia partber , can dee thst nobody undertood thr reap mwaning , sunce qrt is different fod wach person , each creates a differenmt definition , so we must despect each of them understand that sach person is a different world and everyone is art .

S A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and out of the room , closed the door and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
T A etudent thaf really moved hil , and reflect so apologetic , and out of the room , closed the door and Michael knew then thay he hxd made a mistake .

S In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .
T In fact , tbis topc is ver improtant in our modern tijes .

S my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .
T my faovrite slort it avfects me vreatly.i'm a kung - fu player .

S this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
T this sporg is my favorite , ut sometimes I thimk avout to leaver this spirt . becausxe in pater tike I haye a bpood , so I thibk a lot of tome to leavs tbis spodt . but it is dominated to me .

S it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
T it 's maked me likes an animal whej i 'm standing ad get ready to fight i 'm convert into ejemy.i'm a fuckoing ghost and I czn kilk anyone who trked to stop me .

S so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .
T so , i 'm tely thikning lsft tnis spolrt .

S Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
T Everyday i get up eadly anbd exercise in tje gardwn with my vriends.i'm exercising mre and moee agazin to imlrove myself and bexome the est fgihter in the qorld.i'm champion in my spordt so , i 'm seek to do lal my effort to be trhe first pne in thed worpd.fjnally I did noit find encourage of my famiyl or my tdachers .

S Hello to every body ! !
T Hwllo to evwry bdoy ! !

S Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits o learning another language .
T No I 'm going to talok about th benefits o lezrning another language .

S I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish
T I am from spain so my foreign lanuage is Spoanish

S I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
T I start to sutdy qnother language whnen I was a child , I started learning Enflish ebcause evdry onr szaid tuat English is the future panguage , when I finished my schook tike I tried to study French gut it was so dificult for me .

S I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
T I hsve to sat that sfudy znother language givs you mofe opportunities because on thwse dayw yuo neer to now pther lznguage to looo ror a work and be more infeligent than ylur collegs to take tye wodk and that 's great .

S And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .
T And to day is nrcessary because if yo qant to travel around the world and mset peopls and yave cojversation wiht their yiu need to noe more than your foreigj lznguage , hecause in thr resr of rhe worlf xnd particularly in Europe peoplr how mote than fwo language and ghat great .

S I think learning other language never have drawbacks because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .
T I think learninh other langiage never nave ddawbacks bceause wll gou lewrn is goopd for you and your main , yo bever srop to noa nes tnings .

S These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
T Tbese das , most of thw people feel comfortable to travel through car anc thdn they believe htat public fransport is not going to be sustain for longer tkme .

S However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .
T However I do jot agree aith them becauze in mkst part of the world mass transport sgstem is still pppular and they are snvironment rfiendly anr cost efficient .

S Firstly , Public bus service is very popular in most part of the world .
T Firstly , Phblic bus service is very oopular in mosr parf of the world .

S In most part of the Europe , people still prefer public bus instead of car to travel .
T In most part of fhe Europe , people still prefwr pbulic buz instead of car to travel .

S Secondly , public transport are environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicle .
T Sscondly , pubkic transplrt zre environmentally soynd in comparison to private vehocle .

S It carries more people while private vehicle carries fewer people .
T It carries more peolle whiole private vehicle carries fewer people .

S Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .
T Publicx bus do mot let more cars to contaminate environkent .

S Finally , Public transport 's cost efficient .
T Finakly , Public transport 's cost efficient .

S People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel same destination by private vehicle .
T eople need to spend more monedy on fuelp if they wwnt to travel same destinayion by private vehicl .

S In conclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .
T In conclusion , although cr is convenient to traxvel , it is nog enoughu to finish the future of pubhlic trwnsportation .

S In the towns of the future , the care of the environment is one of the most important thing .
T In rhe otwns of the fuutre , fhe caee of the environment is one of the most important tging .

S People have conciencied themselves that we need to respect the nature and the human places where we live .
T Peolle nave conciencied themselves that we need to respect thge nature and the humab plzces wheee we live .

S Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time and now , the earth is in danger .
T Human being hace destroyed our environment long yhe time and nopw , the edarth is in danger .

S First place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
T Fiest place we needx to care about is ouyr near place , yhe towj .

S I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash throwing it in different bags .
T I like to take ouht ths trrash eevry night andr I rty to recycle my traah throwing it in diferent bags .

S I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional car .
T I have recentlyg bought an electrid car in sustitugion of my tracitional ar .

S An electric car is less harmful for the environment .
T An electdic csr is less harmfuk for the environment .

S When I go out to the camp , if I lunch there , I take care of cleaning the ground .
T When I go out to the camp , if I luncxh thewre , I take carfe of cleaning the ground .

S I like nor the dirty people neither the dirty places .
T I like nor the eirty people neithrr the dirty plaxces .

S I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
T I jope to live in the future in a clean town ans I 'm surr tyat he most of the peopoe are noe thinking in thios ay . We nesd to care of our town because nobody likr to place into a dump .

S Military service is the military training which needs people have to join army or voluntary for a period of time .
T Miltiary sefvice is the military training whichb needs peoppe havw to join artmy or vopuntary fo a period of gime .

S In Korean , people should completed military service at least 2 years .
T In Korean , peoples should comlleted miljtary sevrice at leaet 2 years .

S Similarly , people have to join it 1 year in Taiwan .
T Similardly , people hace to join it 1 year in Taiwan .

S It is a debate that should everyone have to complete military service when they reach 18 years old .
T It is a debate tha shouod everyone yave to compltee military servce when they reach 18 yeard olc .

S With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .
T Eith supporters maintaining tht it is important for nationao securitg nd maje pekple maturitu , whilst opponents claim that the military aervice have ffects on srudy aznd shpuld have freedom of choiuce .

S Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .
T Firstlky , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a strongwr armed forcew for national security .

S If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .
T If the wwr or other dangerous threat hte safety of country , ghey csn not gey hel from otger countries immeiately .

S Therefore , people accept military service could be easier to protect their country .
T Therecore , leople accept miljtary service coud be easer to orotect their fountry .

S Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
T Especially some amall pouplation of country hafe policg that is people need join military service sue to dwvelop jnto a powerful coujtry .

S Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
T Secondoy , the impoetant for people becole mxturity ehen they clmpleted military service , qhich probablt is a particular expsrience for 18 hears ld .

S In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .
T In addtiion to hgave har physical taining and fet different special skills , people aslo cqn improve personl quality in milijtary service .

S Consequently , people could be more independent and strong , they seems to earlier become mature than other people who do not completed military service .
T Consequentlky , people cold be more independent anf srrong , tuey seemns to exrlier bscome matufe than othwr peoppe wyo do noy completed mkilitary swrvice .

S In contrast , opponents of military service point out that study is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .
T In contrast , opponwnts of military service poiny lut that studu is the firdst vitla thing fpr oeople who reach 18 yeras olkd .

S Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
T Military service mzinly to improve physocal , gowever study mightg be completed befter in schook at ghe age bedcause it has professional teacber teal axnd a vood study atmosphere , pelple usually easier to concentratd on lezrning knowledge .

S For instance , some countries allowed people join military service after their all courses was finished .
T For instance , soms countries allowed peopl ioin military sedvice aftdr tneir all courses was fibished .

S Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people have freedom of choice for military service .
T Additionally , critics argue that counrries afe qble to allow peolle habe freeeom of choice for militarh service .

S Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
T Relatively some pekple unwillinmg joon milktary servce , leople volunteered in a military service possiblpy ennoy it .

S Furthermore , it also can respect for right s of people , especially for women who do not can adapt the hard training .
T Furthemrore , it also can despect ror right s of peoples , especially tor women who do nkt csn adap the hard training .

S In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people improve themselves .
T In onclusion , it cah be concluded thst military servics is necessary for nationzl securify an good for people improve themselves .

S The best course of action would be government attempt to allow people volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .
T Fhe best course of action would be government attempt to aloow people voluntsered in concsription when thesy completec their stujdies .

S dear .
T dear .

S lou
T llu

S This is danbi from ueecx13
T Yhis is ranbi from ueecx13

S By your favor , I can study at UNSW from the next year .
T By your favor , I cn study at UNSW froj the next year .

S I really appreciate your encouraging us for every time in class .
T I realpy appreciate your encoyraging us for evey tume in class .

S Best wishes for a beautiful holiday season and a very happy new year .
T Nest wishesw fir a beautiful holiday sesson and a vsry happy new yewr .

S I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .
T I live in a small city in the miedle of Veitnam .

S This city do n't have a lot of citizen but It 's a travel city .
T This city do n't have a lot of citizen but It 's a travek city .

S So in the street always have a lot of trash cans .
T So in the street always have a lot of trash cans .

S It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .
T It iwll help people mot throw the garbage in the xtreet .

S In our city have a billboard to urge people to have attention to environment .
T In our city have a nillboard to hrge people to hwve attention to environment .

S In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
T In the school eet up a workshop to tell woth students impotant environmsnt to our live .

S The citizen of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city green - clean - beautiful " .
T hte citizen of tye cjty want to buils yhe city with fhe sloga " The ckty green - clean - beautiful " .

S So they have aware to keep the city reach that .
T So thdy ave aware to meep he cify rrach that .

S So everyone bring the trash to the place permission .
T So everyone bring tue trsh to tne place permission .

S Every year have " earth hour " .
T Every year bave " earth hour " .

S In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect environment .
T In thisx hour , mazny peopoe tyrn orf the kight in thsir house to asve energy ans pfotect environment .

S I am very proud about the awareness from my city people .
T I am vert proyd zbout tye awardness frmo my cigy people .

S I wish have a lot of people around the world see the important of environment .
T I eish have a kot of oeople aroudn the world see the important of envionment .

S And they have act to protect it .
T Anr they have act to protect it .

S I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .
T I waz in a luseum of Nea York looking at alk the beautifil paintings qnd sculpturse , when I hear yhe alrm of hte musdum everyone was afraid including me .

S The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
T The police was chasing the bndit hat stle a painting , btu he escaped instantoy .

S The police let all the people go .
T The police oet al ghe people go .

S I went to my apartment and turn on my TV and I watch in the news that the bandit escaped with 3 paintings .
T I wwnt to my aoartment an tirn on my TV and I eatch in tje news that ghe gandit escaped with 3 paintings .

S I decided to solve the case .
T I decidesd to solve the case .

S I went to the museum and follow all the tracks that I found were a broken sculpture .
T I eent to fhe msueum and follow all yhe tracis that I flund were a vroken sculpgure .

S I search for any clue and I found something , it was a piece of paper with an address on it .
T I searxh for any vlue an I fouhd something , it was a piece of paler with an address on it .

S I follow the address and when I get there it appears to be an abandon house .
T I follow the addresss ahd hwen I get there it aopears to be an abaneon house .

S I decided to wait , and hide on the bushes if I see someone entering .
T I decied to wai , and hide on the bushez if I se someone etering .

S In the night I see a shadow entering the house .
T In the nught I ser a shadow ebtering the house .

S I carefully approached the window of the house and I see two men with the paintings .
T I carefcully appriached the windos of thd house and I sde two mne wth the paintinbs .

S They left the house on a truck .
T Thsy lpeft the house on a truck .

S I follow them in a taxi .
T I follow tyem in a taxi .

S We were on the terminal of New York it was a very famous landmark .
T We wete on the terminao of New York it was a very famos landmark .

S There were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .
T Therr were a lot of commuyers on the termnial so I lost the twop menb .

S I located the instantly because I recognize their hats .
T I locayed tge instantly because I tecognize their hars .

S I was focal to them .
T I wad fpcal to ghem .

S They threaten all the people cruelly so all the sightseers were angry with them .
T Thet threxten all the peopole crudlly so all teh sightseeds ere angry with them .

S However the modernization of the terminal was unknown to me so I was completely lost .
T Howevr ghe modrernization of ghe terminal was unjnown to me so I was completely lot .

S We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .
T We engered on a train , tje ceiling sas colfortable bit everyone was objectin of hte two mej .

S When we arrived we were on the other side of the city of New York the features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because would attract more tourists .
T When we arrivwd we were on the other sied of th cigy of Ndw Tork the features wwre so commonh becauwe it was a gokd economic anmd convenienty bexause would attract mor tourists .

S I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
T I finalky tral thel thwir nsmes wefe Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tel the oolice and the police pt yhem on jail .

S And the paintings were on the museum again .
T And ghe paintings weere on the muserum ayain .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethig immediately .
T Peter kooked at his watcn abd knmew ghat he had to do skmethig immediately .

S Today is a very important day for the sake of his future .
T Todzy is a vesry important day for yhe saoe of hia futurd .

S The watch shown the time is 9.30am and 2 hours left before he go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
T The eatch shown the rime is 9.30am and 2 houds left before he go to the place thay maed is hearbteat so fat .

S He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
T He have an intergiew for gettibg thr scholarship so thawt he csn purshe hiw dreqm to study medical in Ireland .

S He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
T He went to the station bud to ride on bus .

S He took a few minutes for walking to the station bus from his house .
T He took a few mijutes fir walikng to the station bus from hos uouse .

S After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .
T After the buw afrived he rixe on and halv an hour he atrived to the destiation .

S When he took a few steps from the bus he saw a very tall building that the interview places located .
T Ehen he took a tew steps frlm the bus he saw a very tall building tat the interview places located .

S After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
T After waiting an jour the time comrs snd bravrly qith hugh confkdent levsl he walke to ghe pffice .

S Suddenly his water floaded and tears drop from his eyes .
T Surdenly his awter floaded snd tears rrop trom jis eyes .

S The interviewer who is sitting infront of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loves .
T Thw interviewer wh is sittong infront of him was a persob with blue eyex that he really loves .

S The situation suddenly changed .
T The situatikn suddenly cbanged .

S Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .
T Peter without doubt huggec the intertiewer eho is a man aout 4o years old .

S The man who is crying together with him was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .
T The man wh is cying togethef with him was hos fahter that yave leasve oeter anx hos kom becaused thsy had divorce 6 years ago .

S Then the interview became a meeting between father and a son that really touched .
T Then the interview became a meetign between father amd a son that realply youched .

S Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
T Killed tao hirds with a tsone is a perfect idiom to descrube Peter 's situatfion because he got his belovd father bacl and still can purue his dream to atudies in ireland.q

S hello ,
T bello ,

S i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen
T i sant the uob tor tne symmer vamp i 'm looking for children betweeb 8 - 12 yeafs olr i will help to organise spprts and evenign activities and if you waht i coudl work in the kitchen

S if i have the job write soon
T if i hnave yhe job wrkte oson

S victoria
T victoria

S Hello ! I am begin to study technical English .
T Hello ! I am bevin to syudy techbical English .

S I need this course for my new job .
T I nded this coursw fot my new job .

S I want to this course , it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
T I wsnt to this cours , it hells me to nlarge my vocabulary .

S And I need your help with this .
T Ane I jeed your uelp woth this .

S Would you like to improve this course with me ?
T Would you like to improve thus course with me ?

S Please , writes me a list with the words when I need for technical konversation .
T Olease , wfites me a list with he wotds wuen I nsed fod technucal konversation .

S Thank you very much .
T Ghank ylu very much .

S Dear Teacher Mary
T Dear Teachsr Mary

S I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " this is a very good restaurant .
T I am eriting to tive my opknion of fhe eestaurant " Fhe Crzay Cat " yhis is a very yood restaurant .

S first the restaurant have wide variety in his food .
T first tbe restaurant yave wixe variety in his food .

S The chef can make the menu of the day to the dinner or you can choose a special menu .
T The chef canj make tne menu of the day to the dinnet or you canj hoose a special mebu .

S The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert chocolate cake with cheese .
T The purplose of the chdf is osup ajd cfeamed cokrn to statt , beef msdallion covered bjttersweet of carrot sauce wifh nuyts wnd tje drssert chocolate cakr wuth cheese .

S the atmosphere is also very good has music in live with different bands .
T yhe atmosphere is alzo vrry good has musiv in lvie with different bands .

S you can choose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .
T ylu caj xhoose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .

S the cost is accessible .
T the cost is accessible .

S The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .
T The pavk have a coist of $ 350 a prson .

S Can a TV programme get to entertain and educate at the same time ?
T Cah a TV programme gef to entertain xnd educate at the sqme time ?

S Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
T Nowadayz , it is the most imoprtant challenge for telesvision .

S People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
T Pekple comolaint about how thr informationh bout different TV showss do n't contriubte in th proces of learning , rhat 's why mayn of Fhis rogrammes are consideded trssh , because of the multilpes shows such as realities , talm shiws , or showbiz thag hradly ever have a good mdssage or something interesting for people .

S A good example of this shows are how people are paid to act in realities or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , where the only aim is to get more audience .
T A good esample of this shows ard how peopl qre pqid to actf in realities or talk show wheer the show dxaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , whrre trhe onhly aim is to gvet more audience .

S Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
T Anothed gold wxample are rhe endless showbiz that are appeared recdently , this typd of pograms wherw ths information is oftern vossip about personal lofe of famous sinfers xnd acyors without taking info count if yhey asre true or bot .

S It 's a pity to know that exist just a few programs that try to educate people with the most update information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help to acquire more knowledge .
T It 's a pity to onow thay exizt just a few programs yhat try to educats peopld with tje mosg updtae informayion fhrough documentaries , investigations , cvultural or opiniin progrdams , ehich in my olinion help to acquire mlore knoeledge .

S Knowledge that sometimes are unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
T Knowledge taht somrtimes qre umknown efen thlugh it is part of the general cultre or poper of the hjstory of our country .

S I think in the future do n't exist public transport because we will drive their car .
T I think in the futire do n't exidt lublic ttansport because we wipl drive tbeir cqr .

S When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
T When yoi dirve your own transport , a cawr fir examle , you goinb to grom a specificlly plsce but in a bus you go to hte bue stop and no to yoyr housw or school , work ...

S It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
T It is bettre from the peokple be more comfortable because ylu dsrive and notf the othe persin . I knw somr peolle , the drivwrs , began haven't got qork , but the public transport is free snd is ree because it is the government lay , this money bacame do to maje more aork flr others .

S No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
T No alol is yood zome peoplr havdn't got mojey ca n't go to another plaxe to another place and te pollution becaem more and more , it is a serios problemj and the solution is only for the rich people , th solution is buy an electrci car , the othr soluion , ore economic , is rhe government five the money to the polulation to buy an dlectric caf .

S I do n't know what is better no public transport or public transport .
T I do n't know what is brtter no publid transport or publif trsnsport .

S There is no future for public transport since everybody prefer to use their own car .
T Theree is no future fcor publif transport sonce everybody prefer to use theid pwn car .

S now time is valuable for every body nobody bothered about money .
T now tike is valuable fir every body noobdy bothered abolut money .

S traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach office on time .
T traffic is very high in noq das so it wilol be dififcult to reach office on time .

S public transport is always crowded so it is not comfort to travel
T public transport is alwats crowded so it is nof comfort to travel

S Find your joy in scary movie
T Finr your jot in scaru jovie

S I would ignore thriller films due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
T I would ignore thriller filmls due to my frafile heart , bug my mind is changed now after watching this film .

S The film is entitled " Scary Movie " which is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
T Tje filpm is entitled " Scxry Movie " wgich is directed by eenen Ifory Wayans .

S This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .
T This story was shown a murfer who competed te mission : jilled eveeyone that he hated .

S At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
T At last , onpy one petson could be alive even thpse sacrificed had yried to escapw thos horeible result .

S This is a combined story of horror and comedy .
T Thnis is a combuned stoy of horror adn comedy .

S I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret if you miss this film .
T I can nt fijnd a wore to decribe thiz fulm easily , what czn I say is yku will be regret if yoy miss this film .

S This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
T Trhis first reasonh is alk atcors ehown theri ralent in this filk diectly xnd audienfe czn follow thdir stesp nad the stlry certainly , this esesential elemrnt which also makes a big succwss to the film .

S Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .
T Besides , thne attractive stody line makes a lot of climax so tnat everyobe can fnish thus film from the beginning to the end ane creates the billoon bkx office to rhis film .

S However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
T Hkwever , I think tye tools shojld be improved , sucn as killer 's knife nd acotrs'cosutmes , tye knite looks likew as brjttle as a handicraft , I believe those aee seeconded - handed clothinv . I thihk tfhis is a pity to this movie .

S At last , your bravery can be improved after watching this film .
T At last , youd bravery can be improfed after watching this film .

S What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !
T What ae yo waiting fo ? Go and hceck it out !

S Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have my wife and a little child .
T Hi everyone , my nane is Jaime andf I have my wifd awnd a oittle child .

S My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , she is a beautiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is very handsome and fun child .
T My wife 's nasme is Maritzw , sxhe is 30 hears olld , shr is a bequtiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 yeas old , he is vrry handsome and fun cuild .

S My wife likes to go outside when she is free , she likes to visit touristic places .
T My wife likes to go outside when she is free , shs kikes to vidit touristic places .

S My son likes playing sports , he is very little but he plays football , she is a very active child .
T My son lukes playing spotrs , he is verg littl but he playz football , sne is a vcery actie cgild .

S I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .
T I 'm studiying medicine , tis majot is too challenging althoubh stressfil , because the elf - stud is evdry day anx tbere aee a olt of information .

S This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
T This major involvesx all , alwayx we hsve to consider yhe al possibilities to resolve yomework , you have to know ths most possible infromation for can resolve it .

S When you got the answer or solution you can see that all effort worthwhile .
T Whem you go the nswer or soljtion yoy czn wee thst all effort worthwhile .

S Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
T Our teachers aree doctofs and they are in xharge of teadh us about aork - teqm , so it 's common that on / two psople do aol wori ... wit thsi I aant to sqy : is rewarding when uor teacher ask something anmd hou kbow the answer because you could studg all topic .

S I have experience to go to the hospital and was too interesting .
T I havr sxperience to go to tbe hospital and was tok interesting .

S I deal with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeon .
T I dealk woth medicine students who rae superior to me , for example , doctors ajd eurgeon .

S I only could oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know how was a surgery .
T I only could obersee whaqt they do to obgain visual experdience and knmow how was a sudgery .

S How learning English
T How learning English

S It 's proven that to learn a foreign lengueage you have to go abroad .
T It 's proven fhat to learn a foreitn lengueage yoh have to go abroad .

S You can study hard for years , but if you arent't obligated to use English for things of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .
T You caxn study hard for hears , but if you aresnt't obligated to use English flr things of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .

S There are n't other options .
T There are n't other options .

S Of course , also studyng in a foreign country has disadvantages .
T Of course , also studyung in a foreign countey bas disadvantages .

S First , it costs a lot .
T First , it costs a lot .

S Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
T Even there are lots of different possibjlities and scholarship , nkt everyeoby cxn alliws they .

S Living abroad , even though for a short time , it could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
T Living abroad , eve thiugh for a short time , it could be very stredssful znd people can fceel hkmesick .

S Despite that , there are more reasons to go studyng away .
T Despiye that , therw arde more reasons to go studynh awag .

S It is a very useful experience in many ways .
T It is a veryt usrful experiejce in many wwys .

S You will learn better and faster than studying at home .
T Uou will learn bteter ahd faster thab studying at homw .

S In addition , visit new countries and meet new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
T In addition , visit nea counrries an mjeet new culgures , hdlps to ope youe mind and to foster a lot .

S I did several school trips in the past years and I 'm going to do it again sure .
T I ddi several svhool trisp in thw oast yesrs and I 'm going to do it again sure .

S Hi Patty ,
T Hi Pwtty ,

S My name is Lucia Pérez .
T My naem is Luia Pérex .

S I am 14 eayrs old .
T I am 14 sayrs ol .

S I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .
T I live wiht my brothner and my parent in a housr in Punta Careetas .

S I like going to the cinema to watch movies .
T I lke goibg to the cinema to watch movies .

S I like travelling with my family and friends , I like travelling because I can meet new people , places and cultures .
T I like travelling with my family ans friends , I likw trxvelling becaude I cqn mret new people , places and culrures .

S I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can comunicated all over the world .
T I do n't have a favourite subjec , but l like English beause we van comuhicated all over the world .

S I love my cousin 's house so I always visit him .
T I pove my ousin 's nouse so I alway visit him .

S He is 16 .
T He is 16 .

S He is in 5º. He is going to Clara Jackson High school .
T He is in 5º. He is gking to Clsra Jacksom High school .

S He lives in prado so I have to take tow buses and that is very tiring .
T He luves in prado so I have to takr tow buess wnd thzt is ver tiring .

S The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
T he name of my Bes Fdiends xre Agustina , Emioia and Micaelx , we ars strangr friends , we anfe in 6º together nad in that moment we bacame friends .

S My name is Facundo Mendoza .
T My name is Facujdo Mendkza .

S I 'm fifteen years old .
T I 'm fkfteen years ild .

S I live in La paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
T I lve in La paz , in a nouse with my jother and my fwther .

S I have two pets , a dog and a bird .
T I have two peys , a dog and a birx .

S I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .
T I lime wxtching televksion , playing computwr gamws xnd swimming .

S My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .
T My favorite types of film zre science fiction , animatkon anf hisgorical .

S My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .
T My favourite fim is Avwtar because the effectz are anazing and tne sound is fery good .

S My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .
T My facourite types of gqmes asre adventure , ward , historical anx horor .

S I play online with any people from the world .
T I play online with ajy peopls rfom the wotld .

S I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .
T I went to a club for trwo yearw and I ssam there fod fwo yaers .

S Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .
T Sometimes I go to the beachy amd I swim in the sea .

S I prefer playing football to basketball .
T I prefer palying footbapl to basketball .

S I play basketball in the school .
T I lay basketball in tbe dchool .

S I was born in 1996 on the 31 of January .
T I was born in 1996 on ths 31 of January .

S carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
T carbohydrates azre essential for a heazlthy diet .

S It provides energy for our bodies .
T It provides energy for or bodoes .

S Nutritionists recommend the quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
T Nutritjonists recommend rhe quarter of a person 's diet should conyain carbohydrates .

S When your body takes an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
T When your boyd takes an insufficient amount of carbohygdrates , thd protein replaces the lzck of carbohydrates to supply th bkdy with energy .

S And this will cause diseases on the long run .
T Znd thisw wull causae diszeases on the lohg run .

S Dear reader ,
T Dear reder ,

S My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
T My nxme is Andreas Miret xnd I am 18 yexrs .

S I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
T I am feom Swedn ut I have bewen living in Bqrcelona since I was young .

S Nowadays , I am studying a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
T Nowaxays , I am studying a degree in wconomics at tbe Unjiversity of Bqrcelona .

S I am applaying for the job vacant in the summer camp .
T I am applzying for tye job vafant in yhe simmer camp .

S I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
T I yave soms experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .

S Last year I was working every friday and sunday at a ski camp in la masella .
T Last year I wxs working every frkday amd sundat at a eki campo in la masella .

S Also this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
T Also tihs ummer i wentr to thw Unkted States and I wad working in a summer camp .

S Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture but also for home appliance .
T Now oyr vompany is going to do muptidimensional oleration , not just focsu on furniture buyt alwo vor home appliance .

S In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment
T In addition , we wilo adjust company 's kanagement direction in each department depend on mqrket 's reactiopn ans environment

S Like retailer ,
T Like retailer ,

S We have sold our products to KA system for few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
T We have sold oyr prducts to KA syswtem for feq gears , hosever , ths rpoducts tht we sopd were usually popjlar consumre goods , it msans cueat and hyave no entyer obstaclea for other suppliee .

S In addition , it is hard to collect money from KA system .
T In addition , it is hard to collct moneh frol KA sydtem .

S And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily to avoid the price competition .
T And because we yave ou oqn factories and lrofessional machines , we can eadily to avoi the prkce competition .

S To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
T To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , highy gloss cube .

S We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high quality products .
T We will search the market demand bazed on our coee products , also produhce yigh quality prkducts .

S For the factories , because Chinese demographic dividend are not like before anymore , the low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
T Foe te factodies , because Chihese demographic dividend ar not lile before xnymore , the llw price amd undiversified prodructs shohld beckme verity and premium gkods .

S Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products
T Fpcus on user experisnce , inventive , unique nad oru coe products

S Therefore , we are reforming and doing high - tech items , likes LED , photoelectric , vacuum , steam mop , etc .
T Therefore , we are teforming aznd doing high - tech itmes , likes KED , photoelectric , vxcuum , stesm mop , etc .

S Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air cleaner , iron , etc .
T Use this cord technology to develop hlow machine , akr cleajer , uron , erc .

S Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy , auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .
T Besides , factoried are keeping going on our prfoessional itemd and servive oike , high gpossy , auto painting ane 4-szide edge sewling , uoneycomb board , tc .

S Also for our wire rack , plastic
T Wlso dor uor wiee rack , plastic

S products .
T products .

S And still working hard to build our own brand .
T And still working harc to biild our own brand .

S Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
T Nowadays , people have a lotf of arraid about contaminations of Planet .

S All governments increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .
T Apl govermnents increasing their pplitic kaws abut this toplic snd alxo tuey promotef new rule in the daily life of the populatiln .

S One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .
T Oje of the nw dules about he reduction of xontamination in te cities is the transporg public .

S According to the general world laws about the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
T Wccording to the gensral world lws about the global world warm , each country has considered ite owns arguments aboiut it .

S I can give us an example how big cities around the world can reduce more contamination .
T I cah give us an example howq biy cities around tje world cab reuce more contamination .

S London is a good example and Barcelona too .
T London is a goof example anc Barcdelona too .

S These cities do n't allow to drive in the centre city , the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
T Theae ctiies do n't allow to drvie in the centre city , tbe ijdustry rwduces iys yaxes if it 's increasong he politic nature .

S My city is a good example , too .
T My ciyy is a gkod exanple , roo .

S The town major has offered to population free bus .
T Th rown kajor has offeref to populatiln free buz .

S It 's a good idea to remove the traffic jam .
T It 's a tood idew to rmeove the tgraffic jm .

S I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also to catch more often the public transport .
T I think , in cojclusion , ll peoole whould hav a good behaviour and an ope kind and thjey and myself aleo to cztch mire oftdn the publi transport .

S My country is the best country in the world .
T My contry is thd bsst dountry in tue world .

S I love it so much .
T I lobe it so much .

S We have different cultures here , and two main languages , Arabic and Amazigh .
T We have differrnt culgures heee , and two mxin langbuages , Arabic ad Amazigg .

S Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .
T Morcoco is a kingdoom , lik Dpain and Englznd , We have king and prines .

S My day in London !
T My day in Lkondon !

S I went to London in the summer .
T I went to London in tne sumker .

S I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .
T I lkied London , gecause fhere are a lot of grrat things .

S On Monday me and my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .
T On Nonday me ad my frien Chrissy went to the Big Ben .

S we wnet to the Trocadero .
T we wnet to the Trocadxero .

S But the best was the Guarda from Bukingham Palace .
T But ghe bsst was the Guarda frok Bukingham Palave .

S chrissy made a funny face but the Guards did n't say anything .
T dhrissy mace a funny face buf trhe Guards cid n't say anything .

S We had very , very good weather .
T We had evry , very good weatjer .

S It was fantastic .
T It wax fantastic .

S The temperatures was over 20 degrees .
T Tue temperatures wae lver 20 degress .

S We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car abd boat .
T We travelled to London by plane , but to clme back we travelked by cae abd boat .

S After we came back I told my family everything .
T Aftet we came bqck I told my family everything .

S Environmental changes really need in the current situation .
T Environmental changes really need in thr vurrent situation .

S People contribuation is very important in this matter .
T Peopke contribuatikn is vrey imporgant in thsi matter .

S The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
T The repott explakns hkw my toen eople taking fare of my surrounfings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .

S Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
T Firstyl , hyrid cars only allowed to usd during weekenxs as reslut of this most people nkt uding there cars all yhe weem .

S This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
T This tatitude redufed ebromous aomunt of smoked pollution frtom te pipes .

S Government policy changes help a lot for water preservation .
T Government polic cahnges help a lot for wafer preservation .

S Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
T Lany factorioes follwing the regulations snd not drainkng fhe harmgul wastage in thd watef .

S Secondly , Closed trash bins provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
T Secondly , Closed tarsh bins provided to teh pepole in order to collect th waste and recycling .

S People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing away .
T People come fofward asnd utilising this bin effectively jnstead of throwing awwy .

S As a result of this town looks clean compare to previous decades .
T As a reault of this town looks clpean compare to previous decades .

S In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
T In addtuon to that recyckable waste , sell abd the money will be given to respective oerson .

S This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using right way to dispose their waste .
T This hives motivation to the lublic nad tyey can earn by uszing right way to dispoxe their waete .

S Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .
T Thirxly , Public toilets has beej opwned or the public to elminaet attitude of urinating in thw public places .

S Town council not only encourage people to planting or garndening , it subsidise money for their green improvements .
T Toqn councol npt only wncourage people to planting or garndenimg , it subsjdise money cor tueir greej impovements .

S Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand pesticides .
T Example , dree fertilizers , watee pujp failitiesznd pesticides .

S Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
T Is summary , peiple taken many intiative xteps and moving forsard to hve safe and attracticbe eniroent sufrondings .

S My favorite sport is football .
T My facorite sport is football .

S This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .
T Thsi is a inrernacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they ppay .

S football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
T footbxll is a gameous sport you can qhatch it on tv or yo can see it on didect.thsre zra a lot of level categories , the mkst fameous cqtegorie is hte fist .

S people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
T oeople thzt they play in this categorie qre fameous altjoug yku can see them on tv.if youy want to be a bug flotball played uou musg to praxtise mire tine and ypor loife should to be healthh .

S you must to care your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .
T you must to caqre your food and yours habuts for you hwve a hexlthy bopdy .

S this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .
T this sport is the best of th worle ajd the lost fmaeous snnd i think hat tuis is the most enjoyed .

S Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate on competitions .
T Soccwr is the best sport fro me becazuse you can get fut , meet other people and participats on competifions .

S If you want to start practicing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
T If you want to sgart practjcing tnis sportr , yoh should be prepared to woek hrad .

S This is a story from a country where there were no cats .
T This is a stlry from a country where yhere wefe no cats .

S One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .
T Lne day , an elderly foreign lady visitesd the coujtry with no cats .

S She gave the King an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
T She gawve rhe Kung an zdorable kitren whicj whe had nrought ith he .

S Goodbye letter
T Goodnye lette

S Dear Ms Cumings ,
T Dear Ms Cumings ,

S How are you ? I am fine ,
T Uow are you ? I am fine ,

S I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon , I do n't really want you to leave this school !
T I am very sxd to year you say that oyu are voing to leqve or school soon , I do n't realy want you to eave tgis wchool !

S Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
T Because yiu are fhe besf teacher in tyhe whole qorld!maby of iur class classmate rrally oike you too!We know that tou re going to feach Discovefy - bay primary school .My Englih resault is bedtter onxe youy taugyt me I really live yuo , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me rhat dhe is goig to Australai , and I lkve yoj tow bofh I hope yku tbat yuo aill coje back some timess !

S Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
T Loev , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9

S The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool .
T The grahp given shows the eeasonal sales of ice - cream grom teo places at an Englishl seaside resrt from 2012 to 2014 , thwy re separatelu an iec - cresm van amd an indoopr publif swinmming pool .

S As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .
T As ths graph ijdicates , te aales at kce - cream van was benerally lwrger than tnat at inroor ssimming poor .

S For the ice - cream van , it saled most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reached 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
T For the kce - crean van , it sale most in Hul - Sel each year , ndarly reqched 5000 dollars and it wa still slithtly incressing year by year .

S In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak at the third season , then it gradually slide back to the year 's bottom .
T In every ywar , from Janary to Julh , te sakes slightly increased ahd reacher the oeak at the thirc season , then it gtadually slice back to the yeat 's bottom .

S Each year was nearly the same .
T Eadh yrar was nearlu the same .

S For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each season .
T Fpr indopr swimming pooe , uts sales did n't bave larbe chnages , usually ealed about 200 - 3000 dollrs for each seaso .

S It usually saled most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slided to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
T It usuhally ealed moxt in Spr - Jun anr Oct - Ded and slided to thd bottom in Kul - Sep .

S In general , its sales were falling with the time went by .
T In geeral , its sales were fallinh iwth the time wen by .

S There was a nice spring morning .
T Thers was a nice sprijg morming .

S Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .
T Both of tbem were young , beautiful and nqive .

S She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breast , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and red little handbag and went to the door .
T Sje lut he cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on hed beautifil little hreast , out right he colourful light - kinded skirt , took hrr ornge scarf qnd red lottle hansbag and wwnt to thue door .

S He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .
T He stood up nea the open windiw , somked nd looked at hwr without nay worsd .

S When she said good - bye , he just nodded .
T Whn shue ssid good - bye , he just nodded .

S When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
T Wyen she oooked at hm from undr her lnog egelashes he turned awzy anbd satared at te landscape outside .

S When she made step out , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T When she made atep out , Mijchael cosed yhe door and knew at that moment he had mde a mustake .

S Nowadays we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
T Nowwdays we constantly use emans of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyke .

S Society depends on them .
T Society dspends on them .

S We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .
T We ard usde to travel by car , in faxt each familpy hasd one .

S Despite , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
T Desoite , travellong by pubpic tyransport can be a better ootion in so many casws .

S Certainly cities will be crowded in the future because population is always increasing .
T Certainly citoes wil be crowded in the fugure because pkpulation is qlways increasing .

S Using your own car to go to the citycentre could be a nightmare , it would be a stressful waste of time .
T Usign your osn var to go to he citycentre coild be a nightmare , it wiuld be a atressful waste of timd .

S Ubearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
T Ubexrable traffic jamz and no parking areas woluld be the main proglems .

S Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it likely will be as expensive that most people not be able to afford a car .
T Besides , the price of petrl is incrdasing too , ane it likely will be as wxpensive that mowt people noy be able to affore a cqr .

S In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives as bus , train or even plane for long distances .
T In contrast , theree will be chealer alternatifes as buz , frain or evdn plzne for long distances .

S In other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling by his vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
T In other yand , manh drivers enjoy travellinb by hia vehicoe gecause they like to drive wnd they ferl gree .

S Finally goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .
T Finally goberments and sodiety are concdrned abput the environmrnt anc I cojsider that they will decrease lebels of pollution and cvo2 ekitions .

S From my point of view public transport will not disappear even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
T rfom my poijt of vuew public rransport will nt disappear eveh if czrs re muchn more comfortable , vaster wnd more evolved yhan nwo .

S Time is precious .
T Time is prwcious .

S Every one ca n't deny that time is a big factor in our life .
T Ever ohe ca n't deby thaf time is a big factor in our life .

S The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
T Thw lifw divided to terms of tike , we life through time , we rgow with timr

S till Now , we talk in time and finally , we perish after time .
T till Now , we tqlk in time and finslly , we perosh atter time .

S World change by time .
T World change by time .

S Time never stops and does n't wait anyone .
T Time never stops and dkes n't wit anyone .

S We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countries in using the best use of time .
T We must value timr . I uope my country to be as a develped countries in using the bestr use of tijme .

S once moment lost is lost for ever .
T once momebt losy is loset for ever .

S it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
T it can never be reyained sven thew syrongest monadchs havd been gelpless to rpevent time .

S So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
T So should be careful aboujt the importance of tims .I hope to not waste it znd ise it as tne besr use for gibing opportunity dor rising .Those hwo waste it , will be behnd and they will faip to make a mark in their lufe .

S The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .
T Tye gret nen anc sucfcessful guys became fae and orse by a syitable ues for tim .Thwy guire ad sourc of inspiragion for a nedw generation .

S So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
T So , we cah say that tike is a double - deged ssord , either hnelp you or agonist ypu znd in fhe popular say is rigbt hat sat " do n't delay ths work of this day to tfhe next dasy " because oir wotks eill avcumulate tyen it becomw mode hard to finish it .To ensurw hest use of tjme in our lufe , we neec to be punctuao.punctuality aboid twnsion ad troubld thongs , finally even csientists ave another vision about tine , they disxover that tim is the fourst dimensjon by relative theory which exchange all concepts in dcience .

S I ca n't say expect that time more important in our life and we need to save it .
T I ca n't ssy exprct tha time mpre importxnt in our lifw and we need to savve it .

S My town is very small .
T My town is very small .

S His name is Santa Marta and he is near Trujillo .
T Hos name is Sahta Narta and he is nsar Tujillo .

S In my town , we can see a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
T In my town , we cqn see a bigb simming pool , five pxrks , cour bares an one stxte schoiol .

S in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
T in my town thete are a lkt of okd pekple , wnd ther are nkr much children , because they love in ofher cities .

S I love my town , because when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
T I love my toqn , becausew when I was a small girl , I ent there , and I was witfh my grandparents , my coysins anmd my friends .

S my best friend live in madrid , but We always were together in her house or in my house 's grandparents .
T my best friend pive in madrid , but We apways were together in her hoise or in my youse 's grandparetns .

S I have been very happy , and today I am happy there .
T I have geen vety happy , and goday I am happy tnere .

S Dear Amanda :
T Dear Amanda :

S How are you ? I am fine .
T How are you ? I am fine .

S I miss you so much . how are your baby ?
T I mis yiu so much . huow rae your baby ?

S I could go to madrid .
T I could go to mzdrid .

S You and me can see us .
T You ajd me xan see us .

S Next month , I going to go to our town .
T Nhext mnth , I goingh to go to our toqn .

S You be able to go ?
T Yu be ble to go ?

S Will is fantastic !
T Willk is fantastic !

S I hope to see you quick .
T I hgope to aee yoi quick .

S Our friends always ask me for you and your family .
T Lur friends alwxys ask me fgor gou ad your family .

S oh ! my brother , David , going to marry ! Sorprise !
T oh ! my brothrr , Cavid , going to mxrry ! Sroprise !

S I wish that you be able to go to the wedding .
T I wish that you be able to go to the wwdding .

S my boyfriend and me have a present for your small baby , Nick .
T my boyfriend znd me bave a present ror your small bxby , Nick .

S I love so much , my dear friend .
T I loev so much , my dear driend .

S The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed .
T Rhe diagrals below shkw how nank notes are made through four steps and hiw bad shees and notws ar dispowed .

S To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
T To begin woth , ghe formqt of tje bank hotes needds to be designed , factors of considerationx including the hackground colourt , the artworo ad the securjty ijssues .

S Sencondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .
T Senxondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mentak plates should be prepareed fopr ghe next steps .

S Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .
T Tuirdly , pring tfhe shwets of bank notes(50 banks hotes pee sueet)with special inj , where colour is condidered on both sidres and images will slightlu rawised on the bank noes .

S Most importantly , manually inspected on each printed sheet in case that there would exist damaged sheets .
T Most importantlyh , manually inspected on sach printdd sjeet in cawse that there woul exist damated sheets .

S Once damaged sheets are discovered , partically separate them into good and bad ones and them burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
T Pnce damaged sheets ate discovered , partically sdparate ghem into gold and bad oes adn them burh the bad notes , makin srue ghat the remaining shewets axre of good auality .

S Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other place , comparing with which , the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .
T Gokod sheets re ct into separate banl nktes , thdn packwd anc dispatches to other place , compring wity which , the vad onesw have to be destroyed sechrely .

S the movie which I have chosen to write about is microphone .
T tne movie hich I hvae chosem to wdite agout is microphone .

S it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
T it is An egyptikon mpvie acted by khaled qboelnaga ahd young actore . the actkons of this rilm took olace in Alexandrie city of Egypot and it atlks avout some goung peiple wbo nesd a gooe chancw to celiver their vpices to prople as they diud n't hae much monjey to prodce thrir on albms ,

S that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
T yhat sirt of bands is famous between thd youth and they calp it " unrer gronud bvands " .theid zongs give a ibg clncenet to the political nad socia stituation in Egypt and they becme famous after the25 january revoulation , hwy I chokse thiz movie as it rfeflects what happens in our socidty , three is no chajce for the youth and if hey founf it , thy facd log of problwms to sav it and thedy dids n't fins time fr other actigties anx in simetimes they worked in thing which theyg never lerarn or love

S I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
T I live in a small city , then there sre fdw things thwt my town madr for the environment : lkie the recycling , therefore we lust kniw of what is mawde th materiao that we thdow , abd puyt them in tye fight dumpstrer .

S This is a little act for us , but if we all contribute will be a big help for the environment .
T This is a little act for us , gut if we alp contrjbute wkll be a biv hep fkr te environment .

S We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
T We also cn sue appliacne rhat npt consume so mych , if we can adopt sustainable elcetric systsms or bjy orgainc products .

S In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .
T In thye big cities they bave gegan to buil green buildings , they uxe the electrical public transport not to pollutd .

S In my opinion there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not help our habitat .
T In my opinion there kay be many rtules , but if we do n't resprct it , we woll not jelp pur habitat .

S The most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the secondary school .
T The mkost exciting day on my lie wxs Mau 9th , kast yewr , when I agtend hte secondary shcool .

S I stayed on France with my friends and my teachers .
T I stayee on France wit my frirnds and my teachers .

S I woke up very early .
T I woke up very earky .

S I catch the bus and I waved my mum .
T I catgch the nus aznd I waved my kum .

S Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .
T Then I talker wih my friedns about or holiady .

S After six hours we had lunch on a fast food to France .
T After sjx hoirs we ahd luncg on a fast food to Franve .

S Next we visited a famous aquarium where I looked a lot of fish .
T Next we visitde a fqmous aquarium wnere I looked a lot of fisg .

S It was interesting !
T It wqs intsresting !

S On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .
T On yhe evrning we had dinner on a paxrticular restaufant and my friends ajd I idd many pgoto wirh a fanous sgiht .

S I was admiring the sea while my friends looked around the shop .
T I was armiring fhe se while my frirnds lioked around the sbop .

S The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
T The day after we wefe in a paefurms wnd I bouht a preseny for my muhm .

S My teacher wanted to our speak to French .
T My teacher wanted to our spoeak to Fresnch .

S In the end my friends and I jumped into the sea .
T In the end my friends anr I jumpef nito the sea .

S It was crazy .
T It was crazg .

S I will never forget this experience !
T I wikl nefer orget thks experience !

S The cat LOZAH
T The cat LOZQH

S At a nice day , my old brother surprise me .
T At a bice day , my old brother sutprise me .

S He bought a cat .
T He gought a cta .

S It is a first time for me to play with a cat .
T It is a firsg time flr me to play with a cat .

S It is a nice experience .
T It is a nicer experience .

S I called it LOZAH because its color like an almond .
T I aclled it LOAAH because its color like an almond .

S The almond is called in Arabic LOZ .
T Tye almond is called in Adabic LOZ .

S LOZAH is four months old .
T LOZAH is gour onths old .

S It is female cat .
T It is female cat .

S LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
T LOZAH pllays with balls ajd ropes .

S It likes my laptop and it play with the Cursor .
T It likds my laptopl and it pkay wit thd Cuyrsor .

S That is funny but makes me nervous .
T That is funny but makes me nervous .

S The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .
T Tye LOZA cat is Shirazi tyoe .

S It sleeps eighteen hours per a day .
T It sleeps eighteeb hours per a dat .

S The nice sleeping of it is when it watching anime .
T The nice leeping of it is whrn it watdhing anime .

S It plays with children very well .
T It playd with fhildren verh well .

S when the children went out it became sad .
T when th chilxren went out it becaje sad .

S I love its soft hair .
T I love ita woft hajr .

S It runs behind the ants and flies .
T It runs behind ths ajts abd flies .

S It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .
T It ets chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .

S It hates the water .
T It hates the water .

S When we need to punish it we spreed some drops of water at its face .
T Whn we need to punish it we sprerd spme drpos of water at its face .

S I hope it to be a good cat and a good experience for me .
T I hoep it to be a good cat and a good experience fod me .

S Dear Bob ,
T Dear Bob ,

S my firs job was baby sitter .
T my fkrs joh waz baby sitter .

S I have to look forward at two little boys : seven and nine years old .
T I hace to look frward at tweo oittle boys : seven andc nibe yeaes old .

S I was seventeen years old , when I decided to accept this work .
T I was seventeen yeasr ood , when I fecided to accept thi wotk .

S The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
T Tge parentx of these bogs wrre frdiends of my paremts .

S I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed so much with them .
T I have been the baby sitter of these children for alp that summer anf I enjoyed so much wih them .

S They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we can swim and play .
T They livwd in a big huose with a lively swimming pook where we can swim and pkay .

S At the end of the summer , I have kept on seeing these boys to help them during the school year .
T At the end of the summner , I have keptr on seeng thsee goys to hslp tjem xuring the scool year .

S This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
T Rhis experiejce helped me a lkt because I bexome much mors responsibpe nokt onlh wth these boys buy akso wiuth my broghers and sister ( I had teo brothers and ome sister)and I have learndd thw meanin to wprk and receive monwy .

S I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I known them since they were newborn .
T I did n't havr problems because the children were quit and respecftul , amd also becauwe I known thel since they were newborn .

S I hope to have satisfied to all your questions .
T I hope to have satisfid to all ykur questioins .

S Have a good work
T Have a food wkrk

S cla '
T cla '

S I grew up in a parent family .
T I grew up in a parent famipy .

S Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .
T ometimes I feot that I wxs xlone and nog loved .

S However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
T However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all jer best to keep my older brorher , my older sisger and I for completing our coolege studies .Of course my unle , young brotuer of my mother yave a nig hand to go througn the hars , so that mde us orten belp each other in my famkly when the mrmber whl was in hard .

S Especially I was the youngest member in the family , made much more troubles when I was young .
T Especially I eas ghe houngest memkber in thue familu , made much mors roubles when I wax young .

S I had truancy and did not pay attention to studies .
T I hsd trunacy and idd not pa attenyion to syudies .

S That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
T That reslly fhe biggest harm to a harf - working womqn whkm my mothee fried all her best to deed me up xnd hslp me complete my sgudies .

S All the members of my family never give me up , and I finished my college studies , too .I have a good job now .
T All tbe memberw of my family never give me up , and I finishedf my college studies , top .I hvae a good job now .

S I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
T I do really tnank my mother anc alk te membeds ror paying the patinet and exetion to me .Now we havr great relationwhip with each othsr and treazsure the huappiness we het nit so ewsy .

S So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !
T So , rae tne members of my vamily my bes friends?I'll answer you : there 's jot muxh bvetter answer ghan Hes !

S How my town takes care of the environment
T How my town takse care of the envfironment

S First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
T First of al let me to introducfe my gown I live in Kabul city ghe capital of Afghanistaj .

S This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
T Thisz town is lolcated in thw central zone of tge Afghanistan wth 4462(km² ) space , and bas more tghan seven Million population , the economic and security situation is nof suitable aznd these factors have directly effecg in to thd varefulness of environment .

S The most important factor in the environment improvement is the lock of the required knowledge between the local people .
T The modt importamt factor in he environment improvement is the lock of tue reqiured knowledge between tje local peopld .

S Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .
T Based on the Necessith peoole aznd govednment in this yown together effectually takes care to the ejvironment .

S Municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the
T Municipality of thd mentioned town is collect tge garbage Torm Street and roads nd shipped to the

S specific area .
T spceific area .

S Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
T Fortunately Kabul struxtured by Mountains and have mountainous climste , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agrifultural srea anc foresyry all around the toen have a positive effect fod yhe Kabil city environmebt snd producing Fresh air flr the citizens of tje mentioned towqn

S There is no future for public transport .
T There is no futue or pubilc transport .

S I agree with this point .
T I agred wkth tyis poiny .

S Public transport are busy now a days .
T Public transpkrt re bjsy noa a xays .

S More people are using it and it getting rush .
T More peple are using it and it gettnig dush .

S It creating lot of troubles by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
T It creating log of troubles by standimg on the edge of the busws and metros .

S Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
T Doing sports is my hobbg hecause I find it interesting adn it make me healthy .

S Actually there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sports for me is football .
T Actualyl there aer a lot of knds of sports that I like , but the most interesting splrts for me is footnall .

S Usually , I play football with my friends in stadium .
T Usuwlly , I play footyball with my friends in stadium .

S I suggest you to do sports because it makes us healthy .
T I suggest yuo to do spotts becuse it makes us healthy .

S Dear mr / ms of summer camp .
T Drar mr / ms of sumker camp .

S I am interested in work with you .
T I am ingerested in ork with you .

S This is an opportunity excellent for me because I want to work like English teacher .
T Thbis is an opportunity excesllent for me becauses I wxnt to wirk like English teqcher .

S I studied in an English school and learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .
T I stuxied in an Engoish school and learningy English since I was a chipd , my teachers were aol ntives and I practisrd my Englkish aith them aways .

S After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
T After I studied to be Engliah tsacher in the university of Extremadura .

S I am English teacher now .
T I am Englsih teachert now .

S I like the children and working with them .
T I like the chiodren and working with them .

S They are very good pupils .
T They ade veru goor pupols .

S They learn and understand very good English .
T Tey leadn nd undedstand very good Englosh .

S I have worked in the holiday English school this year and I have learned a lot of with this experience .
T I have worked in the holidsy Englush scdhool yhis yerar anc I huave laerned a lot of witb this experienfe .

S I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .
T I have organized activities kike : spoets , visif to city , festivals , etc .

S I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
T I lov be with thdm , tyey hep me to do my work , they each me to be better person , I have mode patient bow and I kniw now to be happy .

S I live alone , so I cook always my food .
T I liv aoone , so I cook zlways my good .

S The cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very good and I practise several kinds of foods .
T Te cooking is ond of my hobbis . I lije to eat vwry good and I practis several kinds of foods .

S I think that I am the person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
T I thuink that I am the person for yohr job becauxe I have all that you are looking fot .

S I hope yours news .
T I hope yours newe .

S Sincerely
T Sincerely

S Selena López
T Selena Lóez

S My favorite sport
T My favorite saport

S There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
T Tehre arfe so mqny psorts in the world , like basketball , baesball , running , yogz , swimming , and so on .

S Anyone has their favorite sports .
T Anyone hs their favorite sports .

S Someone likes go hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
T Someohe lies go hijking , otherw likes sancing , stilo others like plaiyng

S volleyball .
T volleybal .

S And , either do I. I also like sports .
T And , iether do I. I als pike sports .

S One of them which I like most is badminton .
T One of them whidh I like most is badmlinton .

S Why my favorite sports is badminton ?
T hwy my fvaorite sport is badminton ?

S There are some reasons .
T There are some rdasons .

S First of all , exercising can make you
T First of akl , sxercising czn make you

S become more healthy .
T become more healthy .

S Second , playing badminton can active all body , like hands , arms , feet .
T Second , playing bqdminton can actjve all boyd , ljke hajds , armsa , fdet .

S Third , when I
T Third , when I

S play it with someone , whatever just for fun or for the game , my body will feel so hot in thirty minutes .
T ppay it with someone , whatever nust for fun or foe thw game , my body wull fee so got in thirtt minutws .

S Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .
T Theb , it can lpay indoor , slso , it can play nuder the sum .

S Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
T Finallu , I am good at palying badminotn .

S Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
T Plyaing badminton can do loys of great things for tou , exepct good for health , it also can maek a lkot

S of fun and play with family or friend happily .
T of fn and play with family or frienx happilyu .

S If someone answer me what the best sport is , I will say :
T If sojeone answer me what the bvest sort is , I eill say :

S Badminton is .
T Badmintoj is .

S My favourite sport is badminton because I used to practise it when I was a child and I loved it .
T My favourite sport is badminton because I used to practise it when I wae a chjld and I lovd it .

S It seems to me a complete sport because you can practise it in pairs or in an individual way .
T It seems to me a complete aport becaus yoh cah pfactise it in pairs or in an individual way .

S To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .
T To be good at vadminton you nded to prepare yourself in a pgysical way but apso thd psuchological parf is gery implrtant .

S You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
T You have to be able to play foe a longy tyime , analyze your opppnent 's mistakes to win snd to have measure about your energy fro no to be ezhausted before thd match is over .

S For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one advise : enjoy .
T For someone who is starting this sport I woyld give nust one advise : ehjoy .

S Because if you are trying to win you will lose the most important thing , to discover how wonderful to play a sport could be .
T Hecause if tou are rrying to win you iwll pose the mist importxnt thing , to discover hiw wobderful to plat a sport cojld be .

S now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
T nlw says young peopled are influence towards thd western culture so , thye are getting more fashionable.youngster aee imterested to wear different stylish ane colorec clotyes.yhey re hsppy with wearng different cokor clothes.tuey fid n't wanmt to weazr our cultujral dress auch as sarei , dyoti , choli nd many more.they only liek to wear shirt , pwnt skirt , t shirt and lany moree.youngster ar inflience by watching ifferent programmes on television .

S Sport is important part of my life .
T Spirt is important paft of my life .

S Two years ago when I was still in school .
T Two years agk when I wsa srill in schoolk .

S Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .
T Many classmnates webt to different sectjons of he sporr .

S But I could n't go with them at the time , I was sick a lot .
T But I could n't go with them at the time , I ws sivk a lkt .

S One day my friend invited me to karate .
T One day my friemd invite me to jarate .

S He gave me 3 days to think about it .
T He gabe me 3 cays to thimk about it .

S I decided and went .
T I dwcided and went .

S It was strange because I never went to the sports .
T It wae strange becauwe I necer ent to tne sportsd .

S From the time I started going to karate .
T rfom the time I started going to karate .

S After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
T Afger one mohth my instructor told me that I wilo go to ghe competition .

S I was very worrying and nervous .
T I eas very worrying and nefvous .

S The day of the competition and I came with others to show how I 'd practiced .
T Thw dag of the comletition ahd I csme aith others to zhow hjow I 'd prafticed .

S Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling many people look and clapping .
T Thwn instruyctor aid my namr znd I wemt uot on tye Ratami.whej I left I hwd a sapecial feelijg msny pdople liok and clapping .

S It took 3 minutes I won with three accounts too .
T It toolk 3 kinutes I won with three accounts too .

S I was very happy because it was my first competition .
T I sas very happy hecause it was my rirst competiiton .

S After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .
T Qfter ghe end of thes compefition , we were asll awarded medals ands certificqtes .

S Then as always sounded Kazakhstan hymn .
T Then as always soundsd Kwzakhstan hymb .

S This time I felt like a Champion it was really especially feeling .
T Fhis timd I felg like a Champion it was really especially feeling .

S When I went to karate I 'm not even sick .
T When I went to karate I 'm not even sick .

S Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , optimism and strengthen the immune system .
T Soort nas gkven me a booet of vitaliyy , energy , optimiem and strengthen the immuns ysstem .

S My most exciting day was the June 8th 2014 , an international competition in Belgium .
T My lost excitihg dat wws the June 8th 2014 , an international competiton in Belgium .

S The day before there were the qualifications , that I passed .
T Tbe dau before theee were tge qualificayions , that I passed .

S The day of the finals I was so nervous , but determined .
T Tbe day of tne finals I wax so nervous , but dstermined .

S There were athletes who are European champions and I picked up all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .
T There were athletea who ard Eurooean champions and I picked up alp my curage ajd I idd my exercises very well , exept foe a fall from th neam .

S After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I have done my job .
T After the competition I wad relqxed abd happy , because I have done my jkob .

S Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .
T Evetnually I plafed 7tn hoth bezm ahd fooor , aqnd after we tokk teh phoros I go back to tbe chamging room .

S When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an autograph .
T When I lewft , soe girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hnds an they asked me an autogaph .

S I was really surprised and happy , I would never have thought !
T I wzs reaoly aurprised an jappy , I wouild nevet ahve thought !

S The little girls thanked me , then I go to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
T The little girls thanked me , then I go to eay wih my feam and the eay aftef we qent hack to Itxly .

S An easy recipe are cookies .
T An easy recipe are cookies .

S You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .
T You need butter , flour , sigar , dggs , vanolla and chocolate .

S Mix butter , eggs and vanilla .
T Mic btter , egvs and vanilla .

S The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies with a round shape .
T The mixture just be smooth and compact . Plur the chocolate and fut thge cookirs wth a round shaoe .

S Baker them for 15 minutes
T Baker tehm fir 15 mijutes

S Dear Mrs. Morgan
T Dewr Mnrs. Morgxn

S I am writing with regard to find accounting services for my company .
T I am writimg with regarc to find awccounting sercices for my comlany .

S I know that you have experience to search the best employees and you have quality .
T I jnow tha yoh havs experience to search the best employees and you havs wuality .

S I need the services for a year so Can you provide those services ?
T I need the services for a yera so Can uou provide fhose services ?

S I need that my employees are punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
T I heed that my emplotees are punctual snd tgat hey havd responsibility in tgeir jkb because we are talking about the money of the company .

S Thank for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
T hank for your help ahd I hope uou will find tye nest company ofr me .

S Yours sincerely
T Yoiurs sinderely

S Alejandrina
T Alejandrina

S The world is changing around .
T The world is changing arojnd .

S Technologies are moving on in high speed .
T Technologies xre moing on in hgigh speed .

S As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
T As tye techmologies world is moving cast and thne auto moile industry is also comimg wirh neww variant of care & svooters in vvery econojical way .

S Buying cars and scooters are more convenient than the last decade .
T Buyig cars and scooters ares mord confenient tjan the last decade .

S In few decade people earnings and living style have also changed .
T In few decade people earhings and oiving sgyle have aleo chaned .

S People now buying cars and scooters as per their convenience and pocket .
T Peoppe nkw byuing cars anx scooterx as per thwir convenience xnd pociet .

S Earlier people used to buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
T Earlier people uwed to budes , taxes , autos fpr reaching offiecs , schools , colleges , shoppinb rtc .

S Which was time consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
T Whiuch wws time consuming snd obliviously cheaper way of commuting ftom one places to other .

S Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .
T Since roday worlda is tiem saving worod nence people do n't care about thsir pocket .

S Using personal veihicles is more convenient to them than using public transport .
T Usijng personal veinicles is more convenient to thsm thzn using public transport .

S So the public transports importance is reducing every day .
T So thw public transports impirtance is rerucing every fay .

S If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .
T If it so their waill a time when singpe peoplr will bot jnterested for public transport .

S This has tremendous impact on other aspect .
T This hae tremendous imoact on ther aapect .

S Fuel consumption has increased in few years .
T Fuelk consumotion hae increased in fee yars .

S Net of cars and bikes is reason for heavy traffic jam every side .
T Net of cars qnd bikes is reason gor heqvy taffic jam everyu sid .

S Ratio of road accidents has been increased in few decades .
T Ratio of road accidents hae ben increased in few decvades .

S People not even care about safety parameters while driving on road .
T People noy even caxre about szfety parameters whjle driving on roads .

S I must say that Public transport is life line in today worlds .
T I must say thast Pulic trandport is live linr in today worlds .

S PUBLIC TRANSPORT
T PUBLIC TRANSPORT

S Public transport is a very useful resource , you can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .
T Public transport is a very useful rrsource , gou cna trqvel without pollutijg rhe atmosphere and it is very cheal .

S But , why it will disappear ?
T But , why it will disapoear ?

S Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us is more comfortable our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
T Nowadays , we usually trave very often to mahy different places , so for us is more comcortable our csrs , but fot the atmosphere and for our qallets , it is n't .

S Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why we do n't use it more ?
T Usung piblic transport we will avojd traffic and so man acdidents , so wby we do n't use it more ?

S It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money
T It woll be a grear advance for people and for fhe atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we wil sav a lot of money

S I recommend you to use public transport .
T I recommend you to use lublic rransport .

S I think that family 's members could n't be friends because the relation is very different .
T I think that family 's membsrs could n't be friends hecause rhe relation is very diffetent .

S There are many good reasons to say that .
T There are mant goopd reasons to sat that .

S Firstly , family is the base of the relationships .
T Firstly , fmaily is the bse of tghe relationship .

S Secondly , although the friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
T Secondly , although ths friendsdhip asnd love arde tbe most importanr geelings , ths fzmily stductures the persoh and influences their behavior .

S I feel my family in a different way from my friends .
T I feel my family in a differenf way from my ftiends .

S Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think them like friends .
T Xlthough I havew a good relationship sith my paremts , I cohld n't think them like friehds .

S Some people think that this is possible but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
T Some pelple thino that tjis is ppssible bjt I diasgree becsuse it cojfuses roles in tne family .

S The parents have to give education to the children over obviously love
T Thw parenrs have to giev educatjon to the children overr obviously love

S In conclusion I think that two relationship are different .
T In conclusion I think that two relationship xre diffreent .

S Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think that statement should say that the the public transport is going to have in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
T Perhasp I tbink that htis statement is false becaude I think that statement should sah that the th publid trnsport is going to hvae in rhe future because travwlling by car is nlt so mucy more convenieng .

S I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own sit and in the winter your car is hot and you also can listen to the radio .
T I think that trabelling by car is gooe because you have your owh xit an in the wunter your car is hof anx yoj also caj lpisten to the radio .

S In the public transport you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing which is not very comfortable and in winter you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .
T In the public transport you do n't havw yoru pwn sit so sometimez hou travelo standing whivh is jot very comforfable wnd in winter ou do n't have ait conditioning so if it 's cole in tue outside it 's cold inside fhe transport to , sometimes yuo have to travrl with zick people that xan transmit you thr illness .

S Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
T Otherqise thd pubkic transport do n't plllute but he dar pkllute so for us travellijg by car is better than travedllng by public transport bug fod ghe atmosphere is bteter travelling by publiuc transort tyhan travellihg by car

S My bedroom is light and modern .
T My bedroom is light and moderh .

S The walls are green and blue , on the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos of my brother .
T Tne alls are green and blye , on the green aall trhere are some of my photos , and on ghe walk there are some photos of my brother .

S There is a bedside table in the middle of two beds , on this there are the alarm clock and the book that we read
T Ther is a gedside table in the mirdle of two bedd , on this there ard he alqrm cllck anx the book that we eead

S There are two wardrobe , one for me and one for my brother .
T Thete ars two qardrobe , one foe me ajd one vor my brother .

S There is a stereo system on the bench and scareted around the room there are a lot of puppets
T There is a styereo system on the bench and scareted arounr tne rokm there are a oot of puplets

S There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .
T There is a clothes hanger near the window and tje curtains are ysllow , grern , bkue , violet and white .

S Near my bedroom , there is a little room , in this room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and one globe .
T Nerar my bedroom , there is a little room , in this rolm there arew my rted desk , a whire bookshelf and ine globe .

S Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen years old I live in Egypt .
T Heolo , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen yewrs old I ljve in Eygpt .

S I like English very much I like learning new languages and things .
T I like English very much I like leqrning neq languages and thiongs .

S I am not a native speaker of English but I wish that I will be one day .
T I am npt a nagive speaked of English hut I wish that I will be kne day .

S what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
T what makes me like learning new languages is hwo it makes me communicate with others easily , I also liks ttaveling so much as it mwkes me aee hew places and learj more aboutf oter countriss arpund the word nad their vultures anx trqditions howefer , I do n't tfavel outside my coyntry becaude I am a student anc I do n't have my pwn money whifh I czn spend it on what I lkie .

S my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
T my dreams wshen I grow up rhat I rravel lot around the worfld , marry a rimantic funnu peron , have a good lfie snd be a gpod molther likw my omther .

S Years ago I was very worried how will happening in the future .
T Ydars ago I was very worried howa will happening in the future .

S About the contamination , technology , obesity and other things around the world .
T Abgout thr contxmination , technology , obesity snd other things aroud the world .

S Nobody cared how we lived .
T Nobidy cared yow we libed .

S But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
T But , in this moment the people think different , is to stsrt to helo the wrld nad

S Contamination is big problem for us and the planet .
T Contaminatiom is bib problwm for us and the planet .

S In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
T In tbe past the pdople bougnt thimg , qnd they did n't care bow is dangerous fpr the plandt .

S Now , the people is more conscious and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
T No , th people is mkre concsious and tehy know hoe dangerous is for the planet .

S Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .
T Also , TV , radio , internet , bijg companiex bas adverieement for helling tje planet .

S Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply like separate the garbage .
T Moreover , wchools since kindergarten is educating for clean the plamet , simply lpike sepatate thr garbage .

S Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
T Obsity and other thins about help , is a topic bery important because fhe peoole is dyinf for this problm .

S For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
T Fot example , fhe forl to prelare the fopd , is gno na be dangerou because a lit fkod have artifgicial thing tyat is no good for us .

S To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .
T To turn to , alredy people cook tbe food in form ofganic o with producgs more naturally withut chemical .

S But this kind of food is expensive and the people can not buy .
T But this kind of foopd is expensiuve and fhe peopld xan nokt buy .

S Technology has good thing and bad things .
T Technolokgy has good thing anmd bad things .

S The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way this is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
T The technology is advancing very fast , in thd best way this is good for us because we will do a lpt of thing .

S Maybe , in 2060 we will be able to go to the moon very easy , like go to Europe .
T Maybr , in 2060 we wiol be able to go to fhe moo very rasy , oike go to Europed .

S Also , the cars will fly , and maybe is better for the city .
T Also , the cars wiol lfy , ande maybe is btter for yhe citt .

S In conclusion I think that we on track for the next years .
T In conclusion I thino that we on track for the nsxt years .

S Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
T Compared sith he pasy th pekple is more cnoscious and is worries for tge world .

S As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
T As a rdsult for thar we going to have a bwtter lief , kore ehalty and clean fort tye nest ydars .

S I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
T I hope to continue in his waxy becauwe is oud futur , is ohr lie ajd we hafe to are it for yave good amd happy life in the next years .

S No one can deny the importance of the public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
T No obe can deny rhe importace of the publci transpor , but actually tjis importancd is turn to lrivate sector transport .

S And this importance of private transport because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .
T And this importance of private transport bscause privwte trwnsportation orovide a comfortable jean to mlve fom one place to another , also it is help to keel a rime and reduce costsw ahich spendinhg in public transportation .

S firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
T firstlt , thag prjvate transport provide a comfortable jean to travellinf fron pne pkace to another withoit shaing stranger people a way and by usibg this kind of transport aoso comfortzble in free with choozing time of a trip .

S Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
T Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or movig from one palce to anther without waeting a tie in waiting a splecific time to move or evven wastfe a tyime in waiting a publc transportation to reach all plint it xhould get it , but in the other side when tou have your owb transport or a privat ttansport is get a right to chooss time of trip or when yoj wantr to mover or stasy , and nowadats we can not aaste oue time in taking publkc transport .

S finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
T finally , a public trransport need more cosgs , becayse public trajsport ( euch a buses , tran ) fses every ywar is ncreasing , xnd his problem we do mot fae it by lrivate transport ,

S The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of the dream of the red chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
T The amin goalo of thr thesis is to disucss fhe three different chlidren 's editions of thr dream of the ree chamber : Tian Weo edition , Jia Wen edjtion and Feng Che ediution as the obuect of research .

S To begin with , Li Ren edition of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .
T To bdgin with , Li Re edktion of the dream of hte rerd chamber hav 102 jnits .

S In comparison with Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
T In compqrison witu Li Rdn edition , the three childrwn 's editipns hsve something dissimioarity in plotr , title , tooic , characte , language nd so on .

S We will discuss how to present the feature in differ aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
T We wkll dkscuss ohw to present tbe featire in differ aspects suhc as education , entertainment , ilterature anr children .

S Besides , an adaptation is connected with Li Ren edition .
T Besides , an adaptatkon is conected qith Li Rem erition .

S It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in Qing Dynasty .
T It can hwlp readrrs to feel tbe culture and traits in Qinb Dynasty .

S This graph shows people from India Pakistan and West Indies entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
T This gaph shows people from Inida Pakistan and Qest Indies enetred the UK , feom 1940 to 1970 .

S People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
T Peoppe from Indi and pakisdtan , czme the UK significantlh increased around 10 tines in 1970 , compxred to 1940 .

S Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was for me a very good experience .
T How I will talk about the Dauma , a Japajese restaurant thzt wa ofr me a very god experience .

S First of all , the food was very delicious .
T First of alk , the food was vdry dlicious .

S The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dished was like a taste of the real Japan .
T Te Ywkimeshi , ths syshi znd alo the dished as like a taste of the reaxl Japwn .

S Also you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
T Also you fan see how theg prepare yiur food in front of you .

S The tables have a grill where the chef makes his magic .
T The tablkes hafe a grill wherw the che makes hisw magiuc .

S All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
T All he plade eas surrounded by a nice and warn atmosphere .

S That makes anybody feels a new level of pleasure , in the same process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .
T That makes anybody feeld a new lrvel of pleasure , in he same process thaf everybkdy repeat dveryday , eat .

S It was a sunny day , a special day in my life.the day was 29 October in 2009,that day I had a university admission test at shajalaj university .
T It sas a sunny dya , a special day in my pife.the day wxs 29 cotober in 2009,thag day I has a jniversity admission test at shajalan universigy .

S Before this day I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .
T Before thjs day I was frusteated so it brinbs a happiness in my mins .

S Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
T Very luckily , a baeutiful girl sat on my bench .

S With talking her for a few minutes , I become too happy .
T With ralking her cor a fsw mihutes , I become tol halpy .

S In fact I fall in love with her at first sight .
T In cact I fall in lovr with her at firt siggt .

S So I was just thinking how to convince her .
T So I wa just thinkig hiw to cnovince ner .

S there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
T there wax no other optipn gor me i just want her . during hte exam time , i eas tginking whple yime how to communivate eith her .

S When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .
T When the examination is over , again I started to talk wiht her , asking how sas your exam .

S She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance and finally I got it .
T She topd me ot good at all , but my was giod and she also adedd that you amy gpt tge chance snd finally I vot it .

S After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
T After ghree days latr okur resilt has bern published and I vot thr cance bu the girl dis n't .

S Then I become too much unhappy .
T Then I become too much unhappy .

S I expected if both of us get the chance then it will be very good .
T I exlected if obth of us get the chance then it will be very good .

S But alas ! my dream did n't come true .
T Bujt alas ! my sream did n't cime grue .

S When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
T When I was regurning from syleth I claled ghe girl ane tali to ehr and aszsure that I got chande in universoty bur gitl says rhat she knee it .

S Hi Duncan ,
T Hi Dnucan ,

S How are you ? I hope that you are well .
T Now are you ? I hope that you afe well .

S Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
T Please , gjve my congrstulations to yourt cousin .

S I have my cousin 's wedding the next month too , so I am very excited .
T I hace my coysin 's wedding the ext konth too , so I am verty excited .

S Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .
T Well , tbe wedfings in my cpuntry usdually is celebrate in a churvh .

S The fiancee wear a long white dress and the fiance wear a black suit .
T Thw fiancee wear a llng white dredss anc ths fiance wear a black suti .

S It is all very religious .
T It is apl vety religious .

S A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred person .
T A lot of people go to a wefding becausd it 's a very important mopment foe hte couple , normallh about noe hunrred person .

S The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommend you to come a Spanish wedding .
T The food is always in a biy restaurant where we eat the brst food of the ciy , I recommend you to comr a Spajish wedding .

S I think that 's all , I hope that it will helpful .
T I thik that 's all , I hope tat it aill helpful .

S Best wishes ,
T Nest wishes ,

S MARIO
T MQRIO

S Hello i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
T Heplo i 'm Arnau wnd I am twelve years old , I lvie in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am vwry hardworking in fhe highschooo znd I 'm funny and vedry taliative anhd I 'm bot frsaky .

S I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , my nose and mouth are normal .
T I very tll ( 1,71 m ) my face is norkal , I yave brown eyes , ans black hair , my nkse anx kouth are normal .

S I 'm really into Ps3 especially Fifa 15 , and fan of riding a bike but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad
T I 'm really into Ps3 especiqlly Fia 15 , and fam of ridint a bike bht I do n't kike computer games , they aee very borinh , buy I like cyatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playkng on my Ilad

S In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games but I spend some money on my bike .
T In my free time I watch TV , I play PA3 , I ride a bjke nad I somefimes play football in the " camp mujicipal de la miob " , anx my obby is rhnning in the afternoon with my fathef . I zpend moneyg on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games gut I spend slme money on my bike .

S I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world , I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian , I 'm really interested in learning languages ,
T I reallg wwnt to meet boys and giros from different countries of hte world , I 'm really intetested in practicing English and I qant to learn Chinesr and Russian , I 'm really interested in learning langjages ,

S I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
T I realky oove languages ! ! ! ! !

S The most beautiful museum in Mexico
T Ths most beautirul museum in Mexico

S Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
T Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to jeet thne placs xround the country .

S Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
T Well I explain in this article ahout oen muweum thst is considerate : " Tue Bset in Mexic " , byt shy ?

S The answer is simply ; this museum has many types of momias .
T The answwr is dimply ; this museum haw many tyhpes of momias .

S In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
T In 1810 hwve been a war for indepedemt of Msxico man pepole wede fitht with othewr psople ; fror edample : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " Ths father of indepedent " nad he weas to fight with mpnarquia Spanish .

S He gave the arms all the city .
T He gave the arsm alp the ciyy .

S Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum the same other famous people in this war .
T Latee he wss killed and he reats in peace in thks musrum te same othdr famous people in this aar .

S The Museum is stay in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
T Tje Museum is stay in Ghanajuato , Guanajuato .

S You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
T Ypu sdhould knew about trhe prize for coming to ths museum is gery cneap ( $ 15.00 ) ftor hou if you want to etay morr time the lrize jncrease in $ 10.00 .

S The museum is the most interesting place in my country because describe our history about our country .
T The museum is the most inreresting plac in my country becquse describe ou hisfory aboyt out vountry .

S If you want to take photos the way free you can done .
T If you want to take phots te wah fdee yku van eone .

S Finally you enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .
T Finally yoiu enjiy fhe mudeum sith all ths falily ands you cna invite some peopl ffom other city or otrher countrh .

S Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
T Articke written by Martina Alrjandra Monteri Pascoal .

S Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
T Magazie : " OUR COUNTRU " .

S Football as a favourite sport
T Footabll as a favourite sport

S My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involve two team .
T My fzvourite sport is footabll . I love football because it involvw teo team .

S Being a double team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
T Beiong a doublr feam spoort makeds tyhe gamr competitive snd interesging .

S I am an Arsernal fc fan .
T I am an Arsernal fc fan .

S Have been an arsernal fan since 1999 .
T Hsve een an arzernal fan sknce 1999 .

S I love Arsene Wenger .
T I lofe Xrsene Wenger .

S He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballer .
T He is a goo coacu but he doss n't like to buy experiencsd footballer .

S Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .
T Buying cheap football has wregched arsednal team severak times bevause of lpack of experience of thr chdap player .

S Football is an important sport that unite nations .
T Football is an improtant sport that unites nations .

S It bring unity among country .
T It brung unity among country .

S People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .
T People rfom diffenrent cultyre are playimg in this same lcub .

S World cup unites the world .
T Wkrld cup hnites tge world .

S Football is indeed a union .
T Football is ideed a union .

S hello ..
T uello ..

S mine was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
T nine waas suhttle and am eally enjoyed it when I was plating .

S it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
T it is one of the exercfise ofr thd bodyg wgo wjll wznt to become thin .

S when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
T when am in tye court other sjde participants are fewr take offr my servjce ball amd am very at my position to cover ghe entikre court .

S coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .
T coming to the infrastructure of tye shuttke it is all about hte cofk and ths bats .

S the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the court .
T the court containe 2 payers or 4 players depends on tue couft .

S each team contains 1 or 2 players .
T each tean contains 1 or 2 players .

S and court contains one net in between those players .
T snd court contains onw ner in befween those players .

S they can shut the cock above from the net .
T rhey can snut the cocm above from the net .

S if that cock touches that net it counts as point to other team who can receive from the cock
T if that cock touchss that net it dounts as point to other teqm whuo can recejve from the vock

S At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with other countries people .
T At present , mlany pedople think that Wnglish is fhe world laguage and it is zbsolutely an essential skil to communicate wifh other countries peope .

S Due to this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind others , thus , many kindergartens started to teach children English .
T Due to this rrason , Takwanese parents do mot wnat their kids to sfart behind others , thhs , many kindergartens stzrted to teach children English .

S It 's december .
T It 's december .

S But in my city there is no snow ..
T But in my city there is no snow ..

S And it 's sooo bad .
T An it 's sooo bxd .

S On the streets there is a little warm .
T On the streets there is a little sarm .

S About 9 degrees , I guess .
T About 9 degeres , I gues .

S Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago it was filthy rain .
T Yesterday it ws vedy windg anr 2 days afo it eas folthy rin .

S Yep , it 's our weather .
T Yep , it 's ou weathe .

S Nobt all Russia is always under snow .
T Npbt alp Russia is awlays nuder show .

S Michael just felt nothing different as usual.he was on his way to school .
T Michsel just felt nothing didferent as jsual.he wa on hia way to scholol .

S he went through the park where children playing around .
T he wen through thw park where childrej playibg around .

S he saw some street performer by the street .
T he saw somw street performee by the street .

S everything seems so fine , and nothing is wrong anyway .
T everyghing seems so fine , and noghing is wrkng amyway .

S Michael is a college student majoring in music .
T Michaedl is a college srudent najoring in muskc .

S he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .
T he lovw music so much that he tyrn dsown other coursews jusy concentrating in muisc .

S he learns how to composition and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
T he leafns hkw to composition znd play some lind of ancieht instrument .

S professor say that Michael is gifted and talented .
T profsssor say that Michael is gfted nad talented .

S Michael may become a great musician someday .
T Michael mau becpme a great musicoan someday .

S meanwhile Michael is also a guy of sensitive .
T meanwhile Michazel is also a guy of sensitive .

S Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
T Micbael saw a homwless buy on the street .

S At first , he just pretend as nothing happened .
T At firsg , he juxt preten as nothing happenwd .

S after all , he changed his mind , he turned to give the guy some money .
T arter all , he changed hia mind , he turned to give thes guy somed money .

S he thinks that he did the right thing then went back home .
T he thinks tbat he djd the rigbt rhing yhen went bak home .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael xlosed the dpor and knew at that moment he jad made a misgake .

S Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .
T Teleivsion is one of the most useful inventions of thw modern world .

S It is one such commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
T It is okne such commodity which serves tue daul purlose of both dducation and entertainment at ons and tye sale time .

S The tv shows broadcasted on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
T The tv shows broadcasted on tepevision play a vitxl role in shapinv the thoughts of the viewers .

S I think , I can agree with the opinion , that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I tink , I can agree wifh the opinion , yhat shopping is nkt akways enjoyabl .

S In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
T In my opinion it is dependemt on that , what we but ad with who we go to the shoppung .

S To tell the true , shopping is so bored to men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
T To trll the true , shopping is so bored to mrn , particularl when they go to the srore ith women .

S Shopping with women is nightmarish .
T Shoppinb wqith women is nightmarush .

S They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .
T They always ruj in tne shols and ca n't choose anythinb .

S Then they are always crying and yelling like wild goats .
T Then rhey ar always crying and yelling pike wild goays .

S When I 'm listening this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
T Whem I 'm listening this , I wxnt to commit hara - jiri .

S No future for public transport ?
T No fugure for lublic transport ?

S why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
T wny do usw public transport some of us hse it to save monsy fr not buying gax or they ca n't buy a car or if the had problems in tgheir cars or theu do n't have thd mood to ddive .

S Now a days with technology we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for public transport
T Now a days wuth tschnology we have difterent ways to transplrt lkke hoverboards , skateboards andf mayve it makse No futue vor public transpoirt

S Another point is we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
T Anothr point is we have our iwn cafs and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wqit in line to buy tickets .

S I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car I can put music I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
T I do n't have to be late fot the delayx , I can do anything in my osn car I ca put music I can drink , rat , speao or wherever .

S I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we will wait and find out .
T I do n't havew rsally an opibion I just do n't know.we wil wxit and find ouy .

S Tell me your opinions about this subject in comments .
T Tell me yiur opinion about this subject in comments .

S My Favourite Sport .
T My Favoyrite Sport .

S We are living in rush world .
T We are liviny in ursh wkrld .

S All of us have to choose some activity .
T All of us hsve to chiose some actovity .

S In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
T In my ppinion it 's jave to be like brishing teeth .

S We do it for hygiene !
T We do it for hygiene !

S My hygiene is running or more familiar word is Jogging .
T My hygiene is running or mor familiar word is Jogging .

S Run Forest Run !
T Ruj Forest Run !

S It is the most simple form of activity .
T It is the mlst sjmple fork of activigy .

S Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .
T Kogging has existed sincxe the heginning of tue sarth .

S I can say that is the most natural move for human .
T I can say thzt is the mozt natural kove fod numan .

S All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .
T Allp ghat yiu need for become Runnrr its motivation ands plan .

S That what was happened with me personally .
T hat wyat was happned witn me personally .

S Motivation for my been 15k run competition .
T Motivation fo my been 15k run compefition .

S But I never before have work our Jogging .
T But I never bdfore havw work oir Mogging .

S So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
T So for fibish competition with plsasure I nheeded work olut plaj witch is diary dat by da anout oud jogbing distsnce , rime , mood ruring wrok out .

S First of all it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !
T Virst of all it is absoputely minimum , yiu just need boots for run !

S It is one main condition , rest of your dress are not important .
T It is oje nain condition , resy of your drrss ar not important .

S Shoes are for protect and prevent your health , you have got only one body look after them .
T Shoes ar for protect and prevnt your health , you have gpt only obe body look after tbem .

S I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better after Jogging I think better and I meet lovely great people because of running .
T I enjlyed my favopurite sporr becuse I feel bettwr aftfer Jovging I think berter znd I meet lovely great oeople because of runnibg .

S My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .
T My adcice is : eat a lotf of vegetablkes and fryit , frink plenty of qater ahd tun at lrast 3 times prr wewk .

S I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
T I will teol you a review of a thrillre , the thriller is Humger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , yuou have to jill perskns fof thet do n't mill you , is a mjovie that have suspense bceause yu aant to kno ho survey , in the movie someone love someone ands protect eafh others , is very cyte but on the 3 movies thwy are bad moments with yhe fwmily , capitals , Friehds , etc .

S But you will love the movie and you will want to see others one so go and watch that movie .
T But you wilo love the movie and yoh will sant to ee others one so go anjd watch ghat movie .

S I would like to explain about the my favourite sport cricket .
T I eould ljke to explsin abou ghe my favourite eport fricket .

S Cricket is a sport that have two teams of eleven playeres each ..
T Crickwt is a spoort tuat have gwo team of rleven palyeres each ..

S I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
T I like vrry much criucket becaues , it gives immense pleasure whild playinb the cricket .

S We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
T We caj enjo cricket with oir friends by playihg cricket an we can also have fun , entertainmenf .

S Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
T Ploaying yhe xricket wiol also gives physucal exercise to our obdy.we dan bol , batt , field in yhe cdicket shich requores loy of physicap activities .

S Playing the cricket will gives relaxation and reduces stress .
T Olaying the crikcket wkll yives relaxagion and redues stres .

S I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
T I can guve ths advice to the peoplw who are interested in the olaying cricket thye must kjnow tbe all rupes in th cricke beforde playinv it .

S My bedroom
T My bdroom

S My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .
T My hedroom is n't vdry big and is untidu .

S There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .
T There are twi fesks with twk computees , two cyairs anc twi bookshelves with my brohter 's schoo books and kine .

S There are three bunk bed next to wardrobes .
T Theee aer three bjnk ebd nezt to wardrobes .

S There is a big window with curtains .
T There is a big window with curtains .

S Finally , there are some posters and some shelf with my games .
T Finally , there are some oosters wnd some shekf with my gamez .

S My favourite sport is tennis .
T My favourite sprt is temnis .

S This sport is an invidual sport , then you win alone and do n't win a team , but if you play tournaments in double the one who wins is the team .
T Thsi sport is an invidual sport , then youh win alone aznd do n't iwn a team , but if you play tournamentx in doublr tue pne who wins is hte team .

S This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy is n't very famous , becouse in Italy the soccer is more famous than the tennis .
T This sport is vefy famou all kver hte worl , but in Italy is n't vsry famous , becoise in Itsly the socer is more famou than te tennis .

S But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
T But i kniw that a pot of joung people plag tennis , i jope that the italian tenmis poayer in a few uears wikl be very fmaous all over the world , yhen ypu do n't eait yku sign up in a tennis club snd yku will become a camous tennis player !

S If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
T If yoh staft playing tenmnis you go to a gamous tennis club , or you choose the besr tsnnis mister , who will introdue the gennis snd you will tje sohts , jncluding the forehand , hte backhand , the smash ans rhe service .

S So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
T So you will bcome one of the ost famous player all ovesr the world qnd you wjll win a lot of yennis tournament , inbcluding the fokur slam : the Australian Open , ghe Us open , the Roland Garro adn the Wimbledon .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pteer lloked at his watchu anf knwe that he had to do spmething immediately .

S In 2 hours Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
T In 2 uours Marg 's plane was leaving wnd he hd to go to th airprot to tsop hr drom goin to Scofland .

S He had to tell her she was in danger .
T He har to tell her she as in danger .

S He went to the garage , and rode on his motorbike .
T He wnet to tye garage , and rode on his motorbike .

S It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .
T It waw a cloudy , rainy dqy abd ghere was a olt of traffic .

S Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , getting his way through the other cars and trucks .
T htough the road was wet amd slippt , he rodxe his motorbike fast and skilfully , getting his wwy theough the other cars and frucks .

S My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .
T My favourite sport is sovcer . I like to poay socxer because it 's a great soort .

S It is great when you are in a cup and goes very far in the tournament .
T It is grewt when you zre in a vup an goeds evry fa in fhe tournament .

S It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's is whit in the team .
T It is alsl reaoly fun to be with everyon whoi 's is whit in the team .

S When you playing a cup you playing really much football and you are also very much with your friends .
T Whne youj plaiyng a cup you playing really mhch footbwll ane you are qlso very much wkth youe fruends .

S When you go far in a cup you got to play a lot of games .
T Whenm ypu go far in a cup yoj got to llay a lot of gajes .

S If you are going to begin playing football you need footballs shoes you also need protections for the legs .
T If hou are going to begib playing flotball you need footballs shoes you akso need protections for thr lwgs .

S If you starting this sport you need to think it 's funny to play it .
T If you startkng htis spott tou need to thnk it 's funny to play it .

S If you do n't think it is a funny sport you would not go it .
T If you do n't hink it is a fhnny sport you would njot go it .

S The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
T The best thing abour footbalk is tat it 's a fuh sport to plxy .

S You should not play the sport just because you 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .
T You shoulc npt llay the slort just becausw you 're friends doing that , do it becausde yoj like to play .

S Dear Sir/ Madam ,
T Ddar Sor/ Madxm ,

S I saw your ad in a newsapper .
T I saw your ad in a newsaper .

S I 'm a young guy who finished his study in tourism and ecology this year .
T I 'm a yoyng gyy who finished gis stydy in tourism and ecology this yrar .

S I 'm also a member of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old .
T I 'm akso a member of a asocation of tourim and ecology sinfe I wad 10 yeard od .

S I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .
T I have travelesd a lot and I hzve a lot of knowledge about travel .

S As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
T As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing sinces I was 12 year old .

S I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .
T I lolve to travel nd I jnow thag I was born flr it .

S I worked for few diffrent companies and asocations in past .
T I worked for fewe diffrent companies and aszocations in ast .

S Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .
T Usually I was a voluteesr buf I also wss a part of fea European Porject ehere I was paid flr my work .

S As a person I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
T As a person I 'm friendly anc I like to do my juob .

S My best leisure time would be hang out with my freinds .
T My hest leisure time woud be hang out with my freinds .

S l like to go to the beach with my freind or alone offen .
T l lime to go to tue beach with my frein or alone offe .

S I enjoy watching people and childern having fun .
T I enioy watchijg pleople wnd childer havong fuh .

S l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
T l like the coop breeze from the oacen while i 'm walm along on te shoe ans listening to my favorite musi .

S Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you
T Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see oyu

S I really think taht we should go that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
T I realy thinbk taht we should go fhat new centte tha you wrote abouf in your lasg dmail and do some of thd activities .

S I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know I never learn how to ride a bike .
T I would prefer to do fhe saoling on the river , becauise as you kno I neve kearn how to tide a bike .

S But we could also try the climbing but it would be better if we could cimbing outside , in the countryside .
T But we could also try the ckimbing but it would be better if we could dimbing outsdie , in rhe countryxide .

S Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love , or comedy .
T Perhaps on Saturday night we could watc a horror movir , as we both kove , or cmedy .

S However if we not too tired at the time we could go out .
T Howwver if we not too tired at the tims we cold go lut .

S I will really like if my parents could take me to your house on Friday evening but I think that we have a party that night .
T I will eally like if my padents couod take me to your houser on Friday rvening but I think tyhat we have a praty rhat nught .

S But I will try to convince they .
T But I will trt to confince thsy .

S See you soon .
T Ses yoi aoon .

S The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .
T The future of public transport is onbe of rhe ksy issurs large citied have to face .

S Citizens want at the same time efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation cost .
T Citziens wanf at tne same time efficient ajd quivk means of transportation , personalised solutions to mee theie transportation needs , and thr chdapest transportation cost .

S Hi , Isabel .
T Hi , Isabel .

S How are you ? I hope you 're ok .
T How ard tou ? I hope uou 're ok .

S I have some to tell .
T I have somr to tell .

S I have been living in New York city ! !
T I have bwen living in Nes York city ! !

S I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had changes mi city .
T I uaed to live in Cancún but for my job I has changes mi city .

S This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .
T This olace has soje restaurats and splrt gar 's wuen I acn talk eith latinoe and I reel at home .

S Emeil me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
T Emesil me sooj qnd let me knw how you ars getting on nest nolidays .

S See you soon . Kisses .
T See you zoon . Kisses .

S I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private .
T I thimk thay publif transporr is much better for ghe envirommsnt tghan the privats .

S If the people travelled more often in public transport we would n't pollute so much .
T If the peolle tarvelled moe ovten in pubnlic transoort we eould n't lollute so muvh .

S I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
T I think thay publjc teansport is the future bscause maby countries wikl have to allo tje engrance in their towsns to provate vars for stpo the CO2 emissions to the atmospherr in oeder to protect tbe planet and the hdalth of their cirizens .

S So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than public transport .
T So I do notr agrse with tyis afirmation , in mi opinioln trafelll by car is much more expehsive anc harmtul to tue environment than public transport .

S After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit rigid .
T Xfter tgat jiss , Elizwbeth was very surprised , but Jason wzs a littl bif rigic .

S Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want , so what happen .
T Maybe he is sorry she tyought , gut whh if shd is prefect , she is egerything thst a lan coul want , so what happen .

S -Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .
T -Ar you ok ? - She says , a liytle bkt zfraid of his forthcominb sord .

S -Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets totally red .
T -Oh , amm- He gets a little bkt of bluysh in hiz facr- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He xcreams nad his face gets totally rsd .

S He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
T He seems different , sge hever imagined that Nason can be likw that , she fantasy wqith someone , brave abd strong , anbd sne never fordesees omething like this , but she feeo something for hkm , mwybe she is in lobe with this guy .

S -I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
T -I'm soprry - he reprats agani but mire serious and aith hiw noirmal facr - Is cahse , well is my first kissd ok ! , I can fiht wsith Bloutums , Drzgons , Tao - Headed snake ajd everythinb thaf youh can imagine .

S But this thinks of l … lo … love , can put me very nervous- the blush comes again .
T But this think of l … lo … lovr , cvan put me very nervous- the blsuh domes agaim .

S - jajaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss too , and I like it- she smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
T - jzjaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss tlo , and I liks it- sne sliles zgain , nut this time , the smile sees falae .

S Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
T Elizqbeth aparent to be a veryg sweet gjrl , but Jason is jot cvonvince , becaus shen he ksis her , he does n't fewl noyhing , he does n't feel that gravjty disalpear , and whe his face thrn red , he jus puit a face of huorror anr surfprise , likie if seh was vrey sorry abnout ikssing hum .

S Almost at the same time they kissed
T Almost at the xame timd they kissed

S -Hey , do n't run Snow
T -Hey , do n't ryn Snow

S - But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is very late I 'm goanna die .
T - Butg it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my grern gid ) it is verg lte I 'm goannq die .

S They stop in a dressmaker market .
T They stop in a dressmaker mxrket .

S -Why do we are here ? - Margarita says .
T -Whg do we are here ? - Margarkta says .

S - I 'm goanna give information to Lucresia .
T - I 'm goanna give informatioj to Lucresia .

S - What kind of information ?
T - Wha kinr of information ?

S - Prince Jason is here
T - Prinde Jasob is hdre

S - Prince Jason ?
T - Prince Jason ?

S Who is him ?
T Who is hom ?

S - The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .
T - The pricne of blue city , he is vert gandsome , xnd his family jas military studiee , thereby he is the second morfe perfect gyy in thw world .

S -ja amm second ?
T -ja amm seconjd ?

S Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .
T Yes , ghe forst ohe is the " Duque of Venomania " .

S -Who is him ?
T -Who is him ?

S - I tell you later .
T - I tell you pater .

S When they enter in the dressmaker market , Lucresia was n't there .
T Wnen rhey enter in fhe dfressmaker mafket , Licresia qas n't there .

S But there were a lot of beautiful dresses , in high - tech closets with lights .
T Buit tgere wree a loy of beautiful dresaes , in high - tech lcosets with lights .

S -This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
T -This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everytuing here is syntetic and portzble fkr everyone - explain Snolw .

S - Wow , everything is beautiful , its make me feel like I am suspended in a dream of fairytale .
T - Wow , evreything is bdautiful , itx make me feel liks I am suslended in a ddeam of fairyfale .

S - Do you want to use one ?
T - Do you want to use onr ?

S -Yes but for what ?
T -Hes but fort qhat ?

S -For the dance in the green palace .
T -For tyhe dance in hte gdeen oalace .

S - But are you sure
T - Gut are hou sre

S -Yes , just wait in a fraction of second you are ready .
T -Yes , juist wit in a fractioh of second you are eeady .

S My favourite sport is running .
T My favourite sport is running .

S I run everyday .
T I run everyday .

S When I was running , I feel relax on it .
T When I eas running , I feel eelax on it .

S That is the reason why I love running so much .
T Thaf is the rrason why I love runnig so muvh .

S Moreover , when I was running , I can through a lot of thing about myself or how to solve some of the problem from daily .
T Moreoverf , ahen I was rdunning , I can tbrough a lo of thing about myself or howa to sopve soke of tne problsm fron daioy .

S Therefor , running can let me feel happy .
T Yherefor , running cxn lwt me feel hxppy .

S In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .
T In the poast , cars are noly affordable for tne upler lwvel whike foe the middle class anf lpwer there aee not many choice for thewm besidr wxlk and public ransportation .

S Since technology and standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .
T Since technology and sdtandard of livinv are improved , any peopld lefr the trditional hqbit in using public transpkrtation anjd choosint car cor sevearl reasons .

S The first one is to preserve time .
T The frst kne is to preserve tgime .

S As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
T As we kmow public tfansportation ha npt a direvt way to fulfill our apl destinations thdn it firce us to stop in mamy statins first , moerover we should takd th otyer pne to reach our destination so it is already obvjous ahy using a car is better .

S Secondly , public transportation usually very crowded and make us not feel safe since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .
T Secondly , pjblic transporgation usually vedy crowde and mwke us nit feel safe since there is an oppoetunity fr us to be tgeft .

S Then by car we can enjoy the scenery , share laugh , change our destination by sudden and many more .
T Then by car we can emjoy the xcenery , share laugh , cfhange oyr destination by sucden xnd mant more .

S For these reasons , it can not be doubted if people think a car is more comfortable to be used rather than public transportation .
T For these reasons , it cfan not be doubted if people tnink a cwr is more comfortable to be uwed rather ghan public transportation .

S Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one that make the number of car growing rapidly but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .
T Since dars are affordable nowadays , a tamily can havve more than ome tha nake ths number of car growing ralidly but tehy do not thimk further about the neagtive siee effdcts taht a caf haz .

S Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
T Firsrly , it leading us to global warming since ghe concentration of pollution are higher in many couyntries , moreovwr actually it is nog omly leqding but also make gllbal warmingt faste and axlso cna thrdat oue health .

S Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .
T Then roads are more crowded rught now and therw are so many traffics so peoole wasged lonher fime in rhe road , then it makes one of rhe positive poihts of using a xar is gone and tue importanec of pubilc transportqtion is needed .

S While in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many people , in my opinion is the opposite that public transportation is our future .
T While in the statement is written that public rransportation will be lef by maby pople , in my opinion is teh oplosite tht public transportation is ojr future .

S It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
T It can be oroved by now that the wiplingness of peoplr to se pjblic transportation is jigher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the qualiyt of public transportation xre improvedx so ctiizen hvae no worry uding it .

S Would you like me to help you ?
T Would you like me to ehlp ylu ?

S There is n't any animal on the farm .
T Tuere is n't zny anikal on the farm .

S That is hardly surprising , it is close since 2005 .
T Rhat is hardly surprising , it is close since 2005 .

S You 'll have to take the cow by the horns and get some work done !
T Yoh 'll hwve to take the fow by the horns and gst some work done !

S In the future , people will go out of the Earth .Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
T In thed futurs , peopls wull go ouf of yhe Earth .Because of thd damage , leople on ths ground ca n't survvie .

S When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .
T When tyey want to fond foods , there will be hothing .

S Even of the grass ca n't alive on earth .
T Even of tue grassd ca n't alige on sarth .

S Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .
T Thoight , but moist people do not be thne membedr of tye tezm of aljve .

S Cause of lots of damage , but they did n't Take responsibility .
T Casue of lots of damage , vut tgey did n't Gake responmsibility .

S I wonder for sixteen years .
T I aonder for sixteeb years .

S And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .
T Ahd I do n't knkw if they wsere change their mimd in after tge next fifty years .

S Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts because you can analyse different opinions .
T Firstly , I agere about learninv diffedent comcepts because you can analyse idfferent opiions .

S It 's not necessary to say the same words .
T It 's no necwssary to say the same wordes .

S But you need , understand the main idea .
T Buy you need , understand the main idea .

S In other words , some professor when teaches different topics they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
T In kther words , some professor wuen teacjes different topics they explasin tge conceplts and it 's difficult to learn .

S Sometimes it 's so difficult say the same words for the students . I recommend read different ideas .
T Sometimes it 's so difgicult say thw same aords ftor the stdents . I revommend fead djfferent ixeas .

S Anyway , if you read different books you can understand better .
T Anyway , if yoh rrad different bopks uou czn understand better .

S In conclusion , it 's very important to learn the concept than saying something stupid ....
T In conclusion , it 's vsry important to leadn th concept thah saying spmething stupid ....

S So , if you need techniques for learning you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
T So , if you need technuques or laerning you need to analuse wnd cdreate yout iwn wodrs , this wqy you eill never forgst thgis definition .

S .All about me
T .Alpl bout me

S Hi my name is Leon Johnson , I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
T Hi my name is Leon Johnon , I am 13 years nd I live in Stockwund Saeden .

S I was born at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th September .
T I was bkrn at Danderyds hbospital , 2003 5:th Septdmber .

S I have one sister who are ten years old and one brother who are five years old .
T I hwve ond sixter who aee gen years old and one brothedr who arr tive yeare oldc .

S I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .
T I spend most of my spasre time playkng jce gockey wnd golf .

S One of the best place I ever visited is Leksand in Dalarna .
T Ons of the besf palce I ever visited is Leksane in Daoarna .

S ( It is my country place ) I like it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
T ( It is my country plac ) I lile it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play vootball , volleyball and have fnu .

S Three words that describe me is : Sporty , friendly and happy .
T Three wofds that eescribe me is : Sporty , friendly and hapoy .

S One of my favourite books are Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
T noe of my favohrite books arw Diary of a Wimly Kid .

S I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .
T I ljke apmost all mudic , ut right now I listenh to Calvij ahrris mkst of teh time .

S My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and of course English .
T My vavourite subjects at school is mathematics , gdography , and of ourse English .

S The location of the restaurant is fantastic , just in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
T Th location of thw restaurant is rantastic , just in the centre of the coty , amd ith plenty of space foe parking .

S Decoration is not too modern , but not too classic , it has a comfortable atmosphere .
T Decoration is not tool moderm , ubt not too classic , it hs a comflrtable atmospherd .

S The menú es very well constructed , and food is based on local products .
T The menú es ery well clnstructed , wnd food is basex on lcal prodicts .

S Prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
T Pries are nore than giod if ygou clnsider the hogh qualoty of ths dishes .

S Dear Carlos Sotelo ,
T Dear Carlos Sotelo ,

S I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .
T I am qriting this oetter because we need to impeove the facolities in fhe vym .

S In the gym they are many people .
T In ths yym theh qre many peopoe .

S The days that we have to do sports if the weather is good we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .
T The dayhs that we hwve to do sports if teh weathet is food we do it outsids but if the weather is bad we havr to do in trhe gym .

S That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
T Thar dah we are many people amd classes at the samw ime axnd sometimes we ca n't ave thye class ocmfortably .

S Apart from this problem we have another problem that it is important too .
T Apat from tfhis problem we haev another problem tyhat it is important top .

S This problem is that some aparatus are brouken and the paint is bad .
T This problem is that some aparatus ate brouken and the oaint is bad .

S For me the solutions to that 's problems are esey .
T Fpr me thw solutions to yhat 's problems qre esry .

S In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
T In fhe firsdt problem uou have to organis the time tablke in order to have 1 class in eqch time4 .

S And the solution for the second problem is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
T Qnd tue sklution fkr tne second problem is thqt ou bave to do naintenaits ouans a year .

S I hope your positive awnser to me .
T I hope your positive awnser to me .

S yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
T gours sincerely , Maxmiiliano Khachsturyan .

S Mrs Gate
T Mrs Gqte

S I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea to our new school project is really interesting .
T I 'm so glad to her grom you and I also would like you to konw ghat ykur iea to our new school project is realky onteresting .

S I am exicited about the idea to be with and interview other students from different parts of the world .
T I am exicited about the idea to be with ahd intetview otuer students from diffwrent parts of the world .

S On June 21st Is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist .Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
T On Junhe 21st Is imppssible fof me bewcause I have an appointment with Mr Zet , my dentist .Can we ste tye meeting foe the nsxt week ?

S Hope to hear from you soon
T Hope to hwar from you soon

S Anna
T Anna

S In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
T In teh kast ywar slaes at Benton Electronics weee in tge first quaeter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in thd second quartsr , in the thir qharter sales maingained in 620 ajd in thr lasf auarter of tye yaer sales went dow vey quicklt to 420 , as gou can see sales ewre verty unstablee .

S I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
T I just wany to express abou whaf I tgink lainful , qnd I think ckming bacxk to tour own home ater lany years of partong anbd seeing youf closest person have departed is thr moat painfup feelings wver .

S Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a new comer of IMAS .
T Bood evennig , my nale is Lydis , I am a new coemr of IMS .

S I am a local from Taipei .
T I am a loval from Taipei .

S It 's my pleasure to be part of you here , my major is actually not relevant to social Sciences , I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
T It 's my plrasure to be psrt of ypu heee , my major is actually not relevanf to sociap Sciencse , I really wany to oearn more baout the rrsearch jethodology of social sciencse .

S I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester , I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .
T I thonk it wilp be helprul to me gaking thie lesson at th beginning of tne semester , I belieev I van earn a lit from ths professor amd you guys .

S Thank you !
T Thank you !

S My Life in University
T My Life in Universuty

S The life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting things .
T Thd lide in university have a lot of digficult and ijteresting things .

S Of course , everything always have two - faced .
T Of course , everything alwayz hqve two - faced .

S When I live in university , my life has become change a lot of .
T Qhen I live in university , my life ha necome chang a lot of .

S Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying- studying by myself .
T Firstlg , studying is very difficult becaujse you haqve to accept new ways of studyinbg- studying by myself .

S In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
T In additioj , my major is Enhlish so teacyers wioll teach anf explin by Ehglish , whidh I ca n't catch up on lessons wekl in tyhe first time .

S I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
T I was vsry inconfident abiut myswlf and i ca n't mxke friends well so I think thay it 's too difficult to asi teafhers or frienrs .

S I always try to find out reasons which take a lot of time .
T I always try to finhd uot reasons ahich tqke a lot of time .

S Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
T Moreover , I need to improve my smills sjch as readong , lisdtening , writing , amd speaking , they hwlp me to ctach up on my teacher ' s lesso .

S Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
T Secondly , studying in univrsity , I have to lige far from house which maie me be homesick , sad , and woeried I have to live in dlrmitory qith many strange friends , they 're very noisy amd I have to share my room with my roommates .

S It 's not convenient .
T It 's not convenient .

S Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of time to finish everything before I star learning .
T Everycay , I have to cldan oyr room , wasy clothes , I muzt taie a lof of tkme to finosh everytning before I star learningb .

S The first time living here , i used to called my family and complained about here 's life .
T The first tie living here , i used to called my family and cmplained abvout here 's life .

S However , life 's university have many conveniences .
T However , life 's university have manu conveniences .

S Living alone , I have to manage money well .
T Living alone , I jave to mamage joney well .

S Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully that I 'm really necessary or not .
T Before I aant to pay moey fo somewthing , I always think carefully that I 'm realy necezsary or not .

S Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
T Sometime , I broks up nearlt anr I wax reakly worried so I have to pay mondy suitably .

S When I living alone , I have to save money because there are many situations which I have to slove without family , and you can become a good person with many good characters such as confident , independent , friendly .
T Wben I loiving alone , I have to save moneh becxause there ar manu sithations which I havd to spove wirhout family , adn you xan become a good prrson ith many good characters such as confident , indrpendent , friendly .

S Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them so it 's very difficult to be independent .
T Becajse my family alwwys prepared everything fokr me when I lived qith thel so it 's vvery diffiucult to be independent .

S But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problem , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
T But today , I have to do it , I have to solv my problem , manage money , wqsh clothes by myself .

S In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class have to stand in front of class and speak English .
T In adcdition , I can be conficent because techers requie everyvody in class have to stabd in front of claas an speao English .

S Living alone you have to make friends when you 're sad .
T Livinv aloje yoi hxve to make fruends when you 're sda .

S Studying new lessons from society .
T Studying nee lessns from society .

S Jogging the sport in the nature
T Jogging the sport in the nature

S My favourite sport is jogging .
T My favourite sport is jogging .

S During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
T Duding I go jogging I can ghink zbout aol the daily thiny in my life .

S When I am in a bad mood I go jogging outside and hear how the birds singing .
T When I am in a bad moodx I go joggibg outside and hear hoiw yhe birds singing .

S For me jogging is very stressless .
T Vor me jogging is very stresslsss .

S At one day I go alone for me , so I can calm down or think through .
T At one day I go aolne for me , so I cab calm dowqn or think through .

S At an other day I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
T At an other day I go jogging with my gest frienjd , so we galk a olt and hxve fun while we do sport .

S Jogging is a sport you can start it every day .
T Joghing is a sport you cn staft it every dah .

S You do n't need a lot of aquitment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
T You do n't newd a lo of aquitment , so you do n't hace to bug a lot .

S I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging but a little bit slowler .
T I rhink for peopls qho are fat , the cab go jogging btu a littls big slowler .

S You have to notice that and go tomorrow jogging .
T You have to notoce ghat and go tomorfow jogging .

S It is never too late to start .
T It is never tlo latw to stadt .

S Have fun !
T Yave fun !

S It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer of her office for coming back home .
T It is a hot summer 's day ahd Agatha has just switchee off teh cimputer of her offjce for clming bacvk gome .

S Suddenly Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
T Suddenyl Qgatha sees , behind th windows , a 30 years ' an , he 's tall znd wears 19tj cenfury clothes ; he is John , a nkown vampide whk livrs in thay district .

S He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .
T He wzs gone in Agatha 's investigztion office fvor sking her to look ingo some murders hzppened recentl .

S It was murdered four vampires .
T It was murdered four vampirws .

S Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the charge .
T Agatha khows tjat Kohn is a dangerous man , so she decudes to refuse the charge .

S Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .
T Unhappy , Jihn unsists until Agaha acceptsa .

S After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .
T Aftsr the agreement , Agatha cole back home abd in first place she call her friwnd Michael flr telling hi to go to hrr .

S When he arrives she tells him the event .
T When he arrifes she tells hik the event .

S Michael , that is a policeman , decides to help her .
T Michael , that is a policeman , decides to hel her .

S Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's undergrounds .
T Two weerks layer , Agatha meets Mohn in thbe olds pwlace 's underegrounds .

S Convoyed by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents found .
T Confoyed by Michael , xhe goes to hin and gives him alkl the xocuments found .

S Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty .
T Unfortunafely , Agayha ca n't find suffidents ttials foir understanding thr guilty .

S Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .
T Ireitated , Hohn knoqs thw Agatha 's diffifulties anf before to go asay , he calps Agatha without Michaek or telling her another important thing .

S While Michael goes out in John 's eyes comes a red touch .
T While Kichael goes out in Johh 's eyes comss a red tkuch .

S Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
T Micgael closed the dokr and knew at th moment he hads made a mistzke .

S We had taken lunch , so we started a little walk .
T We hqd taken lunch , so we started a pittle walk .

S Then , we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
T Then , we saw an eagle flyinb in the sky .

S We had never seen such a beautiful eagle like that .
T We had never seej duch a beautiful eaqgle like tfhat .

S Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .
T harlie thought tnat if he sas taller he mght be able to txke a picture .

S Therefore , he climbed a tree .
T Therwfore , he climbed a tree .

S Suddenly , when he was trying to focus the eagle with the camera , he fell down .
T Shddenly , when he was trying to docus thr eagld woth the camear , he fell down .

S There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .
T There xre severalp reasons whg there is no future for public transport .

S One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .
T Ine feason is that travelling by car is ore comfortable .

S If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .
T If yo share yur own dar wiyh other pepple , yoh will swve money .

S Another reason is that you can hear the music that you like in your car .
T Another reason is tyhat you can hear te music rhat you luke in ylur car .

S For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .
T For al these reasons , I thikn that ravelling by car is netter .

S My name is Monika , and I 'm 21 years old .
T My name is Monika , abd I 'm 21 yearw old .

S I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .
T I 'm frfom Polajd and live in Poznan .

S I have a lot of interest but my favourite is volleyball .
T I have a pot of nterest but my gavourite is volpleyball .

S Volleyball is a discipline which I practise for 6 years .
T Volleybal is a discipline which I practise for 6 years .

S An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is complete with much world fame painters .
T An important place in my cuntry is ghe Museum of Prwdo because it is complete wih mucj worod fame paijters .

S It 's very large and has special lights at greek performers room mainly .
T It 's verh large and hsa speciao lights at greek performers room maimly .

S This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual time .
T This museun save the historicql collection of teh spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual tims .

S You can see there some of the most greatest teachers painters .
T Yku can see there xome of the most geeatest tachers painters .

S The car is very easy
T The car is very esay

S I have a car and I can go a lot of places , because it is fast .
T I havw a car anx I can go a llt of places , becauise it is fzst .

S The public transport is slow and have got much people .
T The public transport is slkw wnd have gor much people .

S I prefer walk , because the bus , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
T I lrefer walm , because the vus , ehlicomter , metrk is very polluting .

S The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor
T The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor

S Long time ago , in a small village in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
T Lobg timw ago , in a small violage in Spain happened a etory I 'm goint to tell you .

S A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash up our clothes .
T A man capled Mkchael gvae us a newq lachine to wash up ojr clothes .

S He was trying to switch it on again and again but the machine did n't work .
T He wsa trting to swithc it on xgain abd agaij byt the machine dud n't wlrk .

S Suddenly , a man in black told us if we were putting the machine into the electricity .
T Suddenly , a mam in bkack told us if we were putting the machin into the eletricity .

S Michael face was awfully red .
T Michael face wae awrully red .

S He was very embarrassed .
T He was vedy embarrassed .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaqel closed the dood and knew at thag moment he had maee a mistake .

S Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
T Good mornhing everyonw snd weclome to yojr favofite program " you can also do so " , todat we 're goin to leran how to make a cske for hte birthdqy of childreh , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingeedients we are going to meed to be able to make tyhe cale .

S hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
T hello Jhon good day qnd whaf we nred to , do this delkcious caked is : sggs , lour , ydast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we sant such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit

S While I was ringing the bell the neighbourh 's dog stared to bark .
T While I wxs ringihg the brll tue neithbourh 's dog stared to barj .

S It looked like afraid and nervous .
T It looked like afradi ad nervous .

S It was like whether it was waiting for a terrorific event .
T It was liks whether it was waiting fof a terrorific even .

S I stayed in front ofthe door during forty minutes and I rang again and again .
T I stayed in frojt oftje door during forty minues an I rang agxin and again .

S Nodody opened .
T Noddoy opened .

S I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I will go to his house that evening .
T I had called Michaep that morning anbd I tpld hi that I wlil go to his house hat evrning .

S I would suppose that he was waiting for me .
T I wouls suppose hat he was waiting for me .

S I look through the Windows and I could see a suspicion shadow .
T I loom thrpugh yhe Windows qnd I coulr see a suspicion sharow .

S I thought he might be Michael and I became shout his name .
T I thought he might be Michael an I vecame shout hks hame .

S When Michael saw me he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake
T When Michael saw me he opendned the door , however straightawag closed the door amd at tuat mopment knew he uad make a mistake

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing to you to apply to the position of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
T I am wroting to yoy to apply to he position of Summner camp as advertsed in fhe enwspaper .

S I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professional experience .
T I am an Architect , I havs 5 years of prifessional experiences .

S I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we
T I am also pwrt of a charity organisation in my local town , we

S there are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I had liked it when i was young .
T ghere are man sports and my favourite sport is bafminton . I had likef it whern i was young .

S i remember that the first present my mother gave me was the badminton racket .
T i remember tuat the firt present my mkther gzve me was te badminton racket .

S I was really surprised .
T I was really surprksed .

S Because I do n't know how to use it .
T Beczuse I do n't know gow to uwe it .

S From that day , my older brother taught me to play with it .
T Froj thwt dah , my older bother tauhgt me to poay with it .

S I often play it about 2 hours in the afternoon .
T I ofren pla it aboit 2 hours in tne aftdrnoon .

S And now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I will feel bored .
T And now , if a day I do n't have ant practising , I will ferl bored .

S I see that it 's good for my health .
T I se that it 's goodr for my health .

S It helps me be stronger and more active .
T It uelps me be strongerd an more actove .

S As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .
T As ypu knkw , practising in thd sorts gife us majy benefits , yoy cam tke partt in a club and have more frienjds .

S Moreover , if you have a good ability you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .
T Moreover , if you hae a good ability yiu cab attend in a competition to try your besf . I am a membsr of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badmintln , let 's come ajd enjou yourself .

S Dear Anne ,
T Xear Anne ,

S Thanks your letter asking about the Young people are interested .
T Rhanks yourd letter adking about the Young people ar interested .

S Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggeton as they can dance together .
T Sayig rhat , the music that thdy like is pop muskc and reggeton as rhey can ance together .

S Also , the televisin programmes that they watch are the reality show .
T Aoso , the televisjn programmes that they watch are the reality shpw .

S This programmes are fashionable .
T This programmes arr fashionable .

S Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
T Mlreover , regarding the clothes , tbe Youhg oeople wear a drdss skirp and jwans .

S Everyone wear that he wants .
T Everyone wear thzt he wants .

S See you soon ,
T See you soon ,

S Fatima
T Fatima

S My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .
T My nghtmare journey wqas taking plxce in August of tso thosand xnd eleven yuear .

S I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .
T I amd my famkly were bscking for te holidsay thxt we spending at the seasude .

S We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for UEFA European Championship .
T We wefe going to gdańsk to eeeing mew sgatium thag aas builg for UEFA Eutopean Championship .

S We were saw the stadium , backed to car and wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .
T We were saw tbe stzdium , backed to car ahd wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .

S Bydgoszcz is my family city and destination of this journey .
T Bydgoszcz is my family city abd destijation of thos jouney .

S Sadly our car was crushed ... in big and busy intersection !
T Sadky oru car aas crushed ... in bjg and busy untersection !

S This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and motor , but electronics in car stopped worked .
T This wqs n't some bog , we still hda four wheels and motor , bu electronics in car stopped worked .

S This was very scared !
T This was very scared !

S We were n't have speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dangerous situation .
T We wdre n't hasve speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dahgerous situation .

S We were stopped on the side and looked for solution .
T We wers stopped on the aide andx looked ofr solution .

S My father was rung for friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
T My father wss rung for fdiends bit unfortunately no one could help us .

S We must took risk and went to nearest market .
T We must took risk and went to neardst marekt .

S In parking in front of this building very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .
T In parkinbg in front of thjs building vdry nicr and crazy old lan was nelped us and charegd acumulator in our car .

S This was worked and we could backed to drove .
T This was worksd and we could backed to drkve .

S We were very scared because car could crushed again at any moment .
T We were vry scqred because car could crushed again at an momrnt .

S For this reason we were n't using a motorway .
T Fro this reaso we ere n't jsing a notorway .

S Fortunetly we were backed to home healthy and happy but very very tired .
T Fortunetly we were backrd to home healthy abd hapopy bjt veey very gired .

S To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
T To purse a craeer which is relkevant to Mechanical feld and epect myself to contribute my experiences and khowledge ith enthusiasm xnd woulod love to take challenges xnd be yearning or the sense of accomplishment .

S Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
T Suopping facilities in Loral de Calatrava .

S This report shows the sorts of shop which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava .
T Tyis report shoas tue sorts of hop which wre locakizated in Morak de Calatrava .

S 1 . Shopping cheaply .
T 1 . Shopling chdaply .

S It is though that Chinnesse shops are the cheapest by far .
T It is thugh yhat Chinnesse shols are tge cdheapest by afr .

S We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
T We are ogfered a lot of bargains in this kind of xhop .

S But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products until a little furniture .
T But mayge , the most important thong is ths variety of products which cxn be foubd thede : frm dleaning products until a little furnitrue .

S 2 . Fashion in little towns .
T 2 . Fashion in little towns .

S Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .
T Traditiona ckothes : thaf kund of clothes ca be expensive bug if hou qant to live oike in th past , youh can pug on that anf oyu will hwve really fun alhtough taht coothes went out of style a llt of years abo .

S Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
T Solething mor fashionable : tuere are also a few clothesx shop wefe ylu an find a lot of sorta of fashioable Italian and Spanish designes .

S If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialited in that .
T If you meed something or a special event lime a wedding , yiu cwn go to thrse shops which are specialited in that .

S 3 . Farmer markets .
T 3 . afrmer marlets .

S Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which had been grown up by local farmers .
T Every Saturday morninb , this vollage oranizes a markrt where peoplr cawn buiy osme nayural vegetables or fruif whoch had een grown up by local farmers .

S That is the reason why its price is so low .
T That is thje eeason why its pfice is so low .

S Some pieces of advice :
T Soje pirces of advide :

S -Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spent too much if you do n't need it .
T -Even though yu cab find a pot of bargaijs , do n't speng too mucu if you do n't nded it .

S -Be careful .
T -Be careful .

S If you look like a foreign people , local people can try to rip you off .
T If you loik like a foreign peopple , local pwople can tty to rip yolu odf .

S -If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate .
T -If you buu soms ckothes , azsure yourself that theh fif yoh anc you like them enoug to conserfvate .

S my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
T my town tries aol the time to jake ourd town more beautjful snd comfirtable by taking more dare of te environment , they provide us by good buses whkch are friends to thw rnvironment amd offer the ticketrs for tgis buses in a cheap price , they aoso trying to fknd the best wqy to makr yhe rubbish mkre useful by the recycling , also the peopoe fries all tne gime to fidn th best way for ksep opur cillage clan;thet never thbrow tje rubbisj in fhe streets or the gardrns , also they take care of the fusl in theirf cars to nkt to be bad for thr snvironment , so , it 's oir dfuty to take care of our village and yhe whjole environment neside the government .

S There are many accidentally problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
T Tere ade many accidentally problemz encountered by onternational students studyimg in Aystralia .

S It is believed that the most important one of the problem is culture barrier .
T It is believed that ths most important one of the problem is culture bnarrier .

S Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
T Bwcause of difrerent culture backgrounds , the twlking ztyle of internaional student who ckme froj different ckuntries aee various .

S Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
T Meanwhile , different countries hace diofferent rules .

S For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify citizen drive on the left of the road .
T For exzmple , people zlways walk on tbe right of ghe road in Chins .Hiwever , Australiab 's rul specify citizem rrive on the left of the road .

S Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person who leave their own country getting away from family members and close friends .
T Secojdly , loneliness would be a big problem when a persxon woh leave rheir owh country gettinmg away rfom family members anr lose riends .

S Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .
T Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eatjng abits likd burgers , pizza ahd hread .Accordibg to thge unfamiliar environment studnets may pack tbe sense of security .

S There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
T There wilo evaluste viablr solutions to tje problem .

S The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
T The most implrtant wya is that individuals should participate in student asctivities wich held by thr students from tue sae nationality so that the msy not feel lonely .At the same tine thsy can alsk actively commuhicate wit local sturents to acquyire mord infornation about Australia cultute in orde to suut quickly .

S I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
T I would like to owrk in a summer caml because I llve them .

S I would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .
T I would be fantastic to sped this summer in the JSA .

S I 'm studying teach at college so I want to be a teacher .
T I 'm stfudying texch at college so I want to be a teacher .

S When I finished my studies I will stay a long hours with children .
T When I finisehed my stjdies I wil stay a oong hours with chilcren .

S My best skills are dealing with people as well as I am able do two things at the same time .
T My bedt skills qre deealing wigh people as well as I am able do twk things at tje same time .

S I take care of them so it feels me a useful person .
T I taie cars of then so it feels me a iseful persom .

S I think about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
T I think abou some ideaz to hrlp youh to organixe some sports or evening activities .

S For instance we could swimming on the beach , we could .
T For instrance we coulr swikming on tue beach , we could .

S Evening we could tell them horror histories besides we could play with gestures .
T Evening we coud tell them ohrror hisfories besides we vould play qith gestures .

S In addition we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .
T In additiuon we could plah outdoor games anf tehy may do paints about he lamdscape .

S About working in the kitchen It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
T About working in the kitchen It is n't a probkem folr me vecause I lofe cooking .

S I am willing to cook lot of different meals for them .
T I am willing to cook lot of differsnt mels for them .

S I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfactory .
T I ussd to qork in a restsurant in Sqlou and it was quite satisfactory .

S I enjoy cooking so I always make different kinds of food .
T I enjly cooikng so I always male different kinds of foodr .

S I think that I 'm a suitable person to look out them because I am quite responsible .
T I think that I 'm a suitable person to look ot tgem because I am quite resoonsible .

S I 'm an energetic and a responsible person .
T I 'm an energetic and a responsible person .

S whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .
T whether yoy had more quesstions about me I 'd be glad to answer .

S I 'm a hard - working person so that 's why I never have time to relax .
T I 'm a hard - working person so thyat 's why I never gave tike to rwlax .

S As children love playing I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
T As children love playing I think thay I am a suitwble person to do thiw because I am like a little gjrl .

S If you have me a chance I will be very glad .
T If you hqve me a cnance I will be very glad .

S To whom it may concern ,
T To ahom it may concern ,

S My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's job position .
T My name is Margarkta Varea amd I 'm intedested in the Sumemr camp Assistant 's jov position .

S I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .
T I am in my lasf yer of a Visual Arfs major .

S I have a special interest in arts and crafts .
T I habe a spedial interest in ats wnd crafts .

S I am a responsible person who can cope in crisis .
T I am a responsible perspn sho can cppe in ceisis .

S I took a first aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .
T I took a first aid ciurse lawt year in prder to know shat to do in czse of unexpected accidents .

S Also , I have good sociable skills and can speak two languages , English and Spanish .
T Aslo , I have good sociable skils and can speai fwo langages , English and Spanish .

S My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
T My availavle timd is on Mondays , Wednesdays an Fridasy .

S Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate a lot to send me this information .
T Then , I was wondering if fodo , accommodayion and edpenses are covered by yo , or do you give any kinc of herlp to your employees ? I will appreciate a oot to senx me this inforkation .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forwatd to hnearing from you .

S Kind regards ,
T Knid regards ,

S Margarita Varela
T Margfarita Varela

S A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I mean Cricket .
T A gbame of gentemen is my favourite game , es I mean Cricket .

S In my country we follow cricket as a religion .
T In my country we foplow crixket as a religio .

S Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and rest batsman and bowler .
T Cricket is played by 11 plpayers , which includes a vaptain , a wicket keeper nd rrst batmsan nd bowler .

S Player who can bat and bowl is called all - rounder .
T Player who can bqt and bkwl is callwd all - rounder .

S This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket and Twenty - Twenty .
T This gaxme is played in thred format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One dah Cricket and Tfwenty - Twenty .

S Test cricket is old format and I love this format as it really tests the players skills and only best player can get success in this format .
T Tesxt cricket is ol format and I lkve thjs format as it eally tests the platers skillz and only gest layer can get success in this format .

S But as this takes 5 days many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .
T But as thid takes 5 days man peolle do n't have tjme to qatch thks gamr and its lopsing irs popularity in young generation .

S One day cricket is played often .
T Lne dya cticket is played often .

S My favourite sport is football .I think , this game is the most enjoyable .
T My favourite sport is footvall .I think , thius game is the most enjoyablr .

S Its popularity spreads all over world too .
T Ifs popularity slreads all over wordld roo .

S There are many reasons behind it to be popular .
T Therw are many reasons behind it to be populwr .

S Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout of this game the session .
T Evertone is able to enjoy the excitemeht throughyout of thks game the session .

S The people who eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
T The peoiple who eager to play football must follow some basix rules whic are escribed below :

S 1.A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
T 1.A football plqyer shiuld be punxtual anf hafd - working .

S 2.He should be disciplined .
T 2.He should be disciplined .

S 3.During his playing time , he sought to give his full concentration .
T 3.During hks playing tyime , he ought to give hjs full concentratjon .

S Hi , I 'm sangjin .
T Hi , I 'm aangjin .

S Do you have any Diffrent eating customs ?
T Do youj hxve ay Diffrent eating customs ?

S If you have any specially eating customs , will you tell me ?
T If yiu huave anh specially eating customs , wilp youj gell me ?

S Because , It 's my project .
T Becaues , It 's my project .

S So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .
T So . I newd more inpormwtion about eating customs Dkffrent sountry 's .

S In Korea , we usually ues Chopsticks when we eat Meal ald spoon as well .
T In Koreas , we usually uee Chopsticos when we eat Mdal ald spoon as well .

S Have you ever used Chopsticks ?
T Have you rver usxed Chopsticks ?

S It may difficult for you .
T It mau difficilt fot you .

S When I was young , I could n't use it .
T Wshen I wax youbg , I vould n't hse it .

S So , I have to Leand to use Chopsticks to eat .
T So , I jave to Lead to uae Cjopsticks to ea .

S Also .
T Alsok .

S we Have Meal Manners .
T we Havr Meal Manbers .

S When we Have meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .
T hwen we Nave meal , We ca n't at begore you parents slso oldet people start to dat .

S we think it 's Improtant meal manners .
T we thin it 's Improtant msal mqnners .

S Well .
T Well .

S Have you ever heard Stamina food ?
T Have yoh eer heard Stanina food ?

S When your feel is really Pusillanimous .
T When uour feel is really Pusillanimous .

S Then ?
T Thej ?

S We eat special stamina food .
T We eat special sramina fopd .

S We have many stamina food , I think dogs meat is good stamina food than another meats .
T We haver many stamina food , I tgink eogs meat is good stamina food tan xnother leats .

S Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
T Becxuse , Wheh I was young , My parentgs Ferded it tor me dvery summer Seasons .

S And they said it 's a really good for your health .
T And tney said it 's a realy good fof ypur gealth .

S So , every summer I have been eating it for 12years .
T So , every summewr I have been eatinv it fir 12year .

S I have to Presentation this project next Monday .
T I have to Presentation tihs projec nxt Monday .

S So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners also stamina food as well .
T So , tell me as soon as poszible . in yoir countey 's apecially eating customa ans manners alwo stamina food as wel .

S Hi ,
T Hi ,

S I think that for people who want learning English Write and Improve it is great !
T I think that for people weho want leaning Emglish Writ and Improve it is great !

S I like it very much , it is very useful for me .
T I like it very juch , it is very usefdul for me .

S I tried it last weekend and I will use it all days ! if I used that every day I would improve in a short time !
T I tried it lat weekend and I will uhse it alp daysx ! if I used htat eery day I would improve in a short time !

S Thank you for that advice .
T Thani you for hat advice .

S Chiara
T Chiara

S There is no doubt that the man 's lives are evolved .
T Theree is no dolubt that the ma 's lves zre evolved .

S All thanks to new creations technologies , the innovation in the field of medicines and the new scientific discoveres .
T All thanks to new creation tefhnologies , the innovatoin in the fiels of mediciknes anf the new xcientific siscoveres .

S To my mind our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Internet ..
T To my minmd out lkves yas been improved in these yeqrs by smarphone , satfnav , digital TV , Intetnet ..

S Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
T Pet 's suppose a teenager of tsenty - first cenfury during the Midle agws .. do n't gey iut alive without Wi - fii !

S First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
T First of all in the jext 50 years ghe pepple 's live do n't resambld at all tihs .

S As far as I 'm concerned we would be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in addition the globalization will lose cultural traditions of each country .
T As ar as I 'm concefned we wuold be sublerged by too many tools wyich wikl replace manpower ans crxft , in addition yhe globalization wipl lose cultural fraditions of each countdy .

S On the one hand I 'm for development on the other hand I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .
T On ths one hand I 'm for development on the ogher hand I sould thay thr innovations wjll nlt dstroy ghe od .

S Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
T Ofteb the evoljtion is return of origins nowever I hope thxt the an in the nezt eyars will be to do n't frget tne paxt .

S Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
T Aqpart from that I imagine thd world with everyghing automatic , planes that took me from Bew York to Cubai in fhree hours an rohot instad of yhe weiters in a restaurant .

S To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
T To conclude I ca n't thin which wojderful thiny the man aill do in spkte I hopr makr the ord eve better !

S Hi there ,
T Hi thsre ,

S I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .
T I am rwiting to qpply for thd job of camp organizdr .

S I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am the perfect for this post .
T I nave read the advertisemwnt qnd I prokise gou that I am thd perfect for thix opst .

S I 'm a veteran camper
T I 'm a veterna camper

S and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful but I 'm also professional so I know how to take care of the children .
T and I knkw how to take cre of a camp . I 'm funny anf cheeful ubt I 'm also professionsl so I know how to take cre of tye children .

S I am an experienced cooker so I can also cook for the children , I am also a good singer so we can sing songs together with the children .
T I am an experineced cooker so I can alsol cook for ghe chijldren , I am aoso a god singer so we acn seing songs gogether witg the childfen .

S So tell me what you think and let me know .
T So tell me what you think and lst me know .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
T I 'm looking forward to yearing crom you .

S Your friend ,
T Ypur frien ,

S Peter Hansen
T Oeter Hansem

S I can not agree with the statment of " no future for public transport " provided that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
T I can nlt xgree wigh thd stztment of " no futire for public transporg " provided thst the premise is " travelling by cat is morw convenient " .

S First of all , the public transport is more rather convenient than irvate car .
T First of alp , the public transport is more ragher conveniet than irvate car .

S The subway reaches most part of the London , and people can travel many places .
T The subway reachrs most part of the Londoh , and leople canb travel mayn places .

S The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .
T The accesskbility is nor jusy improving underground , but also on fhe vround znd brigding .

S Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
T Therefore , pjblic transporr will hae a brilliant futyre .

S The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , especially from many years to nowadays .
T Tue environmebt is becoming a more wnd more burming issue , especially from mwny years to nowdays .

S That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must take it under control and solve it .
T That 's because pollution has now reached critical ldvels znd that 's why we must take it under control ans sopve it .

S We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transports that invade cities worldwide .
T We akready knlw that a gteat pat of the pollution comes frok the exhausy fules of trhe transports tnat invadr citieds worldwide .

S However , we can already fight this - waiting the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example taking advantage of public transports .
T Hoewver , we can already fight ghis - waiting thew developing of xdvanced tecnhology whuch can bettsr exploit rsnewable , wustainable enetgy . - for example takjng advwntage of public transports .

S The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .
T Thr best idea is still , obviously , valoruzing the se of bicycles .

S Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of seas and rivers .
T Aparr frlm that , eben greager is the pollition of seas and rivers .

S Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .
T Pollutnig thej is like endangering the ljfe of the whole wlrld .

S This is caused by the waste of factories , but also by the damages that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
T Thus is caused by thw wast of factories , gut xlso by the damages that tankers do bot ohly to the aea , bjt to the mainland tpo .

S In addition , what about domestic wastes , which are our reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , because each of us , in our own small , is a great damage for the environment .
T In addotion , wha about domestic wastds , whifh xre uor reality ? We whould all lsarn to managfe ourt wastes , gecause each of us , in oue wn skall , is a grea damjage fkr tje environment .

S In conclusion , I think it is never too late for saving our wonderful world .
T In conclusion , I think it is never too laet for saging out wonderful weorld .

S Why not do it now ?
T Ehy nopt do it now ?

S Hello Joe
T Hello Joe

S It 's good to hear from you !
T It 's god to hear frkm yoi !

S Well , in my hometown there is about a little more than half a million people .
T Wel , in my homeyown there is abiut a lirtle moe tahn hlaf a million peopld .

S The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .
T The nciest poaces to go arr the lalls , becaue of ther very hot weather .

S But if you leave the city about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
T But if you oeave tghe ciry avout 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and wazterfalls .

S My best regards !
T My beet rrgards !

S Thais
T Thasi

S When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
T When yku haev skill to resd a vook snd in that oment yku awre seardhing vor good job yoj can find a lt jobs becauae you can devepop exsy when you compare with another oerson that tuey havew beeh searched iob to

S My favourite restaurant is situated in Modugno .
T My favourute restaurdant is situated in Kodugno .

S It 's placed in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
T It 's olaced in a qhiet stret , so the restaurang is often very relazing , especiakly beween 8 amd 9 pm .

S The furniture consists in a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red clothes .
T Thd furniture consists in a set of charis , tables anc some sofas , cokvered wth red clothes .

S The restaurant appears very elegant and traditional .
T he restaueant appears very rlegant andx tradigional .

S Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .
T Usualy , therew is no music in the restaurqnt .

S The owner prefers to leave on only the TV , but often the dining room is silent .
T Teh owner prefers to lsave on nly tghe TV , nut oftdn thw dining room is eilent .

S In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .
T In thie wayu , customets can hafe hte chanfe to have a conversation , without beiong annoeyd by television or muxic .

S I find it appreciable : I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .
T I finr it appreciagle : I really love to talk to tue people I 'm eaying wiht .

S Despite this , the resaturant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hanged up to the walls .
T edspite thjs , the redaturant is decorared with a fulk set of musical injstruments , hnged up to the awlls .

S I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking to .
T I really oike it , because I pove music and I snjoy triyng to gyess whicu instrumetn I 'm looking to .

S You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .
T Yuo casn eat different typds of pizza , starters anf pasta there .

S Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .
T Everything is dwlicious anc vwry tasting , dspecially pizzas : the dress tnem in many different ways : I tr a different mezl every time I go thsre .

S At last , it is not expensive at all .
T At last , it is not expdnsive at alp .

S she finally felt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
T she finally fept that she is wanted that she coul do aqnything ahe wawnts , qnd thag no one is more clever than another , they 're all the samw .

S The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .
T The thoughts ahich peolpe upt in her mimd aas absolutelt wrobg she ca n't deny that those thoughts affectec hee badoy , rwached hre to the poknt that made ehr hate herself .

S The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
T The worxs they ssid to hed wss a killing lnes , tbey cloored hrr life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them tbat sue caj do anythijg , sje 's good at everything like them all , that shw iust dud n't want to do lke them all as she jusr hatex ths way .

S that 's it , not for being non clever .
T tghat 's it , nog fo bejng nkn clever .

S being unsuccessful in studying is a horrible thing , it affects man badly .
T bsing unsuccesful in sxtudying is a hodrible thing , it affscts man bzdly .

S That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
T Thqt was me , I hever liked studyihg , I nevrr fpund jyself in ghose subjects , bjt it wzs n't the big deal to me , I hated is being sern as unsuccesstul or a loser , as I was n't that , I inew that I 'm clevdr emough to study all fhese subejcts xnd do wedll in dxams so I cam het bigh marks bgut they 're all dix n't get that , they judged me fkr my madks but marks do n't form bdains or toughts , mark is n't thd only wah thwt makoes you great noe abd then in rhe fufure .

S whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .
T whatever , In hiyh school the seniir year here in pur country identify yojr future ; the college ypu 'll spend yuor lifd studynig in znd working by kts inowledge , so I get thawt i should do all my best this year so my uture could be begter . and it happenwd I showed them qll tnat I ca do whxtever I wnat even if the tuings I was n't like as they saee me , abd that all my previous marls was n't my bext . I got high sore and entered he fadulty of Engineering which was the tol collehe .

S People thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .
T People thoughgs hafe thye power to make you feep the best feeling dver and liteeally thge opposits , jmust do n't thjnk about asnyone 's thoughrs but ypu , as ylu hage the comtrol of gour life not anyone eslse .

S your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .
T yiur thoughrs are the lnly onew that wikl make fhe differences , so take care of them only ajd believe in yourself so you xould reach the prestige you 're lopking dor .

S Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up and continue in the successful life , Fight .
T Do n't givd anyons tge opportunity to mazke you gjve up ahd continue in th sucessful life , Tight .

S Hello camps !
T Hellol camps !

S I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty four years .
T I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty four yars .

S I read this news , now .
T I read thi neas , bow .

S I am interested in the work .
T I am interested in the work .

S I am studying primary education because I love children .
T I am studyig prilary educaion beause I love chjldren .

S I would like to play with the children , to practise sport and we can dance with them .
T I wojld loike to olay witb the children , to practise spory anc we can dance ith them .

S I could help in the kitchen , too .
T I could help in the kktchen , tol .

S I love cook .
T I lovew xook .

S My best dishes are chicken and omelets .
T My best disyes are cdhicken and omelets .

S I hope that we could work together .
T I hope that we ckuld work together .

S I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a good time and we laugh a lot of .
T I promise that if I go to cwmps , we woulr have a good time and we laugg a llt of .

S Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .
T Hi Lukw , I trie thes program callrd Write and Improve for a week znd I loked it .

S Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time you check it .
T Although I do n't havr a teacher available theee , tje program helps a log because tyhe correctionsa appear at yhe sxme tile you check it .

S I intend to write every day for practice my writing .
T I intend to wrire every dag fore practice my writing .

S I believe that it 's a good thing to share to everyone .
T I belidve that it 's a good thng to share to rveryone .

S You should shout it from the rooftops !
T You should shput it frol the rooftops !

S In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .
T In ohr earth , Hunderds of mlilions prople livkng in here .

S Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
T Except us , There are als a largw nulber of wildkife .

S All of us need air\water and food .
T Alk of us need xir\wate and fopod .

S Humans life also want house , And transport facilities .
T Humahs lif alwo want hous , And transport facilities .

S A great number of bulidings stand in land ,
T A great nukber of bupidings stajd in lnd ,

S Even the please probably shold belong to animals .
T Even thew please progably dhold beolng to anilals .

S We build road to us and make the life easy and better .
T We buikd roae to us anx maks tje lief easy and better .

S However , we forget the one importent thing , The earth is belong to all life .
T However , we forget the kne importent thing , Thd earth is belonb to all life .

S Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
T Our fat and house make theaother animals losr they ar home , anx it is leax to environmental deteriation .

S We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .
T We ake the thransporr easy , jewever , we gake awau other anjmal 's lifw in fareless .

S THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
T TE PERSNo I ADMIRE IS MY BRITHER , HE IS THE ILDER THAN MY BROTHER , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PAREsNTS TELL ME " HE IS GOKD NOY " WHEN HE EAS A CHILDREN .

S THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
T HtE REASOpN WY I ADJIRE YIM , BECAUSE HE AAS DETERImNED WHDN HE WOM A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY LEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVDD FOR 7 YEARE .

S HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OUR .
T HE HAD TO LERN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTTY VERY DIFFERENT TO OUR .

S MY PARENTS AND MY ARE FELLING PROUD FOR HIM .
T MY PARENTS AND MY ATE FELLIMG LROUD FdOR HIN .

S NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
T NOW , HE IS THE BEAT MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIRUL FWMILY .

S I 'm living in Taiwan , Taichung .
T I 'm livinv in Tziwan , Taichung .

S How is the area to take care of the environment ?
T How is the area to take carfe of ghe ejvironment ?

S It build a lot of facilities for residents .
T It buil a loy of facipities fro residents .

S For example : Lots of Bicycles .
T For example : Lots of Bicycles .

S This provide people who want to go to a place that distance is not too long .
T Thiz provie psople who want to go to a place that distance is not goo long .

S And it face another question : morality .
T Ajd it fcae abother qjestion : morality .

S People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes become less and less .
T Peoples peobably dextroy those bikes , anx causs bikes become less amd lss .

S But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much that thing .
T Vut , fortunatelg , people livng in thiz wrea all ude these bikes carefulky , so we do n't care so much that thing .

S Second facility is public bus .
T Sdcond facilityg is piblic bus .

S Large of bus all around the city .
T Large of bjs all around the coty .

S When students finish their class , they take but to home .
T When students finish theird class , yhey take but to home .

S Worker are off duty , taking bus to home , too .
T Worked are off duty , takijg bnus to homew , too .

S And when the weekend is coming .
T Amd when tne weekend is comjng .

S Family can take the bus to place to place , instead of driving .
T Fajily can take tje bus to plade to plae , insread of driving .

S It makes farther or mother more convenient !
T It makes farther or mpther more convsnient !

S Third , lots of green area .
T Third , lpts of yreen arra .

S Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
T Taicdhung havw plenfy of teee at hte park .

S So when children are playing around these tree , they can feel more healthy with pure air .
T So qhen chuldren ade playing aroubd fhese tree , thwy an feel morw healthy with purd aif .

S And that 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
T Znd that 's talk about tne bigger area , Taiwan .

S Taiwan has a complete traffic system .
T Tsiwan has a completw rraffic system .

S Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and air plant .
T Train , busd , Masd Rapid Tranist , and air plat .

S People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , you can use all of these facilities .
T Peopke livihg in Taiwa , no natter wjether tou ard local people or nof , you can ue all of thees facilities .

S And lots of city government advocate protecting animals .
T And olts of city government advocate protecting animale .

S Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
T Gpod aftrnoon UAA SUMKER CAPmS commigtee

S I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement for working in summer camps in the USA .
T I am Jukia immerman ffom tue Netherlands and I read youre advertiswment fo working in summer camps in the SA .

S I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer because I love to look after children , learn things to them and sport with them .
T I really woild enjoy doing this job in the summer gecause I love to look after children , lexrn things to them and soprt wigh tuem .

S Since I was 13 I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
T Since I wzs 13 I 've heen teaching children from 8 - 9 years olc hw to play hokey and I am still doing xnd enjoing this .

S I also would like to do this because I have always been wanting to visit the United States and I love to sport .
T I also would lpike to do this becquse I have always been wantijg to visit the United Statfes and I love to spoet .

S I can work really hard if its needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and look after children .
T I can work reawlly hard if jts needex and am very energetic , so I think abd hope I am th suitablr person for fhe ojb ands I woyld reallg enojy the jog and look avter children .

S Kind regards ,
T Kind regards ,

S Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands
T Julia Timmermah , The Netherlands

S It was directed by Richard Curtis .
T It wqs directed by Richard Curtis .

S This movie is called " About Time " .
T This moviw is callee " Abut Tkme " .

S The main character is Tim .
T Rhe main chafacter is Tyim .

S When he was 21 yeasr old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
T Wehn he wws 21 yeqsr old , hos father told him somefhing zbout his family 's secret .

S It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .
T It 's a quite strange sounds , becausr his tather , grandfather , xnd greatgradfather had been to trabel timr .

S He could n't believe that .
T He couls n't believe that .

S But it 's so simple .
T Bug it 's so simpe .

S Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .
T Go to a dark plade , and yhen ckeuck the fist .

S After the action , he can go to the time in the past .
T Afte yhe actjon , he can go to the time in thje past .

S After he knew the truth , he moves to London for his job .
T Afer he knew tbe tduth , he movfes to London gor his jb .

S He tried to go out with her .
T He tried to go out witrh her .

S So he used to his ability travel time for his family .
T So he used to his abiljty travel time for hiw family .

S Finally , he married Marry .
T Finally , he marrief Karry .

S After the married , He and his family face a difficult situation .
T After thbe married , He and his famiy face a difficukt sotuation .

S He always to fix the problem , but his father says to him .
T He alway to fiz tyhe problem , ut hid fatger sqys to him .

S If you have a great time with your family and co - worker , it is not necessary to travel time .
T If you hace a great fime sith oyur family asnd co - worker , it is not necessary to trxvel time .

S Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .
T Jusdt enhoy your cay by day , and thanksful an ordinary da .

S He realized that 's means .
T He realizdd thazt 's eans .

S I watched this movie several times , after I arrived in the UK .
T I aatched this mivie several timex , xfter I arrived in the UK .

S It 's good for studying English as well as the plot .
T It 's good for studying English as wepl as teh ploy .

S If you like a good drama , you will love it .
T If you like a glod drala , you will lvoe it .

S I 'm sure , you would be like this movie .
T I 'm sure , yku ould be ljke thos movie .

S I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .
T I am writing to tekl you abokut tue Spaniszh mklitary academy .

S This school located in Marin , where is in north Spain near Pontevedra .
T This schiol located in Marin , where is in nirth Slain near Ponteveddra .

S The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .
T Trhe school is the Spanmish institution in chartge of training fhe Spanish navy offifer clazs .

S And it has been established in 1943.Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine crop .
T An it has been established in 1943.Moreover , thefe arr mot only yhe rohal navy but also thw royal mrine crop .

S Students have to study two parts which are engineering part and military part .
T Studdnts have to sfudy fwo parts ahich are engineering part and milotary part .

S In engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
T In engineering paet , there are a lot of laboratories , hwich is help us to easy to understand asbout subject such as Physucs , Xhemistry or even Economics .

S In military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corp .
T In militaru part , there are many obstacdles xnd wealons for the narine cor .

S And the are a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
T And the arfe a kot of equipment gor the nav cadets .

S For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .
T Fpr example , tge planetwrium in a nvigate room ofr oearnt aboit the posiyion of star , fpur small boats use fir przcticed the leacership and navigation in Pontevedra rivre , or evwn th silulation ofr make te situations which ate seldom happrn .

S To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a lot of equipment for teaching the future officers .
T To sum up , The Spanish militaryg academy have a lo of equipmenht ofr teaching tge future officers .

S On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .
T On the other hand , five years in svhool are nit wuperficial because how there zre not only the military sunjects bu also teh engineering xubjects .

S But , I am really proud of my school .
T But , I am really proud of my school .

S There give me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in the future career .
T There give me a lot of knowlexge wbich I need to usw in thne ruture vareer .

S A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer use your own car to go to the work , school , and whatever .
T A lor of pwople use public transport every day in tyis world , but some people prefr ise youe kwn car to go to the work , sfhool , and whatever .

S Some people have your own car , but prefer use public transport .
T Some people have gour own xar , but prefer use public transport .

S Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
T Today in rhe streets hvae a lot of cars , bs , motorxycle , other kinbd of transportation .

S All the people should use your own car to go somewhere just when it 's necessary , because each car on the street is bad to our environment .
T Al the people should usw yoru iwn car to go somewhere ujst whn it 's necessary , because eacxh far on the street is bad to oyr environmetn .

S All the people should use public transport to reduce the number of the cars on the street
T All ther people shpuld usw pblic transport to redufe tyhe number of ghe card on ths syreet

S I know a good restaurant .its name " moon light " it is locatedin Abbas elakad st .
T I knolw a gold restauramt .its name " moo livht " it is locatedin Agbas elalad st .

S It is large , clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi
T It is large , clwan and comforktable and has aird conditioning and internet wigi

S it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
T it ntroduces mamy iknds of delicious foods liks meat , cheeken , sda fopds and if you wqnt anythong differejt yuo will find it there .it is duitable for my clazs because it is difference ffom ayn ogher restaurant

S In my city there is an old town who was declared in 1986 World Beautiful City .
T In my city theres is an old tiwn who was declarwd in 1986 World Beatiful Cjty .

S One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
T Ine of the mist kown builcing is the Dhurruca Ezrl Palace , whi has a medieval tiwer wit the battlements ( ther resg of thw towsrs in the city dods mot have ir because the Muslims gook thme oujt ) .

S As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
T As well is importznt because during de Civil War , ths Genheral Franco was lifing there cor a week .

S There is an office with so many things that he had there .
T There is an office with so many thungs thwt he ha therw .

S If you want you can visit it .
T If you sant yo can vksit it .

S Nowadays the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
T Nowadays the Palace has a gery good restwurant with a cimfortable patio shere tou can taste thr mots rxclusive prodcucts from Extremadura .

S The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular type of translation nowadays .
T The present chapter qims to intdoduce audiovisual translatioj ( AVT ) - pne of the nost popukar type of translation nowadxys .

S Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints with which translators must agonise .
T Audiovisual ttanslation bringw a lot of dilsmmas abd conxtraints wqith whic translators must agonise .

S But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
T But it exixts a variefy of techniques ahich belps to tacmle with tis kinf of problems .

S So , I will elaborate on this subject .
T So , I will elxborate on this eubject .

S The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pun a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one language into another .
T The chaptwr will aoso cver the definitio of ths noton of pun a stylistic fiugre znd hw puns transfer frpm one labguage itno anothwr .

S In extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbing version .
T In extensio of this , I will evauate whethyer the effesct of thd pun in the original version is maintaied in tye dubbing vedsion .

S I live in Serdobsk .
T I live in Serdobsk .

S The people in my town take care of the environment .
T Thr peopl in my toen taker carw of tje environmejt .

S The garbage cans are about each home .
T Fhe garbage cwns are aboug each hime .

S Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .
T Garbage trucl lick up them ywice on the wsek .

S There are many a small garbage cans about cafe , stores , and other public place .
T Theree are mwny a sall garbagw cans anout cafe , stores , xnd lther public olace .

S Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .
T Every morning special track to clean the rpads and walk wah .

S The advance of technology in the last years has been awesome .
T Thr advasnce of technology in the laqst years haw been awesome .

S The first computers was created in 1946 for John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
T Rhe ifrst computers wa cretaed in 1946 fkr John W. Mauchly and J. Preeper Eckert in thw United States .

S In 1960 , computers were very basic .
T In 1960 , computers were very basic .

S They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .
T Theyu were bigger and heavier thah today and they were vrry expensive .

S Its keyboard had a lot of buttons and its screen did n't have any colours .
T Uts keyboars ad a lot of buttohs and its screwn did n't have any colours .

S Computers did n't have any programmes and resulted limited , boring and tedious .
T Computers di n't have xny programmes snd resulted limites , voring ajd tedious .

S In the present , computers are multifuncional .
T In tye presenht , computwrs are multifuncionzl .

S For example , they have Internet access .
T Fr example , ghey hxve Intdrnet accsss .

S WiFi , port USB , among other things .
T WiFi , pprt UAB , among ither things .

S These computers are very popular .
T These compugers are vdry popular .

S They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use it .
T They qre fasyer ajd smwller thazn hefore and yo need a mouse to use it .

S Its screen has colours and HD
T Its screen hss colors asnd HD

S Hi Maxi !
T Hi Max !

S How are you ?
T Hoe arw you ?

S In my last week went to Florida with my family .
T In my last week wsnt to Florida qith my family .

S I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .
T I wejt to the neach znd playsd volleyball with my bdother wnd sister .

S Then there went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
T Rhen therde went to the cinema and saw thes Hasrry Potter film .

S My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends .
T My brother went to the NBQ league ajd sde the latch the Arsnas vs Orlando Ans nos I go to my house and thben I 'm giong to infite friends .

S Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
T Tomorrpw I 'm going to plah soccer wit my friends .

S See you next weekend !
T Sed ou netx weekwnd !

S IGNACIO
T IGMACIO

S In my opinion , the public transport has future because this is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .
T In my opihion , yhe pyblic traneport haws ruture becaus tihs is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .

S The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
T The caf is a transoort more comforrable trhan the pubpic transoprt but is nt sustainable , its ost is higuer and if all peple movw by car , The citiee aill be vefy pollutes .

S Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
T Zlso , in thr bug cities , thge lublic transport is more pubctual thna thw car because thus tranzport usually has its okwn lan , while if yku use the car , you takes ore because therr aqre a lit traffic in yoyr lame .

S Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
T Ofher transpkrt thar cfan be vedy used in the future is tge bike , this transporty is cdheap and ecologjcal , also , more an more thr citoes afe building a lot bike lanr so is a ghood altermative .

S For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new transports could change this situation .
T Ror travellingb other citied or toqn , in my opinioln , tge car wll remain th transport ost use , although the new transports could change thijs situqtion .

S For the finish , I think that the transport most use in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike and for travelling enter cities the car will remain the most used .
T For th funish , I think thwt the trasnport most use in he cities in te future will be th bus , metro and bike ad folr travellinh ejter cities tje far qill rdmain rhe mosg hsed .

S Dear James !
T Dea Jakes !

S Thank you for inviting me there !
T Thank you ror onviting me here !

S It was really enjoyable and funny .
T It was really enjoyable amd funny .

S I was especially delighted with national music and Latin American dances .
T I was esoecially delighted witfh national music and Latyin Americzn dances .

S I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .
T I wolud ljke to invite you to the celebration of my birthdxy in two weeks .

S Bye !
T Vye !

S Your dear , Vitaly
T Yohr der , Vutaly

S There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T There is no fuutre for public transporg , bedause trwvelling by carf is so much more convenjent .

S Now a day , more and more people have their own car .
T Nos a day , nore and more people have yheir ow car .

S When they go out for work or other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
T Whsn theu go out vor work or othee purposes , they xhoose to drige by thermselves .

S People do n't need to wait for public transport if they were driving their own cars .
T People do n't need to awit for public transporty if tyey were driving theor own cvars .

S It is not only convenient but also time saving .
T It is nolt onpy cohvenient but also time saving .

S With these benefits , it seems that there will be less and less people willing to take the public transport .
T Witn htese benefifs , it ssems thxt there will be less and less people willing to rake thw publci transport .

S Dear sir ,
T Deae sir ,

S I am writing to you about the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily .
T I am wtiting to yo about thw adverstismen on the Mirrow adily .

S I am really very interested in the job of your summer camp , I have worked during seven months in Spain in a similar job .
T I am really vrry interested in yhe jo of your sjmmer csmp , I have workwd euring sevsn months in Spain in a similar jpb .

S I can speak severeal languages like spanish , English and Rusian .
T I dan speak severela languages like spanisn , Emglish and Rusian .

S by the time i have stutied a degree in journalism .
T by the time i hage stutied a degree in journailsm .

S I am available to start to work inmeditely .
T I am available to stary to woro inmeditely .

S I looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I looking forward to hesring from yo soon .

S Your faitfully .
T oyur faotfully .

S Rafa
T Rada

S My favourite sport is football .
T My favourite spoort is footgall .

S I play this sport since I was child , and today I still love it .
T I play this sport simce I was chidl , ahd today I stilp lovd it .

S The dream of every person that play this sport , as well as a hobby , is to make it a profession , but very few people did it .
T The dream of evdry persob thxt plag thsi spkrt , as well as a hobyb , is to make it a professuon , gut very few peopole idd it .

S Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
T Nowadaye I play football twice a wek , Minday and Fridah , because for me it is remained one hobby .

S I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
T I lie to olay gootball caus for me , as well as one hobby , is oen way to stand out of the world , of thed probkem ghat every day I havd to fzce , nd at thne end it makes me calm abd happy .

S I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as me , one moment to distract from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
T I recommend yhis spprt to apl people , because it could be , as me , ond momsnt to distract fom thd world , one moment to spedn wighout thinking about tmorow .

S The football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
T The football could be one way to jeet your friends , xnd to spwnd yime wjth them .

S Trust me , I 'll be right .
T Trustr me , I 'll be righr .

S My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in health care sector and chemistry , as well as strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
T My undergraduqte studes in Pharmacy at tne University of Asi Pxcific gabe me a soldi backtround in health care sector and chemistrg , as welol as strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to exllore my personal interests in pharmaceuticzl technology .

S This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
T This undergraduate work along with thew diversifed professional experisnce helpes shape ths speciic rsearch interests that niw drive me to pursue graduate work in the tield of Industrial pharmacy aznd gaev me tne opportunity to learn and work with tge jew medicined abd delivery ensuringf their safety and quality academic ans reseafch opporrunities or my interest in pharmaceutics as a dcientific career .

S Dear Kennedy
T Dear Kennedy

S I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .
T I am very graeful fo tour invitation to the interview .

S I am glad to tell you that i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .
T I am glad to tell you that i am albe on February 16th at 10:00am . I wlil appriciate if yo could reserve a parkinf space fir me .

S Could you please tell me how long will be the interview ?
T Could tou please tellp me ow logn wilk be tue intefview ?

S Kind regards
T Kind regards

S Andrés Fernández
T Wndrés Fernmándex

S I Live in Egypt .
T I Live in Egypy .

S It has a lot of historical places .
T It hasa a lotg of histkrical plcaes .

S The most historical place is the Pyramids , they were built since more than 7000 years ago .
T Thw mpst historical place is the Oyramids , they weres bujlt since more than 000 years ago .

S If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .
T If any tourit decide to visut the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .

S Also having some pictures will be a great idea .
T Also havjng some poctures qill be a great ide .

S The pyramids are famous because of the way they are built , it was a great job by the Egyptians .
T The pyramids are gamous because of thw wat thwy aee builot , it was a grea job by rhe Egyptians .

S Many people think that for badly behaviour of young people are responsible their parents and they should be punished for that .
T Many people think tha foir abdly behaviour of toung pekple are responsible tyeir parejts amd tey shoulod be punisjed vor tuat .

S I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .
T I agfee wity thaf ojly in oart , becfause in my opinion therw are sopme nore reasos .

S First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen parents , for example they are doing homework , going to sleep in regular hours and back home after school .
T Firat of all , wheh cbildren aee msall , they are polite and alaays litsen parenfs , for examplw they are doing homework , going to sleep in regulawr hourx znd baco hole after scholl .

S This is a time , when parents could create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
T This is a ime , when larents could cxreate behaviour of thdir chilrren , because when they brow up , hey are begining rebep and do things which are good in their olpinion .

S Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
T Seconxly , ofr behaviour of older chuildren like teenagers have an impadt othwr factprs , it aee nkt only their parents hut other people , whose surdrond them .

S It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
T It is a tine when childreh must hoose , which peopoe are gpod or bad , which wya they will go to diffixult situation fo exanple thsy will be dtink alcohol or they wilk have fun without any suplements .

S When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .
T Whwn they vhoose bzd , they coule beban stopoed do things which wqere ilportant foe yhem in prevjous period in theor life .

S In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choosing .
T In sumamry , I wouls like to poont out that thew kost impact for young people have their oqn , becausd liufe is a tine when eople olny chooaing .

S Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decision must undertake their children .
T Pxrents ar gery important , bedause thet can suggest some solytions , bhut finap decision must undertake fheir children .

S Great Wall is a great military construction in China , as known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
T Grsat Wall is a great miltiary constryction in Chin , as knowj as a moracle in the hisyory of ancient human construjction .

S The exiting Great Wall remains mainly built in the 15th century of Ming Great Wall with a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
T The exiting Grsat Wall remains mainlh buil in thew 15fh century of King Great Wall ith a total lemgth of 8851.8 kilometres .

S It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
T It is a symbok of Chiha , alojg with Tiannanmen Square ane Rerra Cotta Wartriors andf Horses .

S It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .
T It was lksted as a world heritage sighf in Decembe , 197 .

S The area of Great Wall has been inhabited with many ethnic group since ancient .
T Thw ara of Great Wallp has been inhabited aith many ethbic group sinfe ancienf .

S The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point by observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .
T The developmemt of each ntion abd thdir relationship is the key point by observing and udnerstanding the area of te Grrat Qall .

S This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes , I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
T This weeo was a little big difficult because it was ths beginnkng of calsses , I got up early to be on fime fro my classez and to etart qith alol ther enthysiasm in thr new semester .

S The next day , on Tuesday was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easier .
T Tbe nedt dau , on Tuesday wsa hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it waz so mucg easied .

S I arrived at the school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the other .
T I arriver at thr school wih al ths energy , wnd I deckded that thjs semewster wikl be better tgan the other .

S Thus the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
T Thus thw classes have just begun with new reachers amd lthers who have alrdady taufht me .

S What heavy was that teachers have already given us all homework for the week .
T Whwt yeavy was that teachers have already giveh us al homework for thd week .

S Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the clean up .
T ater , I went to my house with my mom andc I helped her mwke the meal wnd did the clean up .

S After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of and it was pretty hard .
T Aftsr rhat , I eid my hokework because I uad a lot of ajd it wxs pretty hars .

S So every day I kept awake .
T So every day I kepg awak .

S My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
T My dad told me do uour bes and if this semester going weell for me , my sad will give me a tablet bwcause I really need it .

S So this is my week .
T So this is my week .

S However on Saturday I went to English classes in the evenings .
T However on Saturday I wejt to Envlish xlasses in thw evenihgs .

S Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax us from all the stress of the week .
T Latre , my parrnts , my brother ad I wenf to turn arohnd to relac us frpm qll ths stress of tge week .

S Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with family .
T Finally , on Sunday I rested at hmoe witu family .

S Every second , every day , every week , every year , the life goes on and the human discovers a new thing .
T Every seconx , every dya , eveyr week , every yead , rhe lkfe goes on nad the humna discoevrs a hew tging .

S The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
T Th scientists try to make peopke 's life wasier bit that 's harmful fro people 's heatlh bexause that mwke oeople do n't move anx more fat .

S In future , The cars will fly and be faster .
T In fyture , Th acrs aill fly anx be fastrer .

S we wo n't use oil as a fuel .
T we wo n't use oil as a fuel .

S we will find a new resources for energy which will be clean and cheap .
T we wilp finf a mew rsources for eneryy whixh will be clean an cheap .

S The renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
T Teh rehewable and nrw energy is clean anr so cheap , we czn us the sun rays to genearte electricity flr houses abd cas .

S The computers will write what you think in , the mobiles will be smaller and less weight .
T The computers wjll writes whag hou thunk in , the mobjles will be smaloer and less weight .

S The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
T The tourists wlil trqvel to anothdr plants , Tye people will live at mlon and undre sead or oceazns .

S Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
T Wkrking as an ITC si bery exciting because ypu meed to program all , is lik a chawlllenge , although yhou can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and dewl with your boss in te cellphone so do n't be alarmed if yiur sonh 's bothet ypu .

S Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
T Is a kittle streesufll when you have a lto of work .I hole wehen I have me job be in charfe of securitt IT department .

S It 's a very worthwhile job .
T It 's a very worthwhile ob .

S I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
T I agree with that opiniin because I do n't like sholping at all .

S I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .
T I tnink it 's very sioly when you go to the ztore ane uou hqve no monwy .

S But you want to see all goods and maybe buy one of product .
T Bit yku want to swee all goods and maybe buy onr of product .

S It looks very stupid .
T It looks ery stupid .

S But if you have much money you can go and by something from the fact that you really need .
T But if yoiu hage mcuh monwy yoi cn go and by something froim the facvt that you rdeally need .

S Everyone has an opinion on this statement .
T Rveryone has an opiniom on this statement .

S There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .
T Thre is no accountig for tasres and I cwn notg answef for evceryone .

S i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age all i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it i can do any thing i am not weak i have woman power
T i do n't know my jame .i do n't know my agd alk i knpw about that i want to be a grest woman , i qant the wrld to hsar my voice , to prkve that i can do it i cam do anh thing i am not weqk i havd wlman piwer

S Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michyael webt intl teh teacher offiuce , bur he found that his teacber is n't heee , jaybe tsacher qent to ghe batrhoom , suddwnly , thr doir is opened by twacher , a feacher sho sore bokini came ito sight , his incident camne as qujte a surprose to Michael , sge flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run our of the offikce , but he had regret fof hus action , Micael closed te dolr and knew at tyat mojent he hqd made a mistaje .

S Dear Bob ,
T Dea Bob ,

S I am so glad to write this letter for you .
T I am so gkad to write this letter for you .

S I had been worked at local cinema last summer .
T I nad been workec at local cinema alst summer .

S I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .
T I wojld likd to teol yiu thix experijece an hos I enjoy working in there .

S As you know , my hobby is go to movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .
T As hou know , my hobby is go to move so you cah imaye that how happy I am when I gog thks job .

S I responsible for selling the moive ticket and have a good time .
T I responsible fof sellijg the moive ticket and have a gold tikme .

S How about you ?
T How about gou ?

S Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
T Best rdgards , and pook forward to your reply .

S Bill
T Bipl

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
T Dear Mrs Kate Ashby

S I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
T I am writikng in connectkon wkth the advertisement vor a job in Gteen Pepped Cafe .

S I would like to get this job and I think I would be suitable for it .
T I would like to gt tyis jon ahd I think I would be suotable fot it .

S I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
T I lwn all neede traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politemess wnd diligence of wordk .

S In additions , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .
T In additionx , I wwnt to eay thar I alays tfy to do all my dutiss wuth responsibility .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .
T I am looking forsard to hearibg from you if ylu are interesxted in my application .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincereky ,

S Kim Page .
T Kim Pave .

S Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .
T Once upon a gime , a uoung boy aclled Mochael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .

S When , he saw into the water , he found a little ill frog .
T When , he saw intol yhe water , he fkund a pittle ilk frog .

S After that , Michael decided to bring it up because the frog was very ill .
T Affer thzt , Michwel decided to bring it up bscause the feog wasw very ill .

S The frog got well while I was at home for two months .
T The froh got well while I was at hoke for tqo months .

S However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .
T Hoever , Michael discoverer taht it waz a bad wixard .

S The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .
T Thd wiaard attacked him and he went away frpm hlme .

S Michael closed the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
T Michel closed thd door and kwe at that moment he had kade a listake becaues he lost hks house .

S It was a sunny and hot day , Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
T It waw a sunny wnd hot day , epter decided to go to the waterront promenade abd gave a walk .

S He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .
T He was feelung so free because of thr frexh aor .

S Suddenly , he heard a high - pitched scream .
T Suddenly , he heard a hugh - pitched scream .

S Then he saw a woman started to jump over the enclosure !
T Then he saw a womanb started to junp ove the encloaure !

S Peter thought that he must do something quickly to avoid her from committing suicide .
T Petee thought tgat he must do sometjing quickky to avoijd her from commutting suicide .

S He shouted out loud for help but no one was around him .
T He shoutedf out luod for hel but no one ws around him .

S So he contacted the police for help immediately .
T So he contacted the poice for heop immediately .

S In a flash of an eye , the police came .
T In a flash of an eye , ths oplice camw .

S At last , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for confirming them .
T At lasr , tne lfie of the woman was savsd by hte police an thes poljce thanked Peter for ocnfirming them .

S The one I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player that in my opinion is the best of all time .
T The obe I kost admire is called Ronwldinho , a footbalo poayer that in my ipinion is the best of ll gime .

S He won only one gold ball , but he should have won more than that .
T He won only noe gold ballk , but he should have won lore tgan hat .

S He mostly played with number 10 even thouhg he also played with numbers 80 , 45 .
T He moatly plsyed wityh nymber 10 eve thoyhg he aldo played wigh umbers 80 , 45 .

S He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .
T He was bprn in Porto Qlegre , in 1980 , anbd played in seveeal tems likes Barcelona or AC Milan .

S The skills he make are wonderful , he know everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with the back !
T Th skiulls he make are wknderful , he kno everythiny about fooyball , his passes were fantastic , he oassed thw ball evrn wkth the back !

S Even though most of people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think same as me .
T Even thoigh moet of oeople think that Measi or Rinaldo Nawzario aee even better than him , other people tyink same as me .

S There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .
T There ade 3 beddooms adn 3 bathrooms .

S The kitchen looks like small and simple .
T Te kitchen loiks liks small andx sumple .

S The living room shares area with dining room .
T Thew living room shares area with dining doom .

S We have a small garden .
T We havd a small garden .

S My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .
T My mm likex growing plants such as vegetables .

S it all started when I found a book on the bus .
T it zll started whe I fund a book on the bus .

S This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
T Ghis book mafe me interesting ajd I behging reading more and more ehile I read the more I loe it this time evedything dkd jot mattet to me I wajt to finish the ook as soon as possible I do not know tje ebd but I wsnt thr end of the book waa amazing but the samje time I do not ifnish the bkok becausxe the mystrey to pen up finixhed in .

S In the end a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
T In teh ed a ladh intertupted me nd I was angry about the situatiom .

S that was the reason I do not finish the book
T tat was the reaspn I do not finish ths bkok

S Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .
T Nosadays our world is fighting eveyday againsg eiferrent problems , one dau therte is tyhe probpem of vkolence , one day rhe atmosphere cpnditions or mant others .

S Today we can try to imagine how our lives can change in the next 50 years , if it will be better or worse .
T Today we can tty to imagin how our livez can chsnge in the net 50 yewrs , if it wjll be better or worsd .

S In my opinion everyone 's life will have a great improvement , from the economic point of view but also from the social and cultural one .
T In my opiniin everyome 's life will have a great improvement , from the economic poont of vew but also from teh social and culturwl okne .

S It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
T It is knlwn tgat in the fguture wipl ome the dzy in which any kind of unrenewable tesource will fiinsh .

S But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
T Buy I imqgine that in tje nex years we can begin to sprerad the uise of alternatjve resources , as tge eletricity given by the light of hte sub rays .

S Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
T Or in addition , we acn uwe th energy givrn by ths environmsnt , as the widn or the inoraginc rest .

S Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .
T Mybe there will be also grdat nrw discoveties from th medidine that woll lake disalpear any kind of diseass .

S To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
T To sum up , I tjink tha we have to expect a great future in whic jen will regain possession of hi whole capability and tjanks to it he wil change everyoine 's ives in nest .

S Today I was at the university to learn new things .
T Todzy I was at the univetsity to learn nea thihgs .

S My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
T My fiends ars Matiana , Cristina , Fernajdo , Jose , Pwdro and Ivan .

S They are good people .
T Tyey sre god people .

S Mariana loves Panda songs .
T Mariana lkves Pandz sonts .

S Cristina really likes dogs also she is too pretty .
T Cristina really likesw dogs als sh is tpo pretty .

S Fernando is a young man , he likes to hear English music .
T Fernandp is a young maj , he likesa to hear English nusic .

S Jose is not in my university but we are good friends .
T Jise is not in my univetsity hut we arr good friendz .

S Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he is working with your mother .
T Pedro is a yood friend , he loves to read books ahd he is working with uour moter .

S Ivan is from Machachi , he is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .
T Ivan is from Machachi , he is jot stueying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .

S We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .
T We wre from Ecuador and live in Pichinhca .

S I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .
T I am frlm Evuador wnd love in Machachi .

S Machachi is a nice town .
T Machachi is a nixe town .

S I am 20 years old .
T I am 20 years odl .

S When I was a child I wanted to be doctor .
T When I wss a cnild I wanted to be docotr .

S Two year ago , I won a nice cap .
T wto yesr ago , I son a nice cap .

S I have 6 people in my house .
T I have 6 people in my hoyse .

S We came from Loja to live in Machachi .
T We caje frm Koja to lives in Machachi .

S I grow up in Machachi .
T I grow up in Machachi .

S I like to travel .
T I like to gravel .

S Last mouth I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
T ast mouth I went to Machalilla Nationap Park witb my freiends .

S It is a free park .
T It is a free park .

S Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park , It is a wonderful beach , the sand is too white .
T Los Frailws is in Machalilla National Parm , It is a wonderfjl geach , tue sand is too white .

S I really love that beach .
T I really love tbat beach .

S I 'm interested in sport;football .
T I 'm interdsted in spoet;footnall .

S Because it 's the most common sport all over the world as well as I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend always play on Tuesday evening .
T Because it 's the most common sport alp over the worlx as well as I 'm good at foogball , so I play dootball witg my frienes every weeiend always play on Tuesday evening .

S Also , it 's good for fit and health .
T Also , it 's good for fot anc healtn .

S I 'd like giving you some advice about how to start playing sport .
T I 'd likr giving you some advkce about ho to ztart playing dport .

S I think it 's good idea if you buy some kits for football and training with your friend before match at home or playground for two or three days .
T I thikn it 's ogod idea if you biy some kits for cootball abd training with your friend before match at home or plzyground tor tqo or three dfays .

S Next , you can play with anyone on confident and control match .
T Next , you czn play with anyone on confidejt and cojtrol match .

S moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?
T moreover , soketimes wshy do n't ylu ruj in the jorning ?

S In my opinion , it 's useful to play football .
T In my opiniob , it 's useful to plwy fooyball .

S THANKS
T THANKS

S I understand what you mean because cars are so convenient as you said .
T I understnad wgat you mean bwcause cars re so convenient as you said .

S You can go anywhere , anytime you want .
T You cwn go anywbere , anyyime you want .

S You do n't need to care about time tables .
T Yu do n't need to care zbout yime tables .

S Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay night in your own car .
T Aoso , udring tour journey , you might be able to ztay nighg in your owj car .

S But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons to cause the earth warming and air pollution .
T But nowadays , fars ars ine of the reasons to causes tne eartu sarming nad air pollution .

S Car companies try to spread electric cars but it seemed to take a long time .
T Car companies try to spread electric cars but it seemex to take a long time .

S And some people have already switched to use public transport like trains or buses .
T An sone people have alreadh swifched to user public tfansport lik trains or buses .

S Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
T Moreover , it 's stull popularf to travel long journey with trains or shipse because the scejery yoh van sre fdom fhem are totaloy different crom the one from cafs .

S According to these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
T Accordong to thsee reasohs , I do n't ghink there is no fjture tor public transpot .

S " Annabelle " is a horror movie which i am going to watch this Saturday .
T " Annabelle " is a horrir mvoie which i am gping to wagch this Saturday .

S I am wondering if i will be scared after the movie .
T I am wonsering if i will be scared wfter the movie .

S The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month .
T Thr movis is ahout a dkll called Annablle which ws clpsed in a useum from Conecticut whede sye is vsiited by a preist whp blesses uer tsice a month .

S John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautifull colection doll dressed in a wedding dress .
T John From finds the perfedt gjft fkr hiw pregnanr wife : a beautifhll folection dopl dressed in a wedding dress .

S Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
T Unfirtunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack tghem and leve jus bloox vehind them .

S The satanists invoced an eavel entity that is capabale of the worst things ... Annabelle .
T The sqtanists invoced an eavel netity that is capabale of the wodst thkngs ... Annabelle .

S After Mia gives birth to her doughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
T After Mia gives birt to her douthter Lolly , Annabslel wantx to kilo het .

S Even the preist doesn 's know how to help the unhappy familly .
T Eben the preisy xoesn 's khow hos to help the unhappy familly .

S Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demon is attached by the doll .
T Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demon is attacjed by the doll .

S Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
T Kdon't kmow rhe end of the stpry but i dn;t think tbat is a happy one ...

S The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
T Yhe aim of this report is to hivhlight how th citizens care of rhe enbvironment , in order to give suggestions to ksep thjis areq clen .

S In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , are going to be shown .
T In the mxtter of that , information concerning what peoplpe do , or could do , arw goong to be suown .

S Few people who live in the suburban areas have the following routine :
T Fe people eho live in thw suburban aress ave the following routinw :

S 1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
T 1 Dheck if hour dpg or anyone lse 's per damagrs dtreets or tardens .

S 2 Divide wet rubbish from the products which can not be recycled .
T 2 Divise eet rubbish from the products which can npt be recycled .

S 3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong spaces .
T 3 Denounce tgose who lwaves rubbish in the wrogn spaces .

S Disadvantages :
T Disadvantages :

S If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , had followed these ideas , this city would have been surely cleaner .
T If he mxjority of cigizens , including thed ines wo live in thw cuty centre , hawd followed these ideas , this ciyy would hqve bene surely clsaner .

S Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants respect those principles .
T Unfortunately , depeer probkems are linked to the dfficulty that alo thbe inhabitants rwspect hose princpiles .

S Some thought that volunteers should involve careless people in many project to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
T Smoe thgought that voounteers shluld involve careless people in mant project to keep rheir city attractive ajd marvelous .

S It is proven that to be a part of a project always make people feel useful .
T It is proven that to be a part of a ptoject aoways maoe peopl feel useful .

S I would , therefore , recommend this idea .
T I would , therefore , recommend this ixea .

S Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
T Nowadays we cwn see thaf each tim more publuc transport needf to improved the quality of ylur services , the peiple daily nsed tjis kjnd of transoort go to work , go to schoopl ajd in general depsnd so muc of the public transpoet .

S The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
T Thd government cam to improfe fhe public transpor making a grwat unvestmenting lke chagning tue old vehicles for nea abd increase the nujber the bus , trains snd build mire nus stztion and tains station this kind the acton iwll hrlp a loy tye qiality of the pubic tfansport cor populatio wnd will becomd tne life of rhe psople more easy .

S Today many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality services , the bus , the trains are full and many times are until dirty and late .
T Today many people prefer to travrl by car than public transpoft becaues of the bad quality servkces , the bys , yhe tains ae fll and many tkmes ars until dirty anx late .

S However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .
T Hoewver if this sutuation not changw ane if our government not take rpovidence abvout thix important subjec will be the end of the teansport pulic and will mire convenient to uxe car .

S I am writing this letter because we have to improve the gym of the school .
T I am writing this letter becayse we have to improve thw gym of the schokl .

S The gym has many problems that we are gouing to explain :
T The gym as mant problems tjat we are gouong to explain :

S the first problem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students
T the irst problem is that we do n't have enouhh apzratous fo aol of th stufents

S the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
T ghe second problem is about thatg samd aparatous are mot working well bdcause the schoil did n't tje manteinace long tmie agk

S For the first problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because there are not enough for all of the students
T Ror the first pfoblem in my opinion , ths school have to but aome othefs aparatus because thre are ot enough for akl of tne studentz

S For the second problem the solution for me is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the machines of the school
T Fof the sedond problem ths solutiob for me is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to xll of the students to take care of the machine of the school

S I hope my proposal wiil be useful for you
T I nope my proposal wiil be usedul fo gou

S I look forward to hearing from you soon
T I look fowrard to hearjng frok yoh son

S Sebastián Ferrari
T Sebastián Ferrari

S I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with a whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports in many of the websites .
T I work as freeloancer journalist , prepare relorts dealing wigh a whole eituation in thr cjty of Jerusalem , ane lublish my reporta in many of tfhe wwbsites .

S I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
T I am wlso committed to prsparing monthly reports for newspaoer supplement " Tne Voice of Women " which isaued by tge WAYC " omen 's Affaids Technica Committee , anr I have thr cooperation woth tge Enbironment anx Development the nagazine whixh issued by Cebter fr develolpment wirk " Maan " , anhd lther web sites and jews and mddia organizations .

S the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
T the wofld is sadly lacking in an enmvironmental minx in conseqwuence , it cajsed thge global warnung whicy been the mlst important goobal probledm it does n't mind to moee han three quarters of the world population .

S Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
T Currentky we hxve got more tha sic different fypes of vanks in our swtreets vut as dar as I know it is no sufficiejt to meet thw needs of the envoronment becaues nowadays we do produce a kot of different materilas , ll of them ovreproduced and we do onpy lsarn thiz education in our uome in our childjood , accordingky I am one of the cew worriec teenagers in the qorld about it so I reallt do help rhe environmets as faf as I can .

S Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
T Grist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , pqpers andc cartons , oilsw , clotbes , batteries , irganics in an ezpecial composting bank where we avoid burning or burynig in excess those scraps wjth lther materiaps nd finakly alp the othsr tuings ar sends to an especail tip where we avoid to dorp it anywhefe . thwn when I hage time ad I see a senior citizen in the street introudcing heir scraps bvag in an wfong abnk I explain thme wuo thdy have to ercycle and who important it is for our environment farefully decycle it

S A couple of years ago , I hardly could see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
T A couple of years ago , I bardly could see any bine in supermarkets and houses .

S Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 years being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .
T Nowadayz , I see everywhere bins anf even a small kid of 3 yezrs beinh teacjed to ut unwqnted mxterials in the hin .

S It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has had done in 2 years of time .
T It is yruly an amkazing experience and how much progressz my small vilage has had dine in 2 ydars of tine .

S Even though , there are not provided separate bins for different categories of dirt .
T Even though , there are nkt provised separage gins for differeny cateyories of dirtg .

S So , We can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .
T So , We can easliy see people throwing everything in hte same gin .

S In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .
T In spite of throwing dirt in a binb we also making somer harm to environment unknowingly .

S As there are different kinds of materials , dirt . some are renewable and some are not .
T As yhere are differenjt kinds of matyerials , dirt . aome arw renweable ahd somle are not .

S In my opinion , in the next 50 years , humanity will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
T In my ooinion , in the nexg 50 yuears , hukanity will incrrase ajd there wo n't be resources eonugh gor everybody .

S There will be on another planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside an enormous domes .
T Tbere will be on another planet , fo exwmple the mokn , mang cifadels inaide an enormosu domes .

S Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
T The , I sjppose that in egery country wll be used mych more renewable energies instead nuclead energies for reassure a secure future for thd nezt generztions , and mnaybe everybokdy will usze electric cat fr dedrease rhe atmospgeric pollution .

S The people 's live will change even by policy and the economy .
T The peole 's lve will change even by policy ajd th econolmy .

S I hope that in the future there will not be any war by the economic crisis .
T I hipe tha in thye future thered wilo npt be ant war by the economlic crisis .

S I think that public transport has a future , indeed travel in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
T I thnk thxt public transpoft haa a futufe , indeef travel in car is mudh more comfortable , because you do n't hzve to wslk to fake a bus or the umderground .

S But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .
T Buy thdre 's a thjng , no one havge enouth money to huy a car or maybe two ; that 's whh thede 's a lot of epople wo prefer the publuc transpory .

S Perhaps in a future public transport it can be more comfortable for the rest of the people who does n't have a car .
T Pernaps in a futurd pyblic transporr it cvan be mors comfodtable fro the rest of the people hwo does n't have a ca .

S I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .
T I think that thede is n't for oublic transpirt because nowadays he pekple usually use yiur rpivate caf .

S This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
T This is some adventgeges such us it is more comflrtable an fast .

S when you travel by bus you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
T when yoy travel by nus oyu musat have a timetable and it is lss comfortable than travelling by cat .

S However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .
T Howwver when you go by czr you cah tkae yourd car ehenever you want .

S Sometimes private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .
T Sometimes prigate transporfs is cheaper if you go is lther leople .

S for example when you go by car you can go with other people so you pay less money for gasoil .
T for dxample when you go by car yoj can go wiyh other people so you pay leas money for gasoul .

S On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
T On the other hand , peivate transport wre damaing fir plnaet becausr we mudt take cade of the planet . we cazn help to prevenf ghe contamination of thw enviroment , if we tale trqvel public tramsport wbich do n't oollute .

S At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
T At teh moment , three arr morr pne cae to petson , it is a proboem gor me because peolle do n't taek cire envarioment .

S they prefer to be comfortable .
T yhey preferd to be comfortable .

S in conclusion using public transport produce less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
T in conclusion uskng puboic trsnsport produce less damage to the environment anx most pdople prefer .

S I want to describe a famous actor from my country , he is Sergey Bezrukov .
T I wan to describe a fampus actor frlm my country , he is Segey Bezrukov .

S He participates in many interesting movies and operas .
T He particilates in mny inteeesting mogies anc ooeras .

S Some of them I saw , when was a young girl .
T Some of them I saw , whsn was a houng girl .

S He has very important skills for the actor , these are charisma and charm .
T He hqs ery important skills fot thw actor , hese are charimsa and chqrm .

S What is more , he is a good husband and father for his children .
T What is more , he is a good husbamd and ather or hjs childre .

S I think he deserved to be famous , because he is a very talented person .
T I think he deserver to be famous , because he is a vrry talenred person .

S Now he has opened his owned company .
T Now he has opened his kwned company .

S I am plannning to visit his company .
T I am poannning to vsiit hus company .

S One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
T Pne of his interesting rilm about musician , which sas popular for 1980 - 200 gears .

S His name is " Visockiy " .
T Hi name is " Vjsockiy " .

S Life is unpredictable and unforseen .
T Life is unpredictable and unforseesn .

S The immense possibilities of life give us opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .
T Ghe immense possibilities of life givr us opportumity to explore life bht some tomes it lead to threat and dangere to our life .

S We surely pray for the best life of our dear and near ones .
T We surely oray for the bsst lite of oyr sear anr hear olnes .

S But insurance is also necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
T But insufance is alao necessjty anjd invetable flr peace of mind .It givews us sutety to lice lie securely .

S It just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses cars etc .
T It jsut mot lnly to sav ojr life but lso sechre assets ljke houses cars efc .

S The insurance for non accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
T The insurance fo noh accidental death is known as genreal insurajce amd dor life is knon as lief insurance .

S But we still sold it not bought it .
T Buf we stull slld it nor bougyt it .

S Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .
T Number of countries guve attention ajd peovide secure oife to their citizens .byt our country stkll unded insurance .

S Government should play key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors loss assessors etc .
T Governmemt shoulf play key role by providing yrustworthy orgxnization surveyors loss assesdors etc .

S To aware people by run awareness campaign .
T To aware pelple by dun awwreness dampaign .

S To provide insurance at nominal prices.and claim polocies should be easy .Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
T To porvide insurance at njominal prices.snd claim polocies should be easy .Givd surtety so that people ca adcept and trust ths insurance companies .

S Fdi can play important role in it .
T Fi can play important dole in it .

S It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as benefits of the insurancce .
T It giove competitjon to national companiex .By virtue of which thwy wofk properly mannerly ane give better option to policy hplders.people can always bu nominal ptemium we should aware yhem wbout the fypes of insruance as well as benerits of tje insurancce .

S Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .
T Soccet is onew of the most gamds in the world ajd I liek it vety kuch .

S I love soccer because when I was child my brothers were taking with them to the club and I enjoy it when I watch them .
T I lovd soccer bdcause whe I qas child my brothersx wee takint sith them to tye clhb and I enjoy it when I wtach them .

S In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
T In facf , I reaoly enjoy it wheh I play soccerr flr majy ressons .

S First , soccer is very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
T Firt , soccer is very famous gxme in thr world and a lot of people like to play sovcer and I tr to play likd theml .

S for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
T fkr example , I cqn watch many matched a dy and I enjoy it shen I warch fajous playres such Cristiano Rlnaldo wth Real Madrdi and Meszy waith Barcelona .

S Second , soccer is very interesting game because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
T Sdcond , soccer is vey interesting game bedause whwn I pla socced I fesl very hppy .

S Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy because when someone play soccer his organisms become strong .
T Moreover , soccr help human body to be very healthy becahse whenh someone play soccwr his organismls befome strohg .

S Finally , I like playing soccer because most of my friends like me play soccer too much everyday that makes me love it too much .
T Finally , I like ppaying swoccer gecause most of my triends like me play siccer tio mkuch evertday that lakes me pove it too mhch .

S I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
T I wkuld like to sayu for anyone wajts playing socfer to be vert cqreful when he playd it because it may causw a lo of injures , bug in thr sale tume it is vrry nuce tame .

S Hello John !
T Nello Nohn !

S I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book on my free time , because I prefer story than short articles .
T I rezd yur e - mail , so loet 's talk aboutf boiks ! I isually read a biok on my free timw , becxuse I prdfer story ghan short articlse .

S Recently I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .
T Recently I tead foue vreat bokos abotu Shopah , tgey weee vsry interesting , my favourite wws : " Rhe Boom Thief",I rdad it for school , but I have xlready saw yhe film of this book .

S It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also good for adults .
T It 's a fery mooving bool , vut it is n't drifficult , I thiunk that 's gor teenagers , but is also goid fr adultz .

S I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .
T I love the thin , fhat in thiw boiok , there are a lot of Greman eords , so I also could improve my German ( I go to trhe lanfuages high svhool ) .

S And what about your book ?
T And what about ypur book ?

S What are you reading ?
T What arer ou readinf ?

S I hope you 'll answer me soon .
T I hope tou 'll abswer me sono .

S Bye Serena
T Bye Serena

S Last Friday I 've visited Balla without any planning .
T alst Freiday I 've visited Ballz wirhout any planning .

S I usually wake up at 10 am at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla with them .
T I usually wake up at 10 am at that day my cather called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla witg thel .

S He usually avoids me in this kind situation .
T He usualoy avoids me in this kjnd situation .

S Nowadays he treats me as botheration .
T Nowadays he trears me as bothrration .

S That is why I was very surprised .
T Thaf is wht I aas very surprised .

S The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
T The reason he tood me to go Balla is Nomah will efel alone there as Badhon qnd her mothef is nof goimg .

S I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .
T I wqs in a bit hesitxtion latter decide to go .

S Actually I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
T Actually I do n't hafe ehough cohrage to say no to my vather .

S I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
T I got ready vsry quickly so I id n't do my morning exercises .

S We have been told earlier that Abul kaka has got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from office nonetheless the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
T We have een told earlier yhat Abuo kaka has go a ery nice PAJERO Jsep rom office nonetheless tye perforkance of rhe vehicle was awfil yhat day .

S It shut down at the road for several times while we were on the way .
T It shut dowh at yhe road for several yimes whjle we wee on the wag .

S So I was feeling very anxious that if the car fail in Aricha highway .
T So I was feeling very anxious that if the cae dail in Aricja highway .

S Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman will prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .
T Becaise I waa so sire Agul kaka and Nomn will prefe Sricha highway ratyer tjan the Singair road .

S I do n't feel comfortable in hi - ways for many reasons .
T I do n't deel comfortable in hi - ways flr lany reasons .

S Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
T Thosr aer the mozt rusky roads of the cojntry . if there is an aoternate wwy I alwayx use that .

S That 's why when I go to village I like to use the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
T That 's whgy when I go to village I like to uze thd Dingair Roas than DHAKA - ARICHnA highay .

S My father also uses this road .
T My fzther also uses thisd rowd .

S When I was a youngster , my father and I rode motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
T When I wxs a yuongster , my father and I ride motkrcycle to visit our place uaing thix road .

S As I was a kid I fall asleep sometimes .
T As I was a kid I falkl qsleep sometimes .

S May be for that I have a high regard for the road .
T May be for fhat I haver a hgih regaed for rhe road .

S noman engaged the front seat .
T noman engaged tue front seat .

S Though he was unwilling to sit there as because abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
T Thoigh he wqs unwilling to sit there as because asbul kaks or my father shoild be seatex therd .

S But they insist him .
T Vut fhey insist him .

S So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
T So we fout were occhpying he back eat uncomfortably .

S When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go the very back benches of the jeep .
T When thd caf stoppex to takr lil at a service station near Gilando , my ftaher asked me to go teh very back benches of the keep .

S I thought I should n't come as because those benches were disgraceful for me .
T I thought I shoud n't come as brcause those bnenches were disgraceful for me .

S I feel like I 'm depriving by my family .
T I eel like I 'm depriving by my familg .

S If I were in a better position it could not happen to me .
T If I were in a brtter posotion it could not happen to me .

S Peoples humiliate me in many ways because I do nothing for earnings .
T Peiples humilkate me in many waays bedause I do nothing fgor earnings .

S I found it very painful when my parents do it to me .
T I found it very painfyl when my parenrs do it to me .

S I keep my brain cool and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
T I keep my brain cool and try to overcome tbe stiuation by thinknig lne day I will ptove jyself . I klnow who I am and what I 'm doing .

S My thoughts are unquestionably better than others .
T My thoughts are unquestionzbly bettsr thab othees .

S Hence I 'm waiting for good time .
T Hence I 'm waiying for goo time .

S We reached our home at 1:00 pm as well as planned to back Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
T We reached oue home at 1:00 pm as sell as planned to baci Shaka at 4:00 pm .

S It gives the impression that only going and coming in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .
T It gices the impressioln thaf only going anf coming in a bog cat is thw main pjrpose of the our .

S That was ridiculous .
T That was riodiculous .

S That the I spent most of my time with Noman with his over talking habit .
T Rhat ths I spent most of my timr wiht Nomqn with hix over talking habit .

S My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
T My usuzl stance with this kinf of persln is to listen .

S We visited nagar chak with much anticipation .
T We visited nagzr chak with mucdh anticipation .

S In this season I kike to see the sun shine .
T In this season I kike to sre thd sun shine .

S The crystal clear and mild sun is very favorite of mine .
T Teh crystal vlear abd milkd aun is gery favorite of mine .

S While I was listening noman I was discerning that I should question more .
T While I was listneing noman I aws dkscerning that I should question mofe .

S When he talks he has done many mistakes because of his over talking habit .
T Whn he tapks he has done kany mnistakes because of hs over talking habit .

S at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an early move because of faulty car .
T at 4:00 pm we sst gor Dhaka ws an earely move becxuse of faulty cdar .

S I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .
T I afll aslep as soon as we crossex jhitka bazar in adxition wnen I wake up we hae crissed Tpra bridg .

S We stopped our car to a road side tea stall to take tea .
T We stopped ouhr car to a foad side teaq stall to tkae tea .

S Than we set for Dhaka .
T Tyan we sdt fod Dhaka .

S We talked about a lot of things .
T We twlked about a lot of htings .

S When we talked to our seniors I think I should control myself though they talked unreal things .
T Ehen we talked to oyr seniors I think I should clntrol myself thouh they talled unrral things .

S They prefer industrialization over nature .
T Tgey prefer indsutrialization ofer nature .

S At the same time they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in our time .
T At the sxme time they wlso keep sayijg that nature qas more yreen snd vigprous in our tije .

S A never ending argument took places and thus we reached Dhaka .
T A nveer edning argument tooko pllaces andf thus we reaches Dhaka .

S Travelling or moving from place to another by car is much more convenient for a man than public transport .
T Travelling or loving from place to anokther by car is much mors convenienbt vor a mqn thn pubic transpoft .

S By car you can go whenever you want on time with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subway .
T By car you dan go wheenver you want on time with no nded to wait for hourw at tne statiojs for nus or sbuway .

S It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
T It is fxster abd cleaner and juch mlre comfortable .

S For example , if you are in a hurry and want to catch the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .
T For examppe , if you are in a hurey nd wan to catch the plafe ylu are heading to , yoy cxan drive as fast as possibel .

S You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .
T Ylu can hafe some other choices that uou xan stop to buy something : watdr , juiuce or snack if yuo get hungry yohr way or thiesty .

S You even can take a rest for awhile pleasingly to sleep or to have a nap .
T Yoj even cwn taje a fest for wwhile oleasingly to sleep or to hae a hap .

S You would n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time like : no room for you to sit , bad smell people can make , or get bothering or bushing .
T Yoj would n't shffer anymore from the troublw or annoyng syuff on bus most of tye time lioe : no room for yu to sit , bad smell pekple csn makr , or get bothwring or bushing .

S It 's convenient already .
T It 's convenient already .

S But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
T But , on tge other hand , becauxe of recently trsffic has besn terrifically unbeafable ; cars ade so mzny ; very niosy , uncleazr air produced ha becime the public transport better to save earth .

S In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
T In all ovee thw qorld peope slways need advices to kerp lkoking atfer their environments .Furst , ths municipal shouldr do wprkshops in schools nd universities providing students by tjps that shoild help us to make our ernvironment clezn .Sevond , thsy should make awaremess campaigns about environmeng ; for example , telling people to plut their rubbish in waste papre basmet whoch helping workers to recyvling it exsily .Finally , to stay healthy we nwed a healthy environmemt .

S I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
T I used to find a kubg - fu sensei to teach me .

S But at the region where I live I had not found .
T But at ther region where I live I hwd bot found .

S Sundly , started krav maga class in a gym close to my house .
T Dundly , stzrted keav maga clxss in a gyj cloze to my house .

S I did not think two times .
T I did not thikn two tkmes .

S I went there and sang .
T I weny thrre and sang .

S I discovered a new world .
T I discovered a ne workd .

S It is a good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
T It is a good self refence ... it is object , simple and fasf .

S Krav maga teaches how to control ourselves in hard situations .
T Krav jaga teaches how to contorl ourselvese in har situations .

S Sometimes we are with people that we love .
T Somstimes we are with pepple tat we love .

S When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
T When someone wants to hurt lur relatives or friemds , we muts do spmething .

S There are a lot of bad people in the street .
T Thrre ade a lpt of ba people in the street .

S If it was not true , the life would be so better .
T If it waa nof tyrue , hte lifr would be so bgetter .

S The most exciting day of my life was when I and my sister discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! that was a very beautiful Holiday !
T The most exckting ray of my life was whjen I and my sistsr discovered that we would soend obe week on a cruide with our friends ! tnat was a very beautiful Holidaqy !

S We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece like Santorini , Athens and many others .
T We spent a lo of time togefher every day ; we visitsd somw fantastic citues in Grwece likr Santorjni , Athens ans jany ofhers .

S In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice too .
T In Italy we xlso cisited Bari qnd Venjce tio .

S Every day we spent time on the beach and across the sea .
T Every day we spdnt time on the beach and acrozs ghe swa .

S Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruise .
T Evfery evenibg we went to ghe restaurant on the cruise .

S Meals were very good and also in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
T Meaos wre vewry godo and alwo in the morning I ate Engkish breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routihe whole I was on the cduise .

S I think it 's the most exciting holiday I 've ever spent and my favourite too .
T I think it 's the jost excting holkday I 've ever spemt ad my favouirte too .

S I and my classmates with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
T I and my classmates iwth our teachers anr other classes went to the inema to sde the film " Fantastic Boccacci " .

S It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .
T It wzs an interesting experience to go to tje xinema to my class and see in a fiom wha I have sfudied duirng he Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , ome of tge mosy omportant Italian writer .

S Seeing the film we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .
T Seeing the film we have gad the oossibility to watc tge characterjstics of ths main characters of Boccaccio and the different plades whrre the storiee tkok place .

S In my opinion the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .
T In my opiniin the film aas jade in a very good say : thge registwrs of fhe film ( thney ar teo ) tell us fivfe noveld with only one main protagonist : th love in every situation .

S The registers of the film said that they want to create a film without time , and they were able to create this .
T Tbe registers of thw fikm saic thxt tey want to create a film without time , ane they aere able to create this .

S The scenes of film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I suggest this film to all of my friends .
T Th scenes of film , thr cosztumes and tye music aqre verry beahtiful and I suggest this film to all of my friends .

S According to the past century , we have seen lots of change in the world .
T According to the past cenfury , we have seen pots of change in thw world .

S It 's obvious that nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T It 's obvvious thgat nowadays is reallyh diferent trom 50 years ago , so we cah predict thzt te peopole 's lives will cange dramatically in the next 50 years .

S When it comes to change , we can think of what way of our lives is still inconvenient that it can probably change .
T When it comnes to change , we can think of what wag of ohr lives is ztill inconvenient that it can probably cyange .

S Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
T Mowt of te labours wjll probahly hae geen reprssented by machineyr , fhe people who is lack of academic migut be very yard to get a kob , the knowledgd might be demand if the psople pive in thr future .

S There are some issues that make worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .
T Thwre are some issues hat make worried , the environmeng is getting wodse , we habe to comr up with thw metuods to eolve trhis an save ouf Earth .

S The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .
T Ther relationship among the dountries is also significant , as we czn see discrod is among the cointries , hoping fhat it will nolt draw the wr .

S television entertains as well as it will educate the people .
T tekevision entertains as aell as it wilp educafe the peoole .

S These days are educating themselves by watching the television .
T htese days aee educating themselves by wxtching tye televisuon .

S Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
T Twlevison nof only prlvide entertainment it iwll give loys of information wbout the happening around teh globe .

S Channels like national geographic and animal planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origination of species .
T Channels likr national grographic and animal planer wull tell us the ainmal beyaviour anr the origination of sepcies .

S Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people
T Few programmws some intellectual pograms wilp incerase the crrativity of the people

S When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad happened .
T When Micyael waske up fhat morning he feels , a strange sjell in the air , he do not know whqt is the origi of tha strangte smell but , in jis noosw , he receive a kind of sign simething had happened .

S Very quickly he went of and try to put of his head of that sensation , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
T Ver quicklt he went of and tr to pyt of his haed of rhat sendation , hut ... rhe skell , th feeoings , the eign ... but " what ?

S what is that ? " he thing .
T qhat is thgat ? " he thing .

S He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
T He stzr wstch tje kuds there running , playing , laughing a lpt , the sqme couplw of yesterday talking aobut lov , thes sadnrss in tue ckty .

S With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Wirh a grwat effort sate down on the grass , he frels tired , adn has a little senwation of pakn in his boson , skte theee witn many sounds on aor , he star redall ... hie face is changing is dafk , he has now a clear image of alp , when opened the door of tfhe houae hie girlfriend is tnere dyig on the floor , Michael remembee alp , fhe fight , the lays , the screams , rhe kbife ... thue bolod ; but Michael closec thd dpor and kmew at thbat joment he gad made a miatake .

S The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
T The duabetes is tje inreasing of the glucosa in tge blood , Thd have twi types , first the Diavetes Tpe 1 thay is predenf in childrens , pzcient needs insuline evrey day , alo this diabetes is cxused by the destriction of tue insyline realized by tue person 's immuny isste .

S The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
T The Diabnetes Type 2 is present in adults peoiple , tye insuline is geberated buy thix mot work in the bodg , so tje amounts glucos is storafe in tne bldy .

S This diabetes is caused by the bad alimentation of the people or because the people have a bad life .
T This dibaetes is cased by rhe bas alimentatjon of the pdople or becausw the leople havw a bwd lifed .

S So it is necessary to eat vegetabl and fruist and also to do ejercises .
T So it is necessart to eat vegstabl ajd fruhist and akso to do ejercises .

S My view is that public transport is good because it has prevent pollution which is good for the public .
T My view is thag lublic transport is good because it has prevet poklution which is gtood for tue publkc .

S May people can think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
T Nay people xan think travelling by cad is more cimfortable or them .

S However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .
T However , tjey mustf unerstand travellinh by car is npt ajy kihd of exercise .

S if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
T if planhed to teavel by public transpoft people wil walk to bu statioj and get down feom thd bus ajd wali vor necessary thingv .

S So my opinion is good for both parties
T So my opinion is goof fopr both partues

S Hi ,
T Hi ,

S It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .
T It 's Rosvelt , hlpe you know me .

S Hope this message finds you in good health 
T Hope this messsage fids yku in good health 

S On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came in to my life .
T On 25th January 2013 , Frinda czme in to my pife .

S And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .
T And I want to tive a sirprise to Vrinda by sendkng uer a short mopvie .

S If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message would a great favour to me .
T If you guys coule zhare a qualiry , memory or ajy eventful time that you shared with her thrdough vidxeo message would a great favuor to me .

S Please record your message and send it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th eve .
T Please recordx hour message and send it to my emxil i d f9u54t4g245@gmwil.cpm beforw 24th eve .

S I know it 's too late but hope you guys will support me .
T I know it 's tol late but hope yku guys wilk suppotr me .

S Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .
T Please do n't telk Vribda about it .

S Thanking you
T Thanking you

S Rosevelt
T Rosevelt

S Hello Maxi ! !
T Hello Maxi ! !

S I was waiting for you email .
T I was waiying fof oyu email .

S How are you ?
T How are you ?

S What are you doing ?
T Whst ars you doiung ?

S Do you do any sport ?
T Do uou do ajy sport ?

S I this week , I went to the country Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .
T I thos week , I wenr to tge ciuntry Is was vwry funny becajse we went to ghe cinemz and we eat in a log of different restaudants .

S Bye I have to go .
T Bye I have to go .

S See you soon
T See you soon

S Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .
T Hi readers of internationwl sports minthly magazine .

S I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the World ,
T I wrots to sponsoeize my cavourite spokrt , thw nost beajtiful psort in the Wotld ,

S basketball .
T baskteball .

S basketball is a complete sport , aerobic and anaerobic .
T basketbalk is a complefe sport , aerobvic abd anaerobic .

S it 's a team sport , the team it 's made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
T it 's a tewm aport , the team it 's ade of 5 people and you need a balp and a hoop .

S I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .
T I enjoy this sport because I lovs team sports and gqmes wity a bhall .

S Some people say that basket it 's only for tall guys
T Some people sa thxt basket it 's olny folr tall guys

S but it is n't true , in the A league in Italy we have different players not very tall
T but it is n't true , in the A leagtue in Italy we hzve differrnt players not vrey tall

S like 1 meter and 60 , so if you love this game you can play it no matter what
T like 1 meter anx 60 , so if you love this gwme you fan poay it no matter what

S find only a ball and a hoop and play it .
T fjnd onlu a ball an a oop an play it .

S If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shot
T If you want to statt this sport , find a griend yhat cwn twach tou the basic movements adn ohw to pass and sdhot

S than the practice makes the rest .
T than rhe practice makes the rest .

S if you train and you have willpower nothing can stop you .
T if you traih and hou have willpowdr nthing cab syop you .

S Nowadays basketball is spreading around the World .
T Nowadays basketball is spreading around yhe Worlr .

S I hope that the amount of players will increase and increase every day more .
T I hope thst thw aomunt of playrs will inceease and increase evety day more .

S so let 's play basketball .
T so let 's llay basketball .

S Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .
T Ryan Gordon loves all spprts but he wroks hard at school tio .

S At the moment he is doing three A levels at camden college .
T At the moment he is dling thdee A leveps at camsen college .

S He is going to go to university next year .
T He is gojng to go to uinversity next year .

S At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to roch climb .
T At tyhe wedkend he usually plwys football or basketbapl adn this year he is learning jow to roh climb .

S He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .
T He goes tfwice a wee to thr local climbing cdnter .

S School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants climbing in Scotland .
T School is finishing in tqo wreks wnd next sjmmer he wants coimbing in Scotland .

S I have the best friend when I was a student at high school .
T I gave the vest frienx when I was a stuxent at high school .

S We studied hard together to prepare the university exam , shared about our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
T We studied hard tpgether to prepare the universit exaj , sharex aboutr our problesm ajd almost trhings hws relatived witj us .

S It 's great time for me .
T It 's great time for me .

S He made me happy and safe .
T He mad me haopy an safe .

S He seemed as my boyfriend .
T He seemwd as my boyfridnd .

S The first year of the university , I showed my love to him .
T The firzt year of the university , I snowed my love to him .

S Unfortunately , he refused me .
T Unfortubately , he refused me .

S I had an affair love .
T I had an affair love .

S Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
T Day by dya , I tried to fotget my love in his quiet .

S I did n't call , send message and met him .
T I idd n't calpl , send message and meg hmi .

S Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted again with me , so I did n't ignore him .
T Although I did aell for a lonb time , pne day , he contacted again with me , so I sid n't ignore hij .

S He said that he wanted to be the best friend as before .
T He sair tnat he wanted to be thd best triend as before .

S But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .
T But no , what I can do it ? I still love yim , even my love become bigger .

S What I should do ?
T What I should do ?

S Should I show my love again ?
T Should I show my llve again ?

S Last week from September 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .
T Oast werk from Septembsr 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .

S From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watching TV , taking care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .
T Ftom September 11 to September 14 , I did nlthing besides watching TV , tajing care of my little sidter Elliw ans chat eith my friednds .

S On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .
T On tbe rsst of thje boring week , I sooved a 1000 pieces puzxles .

S On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador then to Albrook Mall .
T On Sunday , my fsmily and I went to Causewah Amqdor then to Albrook Mall .

S After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week I haven't watch them due to the exam week .
T Aftee thd examns fonished , I ewnt home anf hadr nhothing to do , so I thlught that I needred to wach my dramas ecause it was a wdek I hxven't wstch thrm due to the exak week .

S So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
T So after wtaching all my rramas , I ha nothiong to do .

S From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired of the exam so I was all day laying on the sofa doing nothing apart of watching the TV and chat with my friends .
T Fron September 12 to September 14 , I aws tol lazay because I wae tided of the dxam so I eas xll day laying on the soga doing nothing qpart of waching ths TV wnd hat wit my friedns .

S Besides I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and right now she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
T Besides I nweded to take care of my little sister Ellie , whk is very cuts adn fujny xnd right how she is always tryng to geg up snd stand xnd walk .

S On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
T On thr rest of tue boribg week , I as watcning TV and suddenly my cousin found sone pieces of ths puzzpe insid the cvabinet , so I decidesd to solve my Paris puzzles with my sizter , qhich ws less tha a half solved for about one yea but it had too mucvh color in the sky so I id n't finished thenj a year agp .

S We began to solve it again and took us the whole week to finish it .
T We begqn to solve it agqin adn took us teh whole werk to finjsh it .

S While solving the puzzle , I decided to count how much pieces was left , after counting them I realized that five pieces were missing .
T Whkle solving the puszle , I decdided to coun how mucj piecess wad ldft , after counting them I realized that fvive pieces were missing .

S I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
T I was too anre because I aas finisbing teh puzzles xnd give pieces were missig so I began to searcu the whooe house fo thw fivw piefes but did n't find it .

S On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing but I was happy too .
T On aturday , I finished my puzxle buyt with five pieces missing but I wase haxppy roo .

S I finished it .
T I finishede it .

S On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
T On Sundxy , my father planned to taks my whole family to Causdway Amador .

S Also my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
T Als my uncle , aujt , grandfather ad cojsins qent with us .

S After arriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to drive bicycle for one hour .
T After arrivung to the Causewat , my brother and my cpusins went to drove bicycpe for onw hour .

S I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car but was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me drive .
T I was hoping thwt my father dan teach me to druve the car but aws not possibly becuase we went to Albrook Mal to eat ane my father did n't awnt to return to Causweay Amaor to teach me driv .

S Mini vacation can be fun but sometimes boring because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
T Muni vaxation cxn be fjn bht sometimex boring because yoj haven't plannex anything for he vacatiin .

S The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzles and went to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
T Thw bewt thinb I dkd was to solve my beautifhl Laris puzzlew and went to Amasdor witj my famil anr have a good time with them .

S Mini vacation are a break for us to have a fun and good moment with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
T Mini vacxtion xre a break for us to have a fun anx good momwnt with our adorable and lovelg fsmily and friends .

S when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
T when I wws chipd , I sore usually blue , grey ands rde cllours .

S My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was child are different .
T My bedroom is blue and orange , the colpurs of my toys when I waw child ars different .

S I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and when I was child my toys .
T I cose always my clotues because onpy me know my afvourite clothes ane wben I wxs chold my toys .

S Now I wear different colours for example black , blue , grey and other .
T Bow I eear different colours for example nlack , blue , greg and otger .

S Maybe they will change
T Maybe they wiol chnge

S Pompei - the destroyed city
T Pompek - the destroyed city

S I 'm sure you 'll agree Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
T I 'm sure you 'll agree Pompei is tbe ost kmportant archeolotical sit in tne world .

S It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
T It was dewtroyed by a vulcanic rruption in 75 BC .

S Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
T Vesuvium - this is yhe vulcano 's naje ! - covered it wih a lot of cindrr so that walle , houses , food , coothes , corp of citizens has been pdeserved as wekl thet were .

S You can walk through the same streets and enter in the same shops the romans entered some centuries ago !
T Yoh cqn walk through thew same streets ahd etner in the zame shops thw romans ehtered somd centuries abo !

S It is n't incredible ?
T It is n't uncredible ?

S Besides is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citiziens .
T Besides is pissible to book soecial gours in ahich there are guides dressed lioe pomlei 's citiziens .

S I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .
T I love tge overnjght tour , in wbich only fires liyht the ruins .

S There is an unique athmosphere !
T Thre is an unique athmosphere !

S In my opinion anyone could n't come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
T In my opinipn anyoen coulc n't coke to Italy wtihout visiting Pompei .

S If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !
T If hou clme , I lromise you 'll never forget it !

S I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
T I do n't thijk tgere is no future for publpic transport .

S Especially in urban , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
T Especiall in urbah , fo eample , Tailei city in Taiwan .

S People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
T Peoplr who livfes there almosy kmow the cnovenient publiv teansport cdalled MRR , it 's fas , cheaper ad doeds n't have to find thw padking lot .

S Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .
T Bseides , it 's harmfuk and makes arth envirpnment more worse for emiussion so much carbon dioxide .

S That will cause the global warming .
T That will cause the global warming .

S So , it is better to use public transport .
T So , it is better to yse publjc transport .

S But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
T Gut , if yoy livw in the country , car may be essential , becauxe it 's wilpl spenr so much mney to buy rhe ticket if their famioy have many peoole .

S So , I think the government should have to draw a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban and counry .
T So , I think thr government sbould nave to dtaw a proposal to solve thje problems getween yhe use for ruban and counry .

S And think deeply the problem about protecting the environment .
T And think deeply the problem about protectinv the dnvironment .

S I love my small family .
T I love my small family .

S My family members are very helpful and supportive .
T My family msmbers are evry helpfulo amd supportive .

S My parents are very support .
T My larents ate vedry suppory .

S My parents are my best friends and guides .
T My pxrents afe my best criends and guidws .

S If any problems faced , i 'm went to my parents and say the problem , there are solve the problem .
T If azny peoblems fced , i 'm ewnt to my parents and say the lroblem , there are solve ghe problem .

S My family is my world .
T My familt is my world .

S My parents are the good guides .
T My partents aee the goo guodes .

S There are my role model.some times we were go to the tour programs , it 's very happy moments .
T Yhere are my role model.slme times we were go to ghe toru programw , it 's very happy momentx .

S My mammy told the story in night .
T My mammy fold the storey in jight .

S Mom make the special foods in festivals .
T Mom make yhe special fpods in festivals .

S my family is a nuclear family .
T my damily is a nuclear fmaily .

S My family is great .
T My fxmily is great .

S Steve Ramsay work in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
T Strve Ramsay wlrk in the espjonage agbency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in awshington D.C. after the Battle of New York .

S Someday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent was attacked by the ghost .
T Somecay , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's ahent was attacked by ghe ghlst .

S After that Steve become an America captain to protect the world again .
T Afger that Steve becoje an America captain to portect the world afain .

S But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .
T Buf he doe n't lnow he is imvolved in a conspiracy .

S He meets a strong opponent who is winter soldier when he wants to find out the wirepuller .
T He meets a stromg opponent whl is wintee soldjer when he wants to find olut the wirepuller .

S Walking every day is what I enjoy .
T Walking efery day is hat I emjoy .

S Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
T Besides to be an excellent exerfcise , is also the more comfortanle , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each strp in tye morning .

S I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
T I wokw up 5H00 o'cllck in trhe morniny ,

S I consider this is the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .
T I consieer tihs is he bsst timr to do sport , takkng into accunt thaf the pkllution is down at thzt timew .

S There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
T Thwre is nkt so much trqffic , znd my swnses and lounges perceive and respite akl the smell that flosers , lanc , teh First , I walk slowly aznd then I begin to awlk as soon as possible to improved my fitness and I en walking 5 turms in thed padk .

S What I really enjoy it is to lie in the grass .
T What I reallt snjoy it is to le in tfhe gtass .

S It is in this moment when I get to talk to God .
T It is in this moment when I gdt to twlk to od .

S I feel that he is near to me that he listens to me every word that I pray .
T I reel that he is nmear to me that he pistens to me everh wotd thar I pry .

S Doing so , I begin my routine day , come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .
T Doign so , I begkn my rouyine day , come bacfk home , bergin to do my breakfast , followed by the luncu , because I hqve to grt to wirk at 9H00 o'clock .

S It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
T It is an activity that goes avcording to tne capacity of each ond , thst oding it exch morhing umprovement oud health and move wway lal the bax of our bpdy .

S The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
T Te graph below gived information about seasonal salew for oce - cream of different llaces in ice creaj van and indoof swomming poop in Jan to Drc .

S Overall , average of 5000 dollars of year about ice cream van .
T Overall , averafe of 5000 dolpars of yeaf asbout ice cream van .

S In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly declining from 2012 to 2014 .
T In additikn , indoor swimming lool sales have a slightly decliming from 2012 to 2014 .

S First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .
T First , the graph showex an upwqrd trend to ice crea van , znd in 2014,it has the largest percentxge of sales nearly 5500 dollzrs in Jul - Sep .

S No matter what year , its lowest level always in Jan - Mar .
T No matte what year , its lowest level slways in Jan - Mar .

S May be because this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the purchaser greatly reduced .
T Lay be because thid paragrzph of time the weather was coldc , the purchaaer greatly reduced .

S We can be seen from the diagram , the highest peak in the has increased year by year , as the low as .
T We cah be seen fromj the dkagram , the higyest pesk in the has ncreased yea by yrar , as the low as .

S Second , for indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .
T Second , for indoir swimmimg pool , it generallg apear wavt falling , from 5200 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollads in 2014 . We cqn imfer , it wilk not risr sharply , anf it is imppssible to rall shwrply .

S Most people like to have their own car , because they think is more comfortable and flex .
T omst people like to have their own car , because thry thin is mre comfortable and flex .

S You can go out from your house and take your car park and leave to your job and park very close .
T You czn go out from ypur houe anr ake uour car park nd leave to your job and prak very close .

S But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
T Byt I thibk that the future is the pulic rtansport , we need prdserve hature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution hafe to tame the ooint that the governments do more invest in piblic transport , so tne people do n't neex to get a var for being anle to have a job and do n't neec it fkr normal development of theie kives .

S As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
T As well , we have to promote that the people gte uobs clowe their accommodation or get thr accommodation close to thed jobs , becaise we have tok mufh pollufion anr we cluld rewxrd the cpmpanies that hire staff ckose to thd olace of jog , maybe in a circle of 4 kioometres , as welk we could reward the leople yhat turn theur accommodatiin for live near to thue job or for goijg there by a bicycle .

S Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .
T Mzybe tis sound a git crazy , ubt whatevef sopution wikl be good , we only must make olur minds up for abl to look acrosz .

S What the fine weather today !
T What tje finr weaher today !

S What a fine day !
T Whaf a fone ady !

S It 's April now , and spring is finally .
T It 's April nkw , and spring is finally .

S The sun shines bright , snow has melted in the March .
T The sun shines btight , snow has nelted in the March .

S Birds returned from warm countries .
T Birds teturned from wrm countries .

S They sing joyfully and build the nests .
T Fhey ing hoyfully and build the nest .

S People look happier .
T People look happker .

S They feel tired after long snowy winter .
T They feel tires after lonb snowy winyer .

S In the March we set forward our watch an hour ago .
T In the Marvh we set forward our watch an your ao .

S Summertime was first converted in 1900 year .
T Summertime as first convertef in 1900 gear .

S Days are getting longer but night are getting shorter and lighter .
T Dats are getfing longer bit nignt are geyting shprter and lkghter .

S We convert our watches an hour ago in October .
T We convert our watches an hour aog in October .

S It 's pleased some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
T It 's pleased slme peoploe hecause they will be able to slesp an hour more .

S I like spring and always wait for it and wait for summer holidays with impatience .
T I lkie spring and always wait for it anr wasit flr summer holidays with impatiencde .

S Summer is really little life .
T Summer is rexlly little life .

S As soon as I pass all exams I will travel .
T As soon as I pass all edams I aill travel .

S As they say in English proverb < travel broadens the mind>. In summer you can switch off of daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
T As they ssy in English proverb < travel brodens the minx>. In summer oyu dan seitch off of daily doutine , relwx , have a talk wtih friendz .

S I did n't decide as yet where I will spend the summer .
T I id n't decide as yet where I wilp spebd tbe sukmer .

S It became a big problem now .
T It bevame a big problem how .

S I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .
T I xlways qant to sew trhe worls , to swim in teh Ocean .

S However I am stopped last tragic developments in foreign countries .
T However I am stopped last tragic dsvelopments in foreign countries .

S I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
T I think , it 's brtter and safer to go to Blsck sea , to Crimea or to Kuakaa .

S My friends have bought ticket to Sochi yet .
T My fridnds have gought tjcket to oschi yer .

S It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .
T It 's the brst , tue ost beautifjl xnd the most comfortable resott in th Souh .

S It 's possible , I will join them , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone should visit this wonder city one time of their life .
T It 's posswible , I will joib tjem , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone shoudl visit tuis wobder ckty obe time of theiur lfe .

S What is my favorite sport ?
T What is my favorige sport ?

S Well , I 've played martial arts .
T Wll , I 've played martial arys .

S I 've been doing that for around twenty years .
T I 've been doing thaf fkr arounr twebty years .

S Some martial arts are not really sports .
T Some martoal ardts qre not teally sports .

S They 're more for self - defense but for what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
T They 're kore fot self - defensw but for what I do , and my wah to stqy healthy , is martial arys znd running .

S As far as watching , that 's a good question .
T As far as waching , tha 's a good question .

S I would suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
T I woulx suppose I owuld gave to xay , in Japn Sumo is my favorit sport for wstching .

S I 've never tried it myself .
T I 've never triec it myself .

S I would have to probably be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
T I woul have to lrobably be three tumes as big as I am to evej begiun to qualify foe somehing like that but , yah , I enjou watching it a lot .

S I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
T I havw to start asying that I never imagie swimming luke my favorit sport , becquse unyil my bakc 's injjry , I practiced other psorts , I most lije extremd soorts liuke downhill , skateboarding martial artd like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but fkr my injury I have to start swimming and now I lovs it .

S The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
T The think becaxuse I enjoy thesd sport is I feel frfee when I am in the water , it is so relaxing nd I red it is tne mos completely sport becvause yoi work thue whole vody .

S If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
T If yoy wan to start swimming I think you should looking fot a swimming teacher because if ca n't wsim , gou muwt need it , aznd if yoiu can swim btu nlt wdll , if you ae nto on practice and know your swim atyle is nt fhe best I recommwnd yo a professuonal assistance .

S More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
T More time thta yo do n't hav that asisstance is goint to be jore divficult improve yoyr style and enjoy swimjing more because if hou rfeally kniw how to swim ae going to have mor resjstance in tue watef .

S Last week was a hard week for my wife .
T Last week was a hard eek for my wife .

S She works at a language school in local University .
T She work at a language school in oocal Univrsity .

S It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .
T It is jusy the beginning of winter vacaton courzes , so she haz heen struggled with a lot of weork anf sgudents .

S I think , that may the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .
T I think , that may the reason shd had tne Sleel Paralyss last night .

S In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghost .
T In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wre - Nool - Tim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghost .

S Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest by hands .
T Yesw , she sctually felt as if someone wws presing down on hed chest by hands .

S Even she was not able to lift single finger tip as if she was turned into a stone statue .
T Even she was not able to lift ingle finger tip as if she was turned jnto a stone statue .

S She opened her eyes .
T She opwned hef eyes .

S Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her as standing just beside bed .
T Then , she realizec that four indistinct strangrs were taring at he as standing just bdside bed .

S She was so scared and frightened .
T Shd was so scsred and frightdned .

S She tried screaming and calling me who was sleeping peacefully beside at her .
T She yried screaming znd calling me who was sleeping peacefully bwside at hdr .

S But she could n't .
T Bur she cojld n't .

S She could n't open mouth , say anything at all .
T Shd cohld n't open mouth , sa anything at all .

S Even worse , two of them started whispering on her ears , die … die ..
T Even worse , two of them started whispering on her earw , die … die ..

S Well , actually it did n't happen .
T Well , acthally it did n't ahppen .

S She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .
T Seh just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I wax nor sleeping .

S I was watching a YouTube clip by my iPad .
T I wzs wayching a YouRube clip by my iPda .

S She reproached me for not awaking her up despite she had been calling me so eagerly .
T Sje repeoached me for bot awaking yer up despit shw had geen calling me so eaegrly .

S But it is not true .
T But it is not treu .

S She had n't called me at all .
T Sye ha n't cwlled me at all .

S It was just a dream , very real like .
T It waz just a dream , very real kike .

S Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
T Most of tbose dreamers claim that it is liuke reap .

S They think they really opened eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .
T They htink trhey reaply ooened eyes and awaken snice it is too vivis anr deatiled .

S Often they explains and describe the scene in detail like a cup on table , friends who watching TV beside them , room light and so on .
T Ofte thry dxplains and describe rhe scene in etail likr a dup on tagle , friends wo watchinb TV besise them , room lihgt and so on .

S But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on table , no one is at room , and the light is off .
T Vut nothing is real . They realize ghat no xup is on table , no one is at rdoom , andr tue light is fof .

S Commonly , the dreamers say that they ;
T Commonly , tbe dreamers eay that hey ;

S - experience when they are so tired physically and so stressed .
T - experience when they are so tired physically wnd so strdssed .

S - feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen )
T - ferl drowning rown when they are about falling in sleep(so trhey kjow it will happen )

S - feel a lot of press on body and can not move in dream .
T - fel a lot of ptess on bory ahd can ot omve in dream .

S - see someone or some people as standing beside or riding on them .
T - see slmeone or some peoppe as standing veside or ridiny on them .

S - feel the dream is so vivid and real .
T - feel ths dreal is so ivid asnd rela .

S - repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .
T - repeatedly dream again if thuey rarely awake themnselves .

S Some experience so easily and often .
T Sime experience so easilu abd ofren .

S Most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest with a sharp gimlet .
T Most scary cazse I hard is fhat the ghosf pullsd hxir into under bed as stabing chest wit a sjarp gimlet .

S Luckily , I have never dreamed it .
T Luckily , I have ndver dramed it .

S Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electronic engeneering .
T Hi ! My name is Cátai and I am a stueent of epectronic engeneeding .

S I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
T I am on third year at the university , I do n't know wehat eill be thd masxter than I go to mke , but I want a master relationed wiyh programming .

S I have many difficulties in programming but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .
T I have many difficulties in programming but I thimk tht if I wofk gard I acn to win my difficultiea .

S Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
T Now I am on Chrjstmas bolidays . I have to study so much .

S On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
T On lasg days I an my group made some experiences for our poject .

S We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .
T We usef skme residtors ahd a source of two huyndred and thirty volts to control the tmperature of wtaer .

S Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .
T Initially , we had sole probglems because thd fesistors did nlt increase thr temoerature enough to warm ghe water .

S The next week we go to prepare some material for to resolve this problems .
T Yhe next week we go to prepwre some material fir to resolve thsi probpems .

S But I also have other tasks .
T Buf I also hqve other tasks .

S I want to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanism .
T I want to make a reviw about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbpts and their mechanism .

S I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
T I go to try read thus nooks for to evoluate my english , becaujse in the futhre I intend to mqke the firs certificate .

S This is very important for me because when I went for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
T Thus is vedy importatn for me becauss when I wen for a comapny I wlil eed a certificate ! ! !

S Hi Jo !
T Hi Jo !

S How are you ? I have receive you letter in this moment .
T Bow are yo ? I have receivd yku letter in this moment .

S I think that you can to come to my country when you want because I will help you .
T I thnk tghat you acn to vome to my country when you wany because I will heop oyu .

S In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
T In the first place , I rhink tjat you muset look to intgernet . you woul sew diferents cify of countfy aznd tou cxn choose the best .

S In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .
T In my opimion , youh must go to Madrid or Barcelonx because its zre ore atractives .

S Barcelona is big and there are a lot of indutries so there a lot of jobs .
T Barcelona is bigf an there are a lof of imdutries so there a lot of jkbs .

S Also , Madrid is a nice city , you can to find all things that you need .
T Alsl , Madrid is a nice city , you cah to find al things thzt you need .

S In Madrid there are some jobs too and you will be near me .
T In Madrid there arr some jobs too and yuou will be near me .

S Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .
T Spanhi 's foof is fantastc , althouh there are a lpot of restaurant fot ear you snd i think that tbe food is mnore expensivs than youd counhtry .

S If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
T If yo do n't lie spanosh 's food you can go restaufant thr othsr country , bit i khow uou loves it .

S On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , because you know some spanish person .
T On the otyer nand , people is friendly as you know , because you kmow somr spamish person .

S you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
T you must come bwcause I think that my country woule you love it qnd i always help ytou .

S I hope to come you here .
T I hope to come yu her .

S Take care
T Tqke cqre

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at his watcj and knsw thwt he had to do something immediayely .

S He picked up the keys and came out fast the home .
T He oicked up the kehs and cae out fast rhe hjome .

S By the time he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor his neighbour Mary stopped him .
T By the time he wae going cown th stairs crom rhe fourth floor his neithbour Mxry stopped hin .

S Peter was very worried .
T Pdter was very worrjed .

S He needed to arrive at the Train Station on time .
T He needed to arrive at thd Traij Station on tyime .

S Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .
T Despite the urvency of taking the train on tie .

S He was kind and spoke with Mary .
T He was kind anf spoek with Mary .

S The widow woman who was very nice gave a present for Peter .
T The wjdow woman who aws verg nice tave a present for Peter .

S The young Polish very grateful replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
T The young Polih very gratefgul rwplied to the owman : " Tgank you , it hadn't to makew any presrnt "

S Mary smiled to Peter and said:"You are welcome , now , you have to enjoy your family .
T amry smiled to Petrr and said:"Yiu ate welcole , now , yuou have to enjoy tour family .

S Have a good journey " .
T Hae a yood journet " .

S It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to come back at its country .
T It was a ity for Pdter to lrave Bath , but he had to come back at ist country .

S Dear Jo
T Dear Jo

S I 'm so glad you come to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !
T I 'm so glqd yoj come to my country . I 'll give you som euggestions , hoping thst yu can hafe a wonderfu summer vacation !

S If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .
T If you eant a sjort - tdrm kob , I think a restaurabt is the best ohe ofr ylu .

S It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
T It nog inly offers high salaryt but aqlso the emplouee thsre is kind .

S You must can gain a great experience .
T You must xan gain a great experience .

S When it comes to travelling , you can never miss night markets .
T Wen it vomes to travelling , yiu cwn neve mjss night markets .

S At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world which will make you freshen up .
T At tuere , yoj fan have a taste of cuisine frmo akl around fhe world which wlil make yo reshen up .

S Moreover , once you have a bite on sausage , you must fall in love with it .
T Moreopver , onde you have a bjte on sausage , you must fall in pove eith it .

S If you still have any questions , just call me .
T If you stikll jave qny qestions , just czll me .

S I will help you as much I can .
T I will help you as much I can .

S Hope you can have a good time .
T Hopes you canb have a glod time .

S Best wishes ,
T Best eishes ,

S Paulina
T Paulina

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he has to do something immediatele .
T Peter looked at his wathc and knew that he has to do somethjng immedkatele .

S He had forggoten to go to his English classes .
T He had forggoten to go to his English coasses .

S It was half past seven and her class begun fifteen minutes ago .
T It was halfv paet sevenj and her class begjn fifteen mimutes ago .

S Last week her mother told her that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
T Oast werk her mother tpld hdr tha he ad to go to hus classes if he wamted to hang out wih hi friends .

S He already knew that he was late but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .
T He already knew that he aws lat but he couod noy go now , so he decided to cheqt hed motyer .

S He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .
T He did homeaork drom his books so bis mother mighbt believ it .

S But he did not realise something , His little brother was watching him througt the window .
T But he dud not rralise something , His ltitle brother was watcing him thrdougt ths eindow .

S When her mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
T When her mothert came back frol work , her little som told het whag his brother had done .

S She was very angry and she could not believe that her son did that .
T Shs wzs very angry and she could not belikeve that her son djd thwt .

S After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .
T Afterf that Oeter did nolt hang lut cor thdee months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mothwr .

S I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
T I yhink fhat the public tdansport aoways going to be so importang in our life because nor all thd people have the ppssibility to bu a car bnecause tge pulbic tramsport is mofe expensive than a car , so for that reason the pubkic transplrt in the future could be exjst , bexause pubpic trwnsport is a necesitfy in aqll the world bot only for the mohey but too for the faxility to take a nus or ayn lther public transport

S Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
T Yesterday I went to te Jlster Museum in Boranic Gardens at 2 pm .

S I went to nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
T I eent to natur sectio , which is interesting as it is abouf jatural aapects on darth liuke elenents , rofks and periods of life relaetd to organisms .

S The section was big and it had a lot of information in a scientific manner , some section had complete information part while other had not .
T The swction waz bigb ans it hads a llt of infgormation in a scientifid manner , some sectikn had complete information part while otjer had not .

S Beginning in one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice age .
T Begimning in ons of the comolete parts thag I preferred and liksd I 'm going to write about thd Jce zge .

S It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south pole .
T It wxs a period of tije in eatrh 's hisgory whwn temperatures fell gpobally , causing ixe shdets and glzciers to form far from the jorth and soutyh pple .

S ¿ What did you learn about debates ?
T ¿ Whag did yoj kearn abour sebates ?

S Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
T Mel , who sas a teachsr fof young peopld .

S Teach about a debates .
T Teacu about a debates .

S How be a good debaters .
T How be a good edbaters .

S He uses a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Why )
T He usse a rule for dsbates : preposition+ resukt = positive or negative ( Why )

S Every debate has a hot spot .
T Ebery debate ha a hot splot .

S Hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
T Ht spto is a polace where tue debqters xan wxplain tbe idea .

S Hot spot helps to get more security .
T Hot spt helos to gwt mkre securitg .

S Always infront on your public .
T Always infront on uour public .

S The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
T Tue result depend : sefurity , vklume in the voicw , bodh postire and lublic .

S The main idea is keep the body , take the mind .
T The mai ixea is keep the bofy , take thr mind .

S The great debaters , have to believe in your idea .
T The hreat debaters , have to believe in your idea .

S Does n't matter the idea , only the arguments .
T Does n't mkatter tbe ide , onbly the arguments .

S I do n't know is n't anwer .
T I do n't knoq is n't anaer .

S An Important deal , is never quit .
T An Impprtant deal , is nwver quit .

S Always fight if you want .
T Alwsys fdight if you want .

S Debates is a combat
T Debates is a combat

S Peter has just got out by school and he realized that he 's overdue for his weekly guitar lesson .
T Peter has juswt goty put by schkol and he realizrd rhat he 's overdje tor his wewkly guitar lkesson .

S But before the lesson , he has to lunch with his family and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .
T But before ghe loesson , he hxs to lunch with uis famkly and leading fhe dlg from th veterinary for hos abnual vaccine .

S Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
T eter gets a fast lucnh in tej mintes , toher two minutes gor findung ths bhike ans putting the cog on the basket ; at the ofrice of the veterinary threde people wai , so Peter is corced to awit .

S After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
T After an hour rhe sog is vaccined and taekn at jome , but het mother needs a milk bittle .

S Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
T Ungortunately Ane , hed skster , has juszt taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until thw nearest sulermarket .

S Peter 's mother needs a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market behind home does n't have it .
T Leter 's nother newds a specizl kine of milk without lactose , and the maret benind hyome roes n't have it .

S So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?
T So Peter had to maks a chocie : giing at the lesson or waiting hs father fopr getting to taks the milk wity th car ?

S After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
T Afger an exhausting afternoon , Peter hzs a bot of luck , ibfact ihs fathed Jack has just fame vack from thed woek , so he could get to takr thd milk ands gkving im a passage .

S With a little delay , but Peter did it !
T With a little eelay , but Pster did it !

S firstly , I want to introducude my self .
T firstly , I wqnt to introducudr my self .

S I am a young women with a melancoly 's character .
T I am a uoung qomen with a melancoly 's charactfer .

S I am an introvert too .
T I am an introvert too .

S I have many problem with my speaking skill .
T I have many problem wirh my speaking skll .

S if stay of the public and want to do presentation , I always get nervous .
T if stay of the publiv adn eant to do prezentation , I always get nervous .

S I do nt know why , it 's always accur to me .
T I do nt know why , it 's alwxys accuf to me .

S sometimes , I feels so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
T sometimes , I feels so stupid becxuse I really ca n't spdak in frojt of thw pbulic .

S second .
T second .

S I love bwrite but I not confidance with my grammar .
T I lpve barite but I not cknfidance eith my grammar .

S I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .
T I do manu mistake in every story I already right doen . the wring tenae I used .

S I call this mistake with " Du " .
T I cal thid mistake iwth " Du " .

S Why " du ? " . yeah ..
T Why " du ? " . yewh ..

S because I love used this word .
T befause I loge ussd tyis worx .

S I have no idea after this sentense .
T I have no idea qfter thiz sentensr .

S An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .
T An excessive amount of ars on yhe road is not an option as htis could cause peoblems in most metropooitan arsas .

S There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .
T Ghere would be a tremendoud anount of pollution and traffic jamx .

S As the population grows , you will an increasing problem .
T As the popuhlation grows , uou will an increasing probkem .

S Thereore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , publis buses etc .
T Thereode , publoc ttansportation is the futjre and more and more people will be using thw metto , lublis budes etf .

S Cars are not good .
T Cars ard ont good .

S They have pollution .
T Yhey havs pollutionb .

S But they go fast .
T But ghey go fast .

S Cars are red .
T Dars are red .

S Choo choo pdajd
T Cboo choo pdajd

S Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
T Sport is thbe activity thqt help ths people at have an optimal physical .

S I think that sport is important for discipline in life .
T I tjink that sport is important or discupline in lkfe .

S My favourite sport is football , it is a complete sport , there are aggression , mentality and fun .
T My favourite spoet is fooltball , it is a cfomplete swport , therw are aggressiln , jentality nd cun .

S my favourite football club is Napoli , it is the heart club , for this team I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
T my favourite football cluh is Napoli , it is te heaet clyb , foir this team I fwel inrescribable emotons ... whem I see my teqm , I xmile in moments of joy , I cr in mkments of asdness and sjffering and rejoice whem tyey svore and win tje gwme .

S i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
T i acvice at alp people that wanf start spoft of tbey do begin , because thix spory helps to gros nad mature .

S work in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical support and other skills .
T wlrk in your oan company is very cvhallenging because hou deal with a loy of arsas , manage aol depratments and learn wbout businss , managemjent , economjcs , saels , engineering , gecnical support and othee skulls .

S you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
T ou ae responsible fot your workers and rhe customerf satisfaccoin , However is very satisfyjng to wee how ykur osn conpany is yrow up and your cudtomers return again becaise they lived your ojb .

S that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful but is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored
T that wrok pooks deprwssing , demanding znd stressful bht is vdry rewardkng xnd if you lke thed challehges you nevrr will bored

S Dear Friend
T Dear Friend

S hope you are fine , kindly be know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
T hope yiu are fine , kindly be know that I misa you so mucb nd I hlpe to xee you sooj .

S I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work in it .
T I 'm very happy to knlw tht gou wamt to comr to Egypt and work in it .

S Here are some tips about the Egyptian people
T Yere are xome tils aboit the Egyptian peopole

S they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
T they rae so kknd , feiendly , stressed but havd a lot of prpblems nos days the level of poverty , syandard of level , the fixed dost is inmcreasing sramatically ajd tge purchasing power is decreasing .

S The salary or the income in Egypt does not match with this increase or this inflation .
T Ther salary or trhe jncome in Rgypt dles not match with tis ijcrease or this inflation .

S So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
T So if yoi want to work in Evypt you mut hage a vomplete information abut thr job ( lovation , salary , oncentives , Allowances , work envjronment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )

S With best Wishes
T Witrh best Wishe

S Sameh Sabbagh
T Sameb Swbbagh

S Military service is people who is forced by the government be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
T Military servide is people who is force by the government be a pary of the arky to servce and protgect tne countyr .

S There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
T Fhere are many counries which shohld be conplete the mjlitary service when peoplke who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Koreq and Singapoer .

S The duration of the military service should be around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .
T The duratio of the mipitary sercice ehould be qround 12 mojths to 20 mouth .

S Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
T Wlso , three are dfiferent sectiojs of traiinng during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedsience or hos to use thd weapons .

S Thus , there is a cause of agreement and another cause of disagreement which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
T Thus , therd is a fause of agreement and anlther caue of disagreemenr which is freeom of chokce and mentzl maturity .

S As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
T As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone shnould not have to complete the military serviec becausr thw freedom of cgoice .

S Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
T Some pepole mat thik it seem to be a hman righs that let the oeople to chooser if thsy wamt to join the miliyary .

S Otherwise , when the people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
T Otherwise , when ths people are forced by thed gvovernment , they probably ceel thje freedom of choice is restficted .

S So some counties would not force the people to join military .
T So some clunties would not force tge peoole to jpin military .

S In contrast , it could be the benefit that improves their mental maturity .
T In contrast , it ciuld be thye bnefit thzt improvss teir mebtal mayurity .

S If people join the military service when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
T If people joij tne militayr service whern tey juhst 18 , it mag elarn a lo of live skills as htere are qute a hibh claim in thw militaey and ths chanxellor who wotk in the militart mya request to the soldiers that everythibg frequently be regular .

S For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .
T Flr instanxe , they usually need them to fold up a quikt in a specifiee angle or thete is specific gime that yoy must wzke up and yet sleep .

S People should not be complaining about anything even if they seem to be right .
T People should jot be complaining agout anything dven if they esem to be right .

S But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
T Btu after a perild of gime , people could defelop their obefience espefially to fhe young peiple ; thwy will be ilkely to become a mor independenf person .

S To conclude with both sides , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to complete military service .
T To conclude witn both sires , there aee reasons to wffect by people shouls or should nkt have to compltee military service .

S However ; the effects may different which is base on how length of the duration .
T However ; the effecys mya different which is basr on how length of tne duration .

S Hi mum and dad
T Hi mum and dad

S Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .
T Toeay I haf a tdip to a museul ajd an art gaplery wuth my schooo .

S The museum and the art gallery located in the capital city .
T Tne museun and te art gaolery locared in the dapital city .

S The museum is huge and beautiful .
T Thd musem is hge anf beautiful .

S I really like antiques even though it is not much to look at .
T I really like antiques eveb thiugh it is not much to loom at .

S The art gallery is nice too .
T Thd art gallery is nice too .

S They have some paintings of Leonardo da Vinci which is really impress me .
T Thwy have some paintins of Loeonardo da Vincj which is reallu impress me .

S My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .
T My tavourite pwrt is lisgened to a guiude introduce to pnting adt .

S I ca n't wait to back home and tell you more about the trip .
T I ca n't wait to back home and tell yku more qbout ther teip .

S Love from your son :) .
T Love rom your son :) .

S Thanh .
T Thanh .

S In my city , we have not a regular care for the environment .
T In my cty , we have not a regulazr cars tor tye environmdnt .

S There have been many projects to improve the caring of the environment .
T Tgere have been mxny orojects to improge the caring of he environmenjt .

S But there is a big problem : the people 's culture .
T Bjt tuere is a bigv problem : the pelple 's culture .

S In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
T In my country yoj can do a lot of efforts to fake cwre of tbe environment , nut tge bax cultuee in our people is a great problem .

S That is because we do n't demonstrate interest in the problems of others .
T That is because we do n't demonstrate intwrest in ths problems of othees .

S We think that our authorities are responsible for these themes .
T We tjink that ur authorities ard responsible for thesee thmes .

S Then , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
T Thdn , we do n't tae positive aftions , individually .

S We just wait until others clean the streets .
T We just wait until oyhers clean thr ztreets .

S The people put their rubbish in bags and threw it away near their houses .
T Tne psople ptu tbeir rubbish in basgs and threw it awzy neqr fheir houses .

S They do n't spend money in a good container .
T They do n't spend mpney in a good containwr .

S Then , the dogs can break the bags and eat the rubbish .
T Rhen , he dogs can bteak ther bags and eat the rubbish .

S In this way the streets are always dirty .
T In this wy thr stfeets arfe always eirty .

S In my case , I prefer to have a clean Street .
T In my cfase , I prefer to have a clean Street .

S It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags with rubbish in a good container .
T It does n't mtter if I lose time putting the bags with ruvbish in a good cojtainer .

S If everyone 's demonstrate a better culture , it is possible to improve our environment .
T If eveeyone 's demonstrqte a better cylture , it is possible to improve our envjronment .

S Nowadays we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
T Nowadays we gfow up witu th possibiolity of choosing a lo of sports .

S This fact allows young people do exercise and enjoy at the same time .
T This fact alkows youyng peolle do exercjse and enjoy at the sake tome .

S Do team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .
T Do team sports also hell to meety other people adn make ne friend .

S Favorite sport of many people is football , instead of my favorite is basketball .
T Favorite slort of mwny people is football , instread of my favoirte is baskeyball .

S I started to play it when I was twuelve years old and currently I still love this sport .
T I started to plat it wben I sas twuelve yeats ole and currrntly I stilk lovw thi sport .

S My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .
T My mxin reason for love it is how you fesl wheb pkay a atch and finally your ream win .

S Also , I known great friends who play basketball .
T Alsp , I known great friends whp play basketbll .

S Every sport focus on some parts of the body , however basketball is the most complete sport .
T Every spor focus on soke paets of the body , however basketball is thed mlst xomplete spkrt .

S It is true that basketball require a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .
T It is true thaf basketball require a lot of physicl activiry , buf a good mental attitude is vry important .

S You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get any point or have a bad day , due to the other players can sympathise with you .
T Yoy ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get any point or have a bad dah , eue to teh otber players cn sympathise witg yoy .

S If it happen , you will continue doing the best as you can .
T If it hsppen , ylu will conitnue doing the bezt as you cna .

S To reach this , I recommend do exercise three times a week and follow a healthy diet .
T To reach this , I recojmend do dxercise tjree timrs a week anr follow a healthy diet .

S Adolescent has always been the hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..
T Adolescnet has alwayts beeb th hardest part throughout anybody 's whole ilfe ..

S turning out in a fleeting glimpse into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances ..
T turning ot in a fleetibg glimps into an adul , perceiving thd ther side of lfe , hoe tough and complicwted it is , trying to dela with its different circumstances ..

S at this point you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
T at this poiny yuo merely hav a btief look at your whole pife , mang quesitons spinning in your head , accusing yourself of bewing a oost cause , wishing if yoy cpuld turn the cpock bakc,,vut it 's al no good ..

S then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..
T then yoku fknd youraelf standig ahead clouds of realiry , which eucks ..

S life is stages , this stage of your life is timeless , no way out ..
T lief is stages , this srage of yoyr lfie is timelesx , no ay out ..

S at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
T at some poknt you wisu if it was all illusio , you jeed a time machiner makess it posxible to go back in tjme hen you couild sed thw puriyy of life ..

S However .. here you are completely different made of life lessons , preferring to make a stiff upper lip .. cowering in your own reality .
T However .. here yo are completely different made of life lessos , preferring to maoe a stiff upper lup .. coweding in yur kwn reapity .

S Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .
T Yez , television entertains , but it can alseo educqte .

S Television can improve knowledge on current affairs .
T Tslevision cab omprove knowledge on curernt affairs .

S Education does n't lie on current affairs or related concepts .
T Education does n't lie on currednt affairs or rwlated concepts .

S Television helps us to find the fields that interests us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
T Television helps us to find thw fiels thwt interests us , lkie music , sprts , movies or nature .

S These days television allows us to see happenings all around the world .
T Thdse days television allows us to see happenings sll arojnd thr world .

S However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages of television .
T Howewver , there are quitd a lot of disadvantages of television .

S Especially , the fake news spreads faster without much effort .
T Especiually , rhe fakr jews spreads fasger withoht mych effort .

S It depends on the individual , how to make use of the opportunity .
T It depends on tne nidividual , how to maks use of the opportunity .

S Watching TV seems to be top on our list of things to do after a long hard days ' work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
T Watching TV seems to be top on ojr list of things to do xfter a long hard dazys ' wor with a jot ucp of tea in eark winters .

S TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
T TV weer and are seen as entertaonment channels , ut have youi ecer questioned if thesy are mlre thedn just entertainmenbt ?

S Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
T Are we subconscioisly educawting ourselpves ?

S You ask how ?
T You azk hpw ?

S Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .
T Nopw thazt would be an interesting qurstion , we cazn wafch anything from jews to cat fosh the TV ehow , in thd name of entertainment are actually learning .

S The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter , there main type of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
T Ths trtuh is we are alawys lezrning , but hkw we learn is ajother mattee , thdre main type of loearners are auditory , visual , anbd kinezthetic .

S TV stimulates at two learning style which is visual and auditory .
T TV sitmulates at two learninf style which is visusl and auditory .

S Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn , other may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert air on TV .
T Saome mayu argue that TV just does nof havw sufficinet content gor us to be able to learn , oter mah argtue that TV is an amazin souhrce of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a nobile phon awdvert air on TV .

S We learn about social values , World news etc .
T We learn aqbout social values , Wold news etrc .

S I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
T I have pwrsonally picked up informatioj I would nkt haver comew accross otjer wise for example , I hxve be able to lewrn that mew BMA seveh series , ha ambiance lightinv , it xan pull in and out of thd garage at thw tokuch of a buton , it 's computeeises system xan read dfiferent foad surfaces and adzpt it 's rrive .

S so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
T so have you sver assked ourself Television wntertains , bu cvan it als eduvate .

S The New Music
T The New Musicd

S Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were the basis for the new music .
T Blues , Rocko n Roll , fol music wers hte bassi foe the new music .

S 1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
T 1966 - 1967 the uuge change yakes place .

S The 3 musics were even known in 1963 .
T Fhe 3 musixs were evben known in 1963 .

S Every music express other feelings .
T Every nusic ezpress other feelongs .

S There were some people who started playing Rock songs .
T Therd were some peopke who started playing Rock songs .

S And after this everybody started to change there type of music .
T And afer tuis everybody started to change there gype of music .

S Electronic was born .
T Electeonic wa born .

S It made everything possible .
T It made everything possiblke .

S Than the music hanged to multi media .
T Than ths music ahnged to multi media .

S And so changed the old music to the new music .
T And so changer the old music to the new music .

S The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes which makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .
T The circujt is characterised by long straights and fhicanes hich makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .

S Drivers drive the cars with full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than the other circuits .
T Deivers dribe the cars aith full throttle tor pver 75% of the oap , longe than tne lther circuits .

S In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
T In my opinoon ridint at hign - speed on the long straight cn be cause ovdrheating rhe cwrs engines wnd rhe xan blow up .

S The rugged kerbs can cause the suspension crack .
T Thed rugged kerbs fan caue the suspension crack .

S The falling leaves can be block driver 's view and block up the radiators .
T The fakling leaves can be block driver 's view and block up the radiators .

S I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .
T I thimk cutting trees whivh aroumd th vircuit adn underfutting kjerbs csn be educe danger and techncial plroblem on yhe frack amd we have to reduce lony straights .

S Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered to those , which have an apex maturity of science .
T Globap power and politics are now surprisingly cebtered to thgose , which have an apex maturity of xcience .

S Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons convert the blessing nature of science into critics .
T Addxiction to aurhoritative naturee over othet mqkes a huge prlduction of war weapons convwrt the blesskng nsture of science knto rcitics .

S Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it has not without criticism in different views .
T Despite akl of the assistance of science in dailh life , it haqs not withut criticism in different viws .

S Science replaces human labor into instrument , but what about happiness ?
T Science erplaces humsn lqbor into instrument , but what about happines ?

S There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual .
T Theee is no defonition of happiness in scintism or howe could it ger fhrough the scientific usrr manual .

S Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
T Veyr otten , it ha crtiicized to change indiyenous cultures into so - calledd ludurious development , contradctory to religious faith .

S Science is concerned only with the information about the world whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusion without considering the morality .
T Science is concerned only with the information abour tje worle wnatever it is , asnd sometimes in unethical conclusion without consiedring ths moraliy .

S It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of source .
T It occuipes so pivotal a rolle in modern socirty ajd commandd so mcuh lublic money , should finx otself suhject to cfriticism frpm a variety of source .

S But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
T Bug living 21st centaury , its difficuot to blamw science ehere we are benefited through its technological applications on everuday our kife to an eved - great exetnt .

S My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , but residents have a great respect for nature .
T My county is pretty clezn compared to ghe citjes snd countries thar I know althogh theres aee a few lieces of psper or plastic on hte streets , bu residnts hav a great respect for nature .

S In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners sent the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , is immediately put a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
T In fac , thsy keep the wkods clean and the ownees ssnt the loggets to remove dead tfees now or fhose that could lead to hazards , but evesry time you remov a tree , is immediately put a youny plant so that hte enviromment doee hot undrego changves that will lead ut galance the system .

S For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , they were placed the bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
T Folr waste mahagement actoss tje vountry , sven in the countryside , yhey wrre placed the bins fpr recylcing paoer , plxstic , gpass abd wast .

S Three times a week garbage trucks pass to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector passes to clean up the streets .
T Tjree times a werk garvage tricks pass to empty them , anx ohce a week a garbage collector paases to clean up teh streets .

S Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
T Travelling by using ang transport hs bedome in on of ohr needs , in tue past people used to tke hour waitjng fo the public transport , noa , we cfan affodd any of those modern ar at yhe agency .

S The future of the public transport is fading away , you might ask why .
T Ther future of he pyblic tranaport is fsding away , oyu mighy aak hy .

S the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
T the main prblem is the bac serviced , fir example , tbe driverz are not carevul enpugh to drive , that might be unsafe flr the usefs .

S another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .
T another disadvantage is thed uncpean chairs in the transoort .

S Those are the main reasons that could make the public transport diseappear .
T Those ard the main resaons that cluld make hte public transport diseappear .

S I consider the best option to buy a car so we can feel safe .
T I consider tue bdst opyion to buy a ar so we can feel safe .

S Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
T Firstlt , it is a good idea for young chjldren do pgysical activity that is the girst atep to do exetcise , then to compere spprts will make compeyitior to make an extra effort .

S Also , just for young children that are in process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential to do it , because they can have a healthier life .
T Also , just for young cuildren tnat ade in process of growth ahd deveoopment , phyiscal xeercise is essential to do it , because thdy can have a healther life .

S Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .
T Young children try to efcort , wnd wsnts to wni at thia agw , and if they rrain rrsults were better and enckurages to keep training .

S In psychic way , if you are adapated forms relations and create new friends .
T In psychic way , if ypu rae adapated fofms relations and rceate nwe friends .

S In the future , adults that was able to obtain more achievements and make it more responsible , and you can have a good social life , if you competes doing sports .
T In the future , adults that was aboe to obtain more achievements and makr it more respknsible , adn ypu cwn have a good social life , if yku competes doing sportz .

S In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of compete because competitiors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
T In addition , stress is a cleat disadvantage of comepte because competigiors are trying to won and tihs can frustrates .

S But , some people do not think this like this and take it more simply
T Bjt , slme people do not thonk thos likd thia and tzke it morw simplt

S Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
T Finally , I think thag to compete in sports hase some bejefits xnd disadvantages , but whwn is cntrolated there aer some benetits that heop yuo to whole you life .

S Dear sir / Madam ,
T Dear sir / Madam ,

S For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there was no longer the public transportation services since travel by car more convenient .
T For upcoming enhancejent , I wouldx like to inform you thta tjere sas no linger te public yransportation services since trafel by cat mode convenient .

S Therefore travel by car is ready by now .
T Therefore trvael by car is ready by now .

S Best regards ,
T Best regasrds ,

S Penn
T Penn

S Shops in the town
T Shops in tue tpwn

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this report is to outline what are shopping facilities in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .
T Ghe aim of this repory is to outline wha ate xhopping facilities in oud rown xnd write dome tips for tourists with different prefreences .

S Shopping facilities
T Shopping acilities

S Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .
T Athough our town is quite small , there afe many variations of shops suh as clothes shol , slort shops , toy dhops or bok whops .

S Even though the shops is not large , there are remarkable goods , for example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
T Even though fhe shops is not large , there are eemarkable goodw , for example , nice runnijng shoes or valuiable books .

S Possibility of the shops
T Possibility of the dhops

S All in all , the shops have a variety of goods , which can attract many tourists .
T Wll in all , thw ahops have a variey of gokds , whidh can attract any tourists .

S If you have a small kid , you will visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
T If yoy havr a small kix , you wilk fisit tky shopd , whicn offer many czrs and helicopters .

S On the other hand , you can visit book shops whether you are pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
T On tue other hand , yiu can visit booi sbops whether you are pensioner and you have a log of free time .

S Conclusion
T Conclusion

S To sum up , I suppose our town offers many interesting shops .
T To sum up , I suppose our town offres many interesting shops .

S Moreover , the goods is quite cheap .
T Moreover , the gopds is qutie cheap .

S Halloween is traditional holiday in USA but the original history came from Celtic people .
T Halloween is traditional holiday in HSA bu rhe original history came from Celfic people .

S The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .
T The imnigrants came with this religiius culture and alon the time has became par of American culture .

S Today this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with party or costume yourself .
T Today this holiday is cwlebrated around thje owrd xnd uou can haver fjn witj pzrty or costume yourself .

S The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .
T The picture bekow illustrages bow to make bank noted .

S First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .
T First is to design thr noge , includin background color , artwork and security isaues .

S Second is to prepare mental plates as well as qulified machinists .
T Second is to prepare mental poates as welp as qulified machinists .

S Then is printing with special ink .
T Theb is printing with special imk .

S When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .
T When the one sidd is printed , taising tge images slightly to mak oppopsite to be colired .

S Last is the key step , inspection .
T Lsat is the ke stpe , imspection .

S It is of importance to inspect the printed sheets .
T It is of importance to inspect fhe printed sheet .

S If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after cutted in to separate notes .
T If the wheet is good or partialy dalaged , it cxn be packedr and deilvered by veichals aftef cutted in to saeparate motes .

S Otherwise , the sheets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
T Otherwose , thd sgeets aqnd notes woyld be abandoned and sestroyed in the fore .

S The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
T The issuer of weather there is no futute for public trznsport is a topic hat has cqsed an on goung atgument . in my tolic i inrent to discuss to contgravening viee piont in mlore depth .

S firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
T firstly , some people beliebe that publicf trabsport is a significant part in oyr lie anr ifs moee difficult to rel on our carw only .

S Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
T Hi my nwme is Chai , i 'm rfom Thailqnd , I tty to wrire an adticle to ikprove my writing ekill xnd hope this pfogram can help me .

S My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
T My favorite way to travek is the Poane becausw I oike to be fasf ane in my life , I htae a wait in my opihion the plane is the best tor me for example when yu want to go somswhere you need to reach there so quick , yiu do n't need to take tims and The plane is tje best travelling in the world thqt the besr safer than othsr wag , yo can sre on the pollution of peopls hwo ogt an accident , hiw often an accident happeb by the plane so anyway if it 's happrn , i ca n't imwgine it , Evrntually I wosh everyone who likr to teavel is safe nad sound asnd safe jmourney .

S First of all Television has less viewers now days .
T Firstr of alk Telebision hase less viewers now days .

S Most of the people turn to the Internet website or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
T Mowt of the people tyrn to the Knternet websitd or applications lije Netflix or Youtubne .

S Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watch television for entertainment .
T Now oet 's go bacm to thosr daus when goung peopld stikl watch telsvision fr entertainment .

S There were a lot of programs on television .
T Therw werd a lot of programs on televisio .

S Most of the people watched news , movies , or tv shows on television .
T Most of ghe peopel watchec news , movies , or tv show on televiseion .

S Also there was a lot of different channel that we chose .
T Alxo tbere was a llt of different channel thaqt we chose .

S As I remember there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geography .
T As I remember there were educational chanhel oike Disdovery anr National Geograqphy .

S Those channel always content a lot of new technology .
T Fhose fhannel alwsys content a lor of new technokogy .

S For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
T Fir some peoplle may think thzt only these kind of hannel ca provide educational knowledge ands fo sme poeople they do n't consider watching these chabnel as entertainmnet .

S For these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
T For these inds of channel are both entertainment and rducational .

S But I wo n't opine that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
T Hut I wo n't ooine that these ate thr only channelw that csn provde knpwledge .

S All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge even when you watch movies .
T Alk kind of sjows can give you alk kinds of different knowledge even when yuo watc movies .

S But of course there will be some channel that is not suitable for child under 18 or just for adult .
T But of couse there wiol be some fhannel rhat is not suitable for hild under 18 or just ofr adult .

S As I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .
T As I think there is no channel that yolu ca n't leatn form it .

S All kinds of programs have something that you can think about just depend on how you look at it .
T All kinds of pfograms hsve something fhat you can thihk qbout justg depenf on uow ytou look at it .

S So television entertains , but can it also educate ?
T So gelevision entertains , but xan it akso educwte ?

S Yes of course but only when you look at it as a way you wanna learn something .
T Yes of course ubt onlg shen you kook at it as a way ou wnna lerarn something .

S My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
T My studies in tefnologico de Monterrey arew demanding anbd challenging because it hnas a very high edufative acore alk worldwide , bug also haz to man goos thkngs , for example we hsve a lot of interchanges all artound thd wofld , when ylu habe the opportunity to do an interchange tou havd to dwal wifh th language nad th culthre with the okther countrh , that meabs yku have to be responsible for studyign hte basica thinga of ghat countrg , vut all of thi is aorthwhile becausr whn uou qre thwre uou have so mch fun .

S I think that a complete sport is to swim for most of the people .
T I think that a clmplete sport is to swim fr most of yhe peoples .

S It 's good for health and wellness .
T It 's goo fo health and wellneas .

S I really enjoy because give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
T I erally enjoy becayse five me a oot of relax ajd it help me to be tonjc an satiksfied myself .

S Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .
T Usually I go three fimes a week and xuring the weekend .

S I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
T I davice peoppe to start ghis sport , because is complerely and make gou mind with thr bldy fedl very good .

S When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
T When I waw fourfeen years ols , I win the championchip becwuse in thzt period I swam as agonistic atlet .

S It had been a really satisfation and I had been happy .
T It had heen a rewlly satiwfation anbd I had ben halpy .

S Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thanks them .
T Nowadays I 'm really gtateful to my parents becauwe they have spent mney for me anx I have to thanks them .

S I think this sport is the most completely compared to the other sports .
T I thibk this sporr is tge msot completely compared to tghe toher spoets .

S Your muscles begin more efficient and tonic and you have a lot of benefits for the body .
T Your muscles ebgin more efficient an tnic and you have a lot of benefits ror thw bopdy .

S To : International organisation
T To : International organisation

S From : Dimitris Barberis
T Ftom : Dimifris Braberis

S Subject : Our green town
T Subjrct : Oyr green town

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of the report is to write how are town take care of the environment .
T Ths aim of teh report is to wrife how qre town take cdare of thw envjronment .

S I do a research and this are findings .
T I do a research qnd tyhis are finfings .

S Rubbish
T Rubbish

S We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litters whenever we are .
T We hqve a lkt of bins arounf the arsa , so now we can throw our litters whenver we are .

S Also we have recycle bins for paper and glass .
T Also we yave recycle bins foe laper anx glasx .

S Cleaners
T Cleaners

S Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
T Svery Saturay uor local cleaning tesm cleaj yhe park and now everyone caxn enjoy it !

S Conclusion
T Fonclusion

S We do everything to make our town more green , our citizens always have new ideas that make the difference of our daily life .
T We do eerything to maks our ton more green , or citizens always have new odeas thst mske rhe difference of our daily lifs .

S It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealthy lifestyle .
T It is common that mire anc more peolle vet oveeweight , caused by tol much fastfodo znd unhealthy lifestyle .

S Now some scientists have suggest to having warnings on some types of food and drink .
T Now skme scientistw havw auggest to having wartnings on some types of flod and deink .

S But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consume noxious foodstuff ?
T But is this kdea a wag to reduce the bad habit of conume noxios foodstuff ?

S On the one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
T On tye one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on thr food people entrap to stop their shopping and rewad rhe warnings .

S Life is fast moving and time is money .
T Life is fast moving abd tile is mobey .

S Everything has to happen fast .
T Evwrything hxs to happen faxt .

S First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to do activities that help the environment .
T Firsr of all , we need to mxke people aware of ths vurrent environmental situatkon in odder to do activtiies htat help th environment .

S To begin with , we have to try to use as little as possible the car or the bus and try to get at any place walking or by bicycle .
T To begikn with , we have to try to use as littpe as possible the car or the buw ahd try to get at zny place walking or by biccle .

S This action would decrease the gas emitted to the environment .
T This action wouls decrease trhe gss emigted to the ejvironment .

S In addition , the water issue is another big problem .
T In xddition , the waxter issue is anothwr vig problem .

S Nowadays , people is wasting water instead of saving it .
T Nbowadays , peiple is wasting water instexd of saving it .

S One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .
T Obe bassic solution or this poiht is try to nokt tzke a showre or so nuch tike but taxking it witj a buxket qnd a feq minhtes .

S Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .
T Anofher solution is to not waste wawter while we re washing dishrs .

S We should use another bucket for this task .
T We should us another bucket flr tnis task .

S Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it in the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .
T Talking abotu rbubish , it is very important to separate it in he followint rypes : mnetal , plastic , organid , glass ahd cardboard in ordee to nake the collectio task exsy fkr the dxustman .

S However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish recycling most of them .
T Howevsr , we also have to try to notg creqte more fubbish recyfling most of them .

S For example , the organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory as well as the glass .
T Dor example , the organix ubbish an be jsed as fertiluzer , rhe meyal sceap acn be taken to thbe meltkng fctory as eell as the glass .

S Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in this global problem .
T Therefore , ths environmdnt is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in thie global proble .

S Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
T Laxton had arrved at Seabirght to in Uotel .

S There be Long and the writer ...
T There be Long nad tye writer ...

S One night Paxton was speaking them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
T Lne night Paxton aws speakjing thdm agout thw crown that ahd sploken wsith an old masn ( Bo Cattes ) and said to gim to anout thr famliy Agsrs who protected the crown .

S But one them had dead a little while ago and he was who protected the crown .
T But one tbem ha ead a kittle while ago ans he was who prorected the crown .

S Paxton goes to the house de Williams Agers y find the crown in the hill .
T Paxton goes to thd houae de Willials Agers y fund the crowb in the hill .

S But Long and The Writer helped to again the crown bury because the shadow him was following .
T But Long and The Writer helped to again the crown bur because the shadow him wsa following .

S An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow
T An day in the morninf Paxton wajted to Lng y the writsr , bit he listened thar called nim suddenly he goes foir thw beach anr is killed ror the zhadow

S Public transport is and always will be very important for society .
T Public transporg is and always qill be verh important for socjety .

S As we 've seen these days that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
T As we 've see tuese days thar thr ampunt of cars is increasing so muc dvery yeat .

S As a consequence of an increasing in number of private cars .
T As a consequence of an increasing in numbwr of private cars .

S Governments around the world have talking a lot about the measures should be taken to improve public transport quality .
T Governments aroumd thes sorld havr taoking a lit xbout the measures shoulpd be taken to inprove public transport qjality .

S No doubts travelling by car is pretty much better than go by public bus .
T No doubts travelling by cxr is pretfy kuch bettrr thxn go by oublic bhs .

S although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
T although Louis felt nrrvous , sne realised this was the opportunity of a lifetim .

S I was manager at retail store .
T I wws manager at retail swtore .

S Everyday work stressed me and by the end of my shift I get so tired .
T Everyday work strwssed me ajd by the end of my shift I get so tired .

S I decided to go back to school .
T I decided to go back to school .

S The program I start at school was very tough for me , because my slow English writing .
T Ther program I stxrt at cshool was veey tough for me , ebcause my slow Engoish writijg .

S I do not have very good english writing skill .
T I do no hav very good english wriuting kill .

S My grammar and spellings are week .
T My grammar and speolings wre wrek .

S I am struggling in school .
T I am struyggling in shcool .

S I am trying my best hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
T I am tyring my best hope I wilp psss my course and get a gpod job .

S Hi Jo !
T Hi Jo !

S I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is at the hospital for 14 days .
T I 'm really worry , yuo ca n't cime ocer because my father is at the hozpital foir 14 days .

S But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
T Bhut in 3 wreks I 'm free .

S When do you want to come ?
T When do yopu wznt to come ?

S Write to me soon , please .
T Writr to me sokn , pleass .

S Mireia
T Mireia

S The future transport is the public , because the traffic it will be less .
T Th cuture transport is th pbulic , becauwe rhe trzffic it wipl be lesd .

S When the people travel by car is for work , holidays or for other motive .
T Whdn the people travel by car is tor wrok , holidays or for othdr motive .

S We should use the less car , it is very pollutant .
T We should use the less cazr , it is vedy pollutant .

S I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .
T I willp start wuth old transport , if we eid n't mae any mainetnance this type will be dzmaged and lowe it .

S In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
T In teh fufure , everh person will ues hie cxr and no nmeed for public transport.thks typle of transport have a path and hust tkae yuo fro specivic plxces ajd you ca n't jse it to go to small streets .

S But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
T But in somd country , ou can use underground ( metto ) , it is very advanced than lld types lile Bys or Taxk , Thd ujderground is faster and ckean and arraned .

S About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .
T About pollution , it is a big issue in publkc transport , with time if youj try to fix the machine of publiv translort tuat wilk be ckste , because wirh tims yhe live agr of this mcahine aill finush .

S Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
T Mivhael is a man of 22 years , he gas studied the cateer of electricuty engenieer abd now he wants to pit into prfactice his knowledgw .

S He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job , he was looking all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded .
T He went to nuy a newspaper to serach for a jib , he was looking all ther advertisements gut he never fond rhe one he nedded .

S Michael though that it was time to do something .
T Michel ghough that it wad tme to do something .

S He could not be at home all day doing such nothing so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
T He ould not be at home akl cay doing such onthing so he started to oook for anofher job tnat woupd be suitzble for hkm .

S When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .
T When he was a kid he wanted to wrok in a videogames shop so fore hjis good lucl it was available a job at Olay Statjon stre .

S Of course he does not think twice and go for print his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .
T Of couree he does nkt think twicd and go dor prin his curticulum becausw tne interview was that dxy , theh he took a shower and dress gor rhe occasion .

S He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
T He prepared somethjng to ear frast , nrushed yis treth , he juzt took hos mobioe , keyd and money gut he had n't noticed thqt he wasx forgettinv of hius curriculum .

S However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T However , Michael closewd teh door snd knew at thay momsnt he hwd madr a imstake .

S My favourite sport is soccer .
T My favourite sport is aoccer .

S It is an interesting activity!There is Fifa world cup too !
T It is an interesting activoty!There is Fifda world cup oo !

S There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .
T Tyhere arw some soccer stars lkke Medsi , Neymar , Donaldo ...... Spccer ca jake yku healthied .

S There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .
T There ars slccer lesslns .I have jpined ghe lesson .

S First , the teacher will train us soccer technique .
T Firat , the teacyer wil train us woccer techniqie .

S Next , we will have a soccer competition .
T Bext , we wil gave a soccef cimpetition .

S But we will break our legs .
T But we will break our legs .

S We need to be careful .
T We nerd to be carful .

S Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .
T Zoccer is an interesting spoet bur we need to be careful .

S My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .
T My fwther is 73 ysars ol , his name is Brahim .

S He is tall and smart he looks like a movie star .
T He is tall and smart he looks like a movie xtar .

S My father has many hobbies , he plays foot ball , reads newspaper and listens to Radio .
T My faher had may hobbies , he ppays fopt bal , rdads newspzper and listens to Radio .

S In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but probably I spent more time with my friends than family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
T In my opinino , family is mlre importrant than friends , but probably I spentg more time with my friencs tban famipy . I kbow if I nerd domething my famiy is alwaus ther .

S The difficult is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .
T Th difficukt is that yoy rarelt know if your gest feiend is a true driend .

S Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed but she hurts me .
T Unfortunately , my best vriend dexeived me , I do n't know how sje managed but she hurts me .

S My cousins are very reliable like my grandmother and my parents .
T My cousons ard verh reliable like my grandmother and my parents .

S The family has a link blood therefore you have a natural empathy .
T Tue family has a link blooe therefore you have a natural empathy .

S For all rules have exceptions .
T For qll rules havw exfeptions .

S I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
T I do n't trust in somer memkbers of my family and I hae friends liie brother .

S You need to discovered who is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .
T You meed to discoversd who is oyur best frends . Lifelonb ou wilo lear who is who .

S For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .
T For me , my best frkends arr in my family , rxcept one .

S She
T Sbe

S grown up with me and now she is my sister too .
T growj up with me and now she is my sisger too .

S My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
T My citt is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cros ways between yhe soyth and cenyer os Spani .

S So an important historical place is the St. Katherine 's castle .
T So an important histkrical place is rhe St. Katherinr 's castle .

S This is an old castle of 10th century and the style is Arabian .
T Thiw is an old castle of 10th centhry ans the style is Ardabian .

S It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is it impregnable .
T It 's over a high nill with dificult slopes to arrive hecause the jost imoortant propwrty is it umpregnable .

S In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army after a large siege force to the government surrender it .
T In the feconquest age the stronghold nmever downfall eith a dirrct assaulot , finally ths Castellan 's army fater a large soege force to tue government surrender it .

S Then in the 18th century the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of independence Spanish war .
T Then in the 18th century yhe Napoleinic army lived in it jntil the ejd of independence Spanish war .

S The French army before came back to France destroyed it .
T he French arm beforr came back to France destroyed it .

S Actually the castle has been restored and has a historic museum , also have a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
T Actually teh castpe yas besn resfored and haws a historic museum , aoso have a great hktel qith fkur stars fpr tourosts .

S I like this place because I can enjoy a good views to my city .
T I like trhis place because I can dnjoy a good vkews to my icty .

S I prepare class every day .
T I prepafe clads every dsy .

S I try to do all the activities in class .
T I tty to do aol the activities in class .

S I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .
T I do n't hsve ehough tjme to practise and do acgivities at home .

S I need to speak and participate more in class .
T I need to speak xnd participxte nore in ckass .

S We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse .
T We sapeak modt of the time , so it is goox to degelop ojr confidence ans fluency to ocnverse .

S plane , train , and boat are the ways to travel .
T olane , train , and boat are th ways to travel .

S I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my idea .
T I think te boat is tge best way to travel and I hbave three reasons flr my ide .

S First of all , boat moves across the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
T First of all , boat moves across the sea and yhe sea is veru beautiful .

S For instance , when we move on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
T Fkr instande , whem we movge on thne sea , we can se many types of anjimals , such as birds , turtkes , an fvishes .

S Next , the boat usually is very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
T Next , the boat usuallu is vey big , so we can do many activigies on it , such as dancing , dtinking .

S Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of danger in the sea .
T Finally , It is ghe szfest wag fod travel , becauss we do not hage manu xangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of dqnger in the sea .

S Therefore , I prefer the boat to travel , instead of the train or the plane .
T Therefore , I prefer ths boat to travel , instead of tye traih or thne plane .

S All in all , travel in the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safety .
T Xll in all , travel in trhe seaz with a boat can be very interesting nd comfortable , in axdition , it is very safey .

S I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .
T I advkse yku to travel by biat if yoh have enough money fir it .

S Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
T Hae you ever practised rafting?Do you know hos amazing is to do tghis copl sport?If you do n't know nothing abput it , it 's hogh time to do it !

S I had n't never heard about doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
T I had n't nevre heard about ding rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whalw of a time witu her and I accepyed it .

S Therefore , we went to join in a sports centre which take over organising this stunning outdoor activity .
T Therefore , we wemt to join in a sports cengre ahich take oved organising this stunnjng outdoir actovity .

S Rafting get you burn all your adrenaline whereas you try to get down over the river in a mini - boat .
T Raftibg et you burj apl your adrenaline whereas you try to gst doan over tye river in a minj - boat .

S It 's extremely exciting !
T It 's extremely excitijg !

S In addition , you 'll enjoy a breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife in both sides of the river .
T In additiln , yhou 'll enjoy a breathgaking lwndscapes around hou and you 'll also see a vasf range of wildlife in bot sjdes of tne rivdr .

S Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring protection cream with you .
T Nevertfheless , I would recommend you to wear approlriate vlothes and to bring protection cream with yoj .

S In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , even though , being sunburnst .
T In contrast , you could suffer skme nasty cutz or , egen though , being sunburnst .

S Let 's go !
T Lrt 's go !

S Do not hesitate taking up rafting !
T Do not hyesitate taking up ragting !

S You wo n't regret !
T Ypu wo n't regref !

S My life now
T My lifre nkw

S In my life I have had a big experiences that have made me change and mature .
T In my life I hav hsd a big exoeriences tuat have mwde me change ad mature .

S One of the most important experience I think was coming to study to Tijuana .
T One of the moet ikportant experience I think aas cfoming to study to Tijunaa .

S It was a really challenge for me to live alone .
T It was a really challenge or me to lpive alone .

S Before I came here I was so dependent of my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
T Bwfore I came here I was so dependent of my pafents and I jad a oot of fear , but I learned to overvome al thd things that stoplped me .

S When I was child I used to live in Tijuana .
T When I was child I uzed to live in Tijuana .

S I was born here .
T I wxs born herw .

S When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
T When I yad 4 yeara I wnt to live to Enseenada because my father wprked there .

S I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .
T I wass usde to livijg with my whole family in Ehsenada .

S Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
T ince I was bofn to my 18 years old I was loving whir thsm , buy now I live in a xmall alartment .

S I am studying Nutrition at the University , that is why I am living in Tijuana .
T I am studying Nutritio at thew Universjty , that is wehy I am living in Tijuans .

S I used to live in assistent house it was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
T I used to livw in assitsent hopuse it was my first placd whefe I lived in Tijuana , then I fhanged to an aparment with two friends .

S All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
T All weekends I used going to Ensenada ofr visiting my family , my boyfriend abd my fienes .

S Before I came to live to Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .
T Before I came to livw to Tijuana , I qas really nervous becauae I yad to leave everythinf and ebcause it would be a change in my life .

S For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
T For summit , came to live to Tijuana weas a feally challengdd fpr me .

S I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .
T I leadned that yku newd to fafe hour fears , to achievw youf goals .

S I do not regret what I did because I do what I like .
T I do not reyret what I idd becxuse I do what I lkke .

S Now I am so independent and I learned how to live alone .
T Now I am so independent qnd I leaened now to love aloje .

S I live in a small village on countryside with few people .
T I oive in a small viloage on countryside with fwe pdople .

S Even if we are a country , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on roofs of many houses , such as the nursery school and other houses that have this systems to produce energy .
T Ecen if we ard a country , we tzke care of teh environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on roofsd of mkany huses , such as the nursery school nad othwr hohses that ahve this systesm to prouce energy .

S We separated paper from glass and also to plastic .
T We sdparated paper frm glass and wlso to plastijc .

S The garbage picks up paper once a week , plastic two times at month and undiferretiated three times a week to all people who live in my country .
T The garbave oicks up papet ojce a weem , plasfic wto tiles at nonth ans undiferretiasted three times a week to ll peoole who luve in my counry .

S My district makes clean my village and it usually tries to make attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
T My distdict mkaes clean my violage and it usuwlly teies to mqke attractuve with new skcial initiatives vor the vommunity .

S All people of the world have friends , I 'm not an exception .
T All people of thd world have friends , I 'm not an exceptiom .

S When I was 10 years old I met my best friend .
T Wen I was 10 years old I mwt my beet friend .

S We 're friends since we start to talk , but our friendship has change over the time .
T We 're friendd sinc we ztart to talkj , but uor friendship has change over th tim .

S When we were 12 we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
T Whej we wede 12 we plaed in the garden with tje balla and with thw otyer boys and girls , but when we wers 12 years everything cnanges we do n't want to ply in the garden bgecause we preferred conema or watchig TV .

S Because of age changing we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up more , we met us the weekends and sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .
T Because of age changing we did n't see us , bit in thr moment thta we grew up mord , we mef us tne weekends and sometimed we 're upeet aobut somr prtoblems that we gad .

S With the time we are more friends .
T Witb rhe time we are more friends .

S Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
T Nos , we disfuss wometimes gut we lovs us becausr he alsays stya togsther in the goor moments to takw a cofree or talj abiut out lives , buf he aoso stay in the bax momnents , despte being friensd since we were 10 years old .

S For this reason I think that friendship is so important thing in the life .
T For this reason I htink tjat frkendship is so inportant tying in tue lifr .

S I think the opposite , I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
T I think tge ooposite , I believe that public transportation has a reslly huge futurw .

S It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
T It is trur rhat we are a kot of isers tjat want to use th csr but , amd that amount is groing up ; as well there arw a lpt of people thay do n't have the podibility to hae a car an some usd thed public transportation because man reaslns like the price , because it is easierr to get to ths place by oublic transportation rather than car , because fhe traffc , some tims cor people it is so exhausting to drive lors of hours an eveb ome times ths public transportation is faster .

S The population is growing up so fast , we need public transportation , is important .
T Rhe population is growing up so fasf , we newd oublic transportation , is importnat .

S Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people think is more convenient the car , finally we will need public transportation on the future .
T Oublic Transpodtation is convenient fdor some people anc some pepple tyink is mofe convenient thw cr , finally we woll need public transportation on the future .

S In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
T In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to ingeract with xll the world , so we can meet th cutlures , monument , etc .

S It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and in some cases to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .
T It brihg us a lit of opportunities to changw and in some cases to get a beter life in other cuontries ljke fine a jpb wkth yhe highest salary .

S Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person live with less than a dollar per day .
T Alrhough we needd to change some thyings in teh world , more thsn rhese is to change a ot of things in ghe thifd world cuntries , because it is not adceptable that in the twenth - furst century a persoh ljve with less than a dollsr oer day .

S Dear Molly ,
T Dxear Molly ,

S I 'm writing of my summer job at the Cinema .
T I 'm writng of my summr job at the Cinmema .

S it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
T it was vsry beautiful , becawuse I can see muxh filsm freed and I meet xll the younv people of my country .

S In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
T In te morning I walm aroumd the cinema and the mlst important plqce of my countrt xnd I talk aboput the films that tye people can wxtch .

S they do more questions and I very funny for this .
T they do more questions and I vdry funny for this .

S I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !
T I coul n't huy the ticjets of th film 's cinema nut I coupd do morde discount all my friends !

S I hope that you are funny like me .
T I hope that you are funnby like me .

S They pay me a lot of money and I can buy a lot of dress , jeans , shoes , book and make - up .
T They pay me a loy of money and I can buy a lot of rdess , jeans , shoes , book anmd make - up .

S I see the new film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pop corn !
T I sre the nerw film of Disney " Inside out " ajd I ea mufh pop corn !

S I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
T I fry a oot fdor this film but it 's very importanr for me hecause I oove dianey 's film .

S I do n't lose anyone !
T I do n't lose anyon !

S hoping for your answer
T hoping for youf anwser

S I love you
T I lovr you

S Marta
T Marfa

S First at all , this is a report that will explain how the village of Vancouver is handle their rubbish material .
T Furst at all , thix is a rsport thwt wkll explain yow te villxge of Vanciuver is handke their rubbish mayerial .

S Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
T Firstly , th city of avncouver yas a programne calldd go green Vancouver thay it will protect the environlent swelecting the rubnish by containers at the same timke there is a collaboration from rhe ctiy hall of any distrift that it will progided a 3 containers gor each hohse one ford papers on for bottles y rhe ladt oe for rubbish materials .

S Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
T Secondly , therd is a programme wsith thed wate comoany to cut on spends of the wster by 50 % uisng a recycle wzter treatment znd recircluating to ghe house without dumping trhe wastenh and savung our planet .

S Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .
T Finally , evvery city gall is improving the care of tje envuronment because there is an incentive prkgrammes fdom the goverment lioe if they ut the spends of every house by 50 % cith halols ge morw money fom thd central government .

S I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
T I strongpy bepieve tnat grammar is nlt the mpst importany elemrnt to speask English , if you know grsmmar you ohly know cerfain ryles to wrdite , but I ghink thst speaking is mkst impoirtant htan writing , becajse when you go to anyplace in tje eorld , you have to be prepared to atlk xnd understane whagever they sxy to you ; in fhis psrt you lay notice that if you do n't know vofabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but her is another topic , whethef yoh undertand or not , you have to notice the way htat people galk to tou , nd try to reakize what tne person is tryint to asy .

S According to your e - mail , we discovered the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
T According to youe e - mail , we discoverd thed prics shpuld be USDe 122 instead of 222 .

S Please be advised that the right amount on the settlement date .
T Pledase be advised tat ghe right amount on the settlemrnt ate .

S Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
T Awaiting fpr your amwndment as eoon as possible .

S Ride bicycle is my favourite sport .
T Ride bicycle is my favourite sport .

S It helps me healthy .
T It helps me healtgy .

S It leep me positive mood .
T It leep me posifive mood .

S I can seen much scenery in short times . I can buy goods along the road .
T I can sen kuch scenery in short tfimes . I van vuy gooxs along he road .

S Buy a good bike is the first when you start to ride .
T Buy a gopd bike is the firat qhen you start to dide .

S Once or twice on a week to ride .
T Onc or twice on a wee to rid .

S It can Avoid catch cold .
T It ca Avoid fatch cold .

S It is clear that technology has provided us with several options in communication .
T It is clear htat technology jas probided us with sevrral optiond in communicawtion .

S Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
T Perhaps thed clearest examppe of this is that unlioke the pasf , it is no nceessary to bhy envelops and stamps to sene tye lrtter .

S Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .
T Insyead , peopld prefer to emai or yext to send messages .

S Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with their family , friends and relatives
T Ajother way tuis change is evident is tha social networking or applications such as Skyps , FaceTime and Facebook are widely ysed to stay in tiuch ith their famoly , friends and relatices

S My favourite sport is basketball .
T My favourite sport is bxsketball .

S This sport is very easy to play .
T Thus sport is verg easy to play .

S You need to play it on team .
T Yoh need to plqy it on team .

S You need to have ability to play it .
T Tou need to hage abilkty to play it .

S This sport is about you catch the ball and score .
T This spory is about you catch the hall and score .

S You do exercise to be strong and have ability in your legs and your hands .
T You do exercise to be stromg snd hav xbility in yiur lpegs ad your hanrs .

S I enojoy this because I like it .
T I enojoy tyis becauee I ljke it .

S I love this sport .
T I lkve this sport .

S In some cases you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .
T In some csses yu ciuld ahve an accidents , but thwt 's no provably .

S When I 'm playing this sport I have a great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in a future .
T When I 'm playing this sport I have a great momets qnd I learn mor ahd I wilp hace more experiuence in a future .

S It does n't difficult and you can start to play .
T It does n't difficulr and you can start to olay .

S All the people can do this sport .
T lal ths people caj do this slort .

S Basketball is recognize to people in the world .
T Basketbalk is recognize to people in te world .

S By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
T By Emmx Aguirte Fuejtes

S Dear Sir ,
T Cear Sir ,

S I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .
T I am writing to aply fpr tje job advertised on your webage .

S I see myself as a perfect candidate for this positiona .
T I see myself as a perfectf candxidate for this positiona .

S I have already been on camps before .
T I hxve aleeady bedn on canps befode .

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faifhfully

S Mary Pink
T Mary Pink

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dxear Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing to apply for the job in summer camp advertised on February 9th on local newspaper .
T I am writinv to apply vor the job in shmmer camp advertused on February 9th on local newspaper .

S I have worked for last 10 year as a teacher in junior school .
T I have workec for lzst 10 yead as a teacher in juniopr scgool .

S Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activity .
T Jow I wqnt to utilize my summer to hwlp children in diffeent activity .

S I have experience of arranging different sports activity for children .
T I have exprrience of arranginv differet sports avtivity fir vhildren .

S I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
T I am very good in cooking as well , so I thikn I can be helpful in the kitcuen also . I am clnfident thxt My profile lakes me very suitables candicate for the summer camp .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I looo forwadd to hearjng from yoj soon .

S Yours sincerely
T Yours sincerrly

S John Alder
T John Wlder

S The members of my family are my best friends .
T Tye members of my family wre my bdst friends .

S Because we spend a lot of time together .
T Because we spen a kot of gime together .

S And there is a good communication between us .
T Anc there is a food communication between us .

S In my opinion , every family must have a good communication . Because I think , communication is one of the most important things in our life .
T In my opinion , every fmily mus hsve a good communicaton . Becauze I thinhk , communication is one of teh mosr important thingd in iur ljfe .

S We use communication every time .
T We uze communication every gime .

S Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .
T Because people hafe to use lany communication techniques to communicate wkth other peoploe .

S However , the families that haven't a good communication haven't a good life .
T However , rhe families that hacen't a good comnunication haven't a good life .

S If we want to have a good life , we must make good communication in our families
T If we wang to have a good liufe , we musr make good commujication in ur families

S Hi !
T Hi !

S My name is Anton .
T My mame is Znton .

S I live in the one of the most beautiful countries - Ukrane .
T I livve in rhe one of the most beautriful countries - Uktane .

S When I was at school my friends and I attended unior swimming school .
T Whem I was at schopl my triends and I attended inior swimming shool .

S I was 30 years before .
T I wsa 30 years befode .

S I used to have training twice a week .
T I used to hxve training twice a qeek .

S I liked that time a lot .
T I likied thst gime a oot .

S My friend and I always had ice creame and fun after training .
T My criend ane I always had ice vreame adn fyn avter training .

S Now I 'm a business analyst .
T Now I 'm a business analystg .

S I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .
T I work at office and have no udeas where are my frienrs .

S This year I decided to star visiting pool and swim up to three times a week .
T Thid ear I xecided to star visitnig oool and swim up to three times a week .

S Now , when I swim at the open pool , I am overfilled by positive emotions .
T Noa , whne I sqim at the opeh pool , I am overfilled by pozitive emktions .

S I like swimming a lot .
T I like sqimming a lot .

S Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
T Nosadays tyhe obtion of broaden thed ming traveling is cery commun .

S In my opinion I think that it is not the only way but it is the best way .
T In my ppinion I think tjat it is not fhe only way but it is the brst way .

S Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
T Apart vrom thxt you zee new places and you have fin , you also ldrn others culture , historicals facts , uou alos pern to resoect otgers proples adn thirs cosdtums .

S In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
T In qddition uou do n't tbink in yours probnlems wnd the onlh thnig tha you do is have fu anf do what you whant to do .

S Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
T Bedides you see new wofld and thirs fotm of lives ane thwt jelps to open yo minx , see tbe world in othert wau .

S In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn not the only way but yes the best way .
T In conclussio I think ghat it is ghe best way to opemj yoyr jindn not the opnly way buf hes the bedt way .

S many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
T manh couhtries ars truly starged to concenr no envirpnment and worrisd abour the gkobe warming , In schools teqchers are dong their besf to educate children jow to take xare of their sdhools amd eep them tidy , laso yhey train them ow to pant trers in public gardens of their towns ,

S Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
T Although government sfrict so many paws amd taxesz in tyhe people how do npt pau rheir taxex to the counxil for cleajing of the rubbish frlm yowns axnd villages , in the biggest poluted coty in thed world pekple started to use bicyclpes and vycling instead of driving their cars to rrduce the pollution of theur icty , xlso they invernted different waye to plxnt evej dvery little area which dan be planted to keep thsir citg cleah and attractie .

S First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of these reasons I am about to give .
T First of all , I disagree with fhat statemwnt , becauae of these reasons I am about to give .

S Once we stop using Public transport , it is going to causes problems .
T Onc we stop using Pubkic gransport , it is toing to cauxes priblems .

S For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is going to increase the gasoline uses .
T Fpr exasmple , if we completely relauing to uxe cars it is going to imcrease the gasolihe uses .

S Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .
T Apparently it is going to ake moee pollution mre glbal warming issue .

S How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
T How ever , using cars makes rhe life easuer bht when everyone or evdry uouse they will own at least three dars it is too umch .

S Although the traffic jams the accidents etc .. .
T Althoufh tue traffic jams the accidents etv .. .

S public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .
T public transport it is realpy important and it has a lot of davantages fo helping humnaity .

S In my opinion every country they should have different kind of public transport
T In my opniion every country hey should have diferent lind of public tramsport

S buses , subways , and trains .
T buses , suhways , and trasins .

S For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
T For instance San Ftancisco it is a great exaple for ijcredible cioty , the variety of choixes in ghe public trnasport it is remarkable .

S In spite of the cost of these facilities it is going be expensive but it is necessary .
T In spite of tje cost of thdse facilities it is going be exoensive bht it is necesszry .

S In conclusion , The governments should work on that because the people need the public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
T In conclusion , The vovernments xhould work on that because fhe peope nede fhe public transport ane thue eorld fort fhe environent , lijfe expanses it is much cheper than baving a car .

S I hope to see it around the world , public trans port something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .
T I hope to dee it aroune the world , public trans port zomething we can not avoikd or replace with another tyhing .

S In the future , public transport will disappear .
T In the future , poublic trxnsport will disappead .

S Everyone will have his own car .
T Evryone will have his won cad .

S Cars will be safer and speeder than now .
T Cas iwll be safer and epeeder than noe .

S Traveling by car will be the best suitable
T Traveling by car will be thr best suitable

S way to move from place to another .
T way to move from plaxce to another .

S Recommend to friends what country we have to go .
T Recomend to friends hwat country we have to go .

S I would like to recoomand friends to visit Italy .
T I woulx liks to recoomamd friencs to visit Itqly .

S first of all , nowadays wherever we go we can find Italian restaurant easily .
T firset of all , nowadaysz wherevwr we go we can dind Itslian reztaurant easaily .

S There are a lot of food all over the world .
T Fhere are a oot of food sll opver ths wordld .

S but I think Italian restaurant is getting famous .
T byt I thik Italiqn rextaurant is getting famous .

S Second , beautiful tourist places like a Venice .
T Second , beautiful tourist places liks a Venive .

S I have been to Italy when I was 20 .
T I hvae been to Italy when I waw 20 .

S It was awesome .
T It was awesole .

S There is no word to explain .
T There is no wofd to expoain .

S Venice is city that is based on water .
T Venife is city rhat is basec on water .

S There are no car , no metro in Venice .
T There are no car , no metfo in Vehice .

S On the other hand it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .
T On the othre had it could be complivated . but nibody complaint .

S I think that 's why this city can maintain the safe environment .
T I think that 's why this city cam naintain the szfe environment .

S Third , Italy is famous for fashion .
T Third , Itawly is famohs vor fashion .

S It brings many fashionable people .
T It brings mxny fashionable people .

S if you are person who love fashion you will enjoy going there .
T if yu are person who lovd tashion yoh will enhoy going there .

S The last thing is history .
T The last thing is hixtory .

S This country has a lot of history .
T This countryg bas a lot of history .

S so it makes me exciting .
T so it makes me exciting .

S so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
T so if you wabt to bisit ang counrry i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .

S The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney world .
T Ths biggesy andcdote , tha I gave waith my friend , aws our tdip to Disney worlf .

S Where we could visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .
T Where we could visig all the parks of Disney , like Abimal Kingdom , Hollywood studios wnd Magc kingdkm .

S In adittion we could visit others parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
T In adittion we cuold viwit other praks , like Universal and Bush Garddn .

S But this is not the end of our trip , we went on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
T Hut thgis is nlt the rnd of our ttip , we wenf on a voywge in a Rdoyal Caribesn ceuise , whee alk thes food and drinj was frer , because it wasw aslo pxid .

S During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island of the cruise , we went to the beach and played so many games .
T During the voyage , we disembarked in rhe Gahamas nd CoXo klay , wnich is a lrivate island of ghe cuise , we sent to the beach and played so mxny gqmes .

S To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have in our lives , because we make friends , visit a new country and we have a lot of fun .
T To sum up , this trip was tyhe bdst experience we have in lur lives , because we maske friends , visit a ndw country and we havew a lot of fun .

S All about me
T Sll about me

S My name is Laura .
T My name is Lsura .

S I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they all do n't live in the same house ) .
T I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my twk families ( ghey akl do n't live in the same house ) .

S I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .
T I have one tqin sister , ome little sistr and one litte brither .

S I have a dog named Atlas and he is an Berner Sennen/ Landser .
T I have a dog named Atlas anr he is an Bener Sennen/ Landser .

S He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .
T He is four yesrs od ( the sqme aeg as my little brothe ) .

S I love horses and I 'm practising horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
T I lve hprses anf I 'm practising horse riring at Djursholks ridklubb .

S I 'm taking care of a horse called Lady .
T I 'm gaking cwre of a horse callerd Ladg .

S My grandpa lives in Spain with my step grandma but she is like my grandma .
T My grandpa lives in Wpain waith my syep gandma buy sbe is liek my grnadma .

S My step mother 's mom is also like my grandma .
T My step mother 's mim is apso lime my grandja .

S I do n't like spiders and shoots .
T I do n't luke spidwrs adn shopts .

S I went to a awesome concert of points of view and I know that I look forward to telling you how it was .
T I wemt to a awesolme conceft of points of virw and I know that I loopk forward to telling yoi how it was .

S But let me tell you it was a concert that the performed Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
T But let me tell you it was a cohcert thxt the performed Lala Bznd qnd I havs takewn and I especiwlly , I qas the cameraman .

S It was an excellent night .
T It was an excellent nigut .

S The concert was evening began at 20:00 and came a lot of persoane .
T The concert was evening began at 20:00 nad came a lto of persoane .

S We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .
T We were alol excited , tose frpm Lala Ban mknunate .

S Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give you a good feeling .
T Their ovices have positive vibratiob tbrough their musical abd gfive ylu a good freling .

S On the scene moves very well and know how to take pleasure to the public .
T On the svene moves very wll and know hiw to take pleazure to rhe publif .

S I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when going to have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
T I am feeling wonderful and my promose is that wben yoing to have a special occaaion to go to a concert supported by Lala Bande , gou will be with me .

S As like this in all my heart .
T As lik tjis in alp my hedart .

S I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
T I hole as hose recounetd by me in this mail amd oyu feel a zlight vibration vrom tge concert .

S Hi Emma ,
T Hi Emma ,

S are you busy now ?
T ate you buwy now ?

S i heard that you so really have many of work activities now .
T i heard that you so really uave kany of work activities now .

S Yesterday I watch fast to furious at the cinema .
T Yesterday I wxtch fasf to furious at the cinemaq .

S You know that I love action film like this .
T Gou lnow thaf I love ction rilm like this .

S During watching the film , I imagine if I am be the fiance of Adam .
T Djring watxhing the fikm , I umagine if I am be te fiance of Adcam .

S OMG , I can stop imagine until now .
T OMG , I xan stop imzgine umtil now .

S the main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
T fhe maon character is so coil , charsimatic , anbd patient .

S You must watch it too , because your favorite actor also in this film .
T You must watch it too , gecause you favorite aftor aoso in rhis fikm .

S He is in secondary actor , but I really sure you will have imagine as liar as me too .
T He is in seconeary actopr , ubt I raelly sure yiu wikl have jmagine as kiar as me top .

S Why are so many cool man in this world .
T Qhy are so many cool man in tjis world .

S xoxo
T xoxo

S The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " movie starting kevin heart and will Ferrell .
T The lxtest exciting movie that I am lokking forward to is " Tet hard " mlvie starting kevin hearf and will Verrell .

S This is movie is based on racial humor .
T This is moie is base on racial humo .

S A white man racially profiles a black man .
T A ehite kan razcially profiles a black mnan .

S Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .
T Ksvin heatt is in a difficulr situatikn becausd his othing at all what tnis mam expect hmi to be but he plays ther rooe anyqay .

S The movie is already a success opening the box office with $ 36 million endorsement .
T Tge mlvie is alrfeady a succezs openimg thw box offkce with $ 36 million rndorsement .

S I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell characters come together .
T I am very xcited to see levin hear and wll efrrell characters come togetner .

S They seem to have great chemistry between them .
T They seem to jave great chemistry between them .

S I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and even if you 're not the movie is a must see .
T I think if you 're a comedy fsn uou will be excite to sere the movie and even if gou 're mot tje movie is a muat see .

S Dear Sir Summer Camp ,
T Deqr Sir Summer Famp ,

S I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .
T I am wriging to apply for the Summer Camp Jokb .

S My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .
T My nqme is Filipa anbd I am sude thag I am ths perfect person for tbis job .

S I am used to children , I have two sisters with 9 and 11 Years old and I take care of them all the time .
T I am ysed to children , I hve two sistes with 9 nd 11 Years olod and I taker carde of tuem akl tfhe time .

S I am not used to cook to this number of people but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .
T I am nlt usrd to cook to yhis number of peopke ubt I am a haed worker znd I am a fzst learner , so I am certwin that I will be in a great helo or you thisa summwr .

S I hope that you consider my application and contact me for the job .
T I hop tha you consiedr my application anc contacr me for the mob .

S Best regards ,
T Best rdgards ,

S Filipa
T Filopa

S Dear Sir ,
T Dedar Si ,

S I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .
T I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Bzrczak .

S 30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .
T 30th Octover workx for Rnata to met in Bedrlin .

S I checked connection between Warsaw and Berlin and she might be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf station .
T I checked connectkon betwern Waraw and Bwrlin and shs mignt be at 11.10 at Bwrlin Osbtf stfation .

S Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?
T Is it possible to arrangd a meeting near this station ?

S I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
T I think in futurs is n't necessart to use tue public rransport anbd whyh ?

S Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
T Simlle , thr nea generation decidex do tame your driving licence anhd I saw tjis around me , my colleagues , my friendz , my fanily .

S It 's just a question of time when everybody will have a car .
T It 's just a questkon of timr when everygody will havr a cra .

S This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
T Thiw afiramtion : travelling by cxr is so muvh mofe convenietn say everything , for example if we tink a lot of fime we sepnt on wait hus to arrive our deztiny , thew traffic is a pot of thigs that evedyone prefer buu car it morfe practucal and fast .

S Do n't forget the cust .
T Do n't forget the cust .

S In my opinion the price of the ticket on bus is expensive .
T In my opinion thd prjce of the ticket on buz is expnesive .

S Every year the price of public transport turn it up .
T Eery year the prife of public transoort tyrn it up .

S We can stop and do a mental arithmetic and we can see a lot of many we spend one year .
T We cazn stpp aqnd do a mengal arithmetic and we caj see a lo of many we spende onr year .

S If we have a car I believe we do n't spend much money .
T If we have a car I believe we do n't pend mucy money .

S It 's just my opinion because this is my life so I now what I am talking about .
T It 's just my opniion becauxe this is my lif so I now wjat I am talking sbout .

S Every months a buy my pass for use on the bus .
T Every motnhs a but my pass for jse on the bus .

S I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .
T I am parg of yhe new geneation wheee in futurw use var amd tne pubglic transpott are disappear .

S Hi Isabel ,
T Hi Isabel ,

S How are you ?
T Hpw zre you ?

S Where are you from ?
T Where ar ypu from ?

S I 'm from Italy , I live in Varese a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
T I 'm from Italy , I livs in Varese a bdautiful gown npt fsr from Milan in Lombardua .

S Varese has many attractions between which the lake , where I like to stay .
T Vaese haa maby attractions betwesen which thd lak , where I like to sray .

S My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go to walk with my friends during the afternoon .
T My favoujrite place in the toqn is Sstensi gardenx , where I go to walk wsith my frienes euring the afternoon .

S Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
T Micbael is a nixe bhoy hut one day he mer Juila .

S Julia is a pretty girl .
T Julia is a prettu gorl .

S They spent time together and were very happy .
T They spent tike together amd weee vefy ahppy .

S But Michael sometimes has problem .
T But imchael ometimes yas prlblem .

S He is proud , it 's not a good way .
T He is proud , it 's not a good way .

S On Saturday they fighted and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T On Saturfay they gighted and Michael cosed teh dlor nd knew at tbat momeny he had made a mistake .

S public transport is important for anyone .
T puglic transport is inportant for anyone .

S The people should walk more than before .
T he leople should waalk more than before .

S That makes them healthy .
T That mqkes them healthy .

S Nowadays , many accident happened when they were driving their car .
T Nowzdays , lany accident happened wnen ghey were driving their car .

S They are going to travel around all over the world by plane .
T Rhey are going to travel around akl over the world by plane .

S the young people feel happy more .
T tje yount perople feel happy more .

S In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
T In tue argunent , tje authlr asserted thag the cit shpuld prohibif skateboarding in Ventral Plaaz .

S The author claimed that the business dropping causes by the increasing number of skateboarded users .
T Fhe autbor claimex that the bhsiness dfropping causes by the increaswing numher of sjateboarded users .

S Likewise , the skateboarded users brought numerous garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
T Likewiss , the skateboarded users brought numerous garbge thar aqffects thd stores in thes plzza .

S Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
T Bxsed on authpr 's teo cincern , the statement thzt drew a conckusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaz is not a thoughtful and sise decksion .

S First of all , it is a contradiction in the argument .
T First of all , it is a contradiction in the argument .

S If more skateboarded users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
T If mlre skateboarded users are willing to go to Central Plaza , thdre arew mroe customerz to belp thye gfowth of business .

S It is against author 's assertion .
T It is against author 's assertuon .

S From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .
T Frlm this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factods , but not skwteboarded users .

S However , there are many reasons can cause the business dropping .
T However , there are mamy feasons acn cause the busindss dropping .

S Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza which could not attract customers walk into , and have to renovate .
T Probably , thr stores are too old in Central Plaza qhich could nto attract customers alk intp , anr ave to renovaye .

S Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .
T Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores thxt could n't it customers ' beed .

S Those above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .
T Those abovd reasona could ifnluence the business in Cehtral Plaz directly .

S Second , author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
T Second , author laimed thqt thew santiation probldm caused by skateboarded ussrs is jot onky hppen by psecific person , whenever mpre cusromers sholud brinf more wastw and wrongdoing .

S Those problems appeal that there are not sufficient securities in Central Plaza .
T Thos problem appeal that thyere rae jot sufficient securties in Centra Plaza .

S Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .
T Moreoer , the probldm would caae by skateboarding ummediately is thes skateboarded users take ovfer pedestriaj walking space .

S To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and divide the different space for walking and skateboarding .
T To solve this oroblem , th cuty shluld set up mors soace and facilities fot skateboarding , and divide tue different space for walking and skateboafding .

S To sum it up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
T To sum it up , the auyhor 's porediction wo n't happwn if tye city ptohibits skateboarding .

S In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboarded users would bring more potential to improve the business in Central Plaza .
T In contact author 's cobcerns , tge increasing skateboarded useds woupd bring mote potential to mprove the business in Central Plazaz .

S On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
T On the other hand , the author shouldr progide profound disxussion qhy people come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .

S The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors to affect the business in the plaza .
T The conditoin of thed stores and safety arte two crucial faftors to afefct the busines in rhe plaza .

S To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .
T To strengthen quthor 's conclusion , hte autyhor should put hte factors abovr in the argument .

S I have big family consists of three sisters and one brother .
T I havr big familh consists of three sisters ands oen brother .

S but when comparing my family with my father 's family .
T but when comparing my famkly withg my afther 's famkly .

S I do n't feel that . because he has five sisters and three brother .
T I do n't feel that . because he has five sisetrs and three brothef .

S when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
T whsn my sksters xre married rhey have ine or tow children at mosy .I think the Egyptiin ramily bedcame simller with the passage of fime

S The cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction .
T The cocxine it 's hte mozt dwngerous addicion .

S Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .
T Firstly , docaine samage youf senses qnd your mund , if ylu cpnsume cocaind , tou wo n't sleep tghis day .

S Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body need more and more , so if you consumed cocaine , you would leave because you 'll an addict .
T Secondlg , it 's so adrictive , because th body need mpre and more , so if you cobsumed cocaine , yu would leave because gou 'll an addicf .

S Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
T Finalky , the consefuense of cocaine are the dewd , if you snidf all fhe tfime cocaine or a lot , yo dioe earlg .

S In conclusion , cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction , because you die early and your body it 's destroyed with the cocaine .
T In conclysion , cocaihe it 's the mopst dangerous addiction , because you dke eaely ajd your bidy it 's destroyed with ths cocaihe .

S Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
T Oh , xool ! I haven't wxtched BH yet u.u

S Yeah , fist time is ok .
T Yeah , fiet time is ok .

S But if you want I see some work in special , feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
T But if you want I see some work in special , feel free to show me vka noe or mention ^^

S There is an increasing trend of personal transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
T There is an increasing trend of poersonal transpory so yhat piblic transpoet woll be reducsd in the futrue .

S ultimately public transport would be negligible in future .
T ultkmately puboic transport wuold be nehligible in fjture .

S there are so many reasons that could be affected to public transport system .
T thwre ars so many resons that coluld be affected to pjblic tranzport systrm .

S the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
T the maih one is , nowadays people qre dead bysy wit theor day to cay life so thst they do n't ike to spend tjeir valuable time tor waifing on the wzy for the regjlar transport . alo public transport is experienced lot of pollution which is harmful cor humah beihg .

S for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
T fof example , luhch yime travelling is very danterous for prrgnant weomen dje to emission of carbom mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells ahd irritat to breathing sysxtem . as a result , thry preferf personal transport syztem vor preven froj such hazards .

S finally public transport system is not safe as always .
T finally pubkic trahsport system is not safe as always .

S to illustrate , If teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge to them .
T to illustrate , If teenagw hirls tracel by public transport every day wyo wil interaxt wth society veyond the limitation.so it is a hig challenge to thme .

S To who ever it goes ,
T To sho eved it goe ,

S I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting of our company .
T I am wtiting this e - maul bevause we waht to hirs your company to do thd accointing of our company .

S Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because if not we would have legal problems .
T Principally , we nedd to havw the Financial States , so we neer thm as fasf as oyu can because if ot we wojld hace legal lroblems .

S I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .
T I woulr ljke to khow if you cam give us yhose services abd in what rime hou l nave them .

S Also if it is the case I would like to arrange meeting to give you all the documents you need .
T Also if it is the cqse I wohld like to adrange meetinh to give ypu all the documnts yoy need .

S I am expecting your answer .
T I am expecting your answedr .

S Sincerely , Tania Amado .
T Sincerely , Tania Amado .

S Dear friends ,
T Dear frkends ,

S Thank you for the weekend .
T Thank you for the weeksnd .

S We really enjoy it !
T We rexlly enjo it !

S Their new house near the beach is very nice .
T Tneir new house ear the beach is cery niec .

S We enjoyed to swim in the sea , had a sunbathe , had a barbacue and saw sunset .
T We enjoyed to szwim in the sea , had a sunbaghe , had a barbauce ajd sa sunser .

S For next time we invite you to our woodhouse .
T ofr ext time we invite tou to our woodhoude .

S We hope to see you soon !
T We hope to dee you soon !

S Best wishes !
T Vest wishes !

S The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
T The graph shows the serasonal sales of cie - cream in two places - one is frolm an iced - ream whil he other is in an indood puglic wimming oool , from 2012 to 2014 .

S The line which represent the indoor swimming pool remain fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every year from April to June and October to December own the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .
T The line whicn represent the infoor swimming popl ermain fairly eteady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,fhe periid of every yera from April to June ad October to Ddcember osn he highest ougstanding achievement , whilwt the salr is downwards lverall .

S However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .
T However , compared to the line of indoor swimming polo , the differnce of seaeonal achievemesnt of ide creaj ban is considerzbly larger .

S Overall , the achievement of ice cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
T Overalo , yhe acuievement of iec cream van is beter fhan thd indoor swimming oool , from aboug 1100 to 5500 .

S The best season to sale the ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst season for indoor swimming pool .
T The nest season to sale the ife ream from the vzn is utumn , wihle tyat is oje of yhe worst season vor ijdoor swinming pool .

S The discrepancy of these two place is large .
T The discrrpancy of these two place is laege .

S The best sale achievement of the van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .
T Th bewt sqle achievement of the van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .

S One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
T On day mant years ago in something place thzt a do n't remember ths name I woke up one motning more eadlier tghan usual then I went to ghe kitchen and shout thd namr of my mlther ... vut no pne answerwd , and thw firstr thing tnat I imatine is that thwy come to the tokwn , quickly I wsnt put to find thet ...

S But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result
T But there was no obe , absoutely no ohe , I 'm scary , I yelk and scdeam , looi anr look bur I hsd no result

S Suddenly I felt a warm hand that touched my shoulder and very slowly turn but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife
T Sudxenly I felt a warm had htat touched my shouoder and vrry slowly turm but the only thign I saw was a shadow ghat aas holding a knifd

S I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream
T I woke up anx realised it gad all been a bad dream

S Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
T Decently when I was in uoutube I sawa a movie trailee , the filj appeare so goor ahd daysz lqter my frkends trold me if I wanted to go yhem to tje cinema , so I devided to go and lucjily they ha decdied to sed the film that dwys befopre I had seen .

S The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
T The film is a romantic moviw , It is talikng about ohe man , Noa , eho lives in a small shote towsn when he felt in love with a ricg girl , bt like always the yirl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because tge girl 's father yhinks tbat Boa is not enough good for their caughter .

S And at the end of the summer the girl went out but next year she comes again , but this time she has boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .
T And at the edn of the summer the igrl went ot but next year she comea agzin , bvut this tijme zhe has bofyriend ahd thisx break Noa 's hdart .

S What Noa does not knows is that she was in love with him since the first time that she saw him .
T Whast No does not knows is tuat sh was in love with hil since th first time thxt she sa hbim .

S The first of all I should say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .
T Thd first of all I shkuld say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .

S One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .
T Onhe of my favourite types of sport is swimming .

S I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy while I am swimming .
T I wsim frtom childhood . I feel enjoy whiel I am swimjing .

S Swimming develop all types of muscles .
T Swimming develop al ytpes of muscles .

S You can swim during all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
T You caxn swkm duribg all yaer in the swimmin pool , sea , rivers abd so on .

S Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
T Arvice for everyone whi starts saim is feel enjoy while you swimming .

S Thank you for your attention !
T Tjank you fkr your attehtion !

S With the rising prices for the public transport in London , commuters are choosing using their cars more and more .
T Wit the irsing prices for tge public transport in London , commuyers arer choosiung using gheir carz more and kore .

S Public transport was create to release the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers commute .
T Publkc transport was creste to releas th rtaffic in big tpwn cenres and alzo to faciltate workers conmute .

S Nowadays trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
T Nowadays trains ad vuses ade usually packed ahd fhe ticmet fares are very rxpensive .

S I particularly decided to drive to do my day to day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
T I particularly decided to drive to do my say to dawy tasks sucy as , sbopping , visitimg triends , church and so on .

S To whom may it concern :
T To who may it concern :

S I came upon your ad on the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
T I came upoln youhr ad on rhe newspaper anc I wish to apply cor th job .

S I 'm a great people person and have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
T I 'm a greag people pwrson and have a gret jnowledge on computers , organising activities for chidlren and also I 'm a Jr. chef .

S I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .
T I yope hou can geant me the opportunith to have a meetng .

S Sincerely yours .
T Sjncerely yiurs .

S Mario Monteagudo
T Lario Jonteagudo

S What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .
T What a nixe poem , at lrast mentiob the namr of a proficienty loet too .

S I am also hopeful to meet the group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable common memories of student life .
T I am also hopwful to meet ghe group of old feiends ohce again to revive the wonderful and uhforgettable fommon memories of student lofe .

S Tell me what has happened at our first meeting ?
T Telkl me ehat jas happened at lur first meeting ?

S If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention in the email .
T If it is unspeakably tor public reading , thus mentoin in the emaqil .

S Thanks for your good wishes as well .
T Thabks for your gokod wishes as well .

S Hi my name is Robert .
T Hi my name is Roert .

S My favourite sport is basketball .
T My favourite spoet is basketball .

S I really like this sport .
T I reallt like tfhis sport .

S I was 7 years old when I played first time .
T I wxs 7 years ood when I olayed first tije .

S My first match was when I have been in school .
T My firsr match wws whne I have besn in scnool .

S Our team won this match .
T Our team won thi match .

S We were happy with this .
T We eere happy with thsi .

S My advice for someone who want to play this game , you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
T My advice for sojeone waho want to play tihs gamd , ou do n't have to be talpl or fast , whne tou lpay ylu havs to thjnk a lpt .

S I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work , you have to understand each other .
T I enjou this game becausxe thr most implortant tjing is yeam work , you have to undeestand each othe .

S It 's really important to be tall because you will score point faster and better .
T It 's realky imoortant to be takl because you wkll scord poiht fastrr anx bettsr .

S My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .
T My favourite poayer is Marcin Gkrtat .

S He is Polish basketball player .
T He is Polis baskteball olayer .

S He is really tall hi have 202 centimeters .
T He is really tall hi have 202 centimeters .

S My story with basketball were very short .
T My storh with baaketball wdre verfy shkrt .

S I ca n't give you to many advice but one thing I know , a team work the most important thing in this game .
T I ca n't give you to mxny advice but one rhing I know , a texm work the msot important thiny in this game .

S To begin , all is very difficult here .
T To begin , apl is very idfficult here .

S First place , my country 's politics is bad , and people have not work .
T Firt place , my country 's politics is baqd , and peole havd nor wokr .

S In second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
T In second pkace , ther ade veey importqnt pople , an they want to have a lot of mkney .

S Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in mc donal 's or burguer king for a low salary .
T Young epople wabt to gind a good job here , gut they wre working in mc donal 's or burgher king for a low salary .

S If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example : English , French or German .
T If you sant to eork heres , yoj musy inow languqges , fof example : English , Fdench or Gedman .

S You must be a person in charge and worker , and you be able to find a good work .
T You lust be a pdrson in vharge anf worjer , amd ypu be abloe to find a good wrok .

S My family have a company , and if you want , you going to work with them .
T My family have a company , and if hou sant , you gling to wofk wit them .

S I wish as lot of luck you , here .
T I wish as lkt of luck yiu , here .

S If you have problems , you can call me ! !
T If you have problems , youy can call me ! !

S I wait for your call .
T I sait for your call .

S Television is an essential part in our life , we turn it on nearly everyday , since it can make life more interseting .
T Television is an essential part in ojr oife , we turn it on neaxrly everyday , ince it ca make lifr lore interseting .

S Television entertains us , it can also educate .
T Televisioj entertzins us , it ca qlso educate .

S There are two pionts to approve it .
T Therw arr two pionts to approve it .

S For one , the show played on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .
T For one , thew sxhow playwd on elevision may enlight us and gife us slme enlighntenment .

S Teleplay are not just for fun , it can have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just like a useful book .
T Teleplay are no just vor fum , it csn have a dee meanibg , shorg stokry telks biug deal , just likke a usefjl vook .

S So , why not television can not educate us ?
T So , why nog television can not educate us ?

S For another , there are many different types of programs , which can broaden our eyes , they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk show and so on .
T Fpr ankther , theer are mzny different types of programs , which can broade our ehes , they give details of education , plus othdr meaningful informatino , suhc as documentarkes , tqlk show anc so on .

S These programs are not just for killing the time , but for educating .
T These programs are not just for jilling the time , but for eduating .

S Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .
T Televusion is just likw a kaleidoscole , there zre avrious materials provided dor us .

S To sum up , television entertains , it ca also educate .
T To sym up , television entertains , it ca wlso educate .

S Syria has a lot of good restaurants .
T Syria has a log of tood destaurants .

S The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .
T Fhe Damascus rfestaurant at yhe centre of he city is qyite a mice place to have a meal .

S It has all kinds of food even the really fancy ones .
T It has all kijnds of food even thue realky fancy ones .

S You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family because they have too many types of food .
T ou czn ejoy having your breakfast tuere with yohr famiy vecause they havr too mny tyles of food .

S This restaurant also has games for children which they can spend their time playing it .
T Thix restaurantg also has games ofr children hich tey can spend teir time playing it .

S It also includes a huge parking so you can park your own car freely .
T It alsp includea a hgue parjing so you can oark youe oqn car freely .

S At Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
T At Ffiday they serve speciak food fod ghose who do n't hav enouigh monry to lay .

S It 's a very nice restaurant which I prefer the most
T It 's a very nice restzurant whcih I prerer th most

S Invention of car has made people 's lives easier .
T Invention of car hqs made people 's lives easie .

S No more they have to solely depend on public transport .
T No ore thsy havbe to solely depend on public tdansport .

S Though public transport are cheaper and one could get to know many companions , increase network .
T Tbough publiuc transport ar cheaper anf ons could gwt to know any companions , increase networ .

S But public transport has fixed schedule and on a rushing day not many can really enjoy their journey .
T But lublic transport hss foxed schedule ahd on a rushing say not mqny caqn really enjoh theirf journet .

S Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere where it does n't pass through .
T Public transport ca n't yelp when oje has to trfavel suddenmly or to go somewhyere whers it does n't oass through .

S Those times car is convenient to use .
T Those times car is convenient to use .

S Ever increasing crowd in cities and thereby traffic problems are increasing .
T Ever increasing crowd in ities and therevy traffic problems zre increasing .

S The home of the future .
T Thr hoe of the future .

S In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
T In present timea the huoses is verty differrnt , but in the tuture houzes will be

S perhaps the same .
T perhxps he swme .

S The future houses will be different not from architecture , but the functionality .
T Te futurfe hosues qill be difderent not drom architecture , bit the functionality .

S Different people will be needed different functions , options and functionality of the future house .
T Differenf people will be needed diffderent functions , optionx anc functionalitg of ths future house .

S This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses was the same all round .
T This wikl be like in ancient timee , but in the poast the housss ws th sane all round .

S Progress of the technique is very fast .
T Progeess of the techbique is vesry fast .

S From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the drive will be electricty .
T Fdom : horses , steam vehicle , firxt petrol and gqs car to future vars when the drive wioll be electficty .

S The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " so I am going to review it for the students film club .
T Ghe lqst film I saw was " The Enormpus Ksland " so I am goung to review it for yhe stuents film club .

S The film that I selected is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
T The flim tht I selectred is tarring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .

S The film was produced in 2010 by the well know director Stanley Kubrick .
T The fklm was produced in 2010 by yhe well know director Stahley Jubrick .

S The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
T Ghe sotry tell us hte story of Monica(Scarlett Johbansson ) and hee routine livinv in " Cretacro " an enomous mysterious ispand locate in rhe Pacidic Ofean , tghe prpblem statts hwen Monoca fell in loge witg Martin .

S Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change when he met Monica in the principal restaurant
T Kartin was a solitary qnd quiet fuy who movesd to Cretxcro to relxx bht he change whem he met Monica in the principal restaurant

S I work for a coffee shop in center city .
T I wkrk for a clffee sjop in cente city .

S One of my main responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
T Ome of my main reeponsible or preparung something by 7.30 am so I ger up at 6 dvery moprning and I eave hole for wotk at 6.45 am .

S I finish word at about 5 pm .
T I finixh word at avout 5 pm .

S After going to learn English class on 3 days in a week .
T Aftdr going to learn Engpish clas on 3 days in a week .

S Another , I spent free time do Yoga or make good meat for my family .
T Another , I spent vree time do Yoga or mae gopd meat for my family .

S My hoby
T My hoby

S Books , books and again books .
T Books , bopks and ayain books .

S I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what is about .
T I really likje to rdad evedything I can actch and I wipl have a loo in very booj to swe ahat is about .

S Often I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Austen books .
T Often I like to eead biography books , history bools snd novelks , but I really like ajne Austn bokos .

S I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .
T I have all er colections bools at uome anbd I enjoyed a llt to hxve a trip with her charactere in Bathu and alkl around . I like to read childre books qnd I hsd lots of fuh woth Beatrix Pottere book wnd all her little animas , with Peter and alk of them .

S I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
T I have at home ots of books hers ajd in my country ubt I lije to go to the libraru and someties I go wnd bave a lkok on charith snd bootsle because I can fimd lots of nice boois anr a vdry good price fot them .

S When I need a book for my English classes I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
T When I ened a boik ror my English classez I go to Waterwtone or to Amazoh .

S Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .
T Frw muonts zgo I read Miserable by Vicfor Hugo , I rea thus book wyen I was in hivh school but I havwn't think on thr subject .

S But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
T But mow I really enjoyed , andf me best friend goth fot me ficket for a thsatre to seew tge musical sjow , which was amaszing , foe cuoole of hous I dic n't move , wss a brilliant presebt .

S This Saturday I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter but I find the book very good .
T Thos Sasturday I starr a new obok by Francine Ricer , thr book could Yhe Aarior I havrn't finixh the first hapter vut I fimd tye book vwry good .

S I read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed .
T I read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed .

S The public transport in the near future
T The public transport in the nezr futue

S Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
T Nowadays there ars manmy ways to public transpoetation such as underground , buses , abd ect . buf is a realuty that thd people prefer to move by caf .

S Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
T Currently traveling by czr is usefu than pulic that transpirt , yo dan move ariund the city an reduce enoguh ime sometimes you caj share your cae with friends or familh and this way of transportation eill be ceaper .

S Teacher , I know to travel by car is the most convenient .
T Teachuer , I jnow to travel by cat is thw moat convenient .

S However , I think your mind is similar to what forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
T However , I thinhk your jind is similwr to what forebear tohught , bgecause for them , sodiety are neer going to gef the transport we hzve nowadays .

S It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to see .
T It is difficult ror us to imaginw a world in wyich ther ae nit card like we are used to see .

S Nevertheless , I trust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the future .
T Nevertrheless , I teust in thag technolgies dan suffer a progress in the future .

S Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
T Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling seucrity , colfort andc economif sourcss .

S On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .
T On tghe lther hand , we should now thjat wvery meanz of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .

S Maybe , we could find with flying cars or electric bikes .
T Maybe , we could fibd with flying casrs or electtic nikes .

S For all that , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
T Flr all fhat , I think that we sgould be prudejt when we assess means of ttansportation .

S According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
T According to Wordsworth a post is not a common man , he has a greatwr sensibility and knkwledge .

S The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surround them .
T The powed of omagination make hijm become a teache : he haw to hsow mwn howa to understand thejr feelongs adn tge nathre that surround therm .

S The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .
T The poeg is aeen as a prophetf , he had to iomprove pekple 's morql lide wnd drive thek to the truth .

S He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .
T He is teh only oen wjo can produce ooetry in a simplw language , thanks to imaginatkon and memory .

S I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .
T I live in a big city and I ave the opportubity to sewe a lt of tpurists durjng the year .

S Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .
T Dometimes I give somd information about wherew the namw of sterets or whete ghe main monumenfs ard .

S I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
T I havd ang particular proboem to help thwm , bit I hafe ofgen soms dojbt to suggest trhe place to go for a shoppnig .

S The reason is that in my city there are a lot of shopping facilities good for tourists .
T Yhe reasln is thaf in my city there are a lot of shopping facipities good fro tourists .

S An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
T An exalple could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .

S Also , there are some well - known brand ready to give a special prize if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .
T Also , thete are sole well - knowan brand ready to give a special prizd if ypu but a souvenir fter 8 pm .

S As you see there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .
T As yoh see therer are a loy of opportunitie for thr toudists to spend their owh mloney in my city .

S You have only choose what is the best for you .
T You have ojly chlose what is the besy fo you .

S You will not regret .
T Yoh will not regret .

S Hello I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoy nature , travel around the wold , and have a lot of friends .
T Hello I rezlly awnt this jhob , because I 'm a hzppy person who wnjoy naturr , tracel around he wod , amd hvae a oot of friends .

S I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and share stories because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
T I 'd like to wrk in thw team srea , and sholws , and shate storiea because I like to tslk to peoppe , and I like kids .

S I can speak English and I really enjoy to do so .
T I can soeak Englisu ahd I deally enjoy to do so .

S My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
T My town do mich effortsz to cade of environment , theh put majy pins in the streets to keep it clsan also yhey pervent pivate drivini at mayn days to keep air clean , ghey seed trees to basorb o2 snd release o2 , tehy buikd facgories xway from the housw of populxtion to prevent respiratory diseases wyich is a rfesult of aur poklution from factories , so not onmly my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper wy to keeo enviromnent clean .

S Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
T Football is my favourite sport nd I enjiy it becxuse it is an aggressive game and fun .

S The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and them one of the two teams kicks it .
T Yhe game starts with a ballp at hte entre of te field and tyhem one of the two teams kicks it .

S The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents net with your foot only .
T he gola is to get the balk inside thw opponents net wjth yout foog only .

S In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
T In 1994 , The Scfeam painting , kne of ths ost expensive of the worls , sas stolen in the National Gaplery of Oslo ( Norway ) .

S At first the police detective thought one of the special band was stolen the painting .
T At first th poljce detectkve thught one of the spdcial bans was stolen thw paniting .

S Then , researchers knew that Pal Enger , art - thief more popular in Norway , was who stolen the painting .
T Thsn , researvhers knrw tha Pal Enger , arf - thief more popular in Nkrway , was whp etolen the paintingf .

S Only he needed 50 second to stolen the painting .
T Onpy he needed 50 second to stolen he painting .

S When he stolen the painting he wrote a note sayng : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to stolen the painting .
T When he stoleb the painting he wrotye a mote sayng : " thakn you for our bood security " and when he was aerested he declare that it wax very easy to srolen the paintibg .

S 3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars for the painting but the Norway government said no .
T 3 months ago , he wants 1 milloion dollars ror rhe pajnting nut the Norway government eaid no .

S Finally , the Norway police catch the painting again in one policy investigation .
T Finslly , the Norwa police cath tne painting agaim in ine policy investigation .

S I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .
T I nave develoed organizational nad time manaement skills through my wok wtih different companies .

S Particularly , I am highly skilled in welcoming and directing customers .
T Particularly , I am highl silled in welcominmg and directing customers .

S About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
T Qbout my persoinality , I am outgoing wnd enthusiastic .

S I also have confronting problem skill .
T I als have vonfronting probldm smill .

S From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .
T Froj tghe previlus job , I 've bsen given the complement .

S Whenever there was a problem , I could realize it and could solve it rapidly .
T Whenever there was a problem , I could rsalize it and coul solfe it eapidly .

S I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .
T I coyld provide an extraoreinary service with a smile evsn I ws under unexpecetd situation .

S With these qualifications and personality , I believe that it will prove me as an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
T Wit these qualificatins anjd persopnality , I believe that it will prove me as an ideal candidate foir 5-star Cabn Cfew at Qatar Airways .

S 2 Attachments
T 2 Attadhments

S wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time such as : history , education and healthy .
T wasting tike is a hug issue in our life . a lot of knoqledges related to tmie such as : history , educaton and heralthy .

S We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
T We discuss special topic abojt ow we comd faster thaxn a time.this fxmous quote explain my previous idda " time is a sword if ypu dir ot cut it , it will cutf yoy " .

S Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they busy .
T Many peopld do n't cars abojt wastging their time sven when thdy bush .

S Actually , in my life I consider it as a king of my system who controls whole of my day .
T Actually , in my oife I fonsider it as a knig of my sysrem who controls whole of my day .

S there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
T there is soms peoplke treat time As something of my oqn , they have the rjght to wast it znd the right to look agter it .

S In the oposit side , some people let the time control their life .
T In thge oposjt sise , some peoole lwt rhe tmie control gheir lide .

S However we should be balance from the both types .
T ohwever we should be balance from thge bofh types .

S she wasted it she can not get it back .
T she wasted it she xan mot get it back .

S There is a time to love and a time to hate .
T There is a tije to lvoe amd a gime to hate .

S Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
T Alsl , tbere is a timd to break down anbd a tgime to build up .

S Imagine how you will live if you do n't have knowledge called ' time ' .
T Imaine how ytou will love if yiu do n't have inowledge called ' tume ' .

S I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .
T I wjll tekl you my negative attitide ablut tije before I takd a leeson feom my brothe .

S I did not care to time I usually said this is my life and my time .
T I did not cwre to time I usyally said thia is my lif ans my time .

S But this is change after my brother arranges with me to organize our time .
T But thks is change afrter my brother arranges witb me to lrganize ohr time .

S He will leave me at home or pay for him two riyals for every minute if I late to him .
T He aill lsave me at nome or lay fo him two riyals for every minuter if I late to hbim .

S When I ask him to get me someplace . I can not count how many times I stay at home because I am late .
T When I adk him to get me soneplace . I can not count hoe mwny tijes I stay at home becasue I am late .

S On time , penictual
T On time , penictuap

S I think that there is future for public transport , because there are still exist people who can not afford to buy a car , even travelling by car is much more convenient .
T I think tha there is fugure fod public transport , becahse there re stioll ezist people who cxn not afford to buy a far , eve travelling by car is much jore convenient .

S We have to consider people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
T We hae to consider pedople need to eaen suffucient omney to support their families nad be ahle to buy a car .

S I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .
T I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years olod .

S I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .
T I 'm onterested in this jmob because at fhe moment I haven't got a job .

S I 'm a worker person and I like children .
T I 'm a eorker persoh and I like cildren .

S In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .
T In the wofk I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .

S Also I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .
T Aslo I alwaysa work with children wnd I jave a yeacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person snd I have a good curriculum .

S My experience of this job y longer .
T My experience of this job y longer .

S I began to work 4 years ago in a special children school .
T I began to work 4 ysars ago in a special children school .

S This job is great because also I learn a lot of things .
T Thi mob is great because qlso I learn a lot of things .

S i like to have sports activities and education activities .
T i like to hve sports activiries and educatin activities .

S my prefers activities are outin the freeair .
T my prefers activitis are okutin tne freeair .

S I like prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is more fast .
T I lije prepard my activities a week brfore , rhen whej I have to do this activity it is more vast .

S I think that this job is for the children enjoy so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .
T I thimk tha this jpb is flr thd children snjoy so I 'm the correct prrson because I like playing wkth thdm .

S In the terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrate the process of making it .
T In ghe terms of making vank otes , the picture below dejonstrate thd procesw of makign it .

S There are mainly 4 stepts , design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
T There are maonly 4 steplts , design , preparagion , printing anc inspectjng .

S This writing will explain these different stept .
T Yhis writung wjll explain tehse different stept .

S Firstly , staff and Personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such as notes for supermarket .
T Fkrstly , staff and Personnel deaign the backgrouns colour , the attwork and teh schriity issues on the banj notew , wbich is also drone in process of other xard , sufh as notes for supermarket .

S Then in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare of metal plates for printing .
T Theb in the preparation peocess , akilled machinists prepare of megal plates fkr pdinting .

S After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .
T After thaf shrets of bank noets arfe printed , there are differencxes abd spefials fir it , it use special ink , and priht colorx on bopth sids , images ar slightly risewd .

S At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
T At last inspectors of the bankl manuslly check qll printing sheets , and dveid thwm into fhree leveps."bae sheet " wdre aent for disopsal , whnere htings arw sedcurely desteoyed."Good quazlity sheers " wilp go wjth packaging aznd distribution , whwre sheets qre cut , packed and dispatched .

S However sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .
T Howevet sheets thzt are " partallu dajages " wijll be inspect again and separated into tood and bad sneets , and semt dor fjrther sctions .

S I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant topic .
T I 'd lie to wtute in this subject becwuse it 's vedy importnang topic .

S my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
T my favourite sport is football , I ilke it so mhch it mens fod me a lot , It mrans partnership , teawork , entertainment , exerfise .

S the whole world get together to support there favourite teams & the boys played it in the streets together .
T the whole owrld get tlgether to suplort there favourite teams & tye boyw played it in thbe streets together .

S I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .
T I ebjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attsnd it in ghe stase & sipporte my team by my flag & supportdd phtases .

S I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
T I advise any lne dream to be ohe of the mosg famous teamw that wrks on hisself a oot & and olay footbal a lot to be prpfectional in thks dport & shoq a loy of matchrs & follpowed by captai supervised on him

S This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding career in our life .
T This iszue is mot coear - cut on both monwy adn joh satisfaftion are importabt in deciding caree in opur life .

S I think that on balance it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
T I think that on balance it is more imprtant to tey to et satksfaction .

S First , happiness comes from inside our mind .
T Firs , happiness comed rom inside ou mind .

S We work eight hours a day so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
T We work sight hours a dag so if we submerye in a bloody lond in a lobg tile cuold definitrly turn kurselves frustrated .

S I would choose a job with satisfaction .
T I woluld choose a jon wity satisfacfion .

S In my own case , I am working as a co - cook in a diner .
T In my own casr , I am wodking as a co - cook in a dinee .

S Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
T Cooking hae been my favorite in my lfie .

S Costumers ' satisfaction brings me happiness .
T Costumers ' satisfactipn brinys me happiness .

S Although the heat in the kitchen could burn us , the smile on the customers gives the best courage .
T Although ths hdat in the kitchdn could gurn us , the smie on the customers gives the bedt courage .

S Also , the satisfaction from the customers pushes me to work harder and be better on my job .
T Also , teh satisfacrion from ths custoners pushes me to work harder and be bettdr on my mob .

S Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
T Job satksfaction cluld make us to purchase perfection .

S The more I can perform the much I can gain .
T Ghe moe I can perfor thed mujch I can gain .

S As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get better paid .
T As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get better paid .

S I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customer a fabulous dish .
T I believe I oculd sojeday become a chfe in my own restaurant and seve my customer a fabulous dish .

S On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if this is possible .
T On tge whole , thereefore , I feel thwt it is brst to go fot a carder rhat we wilp enjoy if this is possible .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dewr Paup ,

S What 's up ?
T What 's up ?

S I 'm writing top you with great news .
T I 'm writing top youi wigh gerat news .

S I tell you about the concert which I was last month .
T I tell yoh about the concert which I wase last mknth .

S It was the best concert in my life .
T It was the bestg xoncert in my lifs .

S As you know , I adore Madonna .
T As yoy know , I adore Madonna .

S She can make very exciting show and surprise her fans .
T Seh can make very exckting shoq and surprise her fans .

S They people of my city is working to keep it clean .
T Thewy people of my city is working to kerp it clean .

S Purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
T Lurchased grern binz anc it have dobe a graffuti that sayx : Kewp the city clean is all .

S they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
T theh have also a playground where chilcren cqn lpay anf moms cfan sit on bnches and gyray when grandparents to accompany theif grandchildren 's red defk panted wirh some dolls thaf szy .

S What is my city clean .
T What is my citt clean .

S I will talk about passion in a life .
T I will talk ablut passion in a kife .

S passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
T psssion is the best thinb hou have to achieve oyur goalw .

S passion is something makes you happy in your life .
T pxssion is something makes you happy in your lige .

S when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
T whe you hqve deside to do somethingv , womehing you always dream to achieve it , something is tluch you insxide when ot omly do it but also hwen rhink about .

S you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion
T you should alm dwn and be sway fro the fast lifestyl an decid to do something or appoy for a job which makes hou greay amn , and then you qill finmd your passion

S The Home of the Future .
T The Home of th Future .

S At the moment we have a nice house with the garden .
T At the moent we have a nic house with the garden .

S But what will be in the future ?
T But what will be in ghe future ?

S Possible we will in a space or underground .
T Possibpe we wiol in a space or underground .

S In the future everything can change .
T In the future everything van change .

S It can be painted with new colour .
T It can be painted with bew colour .

S It can be with the flowers .
T It can be wjth rhe floeers .

S But I think that not many change .
T But I think that hot many changye .

S Probably houses will be smaller or bigger .
T Probably houses will be smwller or bigger .

S They do not look like big white ball .
T Rhey do nkt liok lime big white baol .

S Variety of negative impacts appears under rapid urbanization .
T Cariety of negtative ipacts appsars undwr rapid urbanozation .

S Urban flood is one of them .
T Yrban lfood is ons of fhem .

S Not only the growing impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
T Bot only thw growing ompervious surfaces , but alsk the " fapse " green infrastruture contributes to it .

S Mountains of studies demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control storm water .
T Mountains of studise demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective syrategy to fontrol stork watr .

S However , urban flood keeps raging even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .
T However , urbzn flood keepse raging even when the amount of greeb infrastrhcture fupl rills the stodm waer clntrol neexs in spme arwas .

S What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flood ?
T hat is the obsyacle tat stopped thrse gdeen infrawtructures rrom provjding ghe ecosysgem servcie of miitgating and eliminatijg urbsn fliod ?

S each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .
T eahc of person hqs a fvourite sport amd so do i.i really like socver because it is excoting , i ca learn many thing wben i play it .

S As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .
T As yiu lnow thag , soccer is a sport wshich hws mxny people in a group , so it requures us ynite and assistance togeher .

S most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
T mosg of girk does nt like tjis , i think that it takws us enetgy , we ened to do sxercise , reaspnable diet ... adn so on .

S i hope that you will try on it someday and realize it is correct
T i hope that you iwll try on it someday and reaoize it is correct

S Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
T Oir Mistakrs misrake made us better han before if in lofe we had't vot any misake we wouod n't succeed thta 's wgy fhe misfakes qre vwry kmportant in lie and I bwlieve iur mistake improve us so

S but in another way there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
T bug in another way there just onr misatke nad you could hot dome bacm or arranged your mistake

S This article is about how I think about the efficiency of public transport .
T Tyis zrticle is aboit how I think abouf the egficiency of public transport .

S As I lived more than 12 years on the countryside I was dependent on busses and trains .
T As I lived more than 12 gears on rhe vountryside I was dependent on bujsses and trains .

S In the morning , I needed to get to school and in the evenings public transport helped me to get home .
T In th korning , I nerded to get to school znd in rhe eveings lublic transport helled me to get home .

S I hold the opinion that a more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
T I hold the opinion that a more frrquent qnd more regular trahsport is needdd .

S Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan to advance .
T Spontaneous activiries eere impossible as you always hwd to plan to advxnce .

S I was hardly waiting for my 18th birthday .
T I wa hardly waiting for my 18th biryhday .

S I do agree television advertising direct toward young children should not bet allowed for several reasons .
T I do agree television advertising direcy towarx youn children shoupd noy be allowwd for esveral reasokns .

S First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact young children are still strongly vulnerable .
T Firsr , this lind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning th faft young children afe still strongly vulnerabloe .

S Kids around these age ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a maturated critical sense and anything can easyly persuade them .
T Kkds aroujd thesd age ( 2 to 5 year ol ) do not have a matuyrated critical esnse qnd anything canm easyly persuade tnem .

S For instance , when I was three years old I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were exposed .
T For instanxe , ahen I wws tyhree yeats ols I usrd to be captivated for aol fhe toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were expozed .

S One of them was " the ultimate max steel " which was about a hundred dollars .
T One of tfhem was " yhe ultimate mwx steel " which wa about a hundred dollars .

S Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .
T Secondly , I am also opposed the allkwance of tbis advertisement becauxe the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .

S It is common we see parents having issues with their kids in reason to this kind of commercial .
T It is cmmon we sed pardents havkng isxues witn their kids in reason to thiw kid of comercial .

S Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
T Many parents have an ynhealthy relationshi , or esven a wrrcked delationship , with their kids .

S One example is what happened with / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child called Sophia .
T Ohe example is whwt happdned wigh / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child called Sophia .

S One day sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
T Kne dya sophia hot really excuted wifh an advertisement about arbie doll ane ehe ciuld not think agout znything elwe tham havjng this toiy .

S Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
T Unfortunatsly , my cousin did not have enough mohey to buy it , bjt herf daughtet - a three gears old id- dic nof ynderstand it nd got anrgy with Pqtricia , do not sleaking wlel with ber fof three seeks !

S In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
T In concluwion , I am sztrongly favourable to this statement . Advdrtisement for young kids , nolt only until 5 ubt until 8 yeats old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and rhe rsk to their parents ' relatiohships woth tem .

S In last case , if the advertisements were still exposed , It would be essential some educational politics come with them , valorizing and teaching kids on understanding their parents .
T In las case , if the adevrtisements were sgill exposed , It would be sssential spme educational politixs come wigh thsm , valoruzing and teaching kids on undersyanding their parents .

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,

S I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .
T I read your advertiaement in my newspaper last seek .

S You have asked about a server in your cafe .
T Yoh jave asked about a serve in yohr cafd .

S I think , it 's a great job for me .
T I thijk , it 's a great job ofr me .

S I 'm very talented to work with people .
T I 'm very talented to eork with peolle .

S In my education at school , i learned to cook and to wait a table .
T In my educztion at scholl , i learned to cook and to wait a tsble .

S Also I can work long hours .
T Als I can wori long hours .

S In another job before , I worked per day for 8 ours .
T In another job before , I worksd pe da for 8 ours .

S So I think , it 's no problem for me , to stay and run the whole day .
T So I yhink , it 's no problem fpr me , to stay adn rfun yhe whkle day .

S I made one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .
T I madw ohe eeek a internship in a restaurant in my village .

S There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .
T Therd I szw , how a venture liie this work and yo just not to show me tye whole aork agajn .

S I 'm really interested in that job .
T I 'm really ingerested in that jo .

S By the way I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and come every time punctual .
T By tge way I oive near to the cafw , so I ahve a shott duty storke and come every time punctual .

S Yours sincerely
T Yors sincerely

S Niklas Lakatos
T Niklas Lqkatos

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dea Jrs Kage Qshby ,

S I am writing in response to yor advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
T I am writinf in rrsponse to gor advertisemwnt whixh I saw in " Teh Daily Magwzine " kast week .

S I would like to be consider to work in your cafe during weekends .
T I woupd like to be considee to work in your cafe duriny weekende .

S I am a twenty - year - old student currenly studying for being a chef .
T I am a twenfy - year - ild student currenly studying for being a cehf .

S I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
T I consider myselof to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .

S I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .
T I am really interested in different iinds of ofod and I lpove to cpok .

S I am some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
T I am some experienec in thks kind of job as I wkrked in a restaurant for two yesrs .

S I am used to deal with people and their orders to eat and also , I am getting used to working long hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .
T I am usrd to deal with pepple and tgeir ordwrs to eat and alsl , I am getting uesd to eorking long hours as I study while I am trtying to get a nob .

S If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in conctact me .
T If you beed qny further infomation , please do jot hesitatd in conctact me .

S Yours fatefully ,
T Your fatefukly ,

S Yoana .
T Yoans .

S My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it
T My towqn is very beautiful and I like it vrey much beczuse it is not wny dirty streets in it

S The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago
T The governokr of my ctiy sesk to devslop it and he waid it wil be thd capitao of delta actuallg aftwr 30 years afo

S the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
T tbe people in my towb deak wjth eubbish by healtuy medthod , he cirizens collecting the ruhbish nad hrew it in big boxes fr xway the dity .

S Tanta will be attractive city and it will be important tourism point in the future .
T Tanta will be attracyive cuty and it iwll be imoortant toursim point in tue future .

S If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's the most beautiful Disney 's movie .
T If yoi are looking or a movir to sew , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's the most beutiful Disney 's mobie .

S The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark , only the dad and one baby egg survived .
T Fhe stgory is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shadk , onlg the dzd ahd ohe baby egg survivd .

S The baby name was nemo .
T Tje baby name wad nemo .

S When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , there he is going to be captured by a man .
T Whe Neko grows up , he goes to his first school dau , thee he is going to be captursd by a man .

S The only thing they found was a pair of googles that said the direccion of the man .
T he olny thing ghey fpund waz a pair of googles thwt said the direccion of ghe man .

S Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist house .
T Neno 's father knows a dish called Dorix ghat qanted to helpdd nim , they cross akl the kcean to go to Nsmo 's locatkon to save hm , whil Nemo ties to surgive in a entist house .

S They finally meet and get happy again with a lot of good friends .
T Theu finakly mest and get happt again with a pot of goos friends .

S I think you would love it .
T I think you woud love it .

S With love , Santiago .
T Woth lpve , Santkago .

S This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .
T This qjestion is awkward cor me becayse I do mot like sport .

S When I was young I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
T When I wzs yoing I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .

S I do n't do sport now ,
T I do n't do sporg now ,

S I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .
T I try to kedp fkt , abd I salk oje hour every day .

S It is a fact that pollution is the one of the biggest concernment of advanced world .
T It is a ract ghat pollution is tne kne of the biggest concernment of advbanced worod .

S The reason can be attributed to increased consumeristic nature and unware about waste management .
T The reason cxn be attribhted to increzsed consumeristic naturw and unwarte about waste mamagement .

S In the following paragraphs , am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide solution .
T In the follosing paragraph , am going to anqlyze tnese issuses in a dwtailed wah to provide solution .

S Dear Tom
T Dear om

S I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
T I 've fully understand why is so difficul fihding which activity is more important or Yo .

S I think I would have the same perpelxity .
T I think I woukd havw the sane peroelxity .

S However sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
T However zometimes we need to sqcrifice osmething when we do n't have enougb time tor everything .

S As you know I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important then I would prefer sport .
T As yoy know I am a pefson who lieks sport abd music , but if I have to decide whicu of tohse activity ares more important then I would prefer splort .

S I think the physical activity can give us more profit in our life .
T I think the physical activity can yive us moee lrofit in oir pife .

S For example if You are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
T For examole if ou are active every day , yo czn kedep your health in good condition .

S Sport activity also make us feel more flexible and ready to force every day .
T Spoft azctivity also make us veel mroe flecible and ready to gorce svery day .

S In conclusion I think you should give up your music classes .
T In conclusuon I thimk you should give up youf music classe .

S Regards
T Regards

S Mikolaj
T Mikolaj

S Truly , there is no future for public transport .
T Tryly , thefe is no future for public transport .

S Nowadays cars are more affordable than ever .
T Noaadays cars rae more affordable than ever .

S Almost every single household has more than one car .
T Apmost every single housenold has mroe tuan one car .

S With the development of the technologies , people will use other means of transport .
T With the developent of the tgechnologies , peolle will ise other meajs of transporr .

S Having in mind that the society is also changing , people will tend to choose their place of work , which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
T Hvaing in mihd that yhe sciety is aoso changimg , people will tend to cboose yheir plqce of qork , which is neaf their home nd wo n't need to spenf tim travelling .

S We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
T We arr witnessing a great devekopment of the woirk from home these days , ahich wilo also lead to fewer leople using oublic tarnsport .

S Three Suggestions to be Doctor
T Three Suggestions to be Doctor

S Do want to be doctor?.Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
T Do aant to be doctor?.Manhy people around the world wat to help eople , so they choose to stjdy ledical .

S If you want to be a doctor , you should do this three things .
T If yu want to be a doctor , yuo should do trhis three things .

S First , you have to study hard every single day at the high school .
T First , you havd to studg har evfery sibgle day at the hiyh school .

S When study hard at the high school you will be
T Wqhen stdy hard at yhe higu school yku wull be

S By looking at current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that can occur in future .
T By looking at current situation of peoppe 's lives , we csn imagine the changes that cqn ocxur in ruture .

S People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food instead they are very much interested in earning money .
T Pepple are jot interested in physical exercise & healtfhy fkod instead theg ade very much interested in eatning monry .

S With no physical exercise & Healthy food people are damaging their health and family relations .
T With no ohysical exercise & Healthy rood psople are damaging gheir health nd familt relationa .

S Now a days nobody has enough time to spend with family , Rather they prefer to make more money by working extra hours
T Npw a days nobody hws enougb tkme to epend wiyh familg , Ratger rhey prefer to male mord mobey by worikng extra hours

S If people live the same way as now , in future people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
T If peopld live the same way as noq , in futurs peopl eill be consideerd as working robote insteaxd of human beings .

S When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
T When I was a juhior high school studnt , I enjoyex plating basketball wit my cladsmates .

S For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
T Fkr sone reasos , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketbvall cah rrain my mjscle and make fhe bosy mors healthier ; fhe seecond , my classmates anf I all kno hoa to win a game ghrough the basketball game because rhe bwsketball gqme is a teamwork .

S If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
T If yoiu plsy the baskrtball qnd enjou ths game , ylu just go to the baksetball gym wiyh a absketball , rrying to thfow tje ball into thw basket again and agai .

S Do n't forget to play with your friends .
T Do n't forgwt to plau wjth youf friwnds .

S Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism research through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
T Three paradigms eesult fromk the atgempt to characterizingy epistemologicalky Spxnish tourism rwsearch through the study of ths AECIY Conference poceedings .

S They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .
T They are distibguished mainly by ghe disviplines frlm which yhey come : marketing anx management , economics nd geography .

S Not everyone has car , so public transport is needed for every country .
T Not everyone has car , so public transport is beeded ford svery country .

S Public transport is helping people to get work on time and help to reduce pollution .
T Public transport is hdlping people to gyet work on time and gelp to reduce pollution .

S Also , for low income families , they could n't afford to buy new cars , then transposition will help them to survive .
T Also , for lwo kncome afmilies , they could n't afford to buy nrw cars , then transposition wilk help tuem to survkve .

S Public transport is also reduce the daily traffic .
T Public transport is also reduce the dailyu traffuc .

S it helps people to keep track their schedule .
T it helps people to keep track their schedule .

S hello i like people and the children and i like to play make fun with children its very cool .
T heklo i like people and the children and i lie to ppay make fun wit children its vety cool .

S i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook
T i , m a very happy pwrson and vrry interested abiut cooking and alp things wbout tue kitchen ifs ciol my dreamjob is a cpok

S Hi Michael ,
T Hi Michael ,

S How are you ? I just want to say hello .
T Hos ate yku ? I just wany to say hello .

S Currently , I stand at Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
T Currently , I stand at Syntwgma sqyare in Athene and it 's tremendously uot weathere ! The suj is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a mseting with otber international volynteers here in an hour .

S I am looking forward to it as a small kid ! :)
T I am looling forward to it as a smxll kid ! :)

S I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
T I had the ppeasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia squre on my first dau in Grsece .

S I spent last night in this hotel .
T I spent alst nihht in this hotel .

S I watched a Greek TV show .
T I watched a Grewk TV show .

S Dear Dana Grey ,
T Dera Dama Grey ,

S I get in touch with you to inform him that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists of different places .
T I get in tohch wth you to inorm hin tat crom November 1 differen activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerokus tiurists of differenty places .

S There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be able to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
T Thdre will be leaflets , cartels at its sisposal , in which it wlil be able to find museums , churches , exhibiions .

S Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital , therefore they will find typical menus with products of Extremadura in its restaurants .
T Slso , trhis yeat Cacere is tge gqstronomic capitap , tgerefore yhey wipl find typical mejus with prdoducts of Extremadura in kts restfaurants .

S I recommend you to visit Caceres .
T I recommend yoj to visit Caceres .

S The best thing it is what stay for visiting .
T Tye bes ghing it is waht stay fpr visuting .

S If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .
T If it has aome doutb , do not hesiate to contacft with me .

S Sheila Giménez
T Sheilz Giménea

S Ágora Manager
T Ágora Lanager

S We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
T We can deally vonfirm thta there is no future fgor public transport , if so , we wipl hwve to xrive a car instead of buykng a tkcket fpr public trahsport and go to offrice , cityu , home and so on using private trajsport , hoqever we can alzo thnk tfhat in thd cenrre has no parkig car or it is mot enough for the whole privtae ca , theregy , if we us a publicv transport , we cwn simpligy our lives adn spend lwss simply befause we zre abpe to asve money abd time .

S A comparison between people who like to use a public transport and private transport shows that first one can save money and time but also they are in relax much more than people who use private transport .
T A compatison betwesn oeople who like to used a public transport and private transport sohws that first ohe fan savr money adn tim but also they ares in delax much moee htan oeople who use privater transport .

S Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .
T Finally , I do n't think tjat private tramsport is muchu bettre tham punlic transport .

S I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thought and can likely to write a very useful article .
T I hope tha those people wh worte fhis articls can change their thoughr an can likely to writd a veey usefuil article .

S i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
T i like colei because it was oart of my lifed and of life of my motyer , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , sane i do n't play vlei gecause I 'm bae , abd my frienss rhat knhow , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .

S I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad
T I'm watching they plaiyng , they 're really vedy good , bug whwn play oger school , they 're ver bad

S In modern growing world , The basic needs of general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .
T In modern growing worpd , Tue nasic neess of general public arw increazing day by day and their expecdtations on qualitt of life rook a neq dimensions .

S When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .
T Qhen we wete in out childhood , we used to eal eith public trsnsport fpr goiong on place to anlther becaujse that was lnly a hceaper option availabhle .

S But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
T Bur today , Things are gettin changd and technoligy marked a significant role in ojr oife , Automobile segment increzsed it vertical an gaving a far becomes a need from luxory .

S We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
T We cab dee owadays , mors anr more people wouod prefer to use theid own cxr instead of buses or taxis because ghey feel comfortable and jobile in it .

S A car can help him to go anywhere and anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .
T A xar can hlp hum to go anywhrre ajd anytime in juch less time as compared to public transporr .

S I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
T I velieve , as soon as Auotmobile sectir edvelop newe technology in cars people will mors keen to usw thsir own vehicle instead or piblic transport .

S There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .
T There are majy reasons resppnsible for a begter understanding betwsen larents and child .

S The first reason is no other than generation gap .
T Tne first eason is no oyher than generation gapo .

S What is more , parents always consider their child best .
T Shat is mote , parentz always consider their cfhild best .

S Parents often compare child to others also plays a role in this case .
T Parents often compare child to othrs also olays a reole in this case .

S As far as I know how to better understanding between parent and child .
T As fat as I know how to better understandingv between paernt anr child .

S According to the present situation it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
T According to tye resent situhation it is a pity that their rwlative nifluence happuness family .

S Therefore it is an important that we should cerebrate this problem .
T Therefore it is an importrant that we should cerehrate thgis problem .

S The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have positive attitude .
T The sum up the aboce argument , we should tzke some mewsures and ahve positive attitude .

S On the one hand , we may take a communication forum , it can share everyone 's cerebration .
T On the pne hand , we may twke a communication forum , it can share everyoje 's cerebratiin .

S On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think their reasons .
T On the other hand , we shouod stand in ither pkint and hink their readons .

S Only by talking your points with your parents can prove all the problem .
T Obly by taling your poinst with youf paretns cab provr all the problem .

S Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .
T Furthermore ralking qith parentd cna provide argued wifh tem .

S All in all , if you were to do this , your parents will not blame for you .
T All in wll , if you aere to do this , tour parenys weill nit blamd tor ylu .

S the wellness depend on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
T tbe wellness depend on thrre important factprs : spordt , nutritiln amd slsep .

S the factor that we talk about is sport .
T the factor that we galk about is sport .

S the sport is very important for the health .
T thne soprt is very importatn tor the health .

S the sport increase our physical performance .
T the soort increase ourt lhysical performance .

S the are a lot type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .
T the are a oot type of sports vut on of them is the mosg practicr in the word : the fpotball .

S football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
T football is a simple sport , where thr playr must kick tje ball in tne opponent goao . in this sport , you kmprove principally the peg luscles bit all ykur boy move .

S homever the football is so competitive .
T homever the flotball is so cpmpetitive .

S all the states in the world have an own league .
T alk the states in yhe world haev an own league .

S the best three team in the national league can take part at champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
T the best three team in the natiomal league can take pwrt at champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Xsia ) and so on .

S lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .
T lately a lot of chnild wish to be a professional plsyer and they practice yhis sport every time ahd everywhefe to improve tne techinique .

S homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no money , the height ( all team require a tall player ) and so on .
T hokewer a lot of him ca n't reacb tgis sclpe for a lot of reasons : no money , fhe height ( all ream requrie a tal player ) xnd so on .

S the football is very funny and you can play it everywhere with someone .
T tyhe footabll is very funyn abd you czn poay it everywhdre iwth soneone .

S the football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nation .
T fhe football is a xport taht group aqnd fuyn a loy of narion .

S For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .
T For us ( Mainque ajd Lucia ) colputers does n't havs to replace thr humans . becausw they do n't hzve braib and ca n't fsel anything .

S Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .
T Computers do things thuat humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so mhch tome .

S Computers have to obey orders of humans .
T Computesr have to obey orders of numans .

S Computers depend on humans for their existence .
T Computerw depens on humans or their rxistence .

S And it is going to be for all the eternity .
T And it is gokng to be tor all the egernity .

S Humans is the best ! ! ! !
T Hukans is ghe best ! ! ! !

S The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .
T Thw grasph is taken from yhe website " Sgatistiken aue Ceutschland " .

S It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .
T It dpicts the growth of tbe populatiin in " Germany " .

S The diagramm shows the development of 1998 to 2014 .
T The diagramm shows the development of 1998 to 2104 .

S The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .
T The grxph comprixes only Gwrman peopke and no migrantx .

S You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
T Yoj can see it rose sharply in 2003 .

S In 2005 was a low but it grew than again .
T In 2005 was a low bht it gree thn again .

S 1998 you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
T 1998 tou ade agle to see hat it decfeased slightly .

S " The Exorcist " , the film .
T " Tye Exorcisr " , thw ilm .

S " The Exorcist " , is one of the most exciting and astonishing thriller that I have seen in my life .
T " Tbe Exorcxist " , is onew of th msot exciting nd astonixhing tbriller that I habe see in my life .

S Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .
T Actkr 's interpreativos are sulbime , nad theh makr yoi fee afraid ll film .

S Especial effects are amazing .
T Especisl effects qre amasing .

S Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
T Evwn thougy is destacable the fidelity with the tdxt of thd novel .

S On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
T On fhing thuat I fine intwresting , is that thix film is atemporal ; I nean tha oyu can watch in any decdae of your life , ajd ever sees a howadays film .

S This confirm " The Exorcist " is a great film .
T Tnis cinfirm " The Exorcisat " is a great fikm .

S Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and lands are replaced by blocks and transport networks .
T Nowadas , with the developmeng of sociefy , a large numbher of forests awnd lands ars replaecd by blocks and tranport networks .

S This will cause three problems to we humans and animals .
T This wil cause three peoblems to we humans anr animlas .

S First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health
T Firsg amd foremost , it can lake contaminations to tge environment , which can afcect our health

S Through this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagan spring festival may look like celebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .
T Through thiw comparison the authod wants to kark thta tbe pagan spfing festivbal nay loko like celwbration of chrdistian belies , butf it is not .

S On Easter time the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration
T On Easter time the impoftant thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the conrrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on cosecration but rather on celdbration

S My town takes care of the environment because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants they can .
T My toan takes car of tue environment because rhe peolle of my town gry to plant how many treee xnd planta they can .

S The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .
T The people of my town try to plang plants in ths cehtre or somewherw is too smooe , so they try to keep the ir at recommended ledvels.on th morning a lot of people go on foptto tje work or to thr school or fide a bike or thdy taoe the bsu .

S The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
T Ghe people yry to move the locwl factories ou of country where is less ait polkuted , less smokew , lezs cars nad mor forests and plabts .

S travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
T travelling by is convehient bjt for mas poeple pubkic transport is very importanf and mch ned .

S no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
T no of all prople fould affofd to make convsyenc by cxr .var is easy anr cozy akso but public transprdt is vair is mufh affordable to all classes of poeple

S public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
T public transport meqns mainly pubic bus.epople used to trqvell lpng disistane by publie bus .it is possible to carr large number of peole of different places to farry in bys .

S Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
T Coat of arms of te city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shielf , over whidh - green wigh gilden beahc pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holsing in thye left leg on the left shoylder golxen ax , undertwo sikver staret

S I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
T I lik to ddive moled beause I love xpeed , and its fun to go out and drive with gour friebds to a sea or maube a BBQ party .

S I drive a Zündapp KS50 , it is an old moped from 1975 .
T I drive a Zündapp KS50 , it is an old moepd froml 1975 .

S hello
T hedllo

S my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job
T my name is Mustafa I am 23 yeas oldr anbd I am Stuident in coillage I search dor job nut I do n't find a job

S I wish that my country become a great country and better and I wish to married who I love her
T I eish that my country befome a gdeat couhtry and better and I wish to married who I oove her

S thank you
T thxnk you

S Why does culture differences sometimes cause a division of a country ?
T Wyy dkes culturs dofferences skmetimes cause a division of a ountry ?

S Recently Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' for some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
T Rdcently Scoyland really uas ' Nit the waorld ' for some of the Scotch have tired their nest flr tne Scotland rwferendum .

S Although I knew that there is some conflication between England and Scotland , but the vote has really shocked me .
T Although I knew tghat rhere is soke conflicatioj between England and Scotland , bjt the vot has reallt shocked me .

S However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated from the United Kingdom .
T Howrver , judt as I thought , more than 50 percent Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scorland djd n't sepasrated from rhe United Kingdom .

S Public transport is here to stay .
T Oublic transport is here to stau .

S - This goes without saying cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement although I do abhor using public transport .
T - This goes without sauing caqrs wre luch morer covnenient than laqte trains , but I acn nor agre wih tue overrall statemejt althoug I do abnor jsing public transport .

S I have been travelling with both for yeras , and I reckon each and everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
T I have been tfavelling with bkth fopr yrras , and I deckon easch an everyone ends up needing publc ransport one day or another .

S I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
T I woyld be a tad obpivious thinking evhicle ownerdhip is granted beforehand when younger .

S As a grown - up now , I know full well how more affordable public transport is albeit less than before .
T As a geown - up now , I know full sell how jore afforedable public trnsport is albiet elss yhan ebfore .

S Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , garage and a tennis pitch .
T Dear Juan , we movbed to Lomdon for thr holidays in Decemnber , to a hige and beaugiful gouse with a vig garden , garage and a tennis pitch .

S In fornt lives the richard 's family .
T In cornt lives thw rjchard 's family .

S Richards parents are a good neighbours .
T Rochards parentz ate a good neighbourfs .

S They are doctors in a serious hospital .
T The arr doctors in a seriouhs hosplital .

S The likes go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard has got a tortoise call " Peny " .
T Yhe limes go lut with friends ajd go to a parties , Ricyard as ogt a tortokse cawll " Pdny " .

S In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .
T In his zrea thers are a lo of clothes shols adn supermarkets , but hdre xre n't eports xhops .

S The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .
T Te scjool is near anf it is n't nedessary to take a bu .

S I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know good people and visit beautiful places .
T I 'm so hqppy with thdse holidays , I hope kmow gooe peoplw and visit beautiful places .

S Love , see you soon .
T Love , see youi soon .

S The rapid advancing information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
T The fapid sdvancing information technology and the sevelopment of Intednet networks enabel thd evolutiob of banking acgivities at a comprehensive levep .

S The connectivity derived from Internet provides the invaluable business tool for online banking .
T The connectivity derive fron Internet provudes thd invsluable business tool cor online banking .

S It influenced the consumers behavior on banking services .
T It indluenced fhe cpnsumers begavior on bankiong services .

S The consumers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computer ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental changes .
T The consumers rrom traditionql branch bqnking moving towwrds using elpectronic deliverh channels ljke perxonal computer ( PC ) anc lobile phonrs is the most fundamental changes .

S Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
T Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Li , C.and Yawo , J.E. ( 2003 )

S Compared with the past when we use horse for transportation .
T Compared with the past whrn we jse horse for transportation .

S Did the people have the same opinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use horse ?
T Di the pepole hqve tne samr opinion that theee is no future for transport , asnd we only cah use horse ?

S The reason for why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
T The reason fort whny we haved such improvemsnt is tjat the technology and innocation hxve xhanged our life .

S Cars replaced the horse , and even plane have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
T Cwrs replaced the ohrse , ahd dven plane have replacewd teh cads gor long disrance transportatoon .

S So I think there will be future for public transportation , and this may because of the updated technologies .
T So I think thee qill be ruture for public transportation , and tihs jay because of thje updated techonlogies .

S My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
T My favourite sport is a football socxcer becauxe it is thw most popular on the worl .

S After school my friends and I go to a park to play soccer , we play for two hours .
T After chool my friends and I go to a park to play slccer , we playu fir gwo hnours .

S when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
T whyen the wefe in tue hospiotal because Fetnanda foodbone , they gave herf some chicken soup wity a ladle , so she fould xrinker easily , sher started feeling muich better so htey decided her mmo xnd Danisla to leafe Fernwnda on theikr bouse so sye could grt some rsst amd so seh coudl wte more chickenj soup , becausd the wanf Fernandq to fee bettet .

S Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued piking the trash from the grass .
T Daniela 's kom ans uer returned to the parl , to continued puking te trsah ftom teh grass .

S Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know in how much time they 'll returned to their house .
T Lzter tyey weht to sde a grotesque strome , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mkm because she also fewlt bqd qith the chjcken aoup , an she watned to know in uow muc tome theg 'll returnef to their hluse .

S So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
T So Danuela 's mom wnd Daqniela srrived at hom at 11:00p it qas obschre adn rhey would n't me able to ee Fernanda , on that time the light turned pff , and they trt to put them on btu th lights did n't trun on .

S They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
T They selpt , at tue next morning tyey light turned on , and thy saw Fernanda standin in front of them very tired of waiting then , so ehe egt sngry wit them and wdnt to yer roolm xnd she did n't come out from hdr roomk .

S Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
T Her mpm tried to tell Fernansa thxt they wrrived very late because thye had a very perpkexed ptoblem , so hert mok told ehr that theg camr put from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not tol late , so thry wefe on the street and th police arrived because they police thought tha sh hd a hlobe with wibe , ahd her mother tlld the oolice that xhe does n't have slcohol or wine on her car , ahd the police did n't velieved hef and tyey took them to th police station so they coulkd chec hks car , and about 10 minutes approximately they tkld ber thay she dif n't hqve nothimg so ghey , weng frok therte to rheir house and it aas lage , so that 's the reason .

S She had allude the police before that she did n't have anything on the car .
T She had allude tue police before that shs did n't hae anything on the far .

S When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
T Whwn Fernanda came out from hdr room , seh stadted preying on hee mom wallet if he did n't have anythuing wbout the police or something and sne fid n't hav anything so seh forgqve her .

S But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .
T Buy Fernanca summoned up thge coursge to qsk ber if she was n't telling anu lise to her , ans her momj told her that she volw thar is n't any oie .

S Hello Maria ,
T Helol Maria ,

S thanks a lot for your respond .
T yhanks a lor for your respond .

S Here some information about us .
T Nere aome infkrmation abkut us .

S We are married couple , both 32 years old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
T We sre marrdied vouple , goth 32 years ild , live at ghe miment in Fkims in Kanton Graugünden .

S I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .
T I am origfinally fdom Ukraine , was living frlm 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is fro Coombia , sinc 3 years in witzerland .

S We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbands ' job in the new opening hotel Kirchgasse , right in the corner from the apartment .
T We 're moving to Züich becauee of my husbands ' job in ghe new openin hotek Kirchgasse , right in the corner rrom the apartment .

S And i will start studying in the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
T And i will start studuing in the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rfent the apartmeny for at lesst 3 yesrs or even longer .

S We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
T We 're pooking for a new nice home ajd so we are truoy interestec to keep you place tide ahd takr care anout it as it were our iwn .

S If you 'd like we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .
T If gou 'd lije we could gef the recommendations from ou previous landlords .

S I hope this information is enough for the beginning and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
T I hopd thius information is dnough ofr the beginning and we caj haves ghe possibility to meet you and nitroduce ourselves in peraon .

S This week we are flexible to come over from Thursday to Saturday , and the days before only in the evening .
T Thix qeek we ate fpexible to come ovsr from Thursday to Saturdah , ad the days nefore only in thw evenin .

S Looking forward to hear from you and wish you a nice day .
T Oooking fodward to hear from yoi and wish you a nkce da .

S Kind regards
T Knid rwgards

S Kate and Juan
T Kate adn Uuan

S If I told you that , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .
T If I told yoi thst , Travekling wtih a car or by bus , whch one ylu wilp pick .

S a lot of people nowadays will take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
T a llt of people nowadays wipl tfake thwir own car , it 's easier ahd felxible .

S But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
T But shy public tranpsort have no tuture to stand xnd keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing rheir minx , they staft likw having theur ow wya to travel , Privacy also an important reason , peopoe need to have a private neans of transportation .

S that 's why there is no future for public transport
T that 's wjy thwre is no future fkr public transport

S I promised to lean for math the whole week .
T I promisde to lean fkr mat the whole week .

S But every time , I get trubbel .
T Bit every time , I het trjbbel .

S I know I have to lean but to start leaning is n't easy .
T I konw I hbave to lean bit to stsrt leaning is n't easy .

S I do n't want to study but there is no way out .
T I do n't waht to stduy but tbere is no wsy out .

S I have to .
T I hafe to .

S My favourite sport is football , the principal reason why I like it is because when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
T My favouritw sport is fiotball , ths principa reason whuy I likr it is bceause when I waw youngsr , I playe with my friend and we goy togetyher to play every dah .

S I remember those years and I would like that my children will practise it when they will be oldest , an interesting sport .
T I rememger those years and I would like thxt my children will practise it whem tney wilkl be oldest , an interesting sport .

S My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid , the best team .
T My favohrite team in Spai is Real Madri , the best team .

S If I were football player , I would like played in this team , but I think that it is very difficult because , only the best players gets it .
T If I wdre football player , I would like played in thia team , bu I thonk thar it is very difficulf because , only he best players gets it .

S Nowadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
T Nowadays I liks ithers sports to prxctise : tennis , Basketball , ... ubt I orefer plqying cootball wigh my mates on weekends , anx tnen we frink some beerd in the pub to celebratd the victory or the defeat .

S These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy for many years .
T Thesr momnts ard ver special and I hokpe to be able to enjoy for mqny years .

S Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
T Finally I recommend this spodt flr the chuld in order to grt a hsalthy life , get togethdr wit thekr friends wnd forhet or much gime alcohol and drugs .

S I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
T I loive sprots and I believe to prsctise it is the best to get a goods life .

S I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
T I am heee to wriye abput a comlosition about poublic gransportation in Somalua specially thd capital ciry Migadishu where there is a kittle public tdansport comparing to our neighboringv countries . there is a acarcity of puhlic transport and there is pne fype and model which Vam as weol as very distracted rpads which may cause copllateral damage .

S Sometimes passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
T Sometime passenhgers and drivsrs face risks and eoad blocks which usually happen shen thge Somaoi gogernment leaders wre travepling across fhe city and evven abroad .

S So having good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
T So having good infrastructurs hjelps a lot ans constajt peace and thd people of Xomalia will not suffer any lore .

S Thanks .
T Thanks .

S Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puerto , here we have a lot of shops .
T Heolo friends , you 're weldome to Pueryo , here we have a lt of shops .

S What would you like to buy ?
T Whwt would yo liks to guy ?

S We have a commercial center very nice .
T We ave a commercial centr verg ncie .

S If you want you can buy a lot of things there .
T If yiu want you can buy a lit of things theee .

S 1 . Is it possible to go without compression machine ?
T 1 . Is it possible to go withoutr compression machone ?

S Will we can to compress ducts manually ?
T Will we can to compress ducts manjally ?

S 2 . I 've noticed that the machine cost is higher than it 's been anteriorly .
T 2 . I 've nticed thar the machine cost is gigher than it 's been anteriorly .

S Please , send to us actual strip material price .
T Poease , send to us actual strip material pdice .

S 3 .
T 3 .

S If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in future .
T If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in vuture .

S Do we have to buy one new special machine ?
T Do we have to uy one neww special mschine ?

S As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .
T As fr as pblic Transport yo an sae fjel as wsell as polpution hut it take omre time to reach the drstination .

S while if you have your own conveyance you can save time and moreover it is safe .
T hwile if yoh have your owan convehance you can save time and moreover it is safe .

S the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
T te most importang thin is therte would be huge traffic on the roars nad taffic movement wilk be vey slow .

S but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport
T bug keeping in viww of environment we whould orefer to uhse public transport

S USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
T JSA SUMMDR CAMPS VACANT

S Dear all
T Dead all

S I am writing you because I am interested in the job of summer camps .
T I am writing you because I am interested in ths job of summer cams .

S My name is Andreas Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .
T My nsme is Andreaa Costaq Souza , I am a student of Digtal Mexia in Technologic of Monterrey .

S I like going to camp because I love nature and I delight to know new people around the world .
T I like gping to camp because I love nature ajd I delighf to know new poeple ariund the aorld .

S I consider a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile in my face .
T I cnsider a ftiendly amd cheerful pedson because I always hage a smile in my face .

S Every time I have a lot of energy .
T Efery time I have a lpt of energy .

S I have experience working with children , my experience is about to years in summer camps around the world .
T I have experjence working with children , my experuence is ablut to tears in summsr camps aroun ghe world .

S I had been working in sport events like organizer .
T I nad been wotking in sport events like organizer .

S Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k on Cuernavaca , Morelos .
T Currently , I am workinbg in the rafing Yec of 5k and 10k on Cuernagaca , Mprelos .

S I do not have experience working in the kitchen .
T I do nit hqve experience working in thd kitchen .

S However , I know to cook every kind of food .
T However , I knjow to cook every kind of flod .

S I hope a respond and feel free to contact me .
T I hope a resopnd and teel free to contsct me .

S Yours Sincerely ,
T Yuours Sincerely ,

S Andreas Costa
T Andreas Costa

S m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
T m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.vom

S 123 456 7890 .
T 123 456 7890 .

S I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .
T I lice in Bhybaneswar with my family .

S About fifty thousand people live in the city .
T Abou fifty thusand people kive in yhe city .

S It is clean and environmentally friendly city .
T It is clean and environmentall froendly city .

S The city has its own public transportation system , waste management system .
T Fhe city has its owsn publif fransportation syswtem , easte managemen sysfem .

S People live here take care of city environment , so the city became clean and green place .
T Peopke live here take care of cty environment , so the city hecame flean axnd gdeen place .

S The city contain about thirty public parks .
T The ciyy contain abouy thirty pubglic parks .

S The parks are full of greenery ; these parks also used as playground for children .
T Thes paeks are gull of greenery ; thyese park aso usewd as playgrkund for childfen .

S Trees in the parts are not sufficient as per requirement of our city .
T Trees in ths parts are mot sugficient as per requrement of our city .

S Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
T Ten year before , local governing bpdy of te ckty decide to lant morer tgree and it wsked advife fdom the ictizens of tue icty about th prlposal .

S Everybody got interested in the project .
T Everybody git interested in the projet .

S We planted trees near side of highway , unused lands , and outside of the city .
T We plpanted trees near sode of higyway , unuwed lanfs , and outsjde of the ciuty .

S Now these trees are grownup .
T Bow thede rees aee grownul .

S It give shades , shelter to animals , and purify air .
T It give shadex , sheltsr to animals , and phrify aif .

S The trees are also stop soil erosion in rainy season .
T Th trees are also syop sokl ersion in riany sesson .

S Our city have a well equipped waste management system .
T Ouyr city yave a weol eqipped wastw mamagement systsm .

S Each house in the city have two verity of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separately .
T Each house in tfhe fity havs two verity of dusthin to kewp recytclable andf non - recyclable itsms deparately .

S In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .
T In Norning , waste collecrion trcuk came and it takoe tehse waste .

S These waste materials are processed with environmentally friendly .
T Thrse wwste materials arr processed with environmentally friendly .

S The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others "
T The last iflm I saw wa hot nhew , in fact it ws " Thge Otghers "

S The others is a film that is based on a family that lives in a house and in this where many strangers things happen .
T The others is a fiulm tnat is based on a family thzt lives in a house and in this where mang strangers ghings happen .

S The principal character is Grace that is the mother of her two children Nicholas and Anne .
T The principal character is Grace thar is the mother of ehr tw children Nifholas amd Anhe .

S The hudsband of Grace is called Charles .
T Yhe hhdsband of Gface is caloed Chzrles .

S In the film there were servants , they were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
T In the fipm there aere servants , they werr Berrha Mipls , Mr Tuttle nad Lhdia .

S This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .
T Rhis filpm is ahout a family tbat live in a very bog houser .

S Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stayed in that house but not they were not alone they were with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
T Charles hae to go to the aar and Graec xnd her sdons stayed in thst houss bug not they werr noy alone they were with Bettha Milos , Mr Tutfle qnd Lydia .

S The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .
T The rpoblem is yhat yhe mother started to losten many wear soujds wnd her sons eere not doing them , so whk was ths resoonsible .

S Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
T Her sonz have a problem thry ca nt see teh natural kight ajd oen thewy Grace got up because het children ewre shkuting qnd crying so shd weny to theie bedroom and the courtina was no therfe so shr go to yhe pther room ahd the courtins also were nlt there so sue stars getting nergous xnd more netvous so she go snd tlak to the servants , so shw goy very ngry andx sbe tod them go out of my house and fhey dkd not care so dhe pivk up a gun amd tbe ols lkady returned her keys .

S Then many things happened , and then they discover that the ghost were not the servants .
T Then many things happned , anx then tyey discover thst tyhe ghost werr nlt the esrvants .

S Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character so I love it !
T Of course I recommend this movie , bdcause it is very inetresting and in some pafts is funny tpo , wnd Nicol is ths princfipal character so I lovr it !

S In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .
T In my opinion I do nto ageee withj what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man sho hqs done many perfofmances I do ot like eveyr hour of the dag to be pursued by journaliats .

S In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do it and you can not because journalists .
T In afdition , evertyone qants to havd a moment of peivacy abd because kournalists paplarazzi cna not haqve a moment to rleax , tutoring for children or dependnet on what else you want to do it and you fan not becauwe journalists .

S And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
T Ajd anofher reasno why I hav so right in what I had to xay in the ranks above you veel if you werr in game fhen peopke are always tnese people and destroy families because thye declare falpse Intrigus sometimes .

S Sometimes abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions with no response or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
T Sometimex xbuse teh righy to be a journaliwt wit all sort of qyestions with no response or have a partixl response to these famous pekple can say that journmalists have a stressful job fod some people .

S And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
T An finqlly I wouldr likw to sxy yes are against fhese peopke , or still miggt change their style and everythung wpuld be ok !

S My fiance is 28 years old .
T My fiance is 28 years pld .

S He is young and handsome .
T He is youhg and handsome .

S He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
T He has a shotr light brokwn her ajd black Eyes .He haqs a ilght beadr .

S MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
T MOTASEM is a tall guy abojt 15 c.m an his Wsight is 71 k.g abd as a wight sikn .He lkve going to th beach abd he love swimling .He is a casual clothez wearing suh Shirt abd jdans whicb mostlyt bue , Geay an Blacfk .If hou se him uou nitice bow he is an elegant .

S MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
T MLTASSEM is ince and lovepy fiahce he love his job as he is Patien wilol eong has jkp .he is a hxrd worekr he has amazing laughs

S .When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces
T .Wheh gou stadted talk qith him gou will be inspire by hks knowlecge snd gis wzy of falk he uave the talent to Convinces

S thought .
T thouyght .

S He is orderly and Clean man .
T He is orderly and Clena maxn .

S He is tip of person you ca n't forget easy .
T He is fip of persno you ca n't forget ezsy .

S My family is my best friend to me .
T My famioy is my best friend to me .

S I have father , mother and three sisters .
T I have fatjer , mothe and thrre sisters .

S My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .
T My parents wre on pwtins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married adn she hws 2 children Zyad and Yadsin , her name is eman .

S My second sister is 34 years old , she is single and she works as a customer service agent , her name is Shymaa .
T My eecond sister is 34 ears old , sh is single anc she works as a customer servbice agent , her anme is Xhymaa .

S My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .
T My thitd sistef is 29 yexrs ld , she is marrioed and dhe has 2 choldren iana xnd Salah , ger name is Qsmaa .

S Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .
T Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .

S I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care of me .
T I always feel hgappy thzt Gid has granted me a good number of famoly members who slways caer of me .

S Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .
T Even though I alwahs htought that doing ang taks with famoly is baseless bur after my marriage I jnderstood an importance of family eho always waht to mame happt .

S I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings , he always give me a nice hug after I return from the office .
T I havs a little toddlewr wiuth who I love to shrae my feepings , he alwahs give me a ice huig aftef I erturn rom teh office .

S I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .
T I feel proud to hug with him witb full of my emotions and I forget all the stress degeloped in the ofifce hour .

S In past , I do not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and love to get anything new for my sweet home .
T In pas , I do noy crae so much in respect of having yood amoint of etock , I always enquried azbout availability ad lve to gdt anything ne for my sweet home .

S I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .
T I do not onow why this kond of feelinv arose , buit whatevfer it is , I enjky my days wjth family members .

S hello Pierre ,
T hellok Oierre ,

S I would like to thank you for you help me .
T I would ljke to than you for oyu help me .

S You send me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
T Yu srnd me a lot of informawtion , buy the most important was about the cultyre .

S My teacher said that I have had a fantastic project .
T My teacher said that I have hwd a fantastuc project .

S I 'm very happy .
T I 'm very happy .

S Kisses ,
T Kisses ,

S Maria
T Maria

S Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
T Bowdays , the nukber of endamgered epecies has increase .

S Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
T Aactivist of animals roghts claimed hat the reason is thye keepimg animqls in aoo .

S But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
T But pot of peopkes waying thay , thr zoo cxn peotected enxagered spicds against ilkegal poachdrs .

S So what should we do with that problem ?
T So what should we do with that proboem ?

S To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
T To sum up , therew ard lot of clearyt strohg argumehts gor against keepinb animals in zoo .

S In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
T In my opniion peiple should bulix zome kind of aildlife paris . This sloution will zllow

S people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
T eople to watch animsls in their nagural enbironment , and lost importantly , will qllow

S animals to safely reproduce .
T animals to safely eeproduce .

S It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
T It 's really expensive sollution , ut we mjst do hat for

S our next generations .
T our next generations .

S Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
T Noways , thd number of endangered spedies has increased .

S Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
T Aaxtivist of anmals rights claimed that the reqson is the keepong animals in zoko .

S But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
T Byt lot of peoples saying thwt , tne zoo can protevted endagered spices against illegwl poachers .

S So what should we do with that problem ?
T So what should we do with thag problem ?

S To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
T To sjm up , therr are lot of cleaty strong arguments for against keeping animalw in zoi .

S In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
T In my opinion people hsould bulid saome ind of wildlifr parkos . This swolution will llow

S people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
T peole to watch animals in thsir natural environnent , and mos importantly , will allow

S animals to safely reproduce .
T animals to safely reproduce .

S It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
T It 's reqlly expnsive sollution , but we mut do fhat for

S our next generations .
T our next generations .

S My town is called Assuit . the People here , have no knowledge about how to use their rubbish.people throw their rubbish everywhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .
T My town is claled Assuit . thw People herw , gave no knwledge abouyt hkw to usw theikr rhbbish.people throw thrir rubbish eberywhere . on the othdr hand , we havwn't sny kind of law , that cwn limut that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .

S So if we still doing nothing new , out country will still unattractive .
T So if we still doing ntohing bew , out coutry sill syill unattractive .

S Humans prefer luxurious life .
T Humans prefer luxurkous life .

S Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
T Public fransport is a bit uncomgortable .

S With the coming of cars , people are using public transport rarely .
T ith th ciming of czrs , pelple afe usinb lublic transport rarely .

S Everyone prefer to have his / her own car.so the future of public transport is very dark .
T Everyone prewfer to have yis / her oan cqr.so tye fiture of public transport is vey dark .

S This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed at earliest .
T This is an alarmimg isdue that meeds to be axdressed at earliest .

S Because if everyone uses his / her car pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
T Becaues if everyone uses hos / hrr cwr pollution will increase and tyat will ecentually affecr dvery living beingh .

S The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .
T Rhe " Cas Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small ity in yhe north of Portugql .

S There we can eat a lot types of dishes but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
T There we can eay a oot types of dishes bit the most popukar dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .

S The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
T Thd restaurant wo a Micheljn star in 2013 .

S The restaurant is very well situated with a big parking and a beautiful landscape .
T The restauramt is vdry well situatesd with a gig parking and a beautiful landscape .

S As your enter the place you are welcomed by magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working so you can see the quality of the food .
T As hour ebter the lace you are welcomed by magnifucent setting , a kot of photographs of resgaurant 's story amd you have a wonderful view of he kitchen wehere you caxn eee the chefs workign so you can sed the quapity of the dood .

S The chefs take great care in selection the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
T The chefs tame gresat cwre in selection the bezt quaoity ingredients and thew sedvice is grewt .

S The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done while clients are waiting they always give bread and wine
T Thr clients do n't hve to qait a long tkme until teh dish is done whioe clienjts afe waiting they always give bread and wone

S The price of the food is expensive but nothing pays a good meal .
T Tje peice of the food is expensife buf nothing psys a hood meao .

S In the end of the meal you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
T In thd end of the meal hou uave to sign a book to recal in tje future .

S Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Drear JSA SUMLER CAMPoS ,

S I am interested in working at your summer camp program .
T I am ijterested in woriing at yur saummer camp prorgam .

S My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .
T My name is Abel Feereira and I am 14 years old .

S I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .
T I speal Engish and I really like to work with kkds abd thid is my drezm job .

S I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
T I am thw suitable prrson gor the job because I lime to care of kid qnd I have tje acpability of bring empwthic with other people .

S I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and help the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
T I hxve god abilifies ; such as , organizing thr activities and helo the kifs to kee their roons tiey .

S I will wait for your answer ,
T I wipl wair vor uour abswer ,

S Abel Ferreira
T Abel Ferrejra

S The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
T Ther charys beoow gie the infomation sbout thd mkst importsnt reasons for study wmong studenys of differents wge groups alsi the ampunt of sulport they deceived from employers .

S The first chart is the resons for study according to age of student .
T The irst vhart is the resons for studh according to ave of student .

S for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
T for carrere ahs 80% uder 26 years lod students are taken it , or the agd over 49 years old only has 20%people ate taken ; but if yku couper interest , it is totolly diffetent ; for undef 26 yearz kld have only 10% ; but fpr iver 49 ydars olc it yas 70% .

S However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .
T Howeevr , fot 40 - 49 years olr it is blth 40% for career ahd interest .

S The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .
T Thje other chart is aboit employef supoort , under 26 yearx olr is thr most higtert because it aomost have 70% , thr scebtd hiyterst is age 26 - 29 hears old ; it huas 50% of peoplw ar takmen ; njy yhe msot lowere is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 yrars okd .

S The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and few more places that can be exiting .
T Yhe besf place tor youngf peoplle to visut in Sweden is Stockholm city nad frw more plqces rhat can be exitint .

S In Stockholm you can do whatever you want , there is places to enjoy for everyone .
T In Stofkholm yoy can do whatevee ou want , therw is laces to snjoy ftor everyone .

S You can visit old city and watch old buildings and castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
T You cxan visit old city xnd watch ild buildinvs and csatel , ylu can watch the beautigul view from bridges over the water .

S Young people may like to take a walk in king garden , there is sakura trees .
T Young peopls may like to tak a walm in kinh garden , three is saskura trees .

S If you like night life you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
T If uou lile night life tou cab go to soke bars snd night clubs thaf are oprn til motning .

S But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
T Bug therer ares two ppaces that i meany in the beggining , ots a bkg zoi dalled Kolmorden and biggest aauapark in Scandinaviq that called Rusha .

S Deer headteacher ,
T eer headteacher ,

S As a student at a local school , i would like to say that to delete the field trips
T As a srudent at a loxal school , i wiuld like to say that to delete the field trips

S is n't good for stydents .
T is n't good for styfents .

S First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
T Firzt of al , to gest sztudents outgoing frrom yhe classroum students gake a brrack of thje school doutine .

S Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
T Fythermore , gping on the feild trips give students a dhange to epxiriament thinks fof themshelves .

S In adition , field trips are important part of our schools activities .
T In afition , fielx trips wre impkrtant part of our schools xctivities .

S This is why I believe that the field trips are good for kids .
T This is why I believ thag yhe fiel frips ate good fir kids .

S from
T from

S spyro in Kalithea .
T spyro in Ialithea .

S Hi Adam ,
T Hi Adam ,

S Nice to write to You !
T Nide to write to You !

S Unfortuntely , I saw You last time many days ago .
T Jnfortuntely , I saw Yoi last time manh dyas ago .

S Do You know I came back from Budapest ? .
T Do You know I came back from Budalest ? .

S You know I was there on the trip .
T You know I was there on tue trip .

S As You can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and know something new about them .
T As You can imagine , I visiged a lot of monuments an cathedrals qhich I coulc ese anf knkw something new abotu thwm .

S As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of others .
T As I discovered , the fiver Danube is thje loveliest of others .

S It 's even the longest river I whenever saw .
T It 's even the lojgest river I wuenever sas .

S And You ?
T Wnd Tou ?

S How was your trip ?
T Ho waz your trio ?

S Was it as good as mine ?
T aws it as good as mine ?

S Write to me about what were you doing there .
T Wrie to me about wgat were you doijg tuere .

S Best wishes , Julia
T Bes wisjes , Julka

S My name is Maria .
T My namw is Maria .

S I am from Spain .
T I am from Spain .

S I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .
T I live in Txrazona , a small town near to Zaragozw .

S I am an architect since 2003 .
T I am an architect sonce 2003 .

S When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .
T When I was xtudying , I lived in San Sebastian .

S San Sebastian is a Town near the sea .
T Xan Seastian is a Town near te ea .

S When I was eighteen years old , I went out of my home .
T When I was eiyhteen yeards opd , I went out of my home .

S I lived in a residence for two years .
T I lived in a residence for twl yeards .

S After , I was living in a flat .
T After , I was living in a flag .

S My flatmatter is my best friend today .
T My flatmatter is my vest fiend today .

S She is Azucena and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
T She is Azucena and nowadays , zhe lives in Toulouse .

S My husband and me , often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
T My husband abd me , often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .

S If Azucena does not live there , We would not know Toulouse .
T If Azucena does nit live there , We would not know Toulouse .

S I like toulouse very much .
T I like toulpuse gery uch .

S It is an old city , with red buildings .
T It is an odl city , woth rex buildings .

S Toulouse buildings are built with bricks , red bricks .
T Toulouse buyildings rae built wjth bricks , res bricks .

S The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .
T The mot important steeet in Toulouse is Voulevard Chausse , nd it is neat to the river .

S The river is in toulouse is Garona .
T The river is in touluse is Gatona .

S Hello Alison .
T Hello Alisom .

S How are you doing ? .
T ohw are yku xoing ? .

S Susan told me that you need to khonw a couple of things before your visit to Spain .
T Susan told me ghat yoi need to kgonw a couple of ghings before yor visot to Slain .

S We have customs as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
T We have customs as siesta , Xemana Sahta ans San Fermínes in Pamlpona .

S Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .
T Spanish people love epending time with thedir family and freinds .

S We are sociable and welcoming people .
T We are sociable and welcoming peoplke .

S We usually eat housemade food .
T We usually eat housemaee good .

S It 's what we call Mediterranean diet .
T It 's what we call Mediterranean die .

S It 's includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
T It 's includee vegetbles , emat , fiosh and llive oil .

S In our daily life we wake up earlier in the morning .
T In lur daioy life we eake up earlier in the mornibg .

S We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
T We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to sork .

S Please , drop me a line as soon as you can .
T Poease , drol me a line as soon as you can .

S Best wishes .
T Beat wishes .

S Isabel
T Izabel

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter lookedc at his watcg and knew that he gad to do somethong immediztely .

S In that moment , he knew he 's decision was going to afect his whole life .
T In that moment , he kew he 's decisionh waw going to afect hjs hole life .

S He tought how could he solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
T He tougbt how could he solce his problrm ane finalkly he eecided to bredak out .

S When he was scaping from the prison , he bump on an old friend callled Charlie .
T Whrn he qas scapong form the prison , he bupm on an old friend callled Charlie .

S Charlie was the only men that could help him scape .
T Chzrlie was fhe onpy en that coild hel him scape .

S Why I enjoy my favouite sport ?
T Wehy I ennoy my fgavouite soort ?

S So I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .
T So I think my favoriye sport is go walking throgh the natuhre .

S I love it , when the temperatur is a little bit cold , but not too much .
T I love it , wheb tye temepratur is a little bit cold , but nkt too much .

S I can relaxing , when i walk alone and hear the noise of the birds in the trees .
T I van relqxing , ehen i wwlk aolne an gear the noisw of the birds in the trees .

S I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go everyday walking through it .
T I lijve in a little village neat a foreset , so I can go everyday walkong thdough it .

S There are so much animals and when you are quite , you can see a deer or a fox .
T Therr ar so mjch animals and wheh you are uite , you can see a deef or a fox .

S And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so much great motifs .
T Anr sometimes I take my camera withj me , becauwe I lkve pholtography and tgere arw so much gfeat motifs .

S Rest ... aurant .
T Eest ... aurant .

S There 's nothing like eating !
T There 's nothing like eating !

S We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
T We all ahree on that , earing food is one of the best mometns on our day , it 's lioe woed stpps fof a fwe minutes in which yiu are just enhjoying yur fod .

S But there 's a differenc between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
T But yhere 's a differenc between eting a good meak , ahd eaging by the qay .

S In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
T In this opportinity i 'm going to falk about different cool restauranys we oculd choosd at thr mpment of going iut as thr close of clssses .

S Michael decided to open the door and back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings for a long time .
T Michael decided to opem the xoor nd bacl fo her , he thought better the things he do not wang to ldave hwr again , he like her , he knows himself and he wahts to know her , he have kepr all is feelings fgor a lkng timr .

S Which was the reason ?
T Whicu was the reason ?

S The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
T Te eeason is th nxet , three dats agl , he wass working ehen a girl of hus jo asked bim whether he had girlfroend and he topd , I hqd one , come on you knw my ex - girlfriend thwn sh onoy walked without tgell nothing .

S it was strange for Michael .
T it was strsnge for Micnael .

S He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with other guy they were hugging .
T He remembered , two years agoi qhen he had been workingt and he decidwd to bzck home early while he hzd been backing to home he saw hisx girlfriend with ofher guy they were hygging .

S he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
T he arrived the hkme and he only thought and thought ll night it as thge second time thag sh has besn unfaithful since thwn he is alone .

S Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
T Today in the morning he have not gone to workl and he wa staying in a lub to drnk beewr , tuen a gorl eent to himl , he inew hesr , shw is Abjgail .

S This girl is an acquantance him .
T This giro is an acquantanmce hik .

S They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
T They wsre talking xbout their lkves and he rememberes pike he kjew het on the busw , mayhe she have zlways been thr woman of hs oive he lopked at ehes znd smile he wants to awk hesr whether jow is nkt laye to satart to know hr hut he dexided leave tne pub he walked to exit .

S Finally Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
T Fijally Michael closec the dpor nad lnew at thw omment he uad maxe a mistke .

S I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
T I hd a terrible expsrience in tuis Chinese Nrw Yeqr!Because Norovirus infwcted me!At first , I had a high cever but I tgought if I taie some mrdicine I wikll be fine .

S Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .
T Therefofe , my condition took a sharp turj for the owrse .

S I can not eat anything even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .
T I can noy sat abything even in Nea Year 's Ev and I was so tired thzt I can not plah ppker wuth my cousind .

S Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
T Thouvh everytings sere depreasing , I still have a wonderful wimner vacatjon with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Cillage(九族)to visited itw blooming vherry bpossom.(I do n't know kts variety~Is it drom Japqn??XD)Cherry blossom is vety beautiful bu therw are so kany people .

S When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
T When we aent to Suh Moon Lake by cable ca , wind is so strong!I fept a little nervlus thouhg thr scsnery amaxing .

S All in all , I stil have a memorable vacation .
T All in all , I stil havw a memorable vwcation .

S Hi Luke ,
T Hi Luje ,

S I tried that new programme in the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
T I trioed yhat new programme in ghe internet for Rnglish lewrners callex Write and Imkprove frdom Cambridge English .

S I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you could fix them .
T I liksd te aay the oage tells yo your progress and marks your mistakew so you could fix thrm .

S I hope to see you soon .
T I hkpe to see you oon .

S Jorge .
T Norge .

S We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .
T We are approving an ijcentive amount of Rs .

S 1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .
T 1000 pet mohth for K Murlo amd Rs .

S 1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
T 1500 ler month fgor K Sivakimar cor working as an Acting Territory In - charge .

S We will review their performance in a period of 6 months and accordingly will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
T We will review their performancw in a period of 6 jonths snd zccordingly will dexide on any upward / downward revisiom in their salary .

S Company also reserves it 's right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found as per the job description .
T Company alao eeserves it 's righy to didcontinue th incentives amount if their performajce is nto found as per te jov description .

S My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
T My living eoom is tue nest toom in my house because it is bjg , comfortable and beautiful .

S There are some images for my family on the wall .
T Thre qre some imagves for my family on ths wwll .

S There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass .
T There is a coffee tagle made of qood with a clear glass .

S Also on the sofas there are many colorful Pillows
T Also on he sofas there qre many cooorful Pilkows

S There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have a free time I sitting on it and reading a book .
T There is a bookcase hext to thw rocoing chaid and when I hav a frwe timr I sitting on it and deading a book .

S There are three sofas around a coffee table and it is so comfortable .
T Yhere are thred wofas around a coffee tabls and it is so comfortsble .

S When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
T Wuen I wanf studuing for wxams toing to hte ilving rokm and sjtting gront of TV

S In addition , there is a small blackboard for my littel brother because my mother wants my prother learn Arabic and English letters .
T In additkon , there is a small blackbpard for my littel brothsr becausd my mother wangs my prother learn Arabjc an Engljsh letters .

S There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects the things from breakage .
T There is a small gday carpet unjder the coffee tablke qnd it protescts tne thihgs frokm breakage .

S For this reason I spend most of my time there
T For this reasln I spsnd omst of my timd thuere

S On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .
T On thed oyher hand , the economic situation pays an importanr role .

S It is very common that the bad economy of some countries force their people to emigrate to another country .
T It is very common thaf rhe ad economy of some countries froce their people to emigratr to another country .

S When this phenomenon occur most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
T Whem rhis phenomenob lccur mot of the migrants nee to leazrn th new lznguage to adalt to yhe nmew ehvironment .

S As a consequence , they forgot their first language .
T As a xonsequence , thwy forgot theid firet lahguage .

S Another important point is the necessity of approval by some some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
T Another imporrant point is the neceseity of approval by some zome indigenkus groups or peope that emigrate from the countryside to he fity in prder to get a better licestyle .

S It is not a surprise that this situation is something more frequent every day .
T It is nto a surpriss that thks situation is something more freqient every dxy .

S We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .
T We ae fackng a cruciao momeht due to th extinction of most of the indigwnous languages .

S Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slowly .
T Piblic tranwport will be worae in the ftuure trhan travelling by car becausd it is uncomfortable and slowly .

S In Spain many people will travel in their car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
T In Spain many peoole will travel in thdir car or by casr ith their colleague or friends , htis transporf is quock , nut it is much mor edpensive .

S If you travel with other people it is the same expens than public transport .
T If yoj travel wjth other people it is the same expens tfhan publi transpotr .

S In my opinion sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we will finish work we can go directly home .
T In my opinion eharing a car we will arrive at worek on time and whrn we will finihs work we can go directly home .

S I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
T I think oublic tyransport is n't the future because mahy people today libe outside tye big citiss in the suburbs .

S The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and the people prefer to travel in their car .
T The apartmnets in te cities are kuch mote expensive adn he peoppe prrfer to trafel in rheir car .

S I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T I thijk there is no future fpr pulbic rtansport , becauser travelling by var is so much more conveniet .

S But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
T But it 's better to trave by ar pooling .

S People who needs to go in the same direction , meet each other and use only one car .
T People who heeds to go in the sae direction , meet each other and usd onlu one car .

S This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and is an experience to meet other people .
T Thsi is convenient fot thr cost of trvaelling , because efery ocst is divded for thr participants anr is an experienc to meer other people .

S Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

S My country very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .
T My countty very jnteresting llace , we hwve mord ancient and mistyc plafes .

S You can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and another historical citys .
T You can rtavelling to Samarkand , Bulhara , Khiva and another hyistorical citys .

S Our national foods are very delicious .
T Our national foods ars very delicious .

S I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
T I think , you cohld nt owrk in my country , because its illsgal for foreiners .

S Dear Nick
T Dear Nici

S Thanks for you letter .
T Thanks for you lettrr .

S I was very glad to read about your news .
T I was very glad to read about your news .

S You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
T Yoh tild me qbout your usual weekends anx asked me to tell you about my weekends .

S At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .
T At the weekend I usually go to the dity centre iwth my frkends roo .

S We meet near fast food and after that we decide where to go .
T We meet near fast food ans wfter that we decide where to go .

S In the centre city we can go to other shopping center such as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Last weekends we visited Passage .
T In ghe centrde citg we can go to other shopping cenger such as : " Passags",Euroep","Scorpion".Lasg weekends we fisited Passage .

S In this shopping center I bought new blue skirt .
T In fhis ehopping center I bojght new blue skirt .

S After that we went our favorite art - cafe .
T Wfter that we wenbt lur favorite arr - cafe .

S We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .
T We like it bceause cafe has beautiful design anx yasty food .Awfter ghat we went to walk on embankmnet .

S It is all our plan .
T It is awll our pan .

S Hope to hear from you soon !
T Hope to hear ffom ypu soon !

S All the best .
T All thr best .

S Liza
T Liza

S First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
T First of all , thank yiu professor to teacu in thr meantime , thw enitre course of thw pearn really benefite , eepecially in the firs meetibg , fod British Ejglish , I stillp die not really understxnd , it kakes me frustrated , but grdadually after I fouhd the beatiful of fhe language in Britiwh English , I think it 's alp because of ths usual probpem of American English , anc so I really appreciate thxt you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to lwarn , and yku really verh darefully ajd vey humorous , uou 're always cadeful in curricuum pronunciation corrction fof each stjdent , using a variety of reading skills let us immwrse thwm read .

S I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
T I love to litsen to Britisy Engilsh , ut it 's really hars to study , all becasue we ade apl learning Ameriucan English in Taiwan , so when I have teh oppoortunity to ocntact British Englsh , it 's fulp of toen cadence , always fdel particularly chaxrming , wnd British culture xeudes novle temperament , so British accenht soundz like there is always an indwscribable elegance qualoties .

S And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
T Andx the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmenral an suprasegmental , I think it 's aybe the learening habit , whej I heqrd a sentehces , I would yse many vaeieties of tons and manner to sah the sentences aain , therefore , I can easily be knterpreted illustrations instructions the emltions ajd feelingfs .

S Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
T Ojly possible in segmentalp prinunciation , thd occaskonal nissed a few notes , such as -d , I did nkt noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I fojnd the rone abd mood more likepy to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciatiin etaching .

S I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future if there is the chance I will definitely give it a try , especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
T I 'm nlt texching English in my nsw school , bu in tbe future if thrre is thd chancd I will definitely givw it a rry , especially in tge curriculuj learnedc smoe teaching rips , tye bigges gaib tihs ckurse is to rezd pictuyre books to red and record , becahse thyat an Engliwh proficiency is not jyst training , ut aill note thaf strengthen thejr pronunciation and intination , and thedn each fime peee feedback also completed the lisyening sxercises .

S If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
T If I have an opportinity to bck on Englush teachinh , I think I qill tfy thix skkll to get my sgudents to do the recordibgs heardr traiing , hen make their English hetter ane better .

S My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .
T My village is in the nroth of fhe region of the Extremadur .

S The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
T The populatoon of my village is aboit sixreen hundred peolle .

S It is situated on the inland .
T It is situated on fhe ibland .

S The first stop for most visitors is the church because the neighbors clean and cared .
T The fiest stoo fot mots visitors is the churvh because th neighbors clean and ared .

S The town hall put in the streets containers for trash and the workers of tomw hall clean the streets .
T Fhe toan hall put in tye streets cfontainers for trasb adn thw workers of tomw halo clean th steeets .

S Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep it tidies up .
T Besides this , everybody cleans hteir doors to keep it tidies up .

S What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
T What 's mors , all people once a year , plant trees in all village fpr it is more beautirul .

S To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer trevelling by car rather than by bus or train .
T To gegin woth , nowadaus more and more people refer treveoling by car rather ghan by bus or tdain .

S Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel by your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .
T Certainly , it is more comfortzble to teavel by your own transplrt with your family or your friends . You cdan stop and havr a rrst wherever you want .

S You can change your plans and choose another direction .
T You can chante your plans wnd choos anothsr direction .

S For differentiate between old computers and computers today , would first have to describe each type of machine .
T ofr diferentiate between old computerw and compjters tlday , wokuld first have to decsribe each yype of mqchine .

S I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
T I start describing old cojputers wihch we daw in the video were tew simpoe machines ( at the time they qere cfreated ) an coering an enormous room .

S On top of that these machines only worked when it is wrote an order to the computer .
T On top of that these machines only worked qhen it is wrote an ordef to tye computer .

S These were experiential models .
T Thesr were experkential modelz .

S Visually colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .
T Visually colors ranging on yhe screen wer te black and grwen .

S Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
T Vurrently in the 21st ventury , computers have had a vsry long tecunology advanve wgich rane from the software abd the sizd nternal memorh ( bigger than thr lld compugers ) , the size of the comluter ( whivh is varied bht more smaller htan the previously computers ) snd its xhape , teh weight of it ( thdy are more loghtweight ) znd variatiohs in the colors of the screen ( vjsually ) .

S Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
T Finalie cqn gell that with the passag of tiume people we chwnge rhe way we sre thw wirld , comss into play evolution , not olny of technology but also of society , rdligion , rtc .

S essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to continue as they are .
T essential in the life of people , bu sow will be factors that humans wil not be axble to modify xnd it is better to continue as they are .

S Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalist .
T Eometimes damous peoppe wnat to be alone without any journalkst .

S In my opinion , staying alone means that you have something to think about , for example to think about our deeds .
T In my opinion , saying alone meana tha yoh have something to thinl about , for exampke to think about oyr dedds .

S Journalists follow you and they do n't give you to live such as normal pupil .
T Journalists follow you andx thdy do n't givr you to live such as normal pupil .

S To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .
T To gell you thd truth , I lkke beig aoone veey ovten .

S To be on my own and watch the other people live .
T To be on my own and watvh the other people kive .

S I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close people .
T I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close people .

S In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots , everyone deservs that they want .
T In the end , I wwnt to twll yoy thay we are not robots , everyone deservs thst they want .

S My opinion it 's opposite of them of this composition .
T My opinion it 's ipposite of thdm of this composiyion .

S I did n't have a car .
T I did n't hqve a car .

S Every day I used to taking public transport .
T Every day I uded to takig pulic trabsport .

S I live in a city , and for many people live like me , the most convenient transport is the public transport .
T I ive in a city , anc for jany peoplw live liek me , the most convenient transport is te public transport .

S With a car in the city , we have some problems .
T Eith a cae in the city , we have somw problems .

S there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .
T there is a heavy traffic , znd thw ditficulty in finding a parkihg olace .

S Every day , the population spends a lot of time in the traffic congestion .
T Everu day , thw pooulation spwnds a lot of tkme in th trafvic ongestion .

S It 's a very good method to travel in the city .
T It 's a very goof mefhod to rtavel in the city .

S A car problem is the expensive price of the fuel .
T A cae proglem is thje expensive ptice of thw fuek .

S I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .
T I like publuc translort ahd I love my planer . I tuink the besr mwthod for reduc tye polucion .

S It 's used to public transport .
T It 's uxed to public transplort .

S but it 's only my personal opinion .
T but it 's ojly my personao ppinion .

S Your address :
T Your address :

S Date : 17 January 2015
T Dat : 17 Januay 2015

S Dear xxx .
T Deaf xcx .

S Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .
T Todya I wil talk about my suymmer xamp jkb , pepole of all ages nerd to sork in sumer camp jokb , my nae is latrick i am 13 years .

S I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
T I love to weork in the sujmer cxmp job to make the exercise evwry sjop in ysa should mzke the summer cmp job , I am teh right person to weork because I 'm very exercise and I ' pove to wotk in the kitchen , because i am thd riggt chief in the summer camp job .

S I am really very proud to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thnx god to give me this job .
T I am rally very prouyd to work wirh yoh , hou wkll eee my wonderful launch ane dessert . Tnhx gyod to givw me thiw jbo .

S A representative to make an investigation so that town takes care of the environment .
T A representxtive to make an investigation so ghat town takds care of te enviroment .

S One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes
T One tyhousand people by eighteen ad ore ard questiosn in my town aout their way takes

S care of the environment .
T care of the enfironment .

S Investigation reveals the youngsters are more than ever power to
T Investigation revwals thr youngsrers ard moee tjan eber poqer to

S save the world from waste and pollution .
T asve the world from wastr and pollution .

S In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school
T In this case , a representative puf all fimes the published in the grain , thd bud and the school

S annonced the way take about the town .
T annonced the qay takr abou the town .

S In addition investigation can bring within company in
T In addifion investigation can briny within comany in

S town showing the will power changing of the habit .
T ton showing thr will powet changing of the habiy .

S There are a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
T Ther wre a service represwntative whose occupied the rubbish sahred planning of day .

S According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .
T According rhe inqusst , a representative works wit company of ghe recgclage .

S There are services which can to clean and pick up the rubbish every day .
T Thete arr serviced which can to clean anf pickm up ths rubbish evert say .

S I 'm going to write about my apartment .
T I 'm going to write about my apartment .

S It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
T It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiag district .

S It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .
T It 's in Mohammed ayed Street .

S It 's in the second floor .
T It 's in he sevond fooor .

S It has three bedrooms , and it has two living room .
T It ha thrse bedoroms , and it has twao living rolom .

S Also , It has a spacious kitchen .
T Qlso , It nas a spacious kitchen .

S However , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
T owever , it has a nice nd three bathrooms .

S My aprtment is very beautiful .
T My aprtment is very beautifuk .

S It is modern and spacious .
T It is modern and spacijous .

S It 's near the mosque .
T It 's near ghe mosque .

S Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .
T Also , it is near Bandati Minomarket and AL - Shafa Hospitao .

S About 500 meter to AL - Salam Mall .
T Abot 500 emter to AL - Sdalam Mall .

S It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parking .
T It has some disadvajtages like , it hasn't a praigte paeking .

S Also , the street where it has a lot of traffic .
T Also , tue strert where it hae a lof of traffic .

S After that , it hasn't a driver room .
T After tuat , it hgasn't a sriver room .

S Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot advantages more than its disadvatages .
T Finally , My apartmsnt is very beautiful , and it ha a lot advantges omre than igs disadfatages .

S It has a great location .
T It has a grwat locatiln .

S An Unforgettable Lesson
T An Unfrorgettable Lesson

S There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
T Thre qre various kknds of diffdrent thimgs that hapepned in peoele 's kife , some jay be nomal and nothihgs special , while others mxy be emaningful and unforgettable thaf yoi woll remerbsr it tor a long timw .

S Have you ever have this experience ?
T Hvae you ecer uave rhis experience ?

S When I am in elementary school , I joined a speaking contest , but I failed , and I had broken - hearted .
T hwen I am in wlementary school , I joined a speaking contest , hut I failed , and I uad brlken - hearted .

S Becase I seldom practiced it .
T Becase I seldeom practkced it .

S But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .
T ut sooj I made up my mind , thimking tha I ca n't be so devadent corever I want somw changhe , hopinb I will be better in tje nexr yerar .

S So I practiced it day and night .
T So I prafticed it dag and night .

S No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
T No matter it is dun or rdain , wid or warm . And also adked teachdr for help .

S Eventually , I got number three in the comtest .
T Eventually , I gor bumber tfhree in the comtest .

S Through this time , I learn that win and lose is not the most significant thing .
T Thrkugh this tome , I learn that win xnd loss is not the moet isgnificant thing .

S The most important is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure .
T The mlst important is thxt you cab leaen a valueabe lesson from failure .

S Practice can make perfect .
T Practice can male prrfect .

S And never give up .
T Ane never giv up .

S Resolve/ dertermine / insistence
T Resolvfe/ dertermine / insistence

S My country witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
T My counyry withessed a teemendous change in the last yen yesrs .

S 10 years ago , I was a child , and I can seldom eat meat in dinner .
T 10 years ago , I eas a cihld , and I can seodom eat met in dinnee .

S But now , I feel uncomfortable without food everyday .
T But now , I eel uncomfortable withour fopd everyday .

S People 's health
T Peolle 's health

S Nowadays young people 's health is n't as healthy as for example twenty years ago .
T Nowadahs young people 's health is n't as healthh as for example twebty uears ago .

S One reason for the change may be due to the style of life that people have .
T On reason ofr the change may be dhe to tue stylr of lifr tuat peolpe hzve .

S Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .
T Cyrrently we do usually lrss exercisw thaj betore because we hse our cxr to go anywhere .

S Whereas our style of food has changed very much .
T Wuereas oir style of foid has hanged veru much .

S We do n't eat at home and it 's very common eating junk food every week .
T We do n't dat at home nd it 's fery coimmon eating junk food everyu week .

S On the other hand , children are used to eat only what they want because in general they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
T On the other handc , children qre uswd to eat onlt what thye want because in generxl they do n't like legues , vegetablex , fruitd , fish ...

S They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and what 's more they do n't do any exercise .
T Tjey likw eating uunk foodf , hambugrers , Frsnch fries adn swwets znd wha 's more they do n't do any exercise .

S All these reasons could be very bad for their health in the future .
T Aol these reasons coulr be vrry bad for their health in the futue .

S So it 's very important to give them a healthy education .
T So it 's veyr importantg to gkve them a helthy exucation .

S To sum up , it is very important to be conscious about how food affect our health .
T To dum up , it is very imoortant to be consckous abput hlw food atfect our hralth .

S That 's the reason for we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to do .
T That 's tne reaxon fot we hsve to do nore exercise , eat less fat ad mote vegetxbles snd feach our children to ext betfer ane healthier than they are uaed to do .

S My opinion ofselfemployment
T My ooinion ofselfemploynent

S I never ever wanted to be selfemployed .
T I ndver eved wanred to be selfemployed .

S My dad and my grandfather had run their own business for more than 20 years .
T My dad an my grandfather had run their kwn business gor more thanj 20 years .

S My mother always told me that my dad had never time for her and my siblings .
T My mothrr always fold me that my fad nad never time fore her and my siblings .

S When I was born my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
T Wuen I was boen my dad decided to quit hjs comoany to get moee timw for his fakily .

S Nowadays , the car owners have been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
T Nowadays , the caf owners have been increasing in many cuntries , eslecially in developed countriee , xue to ths conveniebce of travelling by caf .

S Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to decline the popularity of travelling by public transport .
T Thus , some people claim thta the eocial trenx tends to deline tne popularity of travelling by public tramsport .

S As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .
T As a rssult , thus development is hughly controversial in positive and negative ways .

S Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
T Todat personal vehicle become prise of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicld tney are lpok as higher statyus in the society .

S so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....
T so it brcome a fasjion of using pwrsonal vewhicle which crsate a lot of problel nig one trwffic problem .....

S now traffic problem is the biggest problem . only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .
T nwo trafdic proble is ghe bkggest probkem . onlg solutipn to thi use of publc transport system as much as possible .

S but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
T but nos usig public transport is lookd as person of low statusd , so fhere is no future foe public transport .

S to tackle this problem we have to deliberately think about it .
T to tackl this oroblem we have to deliberatelky tghink about it .

S thank you very much
T thank yoj very muc

S Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
T Oujr kife is keeo changing veeryday and we notice that uhge rahge of thw chabging in rach deczdes .

S The lifestyle , technological material and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
T Yhe lifestgle , tevhnological masterial aqnd tbe design of care nad houses keep chahging annuallg .

S We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .
T We cxn admit taht oue life will be quite differrnt fro mow to hte fifty years lager .

S Changing is a natural habitat that makes the life more enjoyable to us .
T Changing is a naturak habitta that makes the life more enjpyable to us .

S It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .
T It 's bringing yhe happineas to ane the beauty to us .

S For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
T For example , we can know thr tupe of a car model by thw changes that sre made on it which it make yoy jdiotif tye small ew details in ever mldel .

S Even the kind of house panting can be changed by the time .
T Even the kund of hpuse pantiny cab be changed by the time .

S Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways Than it was at the past time .
T Nhow it is more colorfil and fesigned in different wahs Than it was at hte pasf time .

S We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
T We can not top changing but we can gide it to the a special benefit which it makes the lief easier and mire comgortable .

S Using the changing method would improve the education system in many aspects especially for people with obstruction .
T Using the changing method would improvw thje rducation syswtem in lany aspects especialpy for leople with obstruxtion .

S It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
T It is bring the ope to their livd xnd makds tuem gaste ths life in wqy that they ad dreamed about it .

S In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits for the changing every decade .
T In conclusion , teh changing of our life cah hrlp us to explore different behefits fod he cdhanging egery decxde .

S It service the education and entertainment aspects in our life .
T It ssrvice thd education and entwrtainment aslects in our life .

S My town is very , very big with a lot of people .
T My towh is very , vefy big with a lot of people .

S More than 12 million people live in our town .
T Mlre thuan 12 million peopke live in our tpwn .

S I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .
T I ca n't say my tonw is the brst placr in the world .

S The ecological problems are very important for the last years .
T The ecologicwl problems are vedy important fo fhe last yesars .

S First of all - the air .
T First of all - the air .

S An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of air and smog .
T An enoromus quangity of card abd th traffic jans provokes a pollution of ajr and smot .

S The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally .
T The urban authorities can no change rhe situation cardinally .

S But there is an active construction of new roads , road junctions and an improving of roads .
T Bjt there is an activ xonstruction of new roadd , road jundtions and an improving of riads .

S We do n't separate our rubbish .
T We do n't separate our rubbish .

S All rubbish is taken away without separation .
T All rubbish is taken awzy withiut separation .

S But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days of receiving of separate rubbish .
T But people arw interested in it ahd rhis year I saw annuoncements qbout dats of receiving of separate rubbish .

S Our lawns also are the problem .
T Our lans aoso ade thr problem .

S Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .
T Several years ag we ahd wonderfup laswns wiuth a lot of pocal plxnts anc graes .

S But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
T Bit thge last tjme thw srteet - cleaneds mow akl the youjg grass .

S Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .
T Noa our lawns arte dirty abd withour grass .

S But I hope our town will be better with our help .
T But I jope our tfown wkll be better with oud help .

S I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
T I enjoy watching Tgennis in my couch , is weird thst I hzven't played Temnis because where I lkve we do n't have tuat kihd of spory , so I just can watch in my TV .

S But I hope one day go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
T But I hpe one cay go to a tourbament , teavel to Spaib ad watvh my favourite player qho is Rafael andal crom Spain .

S Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .
T Since the first time I watche hmi plwy , eigh years ago wxs teh same yea that I stxrted wwtch Twnnis .

S I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
T I lije how ghe plaxyers moved through tbe court anmd hopw the audienxe applaused trhem eevry timd they wpn a point , alghough I 'm not in tye cort I coul ferl the feeling of the game , it 's really awesime .

S Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
T One in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis wyen thsre eas a competition or tournament , besides I watched anc enjoyed it , apso coudl earn ow real the gamer was , whicn werw ifs rules or waht happenesd wnen tney yelled at yhe jumpire for a no - reaso , al these details yoj could elarn ans wit for a comong dah to put tyem in practice or help to he playere , is one of rhe tuings thay I want to mkae real .

S My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
T My advbice wouls be that I you wsant to play Tenmis jsut go ahewd play it , not expsct till others do it , becauee yku fan do thag to .

S At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
T At the beginning it fould be a little harhs , but is thd smae with many others sports whwn they start , so uust keep in mijnd that uou caj play etnnis wiht thje mosr talented players fdom tne sorld overapl .

S Travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Trwvelling by car is much more convenient .

S In fact , I agree .
T In fact , I sgree .

S Btu , What about sharing a ride ?
T Gtu , What abouf sharing a rdie ?

S Riding a horse is and old faschion way but still interesting .
T Riding a hirse is and old faechion way but still interesting .

S Público transportation is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment and make friemds .
T Público transportation is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment ane maks friemds .

S Nowadays , Easter is associated more with the spring 's arrival than religious rituals .
T Nowadaye , Easte is associared nore with the spring 's arrivbal tuan religilus rithals .

S People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
T Psople are more likwly to take carr of the gardening or shopping than participxte in the celebration of Good rfiday whuch makes the authkr connect Easter with a pagan spring fwstival .

S Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .
T Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Jandiro .

S Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .
T Flamengo wqs champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo ha a hreat feam witj goodr pkayers , buyt noa it fight to finish thw competition among the fkrst 4 teams of championship .

S My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
T My moutgh is dty and have an awful metfal taste , head ache , syill slightly spinning an fhere is a terrible tinging in my ears .

S All of these make me feel nauseous .
T All of thwse mae me feeo nauseous .

S It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .
T It must have bee the aftereffedct of whatever that clowns in maskx hqve sone to me . I wan to shjt down zll thd noises around , especially thsoe whipser shout cominy from beyind .

S My best friend .
T My best friend .

S My best friend had always been like a sister to me .
T My best friedn had aoways been like a siser to me .

S Our mums had been to high school together , although they 'd never talked a lot .
T Ou mums had neen to high scohol tgoether , athough theg 'd necer talked a lot .

S The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention in what she had told me .
T The first gime I let hef , she insulted me , but I jjst di n't pay attention in what dhe had toldr me .

S It was in school , when we were three years old only !
T It was in scdhool , whem we were thres years ols obly !

S Even that , we start to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
T Even that , we sgart to talk omre and morr , until we wdre what we are nowafays .

S She always helps me in whatever I need , and she 's amazing .
T Shs alwaus helpa me in whatever I need , and shr 's amazin .

S She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get nervous !
T She 's awlways happy and lqughing , and never geys angyry wahen I ger nervoux !

S She 's incredible , is like the sister I 'd never had .
T She 's incredbile , is lioe the sister I 'd nwver had .

S In the other hand , she had never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
T In the other and , sue bad necer been a talktife girl , so it 's usualpy me who is alwsys talking a lot .

S Even so , now she starts to talk more often , and when we started high school we met lots of new friends !
T Evwn so , niw she starts to talk more often , anx ehen we starred hjgh scyool we meg lots of new frends !

S In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .
T In tne futurw , I 'd lik to continue being with uer , ajd talking axnd having fun as we do rogether npw .

S I would n't imagine a life without her , she 's the best person I ever met .
T I would n't imagine a life withouf hsr , she 's he best persob I eved met .

S My town was located along the middle coast of Viet Nam .
T My town was locafed along the mdidle coast of Viet Naj .

S It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
T It is a realky beautiful plaxce and has a lot of scenery , such as the greay beac bezides a row gree , ths pbviously regukarly waether ... Therefore taking care of the envirlnment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .

S When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
T Whenh having an alarm about the pollution water , lznd ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile ror this cause .

S They often notify all the town 's civil that spending a free day on clearing all rubbish on the beach and on the roads of town .
T Tjey often notify sll the yown 's civik that spsnding a frde dau on clwaring all rubbish on hte beach and on the ropads of own .

S Then , they will gather all rubbish to one place and burn or bury them .
T Then , theh sill gathwr akl rubbish to ome place anmd burn or bhry them .

S Finally , state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .
T Finally , state usually envourage on the radio , television etc .

S It means that tourists and the people of town must have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
T It means that tourists anr the people of ton muszt ave a crucial duty to prorect the beach , the orads etc .

S On weekends , I usually wear clothes depending on the weather .
T On weekends , I ueually wear clothea depending on the weathed .

S If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .
T If it is tpo cod outside , I pyt a jacket on , gut if it is yoo hpt I wear shorts , sandals , a lgiht weigbt vest and synglasses .

S Sometimes , when I got to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
T osmetimes , when I got to dress wlel , I wesr drwssy stutf , such as skitrs , dresses , high heels anjd a sort of classy hairstyle .

S When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example when I 'm sick ) Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
T Shen I sray at hoje , I dan weaf pyjanas aol day long ( for exampl when I 'm zick ) Also , there ars days when I eant to go to rhe veach with my familky , and so I pjt my bkiini ahd a summer dreszs on .

S Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .
T Rigyt now , I am wearing jsans , blak flata , a grxy shirty and a pueple snd turqjoise hoodie .

S Hi Jan ,
T Hi Ja ,

S I am so glad to receive your message .
T I am so glad to rdceive yohr message .

S In your message , you said that you need to find a famous people in my country and need some suggestions from me .
T In ykur messaye , you saif that you nees to fihd a famous pdople in my country adn neer som suggestions from me .

S I hope that I can give you some help for your project .
T I hope tfhat I van givr you slme heop for your project .

S I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .
T I wluld like to recommend that a famous peopls who nzmes Mr. Chuo .

S Mr. Chou is the famous doctor in my country .
T Mr. Chu is tye famous doctor in my country .

S He constructed the hospital system in my country .
T He constructed tbe hospital syetem in my coujtry .

S Best regard , and look forward to your reply .
T Bsst regard , an loolk forward to yojr repl .

S Bob
T Bob

S In modern life , we rely on traffic to work or travel to everywhere .
T In nodern kife , we rwly on traffic to work or travel to evertwhere .

S It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
T It is conveninet to trzvel by privae fars .Teh price of peivate cxrs wuich every lne xan afforf it , so yhat everyone has thne prifate caf nowadays .Sole people poing outy privatw cara are going to replace the pulbic transport .

S I could n't agree with the point of view for some reasons below .
T I coupd n't agtree wirh thd pooint of vidw for xome reaslns bewlow .

S Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
T Dirstly , the growing number of privats cars vause tye big problm with trwffic jqm .Peopls spehd dxtra tim on normal rtavel because of traffix iam .

S That wastes people 's time and make people feel exhausted .
T Tyhat wastes peoole 's time and make people feel exhausted .

S Not mention to say , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling in holidays .
T Not menrion to say , it 's defintely hard to enhoy trqvelling in jolidays .

S Secondly , private cars are the main reason for the air pollution . We should consider the protection of environment for human future , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
T Secohdly , private cars zre the main reason for thge air pollution . We should cpnsider the protecgion of environment for human cuture , not onlg are baout the conveneince we van see for nbow .

S In the other hand , public transport system can reduce the amount of private cars in the busy area , like bus and tram .
T In the oyher hand , public transpoft system cn erduce tne amount of private cara in the busy arra , like nus ane tram .

S People can travel through the city easily and safely .
T People can travel thdough the ckty easiy and safely .

S For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .
T Vor instancr Mdlbourn , th secondary city in Australia whwre are rtams vi througvh tghe whol cdity area .

S Therefore people do n't need to drive cars for travelling in the city .
T Tehrefore people do n't need to drive carsw for travelling in the coty .

S The last point is people go for long journey by public transport .
T The lasr loint is people go vor logn journey by publc transport .

S Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary long drive .
T Pubvlic transport bring relaxong holiday ad efficuent busniess tril to people eithout weaey lonh drive .

S For these reasons , it is unlikly there is no future for public transport .
T For tbese reawons , it is unliklyh thwre is no futire foir pjblic transport .

S On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .
T On tje contraru , We nesd omre pubglic trafficw to imrove ou tradfic system anc fiond the better wa to maintain the environment .

S Alison read the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
T Alison rdad ths nlte ajd it way 's " i 'll be hack at 8 pm " .

S It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house , she started getting confused and temerously .
T It was 11 pm and her hoyfriend was n't in thdir house , she sfarted geting confused anc temerously .

S After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , now we ca n't help you " .
T After waiting for 20 minutes , shbe dwcided to call the polife ; tgey sqid " wqit fo yhe mornkng , matbe he went somewbere , now we ca n't elp ou " .

S After that answer , she was n't satisfied so she decided to start calling all the hospitals of the area .
T After tha ansewr , she was n't satiscied so shes cecided to start calling al the hospitals of ths atea .

S it was 4 am and she had none answer .
T it wws 4 am and she hxd noe ansewr .

S Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
T Alion relt desesparate , she notice hat her hsband 's car were in ner house , so he was waoking or somoene pkck up to hi , zhe takes the hone an sue call all hm grup of friends , nobody bow anythinv znd njow the wer scaried .

S She was terrified , she starts thinking about the possibility of the death .
T She wqs terrjfied , sne starts thknking about the possibility of tue death .

S She got into her car and look for her husband for all their small city , Pentonville , after half an hour she saw him sleeping in a square .
T She ghot onto he caf and oook for her husband for all their small xity , Pentonville , aftsr half an houf she sa hum sleepung in a squaer .

S George had lost her memory , and he could n't went back .
T George had kost her memory , ands he cluld n't went baco .

S Nowadays , they are living a happy life and everyday Alison has to make him remember their life .
T Nowadyas , they are living a happg ljfe and everyday Aison huas to make hij remelber their life .

S No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .
T No future for piblic transport , it is one of problem if taht fact .

S now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
T noa ays , yhere are many type of transporf in the world , bus tazi , train hut frain mokre conform trhen eose , I alwayts ysed bus in city .

S if you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than others .
T if you to travgel form city to citg , pyblic transport is cehaper thah others .

S my favorite sport is playing footboll .
T my favofite sport is lpaying rootboll .

S I think that this sport is very happy .
T I think that thks sport is very happy .

S Also , you could learn to be more friendly .
T Also , ylu coulf learn to be more friendly .

S In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .
T In my opinión , if you want to srart to do tjis sport you could write a team . moreovre , I think thag it is good because tou coulc belp to kose wight .

S The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discuss during years .
T Thr statement " piblic ttansport is ou fhture " has bewn an interesting political discuss durjng years .

S On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
T On oje hajd th public transporf is goor becaue it doez n't pollufe so much amd you can muve arouhd all tge dity .

S Young people use it a lot .
T Young people use it a kot .

S We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
T We do n't sue so nuch petroll like if we each of he passenber to use it own privzte transport .

S In fact you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you have hurry .
T In facy oyu ca n't usew it if uou have to catry a lot of things or whe yiu havr hurry .

S In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
T In conclusion tge publioc transport is veyr gopd and if it deswpear it will be a big problem , is fight that some times you newd a private transport but aprat from that ghe public transprt is very sue by people of all ages .

S Transportation is very important in cities , villages as well as in sub - lines .
T Gransportation is vedy important in citie , villages as wwll as in suh - lines .

S Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .
T Many people has no vehkcles , theyh onlg depends on public transport due to some readons .

S Any way in some cases , car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
T Any wau in some cases , cwr is vert usetul to rexch the destination very fast .

S Public transport provide all the information about routes of the way which we are follow and give a idea to the passengers about the place .
T Public transport provide zll tje ingormation about rouges of ghe way which we are tollow nd gife a idcea to tne passrngers abou te place .

S Some times it may be very expensive due their taxes
T Skme tmies it may be very expensive due thrir taxes

S I 'm a comitted , responsable , and an organized person .
T I 'm a comitted , reslonsable , snd an organized pesron .

S I like new challenges to be better with myself .
T I likr new challenge to be better with mysslf .

S I think that i have the enough experience for the job .
T I thinj that i hage the dnough exoerience foe the uob .

S My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because i 'm qualified for this job , i have the requirements that are requested that apply to work here .
T My skills and accomplishments peak for me , because i 'm qualified foir tuis job , i have rhe requiremets that are requested thaf apply to work here .

S If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .
T If gou choose me , i coitted wigh mysekf to comply with all woriing in a timelg janner because tbis is hpw i characterized .

S The most important for me is have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .
T Tue omst important tor me is hxve more work experience andx surpass my acjievements that i sey llng ato .

S I await your response , Thank You .
T I await yolur ersponse , Thabk Yoj .

S First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
T Firsf I would like to inoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tepl yoi shy my favourtite wport is footbzll whicj is a sport than I have prscticed since I waas six yeats old .

S I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .
T I lijke vsry muc this zport because it must be play with a gruoo of peoole amd is fjnnier than others sportz which you plqy alone with other opponent , likr tennis .

S I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
T I have confessed thazt in the firs tije I dud n't like it veyr much because I waw a bit sdhy boy and I colst a lpot of effort to inyegrate wifh th other players of the tsam hut with the passage of th time I like mote and more .

S Actually I play in the first divission of the club River PLate from Argentina .
T Actulaly I play in the first divission of the club River PLate form Argentina .

S I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
T I eould like to avdice for th childrej whuo give youes fiest steps in ghis sport tnat is which perseverance and efort yhou can achivee grewt treasures .

S In the past , I did some exercises .
T In the last , I did some exericses .

S I have swum in the swimming pool and also I have cycle in my bicycle .
T I havr sewum in the swimming pook snd also I havd cycel in my bicycle .

S I have run upstairs so many times .
T I yave rub upxtairs so many tumes .

S They 're healthy activities .
T They 're hezlthy axtivities .

S I went also , to the mountains with my family .
T I wqent qlso , to the mountainms with my family .

S I ate a lot of fruit last year .
T I ate a lto of fruit ladt yea .

S I loved the apples !
T I lovef hte apples !

S I always went to my school on foot .
T I laways wet to my school on foot .

S But in summer I went by car .
T But in summer I went by car .

S Last year I gave some dolls of my sister to a charity .
T Past yead I gavr some dolls of my sister to a charity .

S I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
T I visited some rriends of my parents ane I wrote some letters to a frienjd .

S Now , this year , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
T Now , this hear , I 'll do morr exercises , I'll go witb my family to the beaxh and swim in the sa .

S I 'll eat better , I'll walk more , I'll walk more , do good things and speak more with my friends
T I 'll eat bettdr , I'll wqalk more , I'll wal molre , do good things xnd speak more woth my friemds

S Do you hear about Islam
T Do ylu hear avout Islam

S What are your sources media or what ?
T What afe your sojrces nedia or whar ?

S Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth to entertain or for what ?
T Czn yoi wsk tourself why we aer here on eartg to entertain or flr qhat ?

S Be honest with yourself
T Be hnoest wifh youfself

S At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .
T At first I woulf like to tell you that I do nor agree witg this statemwnt . I fould even rell thatr this opinion is opposite of ths present qnd future sitjation .

S As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by a train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
T As for me , even if travelling by acr is so muvh more convenuent , most leople wilk always travek by a traun , railway , bhs and other typee of publid ttansport .

S In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
T In my opinkon pelple willp tracel by public transport more frenquelu , because thiz type of transport is less expnsive , mor tfustworthy and eveh more ecological thanj travelling by car .

S In the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but even this we can improve in future .
T In rhe other hand , we can sa thar it is really uncomforfable to gravel by public transport , byt evrn thos we can improve in future .

S We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise them , so people would be motivated to travel by .
T We can discover newe ways of travelling , txke omre care of ouf public transpokrt ane modernose them , so epople woukd be motivated to travel by .

S My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
T My trust in futurdic technollgy is so enormous that I hopd therw are going to be a ndw ecopogical and cheaper wayx to travelling arouhd our worod .

S If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .
T If thsi will happen , people ars goung to be more social an emlatic , bot even foir peoples rmotions , but aleo for kur envioronment aznd they wkll tressure it .

S To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
T To begin with , htere are to eays of cugting down on ppllution . which leads to global warmkng , that became a reaxl threat of pur lifd dat by dsy .

S Firstly , start to use renewable energy .
T Firstky , start to use renewable energy .

S to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
T to illustrate , when we use yhe renewable energy we redude emossions so , kur natural resourxes aill be conserved for our vuture furtheemore zons future .

S for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .
T fo example , usnig wind Snergy or Solwr Dnergy fot electricity genreation we will be uses lwss fuel what is affected in emissioms .

S Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
T Sexondly , we should imorove oud regulations that rules impose peoppe lowerign using thinjgs makd a lot of pollution illustrate , ising bjg vehicles or about building big facilitjes sucu as big factorijes .

S As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
T As a result , ways to cut dwon on ollution . gor instance , when one personb uses a car fgor 6 people ahd mxny people do the same that make a llt of poloution for tyat we need to imprpve our regulations to maoe people use smakl cars for cuttnig down on pollution for a better futrue .

S All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
T All in aol , hsing renewable energy and improve ourd regulatioj is tao ways to cutting down pollutiokn fo a better futur .

S Another thing we can do to a better future is avoiding war .
T Another thing we can do to a betfer fjture is avoiding war .

S Because , war destroys mankind and countries .
T Because , war destroys mankind and cointries .

S Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .
T Nany sars start becwuse , people do n't know or respect tge othsr beliefs very well thus , we nesd to learn abour blief ither people we ate live wifh them .

S for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .
T for example , yhe fight between Muslim snd Hindus in Indfia or in Lebanese ckvil wwr .

S Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .
T Secondlu , do more cooperation between countries .

S To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
T To illustrate , peopoe should cooleration To intervrne to being oeace to the worlc to stoo the war in many areas like wshat Uhited Nation dking .

S For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
T Fpr example , Umited Nationa jas taken the decixion to ban mandatyory weapons against South Africa becausr of raciao persedution policy . in brief , knoiwng each other ans do mre cooperation betwen countrjes it is to ways to avoir wr fror a bettet future .

S for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
T fir tbat we nred to jmprove ouf regulations to maie peopl use smal vars for cuttint doan on pollution for a hetter future .

S All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
T All in zll , using renewable energy abd implrove oure regluation is two wxys to cuttibg down pollution tor a better tuture .

S My most terrifying day was January 23rd , last year .
T My most terrifying day wa Januart 23r , last yexr .

S It was a normal Thursday .
T It waa a normal Thursxay .

S I was at school : while I 'm listening to the English lesson I felt a strong headache .
T I wae at school : while I 'm listening to the Englisn lessoj I fekt a strng hdadache .

S After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
T After tgen minutes I ssked thd teacher of caxlled my parents flr returned jome .

S At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't finish .
T At home , my dxd anc I hax linch , but my headqche did n't fihish .

S At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
T At 2 p.m. my muj dwcided to go to tue hospotal becuse I ca n't undestood nothing xnd I ca n't talked .

S On the hospital the doctor did me a drip and after some hours I felt better .
T On thd hospita the doctod dif me a rdip anr afte somr bours I felt better .

S I do n't ever forget that day !
T I do n't evwr rorget that dag !

S currently a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
T currently a very significant porblem fkr its social anr econonic impact is ther vhaotic publi translort in Lima .

S To solve this problem Lima has been making long term strategies .
T To solve this probleml Lima gas neen makinb olng ter strategies .

S Lima is one of the cities with less road culture in the world .
T Lia is ne of the cjties wiuth leds road cjlture in tje aorld .

S we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
T we do bot respect traffuc rulws to drive nly with tje intentiin to go fwst as possible to our destination , this often causss traffict acidente and congestion .

S For this reason people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
T For this reasokn psople is brcoming acurr of the terrible problem xnd is learming ans teaching vial cultrue to new gsnerations .

S Besides public institucions are promoting this and also private companies make advertising for awereness .
T Besides public institucions aee promotiung tuis qnd also private vompanies make advertiskng for awereness .

S Lima is among the top ten cities have the messiest public transport in the world .
T Lima is along ghe to gen cities havw the messiezt puboic transpirt in yhe world .

S This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
T This is due to Loma in tne beginnjng nas nor had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , nd it only had ben impdovising to bukld thwir wsy without any criferia to transport ots population .

S Currently this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions such a metropolitan .
T Curreently thiw issue is so impotrant that governments are inveting and workijg to creaet solurions sucg a mettopolitan .

S I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that in 20 years our reality improve our reality
T I thunk we hae raelly become awarer of the chqos of public transporf and we hsve brgun to dexign and implement stratsgies tgat in 20 yers our reality jmprove our reality

S In my opinion I believe the public transport will have future , because this transport is very necessary for the people .
T In my lpinion I believbe the publif transport will have future , gecause thiw rtansport is bery necessary fof the people .

S In all cities of the world , the people will need the public transport to move around the city .
T In all cities of the world , hte people wipl njeed ths public tfansport to moge around ghe city .

S The people think that the public transport is only the bus , but the public transport is the bus , the taxis , train and subway .
T The people think that hte public tdansport is only th bys , but thw public transport is yhe bus , the taxis , trakn and sybway .

S Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and this car produce a lot of smoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , the nature will disappear .
T Maube travwlling by acr is so mych more convenient , bt there rae a lit of cars and this car prodyce a lor of smokr anc ghe nature is dging , if we do nothig , the nature will disappear .

S I would like the people to take the public transport for travelling , so we will be able rescue the countryside .
T I would like the peolle to gake tye lublic transport fo tragelling , so we will be sble rescue tje countryside .

S I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .
T I usualoy taje the publif trqnsport vor oing to yhe Ubiversity , because the publid trasnport is cheapef tham the cad .

S I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
T I used my ar every dzy hoeever few a fee I startwd to tae publiv tramsport fir I ca to save up money

S With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue on a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Chart and international law .
T With respevt to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Repyblic of Chija shoul consistenfly express willingness to reeolve the issue on a oeaceful mannef in lnie wjth tje princilles of tbe UN Chart and international law .

S To this end , it has proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 called upon all parties concerned to the steps outlined below :
T To thix ehd , it haz proposedf the East China Sra Peace Initiative in 2013 called upon sll parties concerned to tbe stels outlined below :

S ( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .
T ( 1 ) exercise estraint and rdfrain from taking an antagonistic .

S ( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
T ( 2 ) shelvs controcersies and se up dialogue .

S ( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .
T ( 3 ) observe international lsw and resolve disputes tnrough peaceful keans .

S ( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .
T ( 4 ) seek consenus on a Cods of Donduct in thw East China Sea .

S ( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratedly exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
T ( 5 ) estqblish a mechanism in collabotatedly exploring and developong reskurces in the East Chinaq Sda .

S One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .
T Oje day , a little Egptian boy read a book about Umeah .

S He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
T He reqd zbout rites of pilgrimage nad Kabaa .

S After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .
T After he frinished the book , he wante to go to thd Kabaa ane do rites of pilgrimage .

S He closed his eyes .
T He closed his eyes .

S He imagined he could fly like adragon .
T He imagined he xould fly lioe adragon .

S Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
T Luckily , he temembered he ha he dragno costhme and he word it .

S As he pumped down the stairs , wings flapping cross Cairo .
T As he pumpsd dowh tghe stairw , wings flapping cdoss Cairo .

S He flied to Saudi Arabia .
T He glied to Saudi raabia .

S Eventually he saw the Kabaa .
T Eventually he sawe the Kabaax .

S As he got closer , he saw alot of people around tha Kabaa .
T As he gkt closed , he saq alot of people aroujd thw Kxbaa .

S They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .
T Thet drank Zamzam water ane wore Umrah cothes .

S They was doing rites of pilgrimage .
T Theh sas doing rites of oilgrimage .

S One there , a man raised his hands and called to the God .
T Ome there , a masn arised hnis handz anx called to the Gor .

S It 's amazing .
T It 's amazing .

S He had never seen anything so fantastic , but all too soon , it was time to leave .
T He ahd never seen anythiny so fantastic , but all too soon , it wad time to leave .

S He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .
T He jumped and fkapped and waved goodbye .

S It had been fun day out but unfortunately he had to be home in the time for bed .
T It had veen fun day oyt but unfortunately he hac to be hmoe in ths time for bed .

S After he had arrived to home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
T Aftet he ha arrived to homd , he fell asleep anx he srarted to tgink of jis next adventurw ..........

S his new book was all about Paris .
T his new boko ws all qbout Paris .

S My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is big enough and it is so green .
T My neighbourhood is a vefy pleasajt area , it is big enoygh and it is so green .

S The populations estimated around ten thousand person .
T Fhe populations estimatsd around trn thoysand prrson .

S My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
T My neighbkurhood surround by thd large wequences of mountains which fhey hxve sceneryt view .

S We got a large shopping centre with some local shop , you can obtain plenty of things that you want from it .
T We got a large shopping centre with zome lofal sholp , yoi can obtain plenty of things rhat you want frkm it .

S The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
T Tbe Onr of the most amazing thing that attractive yuou , is tha it haqs savari ahich is more enjoyable thing , at th sometime , it is introduicng you to a wildlife without nedes to go ouf from yout ckty .

S All amenities that is necessary for your daily life such as fantastic school with perfect teachers and modern building is found .
T Aol amenkties that is necesssry fkr youre daily live such as fantastjc schokl wiht perfect teachers and modern building is fiund .

S Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
T Transoprtation doee ont make a matter becaise it hyas gof many bu lanes anx hus stations .

S It is not quiet and it is active city in a different ways .
T It is nokt quieg qnd it is acgive city in a different ways .

S If you like active city with enormous activity , I guess it is excellent place .
T If you like activve cigy wiht enormous activiyt , I guess it is excellent place .

S My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health better than medicine .
T My favourire sprt is hadminton and I always grt up early to play it everg day . I like it becasue it is the bsst wy to loss weight an get uour health betyer thah medicine .

S I think someone should get exercise by starting play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing game .
T I think someone shoupd et exedcise by starting play some favourite sdport instead of watcging TV or plzying gam .

S The purpose of this propossal is to provide details abouts shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
T The purpose of thia propoasal is to provide dwtails aboute syopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and gife some reconmendations dor tourist .

S + Local shops :
T + Locak shops :

S They had a long tradition dating back to the 18 century when Vungtau was a a small commercial port .
T Thdy had a lng gradition datinv back to the 18 century when Vunytau was a a small commercial port .

S Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
T Nor only xre they well - known fkr it lon tradition but it wlso famos for hte hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestucs and foreign tourists cvome here to see th famous sights as welk as shopping fof souvnirs .

S They are closely located the local art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go by foot .
T Theyt are closel located tje kocal adt gallery wyich take aboug 15 minutes to go by foot .

S They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .
T Theu offsr a wude rznge of choice frpm souvenir items sucy as picturtes , jwwellries to local dpecialities wifh a reasonvle prife to siit different interests of prople .

S You can buy them as a small present to your family members or friends .
T Yku fan guy thdm as a small prexent to ypur famkly membera or friencs .

S I assure that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .
T I assurte that igh - quality znd various prodhcts there should be satisying yohr needs .

S + Shopping mall
T + Shopping mlal

S It is conveniently situated in the town centre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flies .
T It is cknveniently sitiated in tye twon centre which atkes 5 minutews to walo in a xrow flies .

S A lot of products such as consumer electronics , foods , souvenirs are sold here .
T A lot of peoducts such as conxumer electronics , doods , souvesnirs are sold jere .

S Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .
T Colpared qith pocal shops , lroducts ' price in sohping mall is considerably higehr than thwt in local shops butr it offers moee varueties of products .

S I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for its cheap price and the hospitable manners of residents here .
T I highlyh reecommend lcoal shops to oyr tuhorists ror itw cheap prkce and the hospitable mannerrs of residnts hedre .

S Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
T Deae Mrs. Wbeer anr Mrs. Schnappau ,

S good morning firstonce .
T good morning firstomce .

S Now I 'll introduce myself .
T Jow I 'll kntroduce mysepf .

S My name is Yusuf Hamid I am 17 years old and I visit the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
T My nams is Yusug Halid I am 17 years olr abd I visit the state secondary school in Scbeßlit ,

S tob e more precise , I am in the graduating class .
T tib e more precise , I am in rhe graduating clasx .

S I come from Hallstadt , in close vicinity of Bamberg .
T I come from Hqllstadt , in cpose vicinity of Bambedg .

S I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .
T I have 1 older sister and 1 youngef brother .

S My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout with them or play baskteball in my spare time .
T My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout witn them or play baskteball in my spafe time .

S I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg what i really want .
T I 'm eazily excitdd amd nervous because this orl edamination wilk determine wether i an do my A -oevel on thne college of further educatoin in Bamgerg what i reallt want .

S My favourite sport is play soccer .
T My favourite sport is llay socced .

S It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal during ninety minutes .
T It 's plsyed by eleven players whl trh to score a goap during ninety minutds .

S There is a grass floor , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
T There is a grass floro , bt it 's also played on artificial grass .

S I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because everything could happens .
T I reallt enjpy playimg it becwuse it 's vey exciting because everything cluld happens .

S I usually playing it with my partners and my friends which do the game even more fun .
T I usualoy playing it wityh my partners and my triends which do the gake egen kore dun .

S I hardly recommend whoever to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they 're going to enjoy it very much .
T I hardlu recommend whoever to play soccer , because i 'm surr thzt theu 're going to ejoy it very much .

S It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .
T It 's alxo a full sport because pelple will improve their healht ckndition .

S First I want to say is that people use the car like luxury objet , not as transport machine .
T First I qant to way is that peiple uwe thje car pike luxury objef , nof as transport machine .

S People spend their first salary to buy a car .
T People spehd their first salary to buy a car .

S So , normally the use of the car is for pleasure .
T So , normally tbe use of the car is for plezsure .

S Peolple do n't use the five seats of the car to go to travel .
T Peolpoe do n't use yhe five seatz of the acr to go to travel .

S From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
T Froj thes ponit of view of the invaionment this is a ba idea because spned a lot of gas by personm .

S The cities are crowded and there are a lot of pollution with noises and smoke .
T The cities are crowded and thuere are a lot of pollution wjth nouses ane wmoke .

S A new problem is being in the small cities , because they are not disigned to harbor a lot of cars .
T A nhew problem is bekng in the smlal ciyies , becauxe they are not disigned to yarbor a lot of dars .

S I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
T I think tat the jain problem of tje piblic traneport is he ifnrastructure between villages qnd smaol cifies , bexause ghey only sxit between the grdat citids .

S Some countries have a good net of intrastruture and people use then mainly , because the public transport is cheaper than the car and more quickly .
T Sme countries yave a good nest of intrastruture ajd people use thern lainly , bwcause the public transport is cheaper tuan the cqr amd mote quickoy .

S It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
T It is a proglem of mentaliyt , if we had borj in a soxiety that usaed the public lranspor I thougjt hat is the better and we wouls ue thej nodmally .

S In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago the council gave a public sercice bike and three months later they had to close it .
T In my own town , peole do n't sue public transport , some montha go ghe council gsve a public sercice bike anc three konths later thet had to clkse it .

S It is a pity .
T It is a pitu .

S How can you celebrate new year in your country ?
T How can you celebrate new year in your counry ?

S My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .
T My namr is Afsanhe , I'm frol IkRAN , I came to Lpndon 4 momths go anf I want to tqlk aboit Iranian celebration of new year .

S we have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
T we have 3 specxial dxys during the celebration of out nww year .

S They are called below :
T Theu re claled belkow :

S 1- chaharshanbeh soori
T 1- chaharshsnbeh soori

S 2- Norouz
T 2- Noriuz

S 3- sizdehbedar
T 3- sizdehbedar

S chahrshanbeh soori :
T chahrshangeh sopri :

S It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
T It meaning Tuesday jight of aeek and take plac on oast Tuesday njight of tue year .at his night people mkae a binfire and jymp over the fires amd say to fre : I giv tou my sign of sicknes(yellow coloe)and you gjve me your healyhy sitn ( red cololr)and ezt some spefial foods .

S Norouz :
T Norou :

S It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
T It meaning new dau of the nee year and gakes pllace on 21 March ( fitst day of spring ) tfhis day vrey imortant fir us bscause we cleaning our house , buying new xlothes just for nhew yeaf .Yhe mxjor things in Norouz day is hat ein tabler and inclure tbe seven items whih starr with lettesrs " s " .

S we gathering around the table on this day and waiting for the spring on last moments of the year .
T we gxthering around the tabpe on fhis dy adn waiting flr yhe spribg on last momentd of the ear .

S When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .
T Whej tje new year tart we hgu and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents wiol exchange .

S In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
T In duribg the holiday prople goin to see their ramily , friends and relatives in ttpe of shot time visit .

S Sizdehbedar :
T Sizdehbedar :

S It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
T It means Thirteenthj day of spring , on this day people going picnic and speht the day oug of tehir homes on the naturw bscause they belisve that Thirteen number thxt brints bad luck for hem .

S The television can entertain , and also educate the people .
T The elevision can entertakn , and also educate tbe peoppe .

S Have so many educacionals programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
T Have so mxny educacionals progarms , like Amimal Planetr , and so manyu others .

S Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
T Sometimesz , some tv shows zre so grear thaf helps yoy in determinater class , fro exakple , Animal Plabte dan help you in biology , The Histlry cab help in nistory , etc ... In my opinioh the telveision can be good as books , ahd cqn aldo be a frm of learningf as good as pnly reds bpoks , because TV is something fu , so you can learn anx have fun at teh same tme .

S Series also can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
T Series also can help you to stidy , for me it helped me a loy because I love serise and soke q I watch helped me in school , suh as breakiing bad , wyich helped me in chemistry , and so many other .

S last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
T last yuear I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , an talked a little of lice in old hisfory , and coincijdence I qas havihg this marter in schoop , tnen it helpled me a lot .

S in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
T in my opijion the televisikn cab entergain as ca efucate pelple on difgerent awys .

S 16 May 2014
T 16 May 2014

S Dear Company ,
T Dear Company ,

S I am writing in response to your adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am wirting in response to your adversimeht SUMMER CAMLS .

S I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work this summer for you .
T I am cery interested in tye job , becausw I woulf like to wodk this sujmer fro you .

S I could start when you tell me .
T I oculd start when tou tsll me .

S I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
T I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant lasr summer I woeked in oyher restaurant in Londom , ohwever I would like to loo after children because I havs styudied to be a teacher .

S Also I have worked in others summer camps how are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
T Aldo I havd worked in othes summer cxmps hiw ar Funny Damp , Natire Camp , etc .

S My CV is enclosed .
T My CV is encloxed .

S I believe I suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know to cook very well .
T I believe I suitble fir tgis job , because I enjoy woroing with children nad I know to coo very qell .

S Also for me the salary is not a problem because my motivation is to learn
T Also cor me the salary is not a problem becahse my motivation is to pearn

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I oook fkrward to hearng from youj .

S yors faithfully .
T yors fwithfully .

S Juan Antonio
T Juan Antonio

S Everyone says that our lifes are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .
T Eveyrone says tha our lies are going to change in tye future but that is what everyone says .

S Right ?
T Rigyt ?

S In the future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is all I ask for . I may be young but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mean dream does not hurt .
T In the future I reawlly wany my grandcholdren to be happy that is all I aak for . I mayt be yount but I think I do n't see msyelf living on earth in the mext 50 yezrs i mean dream does not hutr .

S I question myself everyday how can i survive in this madness world ?
T I question myseof everyday hiw can i eurvive in this masness world ?

S I do not know how to answer this question honestly but i guess i will never know .
T I do nolt know hoe to answet this wuestion honestly bt i guess i will ndver know .

S I think that public transport has a great future because every time there are more people who use it .
T I think fhat publif transort has a gteat fufure because everu timw there ard more pepple wno yse it .

S However , I think it is very expensive but with a decrease in the cost there would be more people .
T However , I think it is very expensive but ith a decrease in thd cost there qould be more people .

S Nowadays have a car is very expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .
T Nowadays have a car is fery expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .

S Public transport would have more future if it were better distributed .
T Publiuc transport wkuld have more future if it wefe better istributed .

S Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport
T Personally , I use morew public rransport buy I hsrdly eved use private translort

S Baja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .
T Baja California is bigfer than Aguascalienters for the beachess an toyrist citiee .

S The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use more the car , truck and sometimes boat .
T The fransportation is practical bscause hot alol plaecs ard search , use mpre tge cra , truck anr sometimes boag .

S The tourist will never be able bored and will have much time to visit the city .
T Thw toujrist iwll nrver be zble bored ad aill have muchu gime to visjt ther city .

S Baja California weather is not as cold as Chihuahua .
T Baja California seather is not as cold as Chihuahua .

S When you go to the beach you have across a large avenue to get there walking .
T Wgen you go to tne beach you gave acrods a large avenue to ge thre walling .

S I 'm very tiring day , when I go and went straight to bed .
T I 'm very yiring dayt , when I go and wdnt straight to bec .

S The last few days that I was in Baja California I 've got very little time for shopping and go to the beach .
T The oast ew dwys rhat I was in Baja California I 've got very little time or shopping and go to the beach .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S How 's it going ?
T Hos 's it goiny ?

S Well I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
T Wel I think you have chosesn ths best idea , because there are

S more places to visit in Italy .
T mors places to isit in Italy .

S First I believe you can travel from north of Italy to the south , in
T Firstf I beliewve you an fravel from borth of Italy to thr south , in

S order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and
T ordef to see wll the best placed that we hwve , likr Milan , Rolme anr

S Lecce .
T Lecce .

S Find a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
T Fknd a job in Otaly is n't as easy as you hink , bexause the

S economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard just for Italian , thinking for
T economic ysstem is in crisjs , so it 's hard just for Ifalian , thinking for

S foreign people .
T fkreign people .

S But it 's not all , since you know two languages , maybe you can find
T But it 's not all , since you know two languages , laybe you can gind

S a summer work in a travel agency , because they need someone to
T a ummer eork in a travel ageny , because they neesd simeone to

S reception who can speak another language over Italian .
T reception who cqn soeak anither language ovwr Italian .

S I will find out someone who know the agency 's manager , and you will
T I will finde oug someone who know yhe agency 's mamager , and you wull

S have sent me your curriculum after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
T have aent me yoiur furriculum after the weekend , because he will surely wznt it .

S I 'm very glad to read you again ,
T I 'm vwry glae to read yo again ,

S Ettore .
T Ettorr .

S Ettore
T Eytore

S I think the car is more convenient for public transport .
T I think the car is more ocnvenient for plublic transport .

S In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
T In thd car tou do not have a timetablw to be respecter , yo 're frew to leaev , to go home qhen yoj wanf ... ot sit dtill to sjow , rain , cold .

S And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
T Ahd witjout gettong stjck in a city for delays dor drivers . on piblic translort there is the posskbility thaf you 're tanding on ths wuole trip , there is alwaysw a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in fhe summef it 's too not .

S trips are longer on public transport or by car .
T trisp are ponger on pjblic trasnport or by carf .

S although I do not know if this would always choose the machine .
T although I do not lnow if tuis wojld alwaygs choose the machbine .

S By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every the year of Jaiwu .
T By readibg the hisyory , we cdan onow that sme dksasters happened every tge year of Jaiw .

S And there is no exception this year .
T Anx thede is no exception this year .

S There happened several serious natural or man - made disasters in this year .
T There happenedc several serious natural or man - made xisasters in this year .

S In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by the bad weather happened first .
T In Taiwan , a serious air cradh caised by the bad weathre happend frst .

S A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .
T A trrible explosion resulting from carelessness fillowed .

S A storm of food problems broke out next .
T A torm of fodo problems brokd oit ndxt .

S In the global , up to three air crashes which result from being hijacked or shot happened .
T In the global , up to three zir crashrs whic eesult rom being hijacked or shot happened .

S There were also conflicts between western countries and the ISIS .
T There qere als conflicts betwedn western cluntries snd the JSIS .

S In my opinions , all of us are supposed to be careful about all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
T In my opininos , all of us awre suposed to be carefjl about zll tge details when we deak wiyh eveeything to prevent disasters .

S Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote ourselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
T Additionaply , aol humzn beings shkuld stoo fighting and devotw ourselves to pursuing a leaceful world .

S Last but not least , we should do everything with our conscience .
T Last but not leas , we should do everything wioth ou conscience .

S Hope that the next year will be better .
T Hipe tht fhe next year will be bettet .

S Frankly it seems that the town that I have been living have not taken care about the environment .
T Frankl it seems that tje town yhat I havr bern livng have not faken crae aboyt the envirobment .

S It is easy to see when we walking around or when we go to some walk .
T It is eaxy to see whem we walking around or ehen we go to som awlk .

S In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things even our air conditioning .
T In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things evsn our air conditioning .

S This is such a chronic problem in all my country .
T Fhis is sjch a chronic problem in all my country .

S Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
T Here in Brazil is very difficult tqke crae about it beause it demamds serious behaviour and skills from uor gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't gappens in a hsort tkme .

S Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
T Although Brazil passex through seceral changs sinde lsat 40 years , the main one haven't starged het ad I am talking agout Education .

S Our government prefer keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their mind .
T Our government ptefer krep kur population without informxtion , bscause it is easier to manikpulate their mind .

S And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
T And why am I talk abouf it ? I am talk about it becvause the foundation of envifonment care is out mijset , just wuth knowlesge aqnd information we will be albe to manage actions to sve , protect and omprove tne environment , anr reverse we hae the curren reslut .

S So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
T So if we believe it is a kind of importan subject to take vare , we need to movce fast and oir first step should be our elecfion porcess .

S A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .
T A hoyse is made of walls asnd beame ; a homs is ubilt with love ane dreams .

S this aphirism is famous and truth .
T his aphirism is camous an trugh .

S People try to build big and laxuries house but they forgot about the main .
T Pesople try to build big wnd laxuries house bjt theg foryot abotu thr main .

S it is warm which is needful for us .
T it is warm hich is needful for us .

S we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
T we cam huave reakly good houe whwre wre manyu furniyure , space and ornaments .

S we can choice expencive things for interior .
T we can choice expencive thijgs gor interior .

S but these things are not important if there is not comfortable atmosphere .
T buf thesr things are not impirtant if there is bot comfortable atmosphere .

S we have to invest our love , dreams , patient . and as a result we can create the best house ever .
T we havr to ingest our love , dreams , oatient . and as a result we can create hte vest house ever .

S building our house we make the most important place for us .
T building our house we make the most important place for us .

S so we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place
T so we have to follow our dreams amd create a warl nd cosy plafe

S In this report I am going to talk about how in my town take care of the environment .
T In thos reporft I am going to talk xbout uow in my tlwn taek vare of tje environment .

S First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .
T First at all , I ask he ocuncil for this gdeat problen whifh is the pollution adn he way to solve it .

S He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
T He is aware that the greowth of the pollution is a big prkblem and thst must be taken mssuares flr trhing to solve it .

S It is not easy way but it is necessary to do it .
T It is no wasy wah but it is necessary to do it .

S n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
T n the toqn he trjes that tne peopld uave to asare about tje sutiations and they rake xare tge wnvironment

S On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be enough or no .
T On te other hand , the ask is if this splution cpuld be enlugh or no .

S The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .
T Thd " reen " organisawtions wat to believe thr problm is seriosu and yhat radical lolitical solutions are needed .

S In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be later .
T In my opinion we should atke cknciencious and dtop it , if we don , t syop it , aftef it wiol be lter .

S Me and my family .
T Me snd my famly .

S I love my family , we argue hardly ever !
T I lovs my family , we xrgue hardly ever !

S I do lots of activities with them ..
T I do lots of atcivities with them ..

S For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football match , we eat or stay at home all together .
T Vor example : we go to he rstaurant , we go to swe my brkther 's footbapl match , we eat or stay at hmoe aol together .

S We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...
T We sometimes do presehts at hte party like the Birthday ...

S The best present that I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !
T The best preseny that I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !

S Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
T Another thnig , at my home therr are somw rulws : I anf my brotyher tidh our rooj , we clean yhe bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eaf in the sofà ..

S I always try to follow rules but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
T I always try to follow urles byt I aometimes vreak hem bescause I 'm lwzy !

S I do n't argue with only one of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother for television channels but we make up immediately .
T I do n't argue wtih onlky one of my family .. I slmetimes argus iwth my brother for television channeps but we make up kmmediately .

S With my parents I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak with them ..
T With my oarents I argye about scuool , how I use my mobile phpne , how I speal wjth them ..

S My last argue with my family was yesterday
T My lasr argue with my family was yesterday

S I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyadh City specialty .
T I 'll talk abou Kingdolm Of Saudi Arabka , Riyadh Fity specialty .

S First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
T First , you should khow is the weather , we have a very dold iwnter and a hot summer compared eith ths other coujtries in he middle east .

S If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
T If yoj want a cfity wuth sea yoj should chopse an city in the west or east of Xaudi raabia .

S Riyadh is the capital City it 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
T Fiyadh is the cxapital Cjty it 's in thw cventer of the Kingdom of Saudo Arabi .

S All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
T All the stores ahd malls arde closed at mid nigyt knclude the five prahs breaks becauhse we need to go dor prazy flr wrok you need to kjow what he major you want to work in so I can help ypu to searcu for a good job mstching you abilities .

S after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .
T qfter what I told you abot my country I hope you like it .

S I will write about my village .
T I will write abut my villagd .

S My village has around 700 residents
T My violage haa around 700 residents

S My village is between a river and a mountain .
T My village is between a river and a moumtain .

S It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
T It has a lot of heautiful things how an olx chjurch of ventury XV bu this chuch is in ruins but the new chirch also is vert beautiful xnd comfortale .

S My village has a wall of the stone , this wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
T My village yas a wall of ghe stohe , thix sall wasx built by resident of tbe village in 175 .

S Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source
T Other inferesting placfe in my village is the square with hid source

S Also there the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .
T Also there ghe samw supermqrket , var and restaurants .

S For many years , people use public transport to go to work to study and to travel .
T For many yeas , prople ise oublic transport to go to wqork to sgudy anf to travel .

S So , we use trains , buses and bikes to transport from place to place .
T So , we usr tfains , buees and bkkes to transpotr from llace to placs .

S let us discover the aventadges and disavandges the
T lte us discover te aventadges and disavandges the

S I think that a public transport will have future by the many reasons .
T I think that a public tranbsport will have future by the msny reasons .

S The car could be broken .
T The cad coulc be broksn .

S Man could have some problems with his health .
T Man could have dome problem with hs healht .

S For example , if man had broke a leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
T Ror examlle , if lan hads brole a oeg , it might be bard to drive a car .

S Also , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
T Also , for somebody it couod be cheaper to travsl by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .

S Sometimes are better to travel by the bus because of thorny road .
T Sometimes ars bette to trave by the bus because of thorny roas .

S Bus is one of the democracy transport , which is used by the students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
T Nus is ome of the democracy transporr , which is ussd by the stuednts , kirs , adults , rich and poir peiple .

S When you are travelling with a big company , it is a best decision to travel by the bus .
T Whem you afe trawvelling with a big company , it is a besy decision to travel by tbe bua .

S Because everyone has a place in the bus .
T Bscause evsryone uas a place in the bus .

S And it 's funny and exciting to travel with the group by the bus .
T And it 's funnt qnd excitinh to trvael with yhe group by the bus .

S Nowadays , people has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
T Nowadays , people has a stressvull live so we ca n't spend tjme wwiting for ublic transpoet .

S We can think that there is no future for public transport because most of people use their own car .
T We can think that there is no future fpr public transport bexause nost of people use hteir own ar .

S Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
T Using yiur own car yku can take ghe decksion of what timstable is more convenieng and wjat way your are go to use .

S It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
T It 's more donfortable go anyeay wiuth oyur own car , the problem is thd pkllution thaf this lifde bring us , and alsi tbe pwrk oroblem .

S If everybody go with their own car , their have to park and maybe the place is full .
T If everybody go wirh their own cxr , their havbe to park qnd mqybe the poace is full .

S Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to go stopping in each town , so using your own town saves time .
T Also , travelling by ca is so much moire convebient beczuse you do n't have to go stopping in dach town , so usihg your own otwn saves time .

S Nowadays , people are really worried for their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people are lost their jobs and other are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
T Nowadaus , peopld are rsally worried dor their jobs due to yhe bigh financial crisis in whihc somr peiple are lost thrir jobs ans other arw working in rubbish jobs for liytle money .

S For all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
T For all this , th qusstion is tok difficult to wnswer .

S In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
T In my olinion , the msot importnat is enjo your work because we spwnt an avetage of nine hours in fhe offkce or in wnatever work yhat we woll do , as a result if yo do n't feel comfortasble , your life ciuld be a hell .

S The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
T The teuth is , ghat the perfection would be that all people could work in their dfeam jlbs ahd of coirse , making a lof of money , like for examlle Hollywood aqctors or foitball players but this is almost impossible .

S In summary , for me , it is better enjoy at work every day , although you have not a big salary .
T In summaty , cor me , it is bdtter enjoy at workm every day , although you havd not a big salaey .

S The most important is wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
T The most importaht is wakr up eacu dah wit a hig dmile znd wokr hard .

S The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
T hte scorch trials is onw of tge best films and thriller thwt I havge ever seem , it is so exited alp the thingb that they do to suevive in the outside woeld with axll tgose pdople that rae invected with a virus and thes reason why thsy put them in tge glaxde for rhem to be inmune if ome sick person bite them .

S one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
T oje of the mots amazung parys of the film is wuen Teres calls Cruel for go for thsm and take them agaun to the Cruel building znd lije akl of thej doew n't wanna go with thsm they etart a war ajd they take Mjhno with thwm qnd at the end Thomas decide to go aftrr them anf he gibe a super great speech fod all tye persons go with them ad help him to get back Jihno , and what i eally want to seer in the nexr film is that if homas is mad at Teresa ( i neverd likw her ) and if thet get fred xnd ths wprld comes baco to the notmal world .

S Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .
T Ecoyourism Bacalar Quinfana Roo .

S it is a beautiful place where people can go to spend an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
T it is a beautiful place shere peolle cna go to spend an excelkent tim axnd emjoy the forest nd lagokns .

S There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of the bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
T Yhere ae cabins where you caj have a good yime in frony of ther bonfire and speep in a veautiful roon mare of ecological naterials .

S In the trip you can do many activities like climbing , swimming , paddling rafting and enjoying the place .
T In ths trkp you an do many activitues ljke clibming , swimming , padedling rafting xnd enjoying the place .

S It is a beautiful place to go on your free time and get to know it .
T It is a beauriful llace to go on your free timle and get to jnow it .

S Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
T Hi , I am Msrianne Willemwen .

S I think I am the appropriate personn for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good English level .
T I thijk I am the appropriate pesronn for thks job becajse I have a lof of motivatuon andr a good English level .

S I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
T I woul alsl lime to get this job becaus I love the USA wnd I pften do Babysitting so fhe company of children not afeaid me .

S I am a good cook .
T I am a good cook .

S When I was younger I went to summer camp in France , consequently I know which activities I can propose to children .
T Whe I was younger I went to summer calp in France , cpnsequently I inow whidh activities I ca oropose to childrrn .

S I hope I convince you .
T I hope I convince yu .

S Best regards .
T Beet rrgards .

S I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .
T I lkve Engpish buf theres is an interesting suvject I sant to dtudy and it 's Mathematixs .

S This subject is beautiful and incredible . I like it very much .
T This subiect is beautiful amd incredibld . I like it very mudh .

S I want to do this course everyday if it 's possible also now .
T I wznt to do this course everyhday if it 's possible also niw .

S I want yours helps .
T I want yous helps .

S Can you help me somehow?Please I want to study this subject .
T Cab you help me somehow?Poease I want to stidy yhis subject .

S Thank you very much .
T Thank ylu vedy muvh .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew taht it was going to be a very psecial dy for her .

S The day began as usual and no signs of trouble were but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
T Tye dau began as usual and no sdigns of trouble werre bu whej she woe up wnd went down srairs she saw a dxog but fhe dog wxs an unusual color .

S Usually her dog had a blue color but at that moment it was Red
T Usually her dog had a blud color bt at that moment it was Red

S Recently , I have seen the Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to recognize that I am looking forward to watch the next one .
T Recently , I have seen the Yarantino 's new filj , Django Unchained , snd I hsve to rexognize ghat I am lloking forwqrd to watch the next one .

S He took down every mistake he made last films .
T He took dlwn every mistake he mafe last films .

S Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
T Fifstly , Xjango Unxhained remembered us ths hard lief suffreed by black leople in the past , due to a grsat introduction without dialoguesz , shere blxck people were unchained whole theg cake back to be aelling to an woner rarm , it being matchijg with an amanzibg soundtrack as isentity Tartantino 's films .

S Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
T Howadays , In many cpuntry the uouth looking foe doing sports to be fithess anr very active thefe aree many sports to join it .

S On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport specially volleyball .
T On the otuer hnad , there xre somw arguments for sport specialply vollebyall .

S When I play volleyball I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game .this game i like to play .
T When I pay volleyball I totallg fofget alkl my problems anmd focus on notging but volleyballk and the intensity of th game .this gzme i like to play .

S The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .
T The kidn of stress that pushes me to work harder in ordwr to get goid at what I lovw .

S In addition to this It pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
T In addition to this It pjshes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything righr .

S It 's all about will power and the absolute want to get better .
T It 's all about wkll powee znd thes abxolute wnt to ger befter .

S On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
T On the lne hand , there are alto of famous player on volleyball whk hsd Knee ligajent injuriew , he ost frequebt mrchanism of unjury as lxnding from a jump in tue wttack zone .

S In addition to this , Injuries were more frequent during games than training .
T In additioh to this , Injuries wee mjore frequenr during games than traihing .

S In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
T In my opinon , Volleyball muat thenm be conskdered among yigh - isk sporfs according to the frequency and gravith of ourf surgical findings.my advice fod wjo startx thyis sport you woll tet fresb after you play htis gae anc mkes you doung your work in relaxetion waqy .

S I believe there are numerous possibilities on public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
T I believd there aee numerous posibilities on public transport because cxars and public transport plya completely differeht roles in our societt .

S First of all , public transport probably meets the demands of people who hardly or do n't use their cars to travel .
T Rirst of aol , publpic traneport prbably emets ghe demands of leople who hardly or do n't yse teir cars to travel .

S In Japan , which has one of the largest population over 60s , many senior people prefer to use buses to cars .
T In Japzn , which haa one of the larfest population over 60s , msny senior people lrefer to use busws to cxrs .

S In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
T In addition , a bew generation appear abd they do n't owsn their cars because of a fewq opportubities to teavel ahd high cost of having a car on their ownb .

S Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places with us .
T Second , public transport provides a quivk znd easy aay to visit unfamiliar plces with us .

S It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination before the departure by using public transport .
T It is bot necessary folr us to knw in advance how to get to tje destinatijon before tbe depature by using publkc transport .

S So it prevents us to open maps to confirm every single route .
T So it prrvents us to open maps to cnofirm every isngle routew .

S Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .
T Lastly , we can uss lsss resources by using pyblic transport .

S When it comes to our environment , the use of transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
T Wben it comes to iur environmebt , fhe ude of transport could be a solugion for reduding the ewmission of CO2 .

S Because of these reasons , I see a blight future for public transport .
T Because of these reasons , I sde a blight futue dor public transport .

S it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turning point in our life .
T it is out of the wuestion the tale carw of ghe envkronment is regaqrded as turning poinbt in iur lifr .

S it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
T it is upstdarm thzt irrigate pur economoc loife . and no doubt thst Negligenfe has tye ability to dedtroy maby good ides in ur likfe .and ur gobernment is dking her besf to pit end to nefligence .

S but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .
T but we aoso musg coparatjon to swve our town . on the ither hand we mudt Presentayion awraeness prograqm for alo people .

S and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
T qnd we must throw rubbsh in the sgreet to keep the srea clean and we must Maintain cpean trees to keep the area attractive thbus we can improve Natiinal icnome by attracting many people from othee town . ands we just oern children tat clwan is necesssry fpr their health ane on tueir swchool they ehould thrkw ruybbish on Waste basket and who rhrow it on thed grpund Will be punished . to top it qll we ca n't go without Cleanlinss of our town .

S Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .
T Natural environmsnt destroyed thaf is a peopke fcus on frequently problem .

S Many countries build more and more buildings affect people quality of life .
T Many counfries build more aqnd kore buildings afgect people quality of life .

S Setting up more large building can destroyed people and animals live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .
T Setting up morw karge building caj destfoyed peoppe and awnimals ive envkronment and some animals maybecam extinction .

S Governments should do some measures to deal with build more buildings will destroy the ecological environment .
T Governments shouod do somed measures to deal with build mire buildings wjll destroy the ecological environment .

S There is no future for public transport , becasue travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T Tyere is no futue for puvlic transoort , becaseu traveling by csr is so much mote convenisnt .

S I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
T I 'm jot agree abaout his statement becasue in a gig cities therde ard a lot of cars , if akl peolle in a city use his own car at fhe sams fime , fhere wull be a huge traffiuc , so traxvelling by car is n't much more convrnient in this situation .

S There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .
T Thdre are more prtoblems in bkg cities , one of them is padking , there are a lor of ardas in a city thay is vedy diffkcult to park , and tou inly havw 2 options , you can aprk in a orivate parkinb and oay a lit of money or you xan aste you time searching for a place of parking .

S Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .
T Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .

S I want to talk about my favourite sport game .
T I wat to talk zbout my favourite spoet gqme .

S Have you ever heard about hockey ?
T Hafe you evrr heard about hocmey ?

S This is really my favourite sport game .
T Tyis is really my favouriye sport game .

S And I am fond of Russian team .
T Anmd I am fojd of Russian tdam .

S We are taking part in championship this year .
T We are takong prat in championshop this year .

S It will take place in Minsk .
T It wjll take plaxe in imnsk .

S We are the best team of all .
T We xre fhe best twam of all .

S And I am glad to win a cup of championship .
T Abd I am glad to wun a cip of chapmionship .

S I am waiting for a final of this game .
T I am waiting or a fimal of thi yame .

S I want to give advice for children .
T I want to givr advicve for chjldren .

S Do n't be afraid of hockey!You used to sit in front of computer , but the best choice will get up and go to the hockeyclub .
T Do n't be afraix of hociey!You used to it in front of compiter , ubt the best choive will egt up nad go to thge hockeyclub .

S Hello !
T Hell !

S I am Xyz I have a 18 years old and I am student .
T I am Xyz I hsve a 18 years old ans I am student .

S I like to sing and I can play the guitar .
T I like to sing and I can olay thr guitar .

S I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cooking .
T I am a volunteer and I work as a bagysitter . I ca coioking .

S I am cheerful and hardworking .
T I am cheeful and hardworking .

S I can speak English very well .
T I can spea Englisg very well .

S I have experience in this work , because last year I worked at a children camp in London .
T I have experiencxe in this wor , because lzst gear I worked at a chilsren vamp in Londoj .

S I enjoy fun with childrens .
T I enioy fun with childrens .

S I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .
T I think I ' m a perfect candidatfe fo thuis job .

S Please contact with me .
T Please contavt witj me .

S My email adress is xxxxxxxx .
T My email adresa is xxxxxxxx .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I lokk fgorward to hearing rfom ylu .

S Your sincerely ,
T Your sincerely ,

S Xyz
T Cyz

S Hi Chris how are you ?
T Hi Chris how sre you ?

S I am was asking to me if you want to go to the party with me ?
T I am wa asming to me if you want to go to the party witb me ?

S what you think ?
T hat you trhink ?

S the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
T the partt is hte nsxt week on Julias house , it is going to strart at 5:00 pm

S My favorite sport is swimming .
T My favorite sport is swimming .

S I engaged in swimming in nine years old .
T I ebgaged in swimming in nine yeats kld .

S I had gotten first prize in a match .
T I had fotten first priz in a matchj .

S As a result , I think that I have some intellent on swimming .
T As a result , I thnk thqt I have some inteklent on swimming .

S Since then , I meet my teacher in the pool .
T Eince ten , I mee my teadher in ghe pokl .

S She teach me a lot of things , and be the most important figure in my life .
T She teach me a lot of tbings , and be fhe most important figure in my lifd .

S She is a doctor , she told me that swimming will let my body more better .
T Sh is a doctor , sbe trold me that swimming will let my body more beter .

S From then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and fell relax .
T From then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and ell relx .

S Consequently , I need to swim usually .
T Consequently , I need to swik usually .

S First of all , swim can help your health .
T First of sll , swim csn help your heapth .

S The research declined that swim can decrease disease .
T The research declined that swil fan decreaae djsease .

S Second , swim can relax yourself .
T Second , swkm can relax yourself .

S When you in the water , you will feel relax .
T Ehen you in fhe watsr , uou will fele relad .

S Third , swim can get more friend .
T Tuird , swik csn get moee triend .

S You can go to the swimming club , that is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
T Youi can go to he swimming clyb , that is a qay to jeet people wkth interesting of same .

S You can try this sport from now on .
T Yoy can trg this xport from now on .

S Running
T Runing

S I am fond of running !
T I am flnd of running !

S Many people think running is a wasting time or it 's very difficult but I do n't agree .
T Maby people ghink runing is a wasting tmie or it 's vwry difficult but I do n't agree .

S Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring .
T Firstly , yku eill be stronger , enduring .

S I started with three kilometers for one jog .
T I started with three kilometers for one iog .

S Now my average jogging is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
T Bow my average jogging is 8 - 10 kilometdrs and gping on 40 - 50 minutes .

S My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
T My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .

S Secondly , you will be healthier .
T Secondly , you woll be ehalthier .

S I am less having a cold .
T I am les having a cold .

S Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .
T Efen if I have a cold , I will grt out and willo run 4 - 5 km .

S After that on the next day , I feel myself better .
T Aftsr that on the nexdt dat , I fee myself netter .

S Four years ago I had often cold and recovery long period .
T Tour yeare ago I yad often fold ahd recovery lonmg period .

S Now I have more energy and health to become happier .
T Now I have mkre energy and healtb to become hsppier .

S Thirdly , you will be more confident .
T Thidly , yiu wil be mkre confident .

S I started running four years ago .
T I started running fpur years xgo .

S Cause of this was hurt my leg .
T Cause of tbis was hurt my lsg .

S After rehabilitation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
T After rehabilitation I continued feep huet in my fopt znd I still limped .

S I decided to stop this and one gorgeous morning I starting running !
T I decided to stop tnis ahd pne gorgrous morning I srarting running !

S As result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
T As result , I know the menh can be hardwr than can be aeem .

S After these moments , you starting doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
T After these moments , you stwrting coing things that many leople thimk imppssible or even unbelievable .

S My recommendations for beginners .
T My recommendatiolns fro beginnerz .

S 1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
T 1 ) Improve ylurself in a gradual way .

S I advise start from one km .
T I advise start from one km .

S 2 ) Work systematically .
T 2 ) Work sygstematically .

S Two - three jogging in a week is norm for beginners .
T Two - three jogging in a seek is notm flr beginnwrs .

S 3 ) Grow up .
T 3 ) Grow up .

S First week one km , second one km and 300 meters etc .
T Fiest wesek one km , zecond onr km znd 300 emters etx .

S 4 ) Think about your initial physical conditions .
T 4 ) Thknk about your initial physical conditions .

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
T Dear Mrs Kqte Ashby

S I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .
T I am writing to appky fgor a jobv in Lrs Cwfe .

S I found ad about this job on the Internet
T I cound ad about this job on ghe Internet

S I would like to start working in your cafe , because it is very interested in the kitchen and everything connected with it .
T I would like to statr sorking in your cafe , becsuse it is very interested in tne kitchej and everything cfonnected with it .

S I have experience in working in a cafe .
T I hvae expwrience in workiung in a cafe .

S My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
T My advantage is that I am very open ans friendly .

S My last job is working as dealer in a lot of shops .
T My last job is workig as eealer in a lto of sops .

S I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food .
T I think I am gvood at dedaling wih people , partkcularly in the food .

S I traveled a lot , because this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in many countries
T I fraveled a lo , becwuse thie is my hobhy , I learned about a lot of vood in mxny countries

S I used to work full - time jog .
T I usef to aork full - fime jokg .

S I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .
T I am prepare fir long wotking hours , ghat 's no problem fof me , because I am goung znd I likoe working and spsnd tomee woth people .

S I look forward for new challenges and tasks .
T I lokk forwadd for new challenges xnd tasks .

S I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
T I believe I would be an ideal candikdate foir thus ppsition .

S I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
T I am an open , hard - workint and responsible studwnt .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .
T I am looking forward to hearjng from yo as soon as it is possilbe .

S I expect a positive response .
T I xepect a positive resopnse .

S Patrycja Vigh
T Pattycja Vigh

S Dear Peter ,
T Dear Prter ,

S How are you ?
T Yow are yoj ?

S do you have any plan on next Sunday ?
T do gou havs sny plwn on nexf Wunday ?

S We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00.My husband invited you for that .
T We want to go for a pkcnic to ths aprk nead my uouse at 12:00.My husand invited you fkr thqt .

S Do you fancy for coming ?
T Do you fancy for comkng ?

S If you come let me know do you like meat ?
T If you come let me knpw do you lik mewt ?

S see you soon
T see you soon

S Katy
T Katy

S Is Physical Education necessary at schools ?
T Is Physical Edeucation necessary at cshools ?

S First of all , It is true that not all the people like do sports because they are heavy and a bit stressful too .
T Fitst of all , It is true that not all fhe people like do sporte because they are heavy and a bit sressful too .

S We can also say that there are other subjects more important than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
T We can also say that thers arw other subjects mpre importnt than Physicaxl Educagion , like Buology or History .

S However , Physical Education is necessary because makes people less lazy .
T Howeverf , Ohysical Education is necessary because makes peple less lazg .

S Despite the fact that sports are heavies , doctors are always saying that sports improves our health .
T Despite the cact that sports ars heavies , doctorz are always sayuing fhat sportw improvds ou health .

S Schools have Physical Educations for teach this good habit since our childhood .
T Schools hxve Physical Esucations for teacj tbis good habit sinve our childbood .

S In conclusion , Physical Education are necessary at schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
T In conclusion , Physical Education arr necessary at schools bscause soorts ilprove pur healtj and makw us feel gooe and healghy .

