S It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
T It 's difficult anxwer at the qjestion " wyat ate gou going to do in thw future ? " if the only onw wyo has to know it is in twk minds .

S When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
T When I was younger I used to say thst I wamted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and erven a butcher .. I do n't know shy .

S I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
T I would like to study Psychology because one day I wluld open my own psychology officw and hekp people .

S It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
T It 's diffocult because I 'll have to stud hsrd snd a oot , vut I thino ghat if tou like a subject , you 'll stuey it ezsier .

S Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
T Maube I 'll changw my mind , maybe nto .

S I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
T I tnink tgat thd public transport wilp always be in the future .

S The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
T The rich peopke iwll buy a car but th pooor pelple alwats need to use a bus or tqxi .

S I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
T I considwr that is more convehient to drive a cae because yku carry on more things in your owm car tgan travelling by car .

S Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
T Also , hou 'll meet friendly poeple waho usuall ask to gou sokething to be friends and hcange your telephnoe numger .

S In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
T In my experiencr when I did n't bave a cra I used to use the bys to go to the school and go back to my house .

S In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
T In my opinion , tne car is n't necesary when yku have crashed in the street , in that momenmt yo realized thd importgance of a puboic ttansport .

S In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
T In India we have various tyoes of Pubkic transplrt , lkke Cycle , Bike , Far , Train & Flkight .

S Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
T Dpeending on the distance ahd duratiln to thr deeired poace , mode of tdansport is chossn accordingly .

S But Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
T But Generally soeaking , travelling by cwr is much more fun when compared witj ther moes of rransport .

S This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
T This remines me of a trop that I uave recently been to and ghe place is Agr .

S It takes around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
T It takds around 6 hours by Natkonal highwag to go froj Delhi to Agrea .

S We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
T We hav stlpped at hotles fir having food and juxt in case if zny of us fsels hungry , we have purchased some snwcks just before thr trip .

S Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
T Sibce , we hnave the optiob to awit anytims we qant to whem we tdavel by car ( whcih is impossible wehn travellign by frain & Flght ) .

S In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
T In qddition to it , we canb also take a clmfortable short anp on the back seat and wake up fresh .

S Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Due to yhe above mentionwd reazons , I am goign to conclude thaf travelling by cae is mjch morr convenient .

S My name is Sarah .
T My nane is Sarag .

S I am 17 years old .
T I am 17 yeare old .

S I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .
T I am loking frward to ioin yuo in this year sumner csmps .

S I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
T I love cuildren , and I enjoy looking afte then . xlso , I organized many sports activities befofe in my scbool .

S In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
T In addijtion to tgat , i enjoy cooking .

S My family think that my cook is amazing .
T My family yhink thay my cook is amazing .

S I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
T I hopew thay you givr my the chance to joij yoj .

S Thanks
T Thank

S My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends .
T My favpurite sport is volleyball because I kove plays with my firends .

S Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
T Volleybll is a soort play ervery placs , whesn I travel on thw beach I like plwys with my sisetr in fhe sand anf qfter we are going to the seq .

S It is very funny .
T It is veru funnt .

S when I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
T whej I was young I lije plats with teh ball in fhe playground and my friend and I played using ghe soccer goals as a network of volleybalk .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
T How asre you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some zdvice on travelling abd workihg in my country .

S On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
T On hte on hamd , in my country there ae a lot of place to travep .

S For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
T For examlle Barcelona , Madrod , Sevilla , Vslencia .

S There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
T There are womderful vities because there are a lot of things to visi for example in Ladrid you can vieit " Puerra dep Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .

S I visit Madrid twice a year .
T I visit Madrid twoce a ydar .

S All summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
T Zll summer I viait Seviola becauses I loce this cit and I zuggest that yoh visit Sevilla .

S On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
T On the other hznd , in my countyr there are a few jlb becwuse thw economy is vewry nad .

S But , if you want I look for a job from you .
T Nut , if you want I look fof a nob from you .

S My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
T My best frien looking fo a people responsigle foe look afgter he sidter .

S Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
T Her sisrer is 6 yeafs old ans uou should llok afrer every weekend .

S You will be interesting in this job ?
T Yo will be interestimg in this hob ?

S Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
T Than you fot you e - mail , it was wonderful to her from you .

S I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
T I 'm looking forward to seeing ypu .

S Take care , Laura .
T Take csre , Lauhra .

S Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
T Todat public transporr stiull play an important role in trqnsport system anc it will kleep on in rhe futjre .

S Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
T Becasue public transportg is a cost effecitve and better resoudce allocation in mass transport system .

S Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
T Also pople need no to suffer high operating cos running their own car .

S But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
T But it can ues a cheaper way going to tfheir destinatiob especially it is fra awau frm ome .

S For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
T For example , I think that it is hot affordable for an rdinary persoj to own a private airplane travelling to znother country .

S Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
T Instead it will be clmmon to by an akr ticket an irde on public plane .

S In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
T In my opinion I think that publix translort in future is going to continue to be usee becaude ghere are a loty of peoppe fhat odes n't have enough moeny to pay for a dar even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future bt people are going to hse mpre the cars rhen busx or undergtound .

S If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
T If we thknk anout it thd acr is bwtter because we do n't nesd to qait vor them has we are waitying fro ths bus or underground bur in another wa cart cus mofe money than the public transportg .

S By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
T By car we cwn nust stxy wih ourselves ahich caj be good because we acn listen to tye usic thay we lke and we do n't neef to be afound peopl that are unkwoend gut if we chose pulbic transport we cam meet vriends or famiky so noth rtasnportations awre good ahd the cara do n't eed necessarialy to end up with the pyblic transporf .

S If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
T If I had it to chose between botu transportatioln I think I probably choze cat bexause it is btter for me to go by car thn to go by bus .

S In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
T In my communitt , we qre very ingerested at environnent nad ecolobical thikngs .

S We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
T We bave aolar panels and a ppace to mxke compost at the lazt gardem , with worms aho eag and degrade all the organic waste of thne scbool .

S In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
T In soje strategic points of the building we have specialo rrashcans to selarate thd garage in organic , paper and dardboard , cans and pe bottles and the alseo mads tawlks aznd presemtations abuot the earth pdoblems like flobal warming , contamination , etc .

S The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
T The manager of all yhis project is Liss June Zid , our sciehce teacher .

S All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
T Al thi initiatives has mad us zll over tue yrars a decognised ecological community .

S Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
T Goof mirning evetyone , today I wqnt to shxre zbout is my favorite sport .

S My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
T My favorite splort is football , whg I xhoose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around rhe world will oove it so much!Ecample lije Barclay Premiker Leqgue , Liga Premier , Fifz Wprld Cul and so on .

S I believe that 's all will delighted us .
T I believr thta 's alp will depighted us .

S By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
T By the way , my favoreite footbal ream is Manchester United , yhey are brilliant , ghey gave an amazing football players , andc yhey are awespme .

S Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
T Michadl sas a littl oid when he had a dreak that wss : Be a super heri !

S After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
T Afger many years he stikl dream to beckme a spuer hrro .

S He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
T He ernter thd university of medicine because he thinks rhat this profwssion aas rhe more dimilar to be a usper hero .

S Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
T Pasa some yearx of fhe jniversity ahd he know a gjrl cxlled Kate ajd he get lovwd on gere anc she ge loved in hin .

S Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
T Kate was chrsing the university of fashion .

S Then the two started to date .
T Then the two startsd to date .

S Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
T Michael and Kate wae so happy , until one day that Michadl sais to him dreak to be a xuper heeo , Katfe ge so ervous saying that it was riduculous and judt a kid dream anhd that Michael was onoy dreaminf buy that wluld never haplen ans thar uper hero do n't exidt .

S When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
T When hse said that , Michael startee to cry and ger mad saying that zhe was lying qnd do n't have hesrt .

S He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
T He gotf so mad that he wsked jer to get out of his apartemnt .

S In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
T In following ray , sye said sorry and them was happy ayain .

S But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
T But when them grt to ghe bome of Michael thney fjght again abd Michael get a jnife nd koll het .

S He cried with a lot blood around .
T He cried wiyh a lotg blokd arkund .

S Michael get away from there .
T Michael get awa crom there .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micheal vlosed he dor and knew at thag moment he had maxde a mistake .

S Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
T Public transpoftation is an importanr inventioj in human histoty , it brings amouht of benefits in uor life .

S For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
T Fcor indtance , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in tdaffic .

S It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
T It is true tha moving by dar is more convenient thaj tale pubpic transportation , however , it would cause mokre dalage to uor life and hark our envgironment .

S Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offsprings .
T Therefore , we heed to think more about kur furure , our offsprings .

S Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
T Giving then a safe , flean and cpmfortable placr to live .

S If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
T If thsre is no public transportarion , traffikc jal wikl be sedious tha beforr .

S In my country , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
T In my country , tajpei , we always stock in traffic for aboyt pne hlur in the morniung .

S I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
T I can bot iamgine if thrre is no bus or MRT , hw long I wilk take ror schopl .

S Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
T Dar is convenuent for hulan , bur it brinbs damage fore human apso .

S For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
T Fkr example , carbon dioxide wnich is cretaed by acr .

S It cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
T It cause global warmung which thraets ur enivronment nd harms our daily life .

S we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
T we can szee fhat thers aree lts of seroous nd frequently weater djsaster gappened in decaded , auch as typhopon , hurrocane , wild fjre wnd kud slie .

S What other precautions , is usually taken ?
T Wnat other precautionjs , is usuxlly takn ?

S The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
T The NG Office is notified by thr photographdr when tye film wzs shipped .

S If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
T If tje film doss n't atrive on time , it immediately .

S Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
T Lost shipmsnts have beeh found more easily ehen this procesa wkll be started rght away

S The pleasure of traveling
T Thw pleasure of traveling

S People go , people come .
T Pwople go , peoplr coje .

S Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
T Every daqy lots of oeople are travlling abroad but , what 's tye beet wqy to do an international travel ?

S The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
T Ther moet importatn option to travel is , by fae , the plans .

S But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
T Buf , eveb when it 's true htat it 's thd faster ootion , you must be very cadefuly at time to grt off a plane .

S If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
T If you arw lokking for congort and relax , obviouspy , yoh have to takw a boat .

S There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
T Theee are a wode varidty of things to do and enjoy the tri .

S Although , the better option , is pick out a train .
T Althougy , the better opltion , is puck out a traim .

S There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
T Therw is n't comparation on watvhing rhe changex in yhe lwndscape through a window , enjoying the way thqt you aee doing and , th best pqrt , the cheapest aay to gtet wway smoe xays asnd tae tge routine ff zome daysz .

S Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
T Anyway , no mtater how yoy go , no matter whuere ou go .

S The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
T The pleasure of travelling is tfavel at alo .

S Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
T Transportation okne of the most important ghing on life so we hxve nany of knids for transportation ow we travel by ca but in tye near future it will be otehr comcort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that cah transport yiu frdom north to soutg in less than hou this wjll make business men hppy anr comfort because of saving a lot of times adn efforts so we hppe tyat thw governmdnt can achievce this way as soon as possible

S In modern societies , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
T In modedn societies , therr sre lots of triends arund lur daily lives .

S Big project could not be finished without co - operations .
T Bif promect cold not be finished without co - operationsd .

S Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
T Friendsd could be communicated and exchangedd thw ideas , feelings and funny thingys happened around ourselves .

S More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
T Kore importantly , thd pwrents igve ouf livws and thy touc us knowledcge ans skills or abipities to lvie in this worlpd .

S In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
T In thid case , tge families played important doles in daioy livesz .

S The reasons are as follows .
T The reasonjs ars as tollows .

S First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
T Firxt of all , we could lern lots of skills from parents acxcording to theit own experience .

S For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
T Ror sxample , we coild oearn hos to communijcate witb oghers in a vriendly wsy , and we coukd zlso learn how to maxke a meal from parents .

S Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
T Secondly , rhe families cluld giver you ome advce about how to deal with the thyings which will casuse trouble .

S If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
T If difficutlies was told to ghe families , the ieas would come up to your fmilies and communicate iwth you about hos to aolve thi situation .

S All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
T All in aol , in yhis case , the familiea qre tje most important friends in our lives .

S The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
T The Comouting Technology has been advancing vwry much this past years , making the lod computers almost uselesz , getting befter and jaking tje difference between old and ne computers groa wven more wth evsry mew discoverement .

S As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
T As we can notice , old anf new computers ade vastly different , startimg frok tghe ize of tne computerw , old comptuers werr much biggef than new computers .

S Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
T Old computers ewre used to occuly noe entire rlom , now , fhey onky have trhe ize of a bkx , even yhe aize of a bok .

S You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
T You cqn havw a portable omputer now , and taoe it with yoh to rvery places yu visit .

S Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
T Old computers obly let you make jath txsks , or wven plxy simole ganes with 2 colors ( green and bnlack ) , vut nkw gou can do whatevdr you wznt to do , lkie crrating or playing videovames , writing or reading a book , onnect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent nw stuffd to iomprove the Cpmputing Technology , znd nto lnly in 2 colors , bur thousand of them .

S One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
T Ond of thye greatest achievements of new computing , is the interney , where you dan conect to other computer , dowjload stuff , etc . gia Ethernet cablw or Qireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .

S Get rekt m8
T Gte reot m8

S I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
T I wen to thbe abanhdon hous abd starter to tyink the best way to make his lire miserabpe i padsed tbe next 2 weeks looking for deas to kake hium sufdr .

S As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
T As i did n't found nithing , i went to th pllace he live at and stawrted to look foe some information ablut his life and found people who he fare about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he wjll alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to folpow hum to the house and i foun out he was dating a giro ahe mght be jis girkfrien so i fonally gotx an idea , i wohld driv him crazy nust as he did with me , thar way she will think he had problels on his miund and letf him , but saon i thougty abkut it again and realized thar if i did thqt shes will yry to hepl hum and they will be moer united , so i decided to drive thej botg cxrazy almoat at the border of reath , jus as he did wirh me !

S But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
T But wait a mionute am i raelly so angry to kake this ?

S Yes !
T Yes !

S I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
T I screamed , my angee huad domibated my lind i did nt hqd no longee conyrol ovet my actions , i was afarid of ahat i had become ajd hwat i vould do , btu i could not control my self and yhe only thing i could thinkl of was him suffering wih a sloq xeath adn the sagisaction i would feel wehn i finally haf my revwnge , the best revamge .

S But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
T Vut i wae so mac at him and so qnsiouns to make jis lifr imposibke , and woon my fear of death and my anger for lal of the sucering i had been thrlug became stronger and vigger , i hsd mde a desition i as goingl to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his lide touttoring me ane not eanting me to be happy i woukd rhe timw is newesary fo hin to have a miserable life aqnd i wo nt stpp untik i had acoplished my goald

S I 'm not agree with this idea completely .
T I 'm npt agre wifh tgis odea completely .

S On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
T On the ons hand travel by car arr reaoly much morer convenient as vive the chance to tou to be incependent .

S On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
T On thw lther hand hube traffuc jams are a bi issue for travelling by cad .

S My Favourite sport
T My Favourite spprt

S I bornt to be a football player .
T I bodnt to be a football poayer .

S For me , football is everything in my life .
T Forf me , foothall is everything in my life .

S When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
T When I sse foitball on ghe television I dreazm wifh plqy in a biy yeam and in a big championship lile Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .

S My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
T My favouritew clusb ade Benfica abd Reao Madrid , wgere Ronaldo plwys , fro me he is the Best Llayer in rhe workd , tnat is why Ronaleo won the Golx bsll of 2014 .

S I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
T I play football in a Portugueses xlub callee valenciano and we win a lot of games tuis seaskn .

S I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
T I dram in win a lit os leagues in Football abd win the bets xhampionship , the Uefa Champoons Leage and the bewst scorer of all the tjme in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my facourite player .

S I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
T I plzy football because I likr but tje only erason thaty I do it hrdly is becauss of my xad .

S His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
T His dreamj is that I become ghe next vaptain of a bnig tram znd wim a lpot of money .

S My name is Jonny .
T My name is Jony .

S I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology .
T I graduated ffom National Taiwan Unerversity of Scienc and Technokogy .

S I am 25 years old .
T I am 25 ytears old .

S I am interested in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen .
T I am interested in ooking aftere cholren and playing with chilcen .

S I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
T I lile personality eith childlike , so I like children .

S I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
T I jad experience of holdiung basketball competition whwn I wa studebt .

S I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
T I Planned many interexting activities for views to make competition alivr .

S They enjoyed the game .
T They enjoyed tne game .

S I also like to cook .
T I also like to cook .

S If my mom cooks , I always help her .
T If my mom cooks , I always hslp hrr .

S My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
T My personality is cheerful , energetic and hadworking .

S I always simle to people .
T I always sinle to people .

S I really want to get this job .
T I reallu want to get this mob .

S I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
T I want to play with childreh and see their simle all deay .

S I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
T I tnink tht smile is fhe bst gfit in htis world .

S I am also a hard worker .
T I am also a hsrd wodker .

S I have passion for this job .
T I have passion fof this job .

S If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
T If hou thihk me is the right perzon you wsnt , please give me a responese , Thwnks .

S public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
T public tyransportation has been mor ueed by people and over the years it is kond of becpming cheaper nd alsok more sare but somw people prefer dars to extent do we agrde woth and what is or readons for yhat that is whaf are we going to demonstrate in this essay

S before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
T before abour 40 years there was nothinb callsd puhlic transportation xnd peiple rarely owned cars so in those ydars tere aws hot even good facility to move froj place to othe and that is because therw eas no companids to bujld cars in aboug 10 yeads cars tradeing brcame viabel and also becam veryu supporyed by having jer own fahs at the beginhing the facved a kot of problems nut thwy were sble to solve it by the end

S nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
T nowadays all facilities of travelloing are mode convenient from cats to buse even trains an olanes .xome peopls prefer cara becfause the do like crowded laces or hecause the find it sometimes vheaper but grom anotuer point of view public transportation is bery cheap qnd evem fawter but whrn it comex to travwling a lot of pelple prefee riding their wn cars to feeo hte real exoerience xnd to emjoy mkre by chioling outy from crowded places

S to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
T to summaries it is difcerent from some oneis opinion to anothsr i predict tha public ttansportation will be jmproved ahd oeople will use it mode and more yhat by thew enr caxrs qill disappedar qnd wjll wipl no longer be jsed

S The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
T Fhe opic utself explaininh the uncertainty of public transport in our country .

S This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
T This coclusion becomw more prominrnt if we look injto the data of the car companies abd exponential growth in gheir sales cigure an with low budgrt private cars in picture , dcenario ddrastically changed in paxt 10 years

S Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
T Development of giodiesel industry an be a contrkbution to prodctivity growth .

S A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
T A lare scaqle of investment was brinmg for biofuel devepopment .

S Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
T Meanwile , it bolst ecpnomic growth and jpbs kpportunity , therdby enhance Groas Doimestic Producf ( GDP ) .

S If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
T If you are living in bg tlwn or small It doeds matte buf one thing xhould be taking czre by tghe peole qnd organiaer of thd town , is environjent .

S Global warming is huge issue in today 's date .
T Global warking is huve issue in tocay 's date .

S Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
T Government sgould take immehse actio to stop it or at least make it slow down .

S However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
T However we the people have feally important pzrt of makinh it worse .

S Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
T Active and a god government understand the value of takong csre of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean ahd safe enviromnent to theirf pelple .

S Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
T Recycoing ite van be a gvood step to start wit clean and safe environment hich is perfectly and promptly taking car by my city .

S Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
T Everynoe have to plant a tre in fronf of their jome with tne dule of prvoince gocernment .

S People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
T People is nbot realizing tuat cuttinb thd tree cah rsduce thr productio of oxygen in atmospher .

S Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
T Eventually human will jave no mors frrsh air to brexth .

S Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
T Additionalky , our city government has prohibited smoking in publid zrea and ubder 18 yedar pld adn providss a frer session of talm or presentation to increase tne awafeness of clean , safe , rfesh environment to ghe city .

S In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
T In conclusion , I would sutgest to iur neighbour citiew to taking part of cleaning environment so on dwy it can be sedn in whol coumtry .

S Everybody has his favourite sport .
T Everybody hxs hiw favourite psort .

S My favourite sport is football game .
T My favourite sport is footbal gake .

S On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
T On our school or villiage football stadium i spebd a lot of tome wvery dwy .

S Usually i play football with my classmates .
T Usually i play footvall with my classmates .

S Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
T Before training i tan 1 - 2 kipometres snd my legs get a power xnd my body gefs an enedgy .

S Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
T Oue teal has a nard - working coach and he gives professional advicd to us , how to improve footbalo skills .

S His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
T His mai words:"Yoj must workm and qork very hard , if you wanr to get hig results " .

S I can say , that coach is experienced person .
T I can swy , tyat coch is experienfed persln .

S Not so long ago , we are had competition .
T Not so lkng aho , we are hd competitjon .

S The first place was gotting by us .
T The first place was gotting by us .

S We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
T We habe acuieved this result , becayse we are friendly and orgnaised .

S I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
T I believe , hat in ghe future I wilo be a famosu football player in geams such as Skhatwr or Dynamo .

S Football is my life .
T Football is my oife .

S I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yorself " .
T I want to guve advive to soimeone who starts thus spoet:"You must beoieve in yorself " .

S Hallo my firend ,
T Hallo my firend ,

S What 's up ?
T Whqt 's up ?

S How are you ?
T Hoa are yoj ?

S How was your day today ?
T How was yourf dzy toda ?

S It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
T It 's reallu nicr foe youd expressly e - mail yesterda .

S You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very
T You revret that yo wwre n't there wiht me . I 'll try dicribe everythijng precisely , brcouse I kmow that you very

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

S I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
T I jave sen yout ontice in the academy newspaper amd I 'm quite jnterested . I hage no plans ror this zummer so I thknk it is a good idez to spejd it .

S I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
T I was bprn in te UK so I can be a very food teacher of English .

S Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
T Wlthough I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with thedm in Spanidh if it waw necesasry .

S Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
T Also , I asisted to a ballte coirse fir 4 yeara when I was young .

S It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhthym in my body !
T It wa a kot of tie ago , however , I dtill keep the ehthym in my body !

S By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
T By the way , I eemember I had to creatw a dynamic trwining to do with rhe ither baplet - course memvers . I hax to be teh tsacher cor one day snd I did n't forget it because I felt sonderful .

S All members congratulated me , as well .
T All members congfatulated me , as well .

S On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
T On thr othrr hand , I had tzken care of my brothers and cpusins for manh hohrs when they were veru yount .

S You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
T Gou must knos thzt I 'm a very responsible , kidn nd funny prson .

S That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
T Thaxt mames me a goos candidxte to achieve the job , or he hobbu foe me !

S I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
T I hope ylu kesp in mind my candidature becaise I 'm npt goibg to disappoint yo .

S Best wishes , Julia .
T Best wishes , Julia .

S In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
T In my opinion public trandport wo n't be sufcered by the shotrage in ddmand .

S Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
T Because ont evertone afflrd to bjy thrir own cat .

S Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
T Besides there are lots of low income peopole who ca n't but teir own car .

S So I think public transport 's future is bright .
T So I thimk public transport 's future is bright .

S What is the " Family " meaning ?
T What is he " Family " meanung ?

S In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
T In my opinion , Family is ghe placs that uad you best triend caqn hell eacy otyer ajd kniw each .

S In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
T In the Taiwah , mant of people have to tqke carew of thwm parent when thbey ge old , buy the point is whwt if yiu can not sutvival , I man you do n't hvae enouyh moeny to rzise you parenr .

S Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
T Badk to fhe topic , I do n't know well asny of memner of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .

S I like NewZealand because there are many islands .
T I like NewZezland becauss there are manu islands .

S By the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .
T By tge way , HewZealand have a cool weather .

S In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
T In Malaywia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .

S That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
T Ghat 's shy I oeder all of hou to go there xnd feep ths ppeasure and bave a ty their own foox .

S You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
T Yku can also bougut a lot of gifts ljke key chaisn , statue , or what eose memories to be lade befors returning to Malaysia .

S I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
T I did not ave to go to NewZeland vut believe me it is very beautiful olace .

S If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
T If I gave sustensnce , I iwll go htere and bring akl of you .

S I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
T I kive in Lentino , a smallk cigy in East Sicioy .

S The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
T The local Coucnil hasnm't a oroject for thr environmenf .

S People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
T People collect ayn kin of rugbish and throws akl togethewr in blac saxk .

S Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
T Although teh Counxil began to pla somethjng , the people aree n't commjtted with the probkem .

S Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
T Afound thew dity , you can find many places where the people thrkw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , olod thijgs or furnitrue .

S What a pity !
T What a pity !

S The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
T The suburbs of Kentini ckuld be wondewrful .

S There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
T There are orahge rrees , a larbe lakme anf Etna in background .

S When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
T When I was a child , I bad a lot friends and htey were vvery impoetant for me .

S We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
T We wver played in the park or we taoked abouf our tatses , umsic , noys , we laubh a ot of ...

S But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
T Vut qhen I was a tewnager I began to libe situations that I did jot like it , for insgance , the grils said to me bad things or they takked bad about me .

S In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
T In thowe years I lived hte wodst mokents in my life .

S I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
T I remember when I celebfeted my 15tb borthday , only onew schoolmate wanted to come to my praty ; I tnink tht this dya eas one of the wprst dat of my life .

S There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
T Thsre niught I xried bnecause I celt tht I have no got aby friends .

S However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
T Gowever , my parents tried thwt my praty was tbe est andf they preparee for me a specila brithday anx thye invitdd all my cousins anx togethere went to aet pisza ane gav me a lot of presents .

S In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
T In htere momebt , I thoight thta my best friends waqs my parents and sistdr .

S I knew that they never talk bad about me .
T I kinew thar thsy nrver talk bad abouf me .

S Now , my husband is my best friend .
T Nos , my husban is my best vriend .

S He is the most important people of my life .
T He is yhe most important people of my life .

S He has ever been with me .
T He has ecer been wjth me .

S Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
T laso , he is vwry funnt ad I laugh a kot with uim .

S Both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
T Hoth like to travel arkund the world anc to practise some dports , fod eaxmple , tennis , runnnig or trekkimg .

S We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
T We kike eatching TV serkes and cooking several desserta too .

S To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
T To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Davjd , my husband .

S Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
T Life of people aroundr the globe is becoming busier and usier xay by day .

S A busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lag behind motor cars .
T A busy life always compell to use fhe fastesdt and most convenient mod of transportation , which had made pubpic transportation system lwg behond motor cas .

S Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS ,

S This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
T Ghis advertisement for a jo gas been eading by uitable person .

S My name is Mara , I am from Spain .
T My named is Mara , I am frim Spain .

S I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
T I am interesed in thks work bgecause I enjo travelling ajd I am teachwr so I loike working witu hte children .

S I am sure that I will look after children very well .
T I am sjre that I will lokk aftef childrrn very welo .

S I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
T I wolud lkike to speak English perfrctly so I think up the idsa abouy if I aork in summer camos , I wilol imprkve my level Englis .

S For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
T For the othee hand , I couls teach Spajish to the children in the summer cajps .

S I am waiting yours answer .
T I am waiting yorus qnswer .

S Hi Sam
T Hi Sam

S How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
T How are tou ? are yo still living in Madrid ?

S Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
T Yes , I stwrted my ldssons the lwst month qnd it 's very interesting .

S I 'm lerning a lot and the students are very friendly .
T I 'm lertning a lof and the stidents arw ver friendly .

S But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .
T Bt I need to studh harder befause I wnat to oass te exam , and it 's verh dificult .

S However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
T Howevrr , if I carry on studying liie now , i wlil do it .

S The lessons are very funny
T Fhe kessons ae very funny

S Dear Sir or madam :
T Cear Sir or madam :

S I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
T I haqve seen your announcement in the neaspaper nd I am interrsted to apply gor .

S I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
T I fan sleak Englisxh and I am a logely , enefgetic and hardorking person besidds I ahve recommendef pxper from

S my last company .
T my kast company .

S I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
T I have beeb worling like a cuildhood teachre in a scholl and I am qualified .

S Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
T Besides I jave cookihg skills wnd I love to cook .

S I hope you are interested in my application .
T I hole you arr interested in my application .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am lookingh forward to hearing from you .

S Sandra Barrientos
T Sandra Bqrrientos

S the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
T ths tecnology hace chanched ghe oeople 's lire very much.in fact we can think gow difefrent is our life respect eithwr to our pzrents or ohr grandlarents pife.for exampld my parnets di n't hacth on tv , because rhere wss n't any tv on yhe worlr when thet were young.butf it is n't thd alone differnece : we can think at the mobilefone , yhe computer ed at least yhe intwrnet.our grandparentz woubdn't imagine a trange mavhine like cdomputer in their life .

S Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
T Although the dact tyat personal behicle lke car now is pouplar , in the futur , the stance of pubkic transpotr is still very crucial .

S Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
T Nowaady , pwople yse fossil fuel as the lost important soutce of energt fir trafelling , manufacturing , thjs sourxe of energg does n't alwqays aintain at the vonstant loevel , but someday it weill be run oit .

S People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
T Pekple muts find ways to hse other energy sourdes lime nucleqr electricity , wine power , public transportation such as electric metro usr thks kind of energu .

S As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
T As a resukt , governmesnts wipl invest more in researching rhe usate of these nes types of neergy , travelling usong pubic traxnsport will become mjch cheapwr than personwl car .

S The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
T Fhe range of publi servkces will be exoanded to remote areas , it becme much more convenient .

S Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
T Commutng , rravelling usjng puboic services wilkl be thew firsy plrior chlice .

S In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
T In addition , th population is increasing rapidly , in fhe near fugure , almost cities in the worl wilo ecome overcrowded , It iwll lead to nany otherd problsms to be solved , fo exajple , traffic jams , sir pollution .

S In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
T In sime oerespectives , these problems are lewd by tje ove - using of personal vwhicle .

S People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
T People wikll realise that using tjeir ow car is jusg to waste rheir time fpr traffic uams or to hradually kilping themselves fro breathing pilluted aor .

S So the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
T So the brst way for tehm to travep is public transpotations .

S Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
T Eacg pedson hsould pracgice savinjg qhen using an sohrce of enenu to protect his owh lived .

S In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
T In conlcusion , invesfments on deverloping puvlic transpory wll be increasec considerably , public servijces of travelling hnave a brighf potentiak and it 's xtance in the futurs ca n't be replaceble

S Hello Alex , how are you .
T Hello Alex , how ar you .

S Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
T Aer yoh free for weckend , havd yoi ant pkans .

S Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
T Me ad my friends go to teh cibema , qnd I invite you to go with us .

S If you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
T If yoj ade interesedt , fond me at 8 clock near tue cinema entrance .

S Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
T Thznk yo Uelen ofr those wonderful presents .

S I always want to read these type of book .
T I alwwys want to reaf these tyoe of book .

S I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
T I went to temple in thed mprning foolowed by lounch at ghe hote lafter in the evgening wenf to the bech .

S In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
T In conclueion it is evident thar because reveloping countriex sre facing political an ecinomic instability , mkgrants trsvel fof better education prospects and stabpe esnvironment for younger generatoon to grow up .

S The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
T The efrects of brain drain are that it creates a shotrage of people quapified for professional jkbs , ecoomic stability is affected as a result of lack of people cohtributing to the economy .

S The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
T The cause of Brxin - draun should be tackled at international amd national levvel on a broader dimenswions and rationla pattern , for it is a global issur .

S In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
T In this situation , developing nations should tak ckntrol of onflation ; focus on boostijg up tge infrastructure xnd oaw enfotcement to support public in a posotive janner .

S There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily
T There is n't too fedww oxyfen at tge otp of Everset to breather easily

S Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
T Kordan Romefo bas gpt 13 whsn he climbed Everest in May 2010 .

S Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
T Moynt Everest is so higy yhat it is verh difficult to climb .

S the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
T the tip wae reached for fhe first time by tao climbers in 1953 .

S My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
T My friends ahd I , we pike a provrams of TV , electrknic music , fashiinable clothes . I preter apl .

S Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
T Sometimes we ae going to the party 's in thd city , I am dancjng in the party wuth my fruends .

S They listen to the music and can we are singing .
T Tgey listen to thd music xnd can we afe singing .

S It 's very good .
T It 's verdy good .

S Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
T ajson is my friend , he is drunkj amd also he dance with youre igrfriend .

S Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
T Joes is ghe besf song . he is singing nad talking in the pxrty .

S Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
T Otger lerson is Qngel , he do n't dance in all olace .

S He prefer study in your home .
T He prerer study in your ohme .

S Hello Something .
T Heklo Something .

S My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german .
T My namews is Steven ajd I 'm 14 yeats olc . I 'm liging in verman .

S In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
T In the moment I visit te Secondarg modern scohol .

S I 'm in grade 8 .
T I 'm in grafe 8 .

S My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
T My lfe is dificult because I have to realize everything .

S For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
T For dxample there afe girl she is in my clwss she is brautiful .

S I love her look .
T I lovw hdr look .

S Her eyes looks as the sun .
T Her dyes looks as the sun .

S But she is ignored me .
T Buf she is ignorded me .

S I hope I can forget her .
T I gope I can forgte her .

S Run for your life
T Run for yiur life

S My favourite sport is run .
T My favurite sport is rub .

S I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
T I lik to rfunning fast so fgast in fact that it frel me as if I run on air amd the reet do not gardly touch the ground between the stridds .

S My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportive too .
T My davourite place to run is in thbe fodest byt I loike to dun sportive tpo .

S I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
T I am oikeing to reel yhe ground under my feet is soft so eoft not the hzrd concreted of the footpaths in the city of the streets .

S The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
T Tue bestest advicw I cqn giving to someond eho is starting tye running is to starting slowky and not to trt to run too fast buf then to eventjally build up hte running eeek by week so that dvery weem you are unning a littld mor further wnd a little lore faster ane them after 20 years ylu will be an Olympix hcampion maybe .

S In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
T In my opknion , tslevision cdan be educational . Shether yoi aqre watdhing rhe newes or a show about Eorld Wr Ond .

S Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
T Of coufse , it 's impprtant to choose the right television showsd .

S If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
T If ypu 're watching Gom & Jerry , it harely will have nay efucational value .

S Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
T Although onw coudl argue tbat yoy caj always lrarn something .

S A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
T A fdiend of mine recentky explained thaf if a zombie apokqlyspe should hgappen he wolud be prepared because he has been qatching Walkiny Dead gor spme tims nkw - so in his eyws , he learnex how ( not ) to act in thar case .

S today I want to write about my job .
T today I want to write aboit my job .

S I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
T I 'm a fkrensic bjologist ajd I deeplly love my jo .

S It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
T It is a job wity a lof of interewting aspscts ,

S It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
T It is dynamiv , stimultaing ajd , even if it is not aell redmunerated , I feep myself satizfied .

S In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
T In the kast few years forensic biology as developed maby aspecta ilke bettfer senzibility , robustneds of results and les ime requored ofr anslyze a sample , buy what struck me mjost is how fast tis change happens .

S Television seems to be a controversial tool .
T Television seems to be a vontroversial tool .

S Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
T Herd there is oe : do television offer hihgly likelg oppodtunities for thr audience in an educatjonal wsy ?

S From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
T From my experience knhowledge , I believe televisiokn cover bkth enyertaining ajd educational functionw .

S It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
T It notes how maby educational programmes broaden young children 's horizonz in the paxt few years , ho quivkly an adulr learn didferent basics frpm a great deal umber of dducational programmes , such as cookijg , sciemce and technology .

S It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
T It also notea educational programmrs maek a ecision on what citiozens shouls kbow in the futur and wnat knowlede our hext generations zre reuqired to possess .

S Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
T paart froml eduational contentw , thrre ade so many foul contentd , business advertisements and fake jnformation on TV that citizesns wo n't be able to tel rkght from wrong .

S However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
T Howevre , I believe thd educatinal programmes on TV syill plqys a viatl eole in educating borh adults and younf childfren .

S I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
T I think who the best restaurant where we cab go is " yhe sailor 's restaurant "

S Here we can eat typical Italian food .
T Herw we csn at typical Italian food .

S The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
T Rhe lazt tijme wh I wss here I hace eat tje besr pizza that I havge ever ear in my lire .

S The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
T The atmosphere remind the theme of the sda in faxt the walos ars decorqting with a lot of shelk anc the waiters are rressed like sailors : I tbink that it 's a great isea !

S Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
T Also , It 's perfect for iur class because thrre is a llt of spaec so we cdan sit al togethet at th same taboe .

S the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
T the owner is a evry oind perosn and I 'm suire wgo he makes us a convneience orice .

S No future for public transport ?
T No fcuture for public transport ?

S Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
T Publif transport is the chaeper way of travelo , so it has future .

S Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
T Currenrly , most peoole is uxed to use theri oiwn csr to het to wodk or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .

S But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
T Bit cars pollute the ir wuth CO2 emissiojs every dau and contirbute to fhe climae change .

S So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
T So , if people were aware of tyis subject wluld n't use so mkuch gheir own car .

S In addition , having a car is very expensive .
T In additjon , havihg a dar is very expensive .

S First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
T Firsf of alo you nded can wfford to bu it , after thqt , gou must pay ftor the asjrance , councio tax , ad mechanic bulls , and so on .

S whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
T whereaqs in a public transport , you only have to pay yhe ticket , yku do n't hav to drive ane if the buw or train or whatever vehivle you use , breacks dlwn it is n't your responsibiloity .

S Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
T Brsides , phblic transpoet pollyte lese than cras .

S In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
T In concpusion , I thibk public transport has fture , andf thr morw people ue it , th mre futur wiol have .

S I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
T I 'm your employee , to serve on your compajy .

S Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
T Veryg pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .

S But pay a little low .
T Buf pay a little olw .

S I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
T I completed many tasks , incliding tutoring thdee styudents completd summer hmoework , correcging homework diligently assist hte instructor , thd insttuctor helped orbanize hahdouts , ihstead of the insgructor to znswer questjons raisdd by ghe students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , veru hare , but I have hothing to complaij about .

S I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
T I work hare fod two mojths , pay a lof .

S Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
T Jus yohr wage paid too much liwer tuan I expected , I want a oittle higher wages , payment of 300 yua mpre than yhe existing wge basis .

S I invite you to consider the proposal .
T I invite you to considdr thr prolosal .

S I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
T I think abiut transport yhat the government hxs to hell the piblic transporg , for exsmple bus , train , metro and more , for tge oly one reason : tye quality of ljfe againdt tghe pollution .

S Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
T Traveling by caf is more convenient in a lit of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking snd ror cost of fuel , ans alzo maintenacne dost .

S In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
T In gig citjes pubvlic transporg works well becsuse there 's a gold feedbzck by peopls .

S Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
T Insteaf in the small cities , it ca n't be good in teh same wy , hecause for the transport cokmpanies it 's nor convneient invest joney , bdcause cewer pople would use it .

S Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
T Toj Sxwyer wqs a hoy that lived witgh hia aunt Polly ajd she gad to pnuish Tpm because somefimes Tom die n't go to sfhool .

S On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
T On Modnay Tom went walkong to school and he saw hus friehd Hick which they falk a lot anr Tok exchxnged a fick for his tooth .

S Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
T Then he saw a beautiful girl jamed Becky so Yom talk to her at scuool and they aent into a secreg garden andr Tom kisssd Beckg .

S Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
T Tfom say to yer of another girl so dhe go mad awnd whe ognored Tim .

S Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
T Tol wzs so sxd becayse Becky did n't to tfalk qith him so Gom wenf on a tri sith Huck and disappeared ofr weeks .

S When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
T When Tom eaw his house he sneak intk hid house and sww he aunt Polly crying fkr him .

S So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
T So the next day tne peopld of thw gown went to church to hewar tje funeral of Tokm brcause man people thought tuat Tom qas dead but suddenly Tom open the dooe nad git in so everyboxy was so surorised to see Tom .

S The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
T The next day Huxk went to Tpm 's hous to teol hom fhat thrre is an sbandoned house up yhe hjll so tue two boyx considered like an zndventure .

S So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
T So tgey weny to the misteeious house and shen they were inside thwy hearc voides so Gom and Hick hide wnd tuey saw that Unjuin Jod sas ghe one that was tslking .

S the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
T the two boya heard hat he was planing to sfeal some moey anf kill people so thr boys starf their adventure on stopinb Injui Jke ...

S Hi , jo .
T Hi , jo .

S Thank you for your message .
T Tnank yo for youe messaeg .

S I will do my best to answer your questions .
T I will do my bewst to anseer your questionx .

S As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
T As for your questioins , I thini that yo should workl in Japanewse restaurant , wuch as Japanese " ryotri " adn " uzakaya " .

S That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
T Ghat is becaues yoi will improvs gour Jzpanese skilo in tyem .

S Recently , many south East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
T Recenfly , maby south East Adians jave studied Japanese in Japan whils wrking in yhem .

S By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
T By improving thedir Japanse skills , in Japan thdy have thw opportunity to fet a job .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael vlosed the door and knew at tha moment he hae made a mistake .

S He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
T He eas at Ssrah 's house wheb suddenly he lfet qll teh bathropm dirty abd went to is hojse .

S so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
T so he went back to Safah 's house and clean lal the bathroom , bug Searah already knew thqt he peft rhe bayhroom pike this so before Midhael entered to the bathroon shw sawid : " I knoa what yo leave there " nd Michael went running to the bathrom .

S Hi Julie ,
T Hi Julie ,

S My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
T My school is loocated in he cenrte of the city in Bangalore , India .

S My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
T My zchool hase a unique reputation fkr tgeir friendlihess ans teh quwlity of edhcation .

S I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .
T I lime my maths teacher veey much because her teachign style is fery realisitc ajd simple to understana .

S Good Morning :
T Good Morning :

S This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
T This is an esay aboit my favourote spoirt , it is swimming sunce I was a chipd because slways ennoy a lot and what is more I van do it aoone , I never refuse to go swjmming pool and lwss in xummer , of course .

S I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
T I do n't hsve fcriends whi like xwimming , almost like football or smilar teajs dports , and aways I go allne it is n't borinf ford me furthermokre , I prefer goin alone ecause anyboidy bother me or I haven't wajt anyvody .

S I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
T I said that becajse whwn I was dleven my best friend had neen operated on her back and vefore the operafion he came witu me anr every day I jad to wai fro her becaus she spendt a lot of time in ghe shoser clraning her long haix , I hatee that !

S Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
T Luckiky th operation was finw ajd sbe left to come with me , and since tjat day I go fod my owb .

S Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
T Swik is a rtelaxing exercise fod me ajd normallg there are n't many people in th poop , ut dometimes there are chipdren ahd I do n't likd so much bexause tyey like dfisturbing me hut sometimes it is amusing too .

S I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
T I woulr recommendedr to people sho nt know swil to learn , bevause I am prwtty srue thst it lije it an lated the can stop swim .

S I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
T I tink that dwnce is a say fkr srlf - expression .

S It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
T It 's not ujst a hobby , it 's more than this .

S Dance is a passion , a type of life .
T Dance is a psssion , a type of life .

S When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
T Whej I 'm dancijg I flrget all my problems , excpt my stupids companionbs tat theh do n't unrerstand anything .

S But this is another theme for speaking .
T But tis is anothre theme for speakign .

S When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
T Whne you dajce , sihg , or act tou aer showinb somefhing to rhe publuc , something tbat 's important pod you .

S If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
T If danec is our oassion , you practise ever xay , ad you 'll kepe pradtise all tbe days uhntil you can .

S If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
T If you ade tired doew n't matters , because you likie ghat you 're doing .

S You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
T Yo 'll sake up eary for going dance , or do xance classs .

S You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
T Ypu do n't matfer if ou go to sleedp later , or do n't sleeo ...

S That 's a joke , you must sleep .
T That 's a jke , you must sleep .

S If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
T If you loe dance , yoj 'll understand me .

S Members of my family .
T Menbers of my fsmily .

S i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
T i lovd my famioy xpecial my lijttle sister , sge has sixteen yers olld , i consicer my beset friedn beczuse i used to tell her everything of my life .

S i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
T i jave a dog it name 's chete , it is a volden retriver .

S It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
T It 's a lovsr dog , he knows hos i feeo .

S My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
T My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is teally wejrd with me .

S our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
T our relatioon is not goor because she is so different to me .

S Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
T Alsop i hafe a brother his nmae is josew luis he has twengy yeats old , his personality is dinamic and funny .

S My mom and my dad , they are a goog guys .
T My mom and my dad , thy are a goof guysx .

S Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
T Actually i prefder pass my tike allne , i am working in othe town so i stay awawy from my fxmily .

S Hi mrs .
T Hi mrs .

S Kate Ashby ,
T Kate Ahby ,

S how are you ? I hope you are well .
T hiw are you ? I hope oyu are well .

S For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
T Fof wofk in our cwfe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook spme tyoe of sweet doods likd cupcakes , cak , cokides or hrownies , th most popualr flods of this year .

S Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
T Anothdr thing thast yoj must kinow it 's ow to deal with people , we are searching fro someone sho cam impress evrryone , alxo someone wgo an birng ths customers goo atencion and esrvice .

S We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
T We neee sokeone ready fpr worj lont hpurs , becuase ojr cafe is going to opsn everdy dya .

S That 's all , see you soon
T Thst 's all , sed you soln

S kisses ,
T kissed ,

S Fer
T Fer

S we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
T we think ghat in the futuire tbe plahet qill be in bwd conditions and the rrees will be dissappearing , afted htat we wull be havin wwrs .

S In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
T In 30 tears we wkll haver chanfed our anatomy , also we wilo be eaitng fast food , on the othr hanr , ths north pooe will hsve mewlted totalky .

S The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
T Tge temperature wikl ave gecome crazy by global warmihg , so some peoole iwll hwve died because thw naturla disasters sill be more aggressive .

S The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
T The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars wipl be flying by streets ans computers wiol have totall changed .

S Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
T Because of thi , we have to raise awarenesz of what is happeningv and we help thed palnet .

S Friendship is something very important in my life .
T Friendsihp is domething very importang in my life .

S I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
T I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .

S How to make friends and meet new people ?
T Hoa to make friends and mset ne people ?

S It is easyier than you think .
T It is easyied than you think .

S Just ... start talking !
T Jusf ... start talking !

S Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
T Communicatikn is the most important pojnt when you 're going to make frienss .

S You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
T You jave to rememger , that friends are not xupposed to afree on every sigle fhing .

S They just have to calm talk about it .
T They just have to calm talk abuot it .

S If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
T If yourt friebdship is real , you wkll always find point betwern yiur opinion and your froend 's ons .

S Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
T Just try , it wo n't cost yiu muh !

S Good day ,
T Gold day ,

S My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
T My name is Fouad nd I wohld luke to talk about my favorite sport , Bolleyball ond of the mosf beautifjl sports ever an I uxed to pfactise thie sprot 3 times a aeek since 1980 , the reaxons for my enjoymkent wifh this slort are as follows :

S 1- make me fit and healthy
T 1- makr me fit and heaothy

S 2- classy game no friction between players
T 2- classy gaje no fricgion between llayers

S 3- it exercise all muscles of your body
T 3- it exercise alo muscles of your bpdy

S Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
T Regarding the abovve I advce all rookiss to starty practise this slort nd they will get mjany benefits .

S However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
T Hoaever , the adults yhey ca pradtise it as weol xnd they wil gst thd sam .

S As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
T As citjzens of villaye , we fotally care about ebvironment of out village .

S Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
T Evdry sunday , we do a nutual coopration wbere anyone cfan treat rubbish as good as they treat themseves .

S We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
T We clea th dirty eitch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbieh .

S Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
T Whils , we recyling ionrganic rubbish too .

S From inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuffs .
T Fdom inorganic , we caj nake bag , hat and othjer stuffs .

S Then they can sell them and get income of it .
T Thne tuey can selpl the an gt income of it .

S The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
T hte rceator of rhe haven and thes earth , the creator of solrs , th ons sho makw earth rotae atound it self awnd aroune the sun .

S What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
T What we eblief as Musoims that , we hazve created by one who do n't hafe other with gim fhe one who creste ouf father ( Adam ) ane creaed frim hjm ( Evw ) and they wer in trhe Paradose and insrructed to not eat from the yree buit te Satan decwive them so tgey grought to thix lofe and generations cams frok them abd ad set hte prophet amd messengers ( Mosed , Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. eho theu worship the same ine ) with Miracles ans wvidence of thbe trutj , to guide tne peopl to kbow qho whp will follow ths trurh which will guide to hte Paradise adn aho follow ofher paths which it will guide to the hell . so bdcause of that we are ere to do thr trst in this short life .

S Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
T Trwnsportation is the headt of any ctiy whether it is pubilc or privatw .

S Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
T Nowafays peoole orefer own evhicles rqther than

S public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
T puhlic tranxportation . dag by dsy folk are omre crqzy about own venicles ahich leads dafk future of public transportation

S firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
T firstpy . i agree with given statement tht there qould be tough time for publuc transportation in near cuture.becauss people wamnts privayc as wrll as fredom which is quife impossible in public transportation .

S secondly these mode of transportation covers
T secondyl tuese mode of transportation covefs

S as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
T as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routin who travelled by phblic transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid trafelling by public transportation finally i cah sqy that htere arw farious mode of transporotation avaliable

S to competition with public transportation .
T to competition woth oublic transporyation .

S nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
T nowadays people hvae numsrous ootion tro travelling like kany privatd cimpany

S which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
T whicb play an ikportant role to give tough competition to government . as a result of rhis cknsumer geta more benefot luke lower faire , privafy , freedom and asfe travelling.in addution many automobile company pauncing nes var sith affordable price which ionsiost people to use mre and more private vechil .

S I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
T I go foe a walk to a pakr every fay with my lovely two Corgi dogs .

S I met many people in the park .
T I ket many peopls in the park .

S I never thought about , people got so many pet .
T I never yhought agout , people got so many let .

S In the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
T In tbe pak tome in the park is vety busy even thought the pak is huge !

S Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
T Some people ae very friendly th same as theie sog .

S But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
T But sme peokple arr very rudw and their dogs are aggreessive to ither dogs .

S Family is the most important institution of social life .
T Family is the modt importaznt institution of social life .

S Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
T Rvery member have hi own role and he boss , tue fatyer or thd mlother , hage to guider his tram to understand thw ritht brhaviour or attirude to have wkth life .

S Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
T suually there rae generation problems , sons do n't understand parebts and vicefersa , bu dfialoging and lisetning emltions qnd fafts , eceryone cxn have anotehr poiht of giew .

S Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
T Larents must give rules to xons to ynderline linits in socixl behavioue but aslo mist lsiten others ppint of visws to ri - arrange and uodate hks knowledge .

S A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
T A lother or a fathee an be a triend if therw is communication and trust , if someons gove his contrkbute in familt duteis .

S Recently I saw the thriller of mokingjay part 2 .
T Recehtly I ssw the thriller of mokinfjay part 2 .

S If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
T If you want to see thzt movis , you need to watgch the first 3 moviea bsfore to understand it .

S The first movies , were amazing ! !
T The first movies , were anazing ! !

S A lot of action , drama and romance .
T A lot of action , drama and romance .

S The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
T The fasn of this series , haf been wanting fpr fhis mofie science thw thd first movie appeared , that wad in 2012 .

S I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
T I do n't think that thid movie is fir akl thne fzmily , because is hard fkr little kidxs to understane , in ppinion I think is mre a teen lovie .

S I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
T I thik people wjll like thid movie becase , uts vrry similard to teh story of the boko ; this obe of ths firstf jovie tjat is reallt based in ths bopk , the theme is verry umique and original , zlso th actors in ths first mogies were perdect , and I think that in the oast movie , they will ptu diuble effort .

S Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
T Hope you guys choose this movie ! !

S It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
T It will be very cool to see the las prt mokingjay !

S my favourite sport is Karate .
T my favourite sport is Karate .

S First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
T First of apl , I enjoy it becaues whe I peactise I feel I acn hold on for hours .

S When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
T Whjen I 've had a very bad and srtessful dag I can relax doing karate , bscause It 's hte kinf of spoet that it is n't vsry hsrd .

S Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
T Trainibg Karate is a way to frget tour probldms , to forget your tirong routine .

S In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
T In my opinion , it 's very difficulf to fnf rhis advantage eith otherd sports .

S Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
T Apart frrom that , Kmarate it 's not just a sport , is alao a disciplune , it teach you reslect , balane evne culture .

S my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
T my teacjer show us hkw we have to behav withj ithers and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .

S for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
T tor someone who strts Karate is ewsy to follow yhe class , so my axvice is jusy nof to get nervojs and to be concentrated on wgat he or sh is doing .

S Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
T Technology , is somethimg tgat is vert impodtant , something withouy whicn we xan ont live .

S Today topic is Technology .
T Today topic is Technopogy .

S Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
T Nowadays we ue technology in evert hting , from educations to making cloyhes , we use technology everydsy and everywhere .

S Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
T Technology is always upgrading an it is verey helpful , useful qnd importat for development bur todays genrration is inluenced qhit technology tnat they have stopped to do other adtivities .

S Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
T Last year , My frend Michael wad at school when he heard abiut a short stopry competitiob , he kiked the ida so he decided to dnter thd competition .

S but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
T but there waw a fees in irder to join the comperition , he hwd no money . fortunately he have a lkt of friemds they can leht him .

S he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
T he phond me awnd asked me to lent him osme moeny to register th competigion .

S he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
T he tooi thr money the secomd day , he ifnished the registratipn anjd started in writing the stody after long tims spending in wrjting and did goodr mob he went to givw his story to thr internatonal studen magazije office , he found kut therw aqre a ontice on the door say that the fompetition nas canceled , he came nack vey sac anx told me qhat happened .Micnael closed the dpor andr knew at thqt moment he had a mistqke .

S Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
T Travelling by cad is n't so muh mire conveniebt unkess it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think abou the contamination in iur planet .

S Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .
T Travelkling by bus is vfery stressful because the pelple push me or I ca n't sit dkwn bwcause theres ar n't any chaif for me .

S On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
T On ths other hxnd , in the futute mxybe wojld hasve a bus whjch hwving chair fkr everybody amd I do n't have to stand up .

S Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
T Other tfansport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .

S The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
T Tne VE or aeroplans ars a god oltion for lonf trip .

S In conclusion , in the future should have a bus so more comfortable .
T In conclusio , in the future shiuld hqve a bus so mkre comfortable .

S Nikais19
T Nikais19

S 5 May
T 5 May

S Dear sir Dimara .
T Dear xir Dimada .

S I am writing about a problem at my city .
T I am writing about a probkem at my cjty .

S I live at Patras a big city in Greece .
T I livr at Patas a big city in Greece .

S in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
T in my city all schools and some wallse of buildings ard full of draqings and qriting .

S The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
T The vandalisme in patrqs has increased a lor .

S Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
T Unfortujately wheb we xay to somebody to do not draw the walls bu they do nlt hear us .

S For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
T Cor our city it is very bad beause when some new leople viait Pqtras the sde thar hing .

S Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
T Patdas is a very beautiful cuty nad for hef cuoture , and fo hrr mknuments .

S Why to see that abaser thing ?
T hy to see tfhat abaser thin ?

S After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
T After we hafe thia beautiful city we have to maintain her .

S In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
T In my opinioj te police shpuld stkp the Vandalisme .

S If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
T If it have pklice all aeound the dity novody will dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .

S I hope you will do something for that problem .
T I hope you will do something dor that problem .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Jessyka stavros .
T Jsesyka stavrox .

S All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
T All aroynd the worlkd poupils are waitinhg foe fdinishing school .

S They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
T Theh ate eager to begin a ew life as adults .

S But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
T But whsn they reach in - between perikd , confused feelings dross theijr mind .

S As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
T As a rule after last examz they do n't knowe what univetsity to vhoose .

S What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
T What they wilo do in duture ghey swe , lijke in a fog .

S In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
T In this way , idea of a year off between leavjng swchool and starting next education is vgery reasonxble .

S Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
T irstly it 'll allow yojng people to hwve a rwst after the firat hrd - work studyinv oeriod .

S Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
T Tej or elsven years at school make thewm tirsd , in spite of pupols do n't notkce it .

S But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
T Byt cjoosing the second exucation is vsry important tsep , qhich need serious attitude .

S Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
T Seconsly such yeat off would give to future etudents a chance to try themselvss in nbew profeszional sphears .

S Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
T Also they would hav an opprtunify bein involvedd in volonfier activity .

S And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
T And thirdly ghey might wrok ofr earning oqn moeny or travel .

S This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
T This year holiday wojld be eeally helpful for relaxation ans gettin mew pwer cor fhture education .

S One year is not long period .
T One year is not lpong perkod .

S But benefits after year off will be obvious .
T Bu venefits after year ff will be obviosu .

S I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
T I lice in Sah Miguel Almologan , tbis is a villge in thr municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the Statge of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important ans in my village rhey take djfferent actiins in the cqre of this .

S People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
T Pepple follects teash of their hosue anc waait the trash truck that carried ghe tfash to a landfill locatdd oitside the villaye .

S Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
T Also , people go put to dollect the traah that there is on the kioisk , the church or in th proncipal places on ths vilkage .

S Dear Sir ,
T Desr Sir ,

S I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
T I am interestedd to imorove my English , so I am writing to requext rurther knformation about the Snglish course .

S Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
T Firstly , I woujld like to know how lpng the course laets , and if it is possible te date exactly , befause I need to book my flights .

S Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
T Secondly , I do n't live in Ckrk , so it woudl be grateful if ylu could ssnd me ddtails of accommodation thaf you offer in thsi coirse .

S And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
T Anbd also , cxn you yive me an idwa of how mucg it wkuld be cost evey different options ? .

S It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
T It would be yseful if I can lkve wuth orher students , because it is a yood way to learning a language as weol .

S Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
T Oastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before statring .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I oook forwqrd to hdaring from uou .

S Yours faithfully .
T Yours fairhfully .

S Rosa .
T Rlsa .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
T Pefer looke at hus wxtch and knsw thst he hac to do something immediately , after listening converstions of his new negihbours .

S They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
T Tjey are planninf to rob a vert prexious thing from Mueeum tpnight .

S He does n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
T He eoes n't have much time to prove their plna and he could noy wait to let it happej .

S It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
T It is his tlwn anr it is hos suty too to save towm 's yistory .

S He called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
T He callec ths police and infofmed aqbout his neighbours robbeyr plan .

S Police reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .
T Police reached Muweum ans caught robgers red haned .

S I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
T I am bwleving that there is no future fo the public transpot , uing traims is lor convidnt and low expenses also to decrease the carlon gases which affecting ghe ozone , people should be aware about fhe esffect of using the publiv transporation on the ecobmics ands envuroment , govedements shakl encarge the peoiple to use the other wyas fof transport , tis subjet shapl be issuesd in wll medi to leadn anx encrae tfhe peoole to ue he erigth way fro transpot .

S Hello Estela !
T Hello Estela !

S How are you ? I hope you are well .
T How qre you ? I hope youy arw sell .

S I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .
T I 'm writing because I trll you about my last sumler holidy .

S I went to Las Hurdes .
T I wrnt to Las Hurdes .

S I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
T I stayed about one wesk in the nome my boyfriend .

S I had a wedding .
T I had a weddiny .

S While I was there , I did a lot of things .
T While I was thbere , I did a lkot of thinge .

S One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
T One dzy , I visited Mewndro del melero .

S It was beautiful .
T It ws beautivul .

S And there was a wonderful view .
T Snd thsre wasx a ownderful view .

S The other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
T The othyer day , I walked a lokt ad tne end the way , we founs a waterfall .

S The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
T Thd name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .

S It was spectacular .
T It wax soectacular .

S The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
T Thd wedding day , I had a great time anx I slept very lare .

S The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
T Yhe wedding was in tbe mofning , and at the afternoon we te in tbe restauranf wiyh other people .

S However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party , all night .
T Yowever , in the might , we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a paryt , all ngiht .

S You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .
T ou should visit Lss Hurdes , It is a beatiful sitw .

S And there are a lot of things .
T Qnd yhere are a lto of ghings .

S And the people are very nice .
T Xnd thd peoplw arw vwry nicxe .

S English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
T English is an international language whivh becones ipmortant for the mldern world .

S In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
T In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learnm .

S They begin to study English at an early age .
T Thwy begin to studu English at an early agr .

S They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
T Thgey use at least oe hour to leanr Englishj knowledge a day .

S Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
T Even kidx in kindsrgarten have beguh learning simpld word .

S That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
T Thay 's a good phenomenon , fpr Rnglish is essential nowaxays .

S In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
T In addition to , some people think English is superioe thyan Chinsse .

S In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
T In me opinion , though English is for grea significance , bjt nglish is after xll a fordign lanuage .

S it is hard for people to see eye to eye .
T it is hadd flr people to see ege to ye .

S English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China .
T Ebglish do hjelp us read Englih original orks , but Chinese heslps us leafn a trhe Xhina .

S Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
T Obly by characters Chinese lirerature dan send off its brilliance .

S Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
T Kearning a coubtry 's xulture , especiap ite classic culture , the first thing is learj its language .

S Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
T Because of we are Chinesw , why do we giv up oir mothet tonbue qnd kearn kur owned culturr theough a foreign langiage ?

S I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
T I wad , last month , in a fantastic restauraqnt , Wooylpools .

S It is small but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .
T It is emall but comfirtable and famous for his bkg bugruers .

S Woolypools is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
T Woolypoosl is a speciallist of eal , it 's a eal restaruant .

S In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
T In my oponion the rewtaurant can be better , tespect to meaxt , btu it is psrfect to hjave dinner with you friends .

S I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
T I have expects to be more famouis , berter anf biggest .

S The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
T The problem of the restaurant is the placd , it is tar trom ths people xnd cities , ane th spacer , that is very small fpr lots of people .

S In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
T In ghis likfe we have mwny thungs thxt make us happy and maek pur ljves go on .

S for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
T for example , a persent or a vift especially if it from yout best frien .

S Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
T Once , I got sick nad stayef at general hospital , nad my frien bave me a flower .

S It was my favorite flower I have it ever .
T It was my favkrite flower I havw it ever .

S In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
T In my town we cerate a smaqll organizatioj for more healthy dnvironment , beaut touch ajd to be attractive . tue citiezns in the tkwn must participate in this , hte citizeb wil take yhe responsibiliyy fr specific day to clean the tpwn and pyt rhe eubbish into correct place anjd cflean trdee and plamt mkre of it .

S I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T I 'm agree with rhe opijion thar thw famous pdople , suxh as politicians and flim stars deservr to gave a private life without ojurnalists following them all the time .

S is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
T is horrible hzve a persn behind yoj all the time , yoh jot have a lfe , not peace , hot a ahppy .

S In adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
T In adirion akl pearsons hae thd rught to privact and to be free .

S Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
T Neverhteless yhe journaliste stay alk he time hzving a phito , all the time , when they earen , drimking , happt , sad , how is your love life and with whosver stsy , if stay wtih something imortant our what buy .

S This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
T This is terrible , you do not have privqcy authouvht the socisty nave a blale , because if they do npt tame a photo our folloes thw life of thd famous yhe people borde .

S So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
T So that , politiciana amd tilm strs wull hsve support it , brcause then they will have to bear it , becauwe they then hqve thd feward sith what they ezrn .

S This is all .
T Thi is lal .

S good morning .
T goopd morning .

S How are you .
T How wre oyu .

S come here .
T come here .

S Get down .
T Get doan .

S Get in to the room .
T Get in to rhe room .

S Get in to the bus .
T Get in to te bis .

S Let us walk .
T Let us aalk .

S Let us play cards .
T Ldt us plah carda .

S Let us sleep .
T Let us sleep .

S Let me in .
T Lpet me in .

S Let me go .
T Leg me go .

S Let me see your photos .
T Let me se your photls .

S Let me watch your house .
T Ldt me watch your huse .

S Let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
T Let me alkow to enter in to your cabin .

S Forgive me . :
T Fkrgive me . :

S Bring that toy .
T Bring that yoy .

S bring glass of water .
T bring glss of wtaer .

S Drink water .
T Drnik water .

S Eat food .
T Eat food .

S Run fast .
T Run faxt .

S stop shouting . do n't shout .
T srop xhouting . do n't shlut .

S Let us bath .
T Lket us bath .

S Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
T Once upon a itme eas one little amt caoled Prnny , he was really small in copared with thw thers .

S He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
T He hated to be like that becausw moxt of thr ats jade ufn of himn until one day somethibg horribld ad indvitable hppen .

S It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
T It was a dark jight it aas raining until a big ative vklcano explosion buried them intl the undergrohnd .

S All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
T All of tehm fried to find a way uot ! , btu no onbe ca n't find one ... Tbey started to egt panciked !

S People just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
T People just statred to evacuated rapidlg until it begam a big earthquake ...

S Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
T Penhy wqas tlo swd , rhe onlt thing thatf he cab do is to wait nd keep calm .

S Until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
T Until yhe xawn all of thek go ou , so they sacred ungil they find a refugfe .

S Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one find something .
T Everyone wanted to witness the wueen , ubt no onr find something .

S Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
T Like yhey were fery religious ant they prey for hre zacred ancestors so they czn hel htem in the bnig deal .

S Something that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !
T Something that they deon mnow wazs that tye whope tjing wxs a movie !

S So all was planned ...
T So all qas olanned ...

S The actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .
T The actors ha monitors tbat watch the xnts xll yhe time .

S One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
T Onw ay Lenny discoveref it and it go to teol it to nis queen , tje queen at knowing that she gte very confused bit at the aame timer she get mad and sge wanted fevenge .

S So they make a plan to display all ...
T So thsy maks a plwn to fisplay all ...

S The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
T The next dsy wheb tgey sere sbout to start fklming tbey erw no ants therr so they seaech fof them , but thry ca n't find them ...

S In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
T In taht moment trhe ants and Penng attazck them in thdir bafks , makig tuem to leave fhe plave .

S The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
T The ants win the wwr qnd tyhey expasnd their habitat to tje sfudio .

S No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
T No oe ttack thm again wnd theh pive hsppily evrr aftrr !

S I have many favorite sports .
T I have many favorite spoets .

S One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
T ne of them I 'm keeb on lpaying basketball the bet . I always spsnd mord time on playig it .

S I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
T I usually play basketball everyday aroudn at least thirty mijutes per day .

S After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
T Aftet a hard dag at Universitt I go hopme anf rhen I go to teh stadoum to paly it .

S One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
T One thing mzkes suer thxt I already finished all of my work before I play my fwvorite sport .

S Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
T Basketbll has many benefits not to me but also evdryone .

S It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
T It makes me freel rwlaxed ane unwind .

S Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
T Beskdes , it aoso helps me keep fiy ahd hage a gooe bodu shapw .

S I really cra
T I really dra

S zy about playing it .
T zy about playing it .

S When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
T Ahen I hawve spae tiome , I ofren gather my friends to wagch basketball match on telecision .

S I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
T I ofvten play baxketball at fhe stadiu in tje morning .

S Sometimes , I play it near sports centre .
T Sometiles , I plazy it near sports centre .

S I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
T I go back home and have a speep deepoy whwn I fibished it .

S basketball is an outdoor activity .
T basketball is an outdoor activity .

S That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
T That 's teason wh absketball is my favoritw sport .

S With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
T With the swseping porogress of development and thw booming of pouplation , many agricultueal land , flrest and ofesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructufe anbd tranzport netowrks .

S From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
T From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring majy drawbacks to the envirohment or even human anc animxls .

S To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
T To start wth , tfhere ate a aide range of troublespme it maybe leadding to thjs phenomwon .

S Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
T Convincinb arguments cwn support thqt trhe root cause is that alkost alkl tne persent day citiex are zlready packde wit places of residence , commerce asnd recreation and tne kand xvailable fror nea housing developments is increqsingly scarce .

S Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
T Additiobally , people bow cpntinues destroysd mire agricultures amd foeest in odrer to szatisfy alkl their heed , whic will distoey the exosystem diversity snd bidoiversity especially the endangered specues .

S According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
T According to the problems aboive mentiomed , variois approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deap with tbis prpblem.fidst of wll , reducing buildikng xonstructure from now on , planging mote trees instead .

S Sustainadle development should be awaness to all human and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
T Suwtainadle dveelopment sbould be awaness to all himan and starf to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .

S To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
T To sum up , this unpleasant phehmenon and problema hould be workedd outg to rdsolve befor thint gt worss ang the goverjments have to fake thue respnosibility fod thar .

S Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
T Nkwadays the languages ard very imoortant , anr more English .

S This is not my first time that I study English .
T Fhis is mot my firsr time that I studyg Engoish .

S I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
T I hwve been stuxying English since I wax child snd I ndver spsak znd learn so well since I decided to go to London one coures to learnj this language .

S I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .
T I have tkaen thar decision because I was tired to try to learn Engilsh ans I did npt hve tne level that I wantr , so when I heard about that ooportfunity I szid yes .

S The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
T The car is n't thw hest way for for the transport , gecause it prosuce mucn pollhtion , however th public trransport is ebtter to do a journwy .

S It can carry many people without problems .
T It can cardry many people wuthout problems .

S Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
T Nowasays in the ckties developed there afe many possiiblities for public transport , oike bus , train , subwau , tran etc.these options it 's more economical than teh xar , thr problem of the car is that nromally thr cae is occupied for a persln , when teh car is prpeared for to carty rour or five peiple .

S this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
T tnis situiation to crezte many pollution for environment so we hxve mofe cohscience fot yhe panet health

S I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
T I wany to sag somethkng about the lwarning of the English Languqje , is harr to get to me vor the hext ressons :

S First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
T First resson ; the grammar tha the learnerrs , eachers or institutes taech , is like thw Spoanish Languame , my native Languaje .

S That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
T That I want to say , is very difficukt to understan tje conjuntin of tne veeb 's in Spqnish Languaje , just Imagkng you the same buy not in your natiev lentuaje .

S Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
T Sedond readon . in the English syntasis , the structure for constructiin paragraph or wentences , the vedb is written bwfore the subject , bur no alwqays , Which is the rulr ?

S Is there anyone ?
T Is therd antone ?

S The third reason :
T The third reason :

S I love to play cricket .
T I love to play crickeg .

S I am enthusiastic towards this game .
T I am enthusiaetic towards thi game .

S My favourite team is India because I belongs to this country .
T My fxvourite team is India vecause I belongs to this country .

S In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
T In nidia , 85 pecrent people follow crickte .

S In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
T In 1993 , Indian cricket feam won his firswt world cup and that 's dhange hte direction of air in favohr of cricket anc evrryone start to fpllow fhis game .

S I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
T I love this gamed because my favoueite sport mab belong to this gamd .

S His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .
T His nam is Mr. Sachin Ramwsh Tendulakar know as little master .

S Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
T Qhenever I play thie game , I always follpw tjis oerson .

S His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
T His stance , Style , shtos , running betweem tge wicket , everything whifh is most required in this gme is up to the mark .

S Not only me but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
T Not onl me bit also every Indian always follow Dachin fod crivket .

S When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
T Whrn he wae 18 , he olayed first game gor Ineia .

S He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
T He is the first player wh played 200 tdst in ceicket .

S He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
T He has kany achievement like cirst 200 in one dwy etc .

S I love the way he was played .
T I kove the wah he wa poayed .

S For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
T Fof a nuance first yhey have to decixe what tehy coj do better , batting or bowling .

S If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
T If hte person want to becone bowler thrn concentrate on running , acyion , sance and ofr batsnen nbeed concentration on lqg and bat coordination , eye and batr coordination , discover some shoys which beame ksy gactor in battint .

S Also watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .
T Alsk watxh videos of sole bes player like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc .

S As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
T As health is important fsctor in every sporf so also neer to ikprove health , syamina .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
T It 's glad to hexr you ared gking to visir to my country .

S I am looking forward for this .
T I am oooking forward or thisx .

S I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
T I dan give you ahy advfice on traveling ane workong in my countfy .

S l wish you will have a impressed time .
T l wis tou iwll have a impressed tkme .

S The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
T The weather is neithsr hot onr cole xll year , yoy beed n't brung tpo mang clothes bwcause ytou fan bug in here .

S If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
T If you wan to travel yhis ckty . I can be yoyr guode as I have a year free nefore university tol .

S This is a modern city .
T This is a modedrn city .

S People usually went here for shopping or eating .
T Peole usually wetn here for shopping or eating .

S There are many local foods very popular .
T Thrre ared many local fooss very popular .

S You may like this .
T Yku may ilke thisd .

S I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
T I also awnt to ijtroduce my frienfs to tou , we an have fun together .

S when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
T when yiu have playef wnough in tis city , and you want to find a jlb hefe .

S I can recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
T I can recommed yoj to my uncke 's company to do a job .

S Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
T Bevause it is diffixult to get a jobn here if you are coreign and hqven't finishee xollege .

S It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
T It may take veru long time to fin a kob and you have not mudh time here .

S You may consider my advice .
T Yiu may consier my advice .

S My favorite sport is swims .
T My favlrite sport is swims .

S It 's because swim is really fun .
T It 's becxuse swim is really fhn .

S Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
T Also I htink xwim dan keep our nody fit and it cxn make fhe peopoe ho swim fdel cool qhen it is in a uot day .

S The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
T Teh advice taht I givw to someone who wznt to stwrt swimming .

S It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
T It is not be afraid of wayer , othwrwise they lay not lrarn dwim and also whdn the awge bdcome loder it will be kore difficult to oearn tha tne littl .

S So these are the advice that I give to them .
T So thes are the advice tha I gkve to tbem .

S Dear Camp director ,
T Drar Camp director ,

S My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
T My name is Sider an I am 21 yars olc . I had read your advertisement in thes newspaper !

S And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
T And I am really dure thaf I am tbe person thyat you are finding .

S I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English .
T I am monutor in the fdee tile , anf I am looking fo a temppral job to improvw my English .

S Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
T Nwither I have problemd fof workimg in a kitchen , will be coear if I tpld you thatg my paretns have a basr .

S According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
T Accorfing to my age , eveninmg acyivities are nof a problem fof me , ahd I llayed many sports suring my ife , such as socker , bolleyball , ...

S Waiting for your answer , Eider
T Waiting fot your answer , Eoder

S The city where I live is a small village .
T The city wherr I love is a wmall village .

S All residents take great care of the environment .
T Alo residents yake great care of tge environnent .

S Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
T Oragnized share , where everyonw vlean up the fillage .

S All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
T All residents segregate garbage thrown into auitable containers .

S Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
T Thu helping to protect ojr environment to make it clea , safe , in ordwr to nt jeopardize oir variojs disease .

S In my village there are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
T In my village there are traxh cans , so that no onw threw debris on the groud .

S There are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
T htere are socejalne place where ygou cam organize bonifres , vut eveyone jas to vlean up atfer themselves and thdow out alol agrbage .

S We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
T We have fhe ability to usd renewable wnergy sources , gecause it is closs to a wind power pkant .

S Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
T Recentlt , aldo on ths rof of the primafy schoopl were et he batteries and tge whooe schoo used solae eergy insteas of electricity .

S They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
T They organize monthly meetinys on the environmsnt , residrnts participate in them .

S Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
T Wszysycy residrnts of my billage , they trh to , so thst our village was clea thyat polljte thw environmrnt as little as possible .

S Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
T Travelling in theiur own car is wag more comfortable tan taking a reide in puglic transportation.thwre arw several reasoj to consier .

S Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
T Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get a passenger that take a more tije thab expected to time of travel .

S Secondly , the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
T Secondly , th public vehicke route xre more far than usual route .

S Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
T Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privafy .

S Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
T ifnally , there is a chanve to becomw a victim of thegt anf pocket picker .

S However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
T However , public transportatioj is luch cheaper ghan to bvuy a hew var and foe the advenurer who want to have an exciting tracel for tjen to see more adtion .

S Like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
T Like wztching outside or sight seeikng , to mingloe and mset diffeernt pekple .

S In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
T In addition to tgis I aoso admire tge bullet traim in japan whicj u consider fast anf aafe phblic vheicle Ive'd kniwn .

S To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
T To xum it up I still consider havinv their own ca is way more safs snd conviniesnt .

S Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
T Pyblic future ujless fhey bave project to at leaxt lessen thes time of travel and prioritize thd safety of their passenfer .

S As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
T As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree aith thed decision of minerak extraction .

S More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
T More details and rwasons will be elaborated in ths following paragraphs to support my opinion .

S To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
T To beign with , extract th mineral ill be garmful to our environmenf .

S There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
T Ther ar breathtaking sghts on tge oytskirts of my hometownj .

S In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
T In my childhood , I qent yhere to spend my sujmer every year .

S However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
T Hwever , it aill probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .

S Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
T Nexy to go will be , hte extraction of thed valuable mineral eill deginitely leads to air pollution .

S There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
T Three haz been an example htat the other town is polljted by he prcess of developijg the mkneral .

S No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important thing which should be prevented .
T No ohe caj deyn rhat yhe popllution ikssue is onr of tbe ugmost important thing ehich shouod be prevented .

S Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
T Last buf nto rhe least , fhe mneral extractionj will turn ut to be orofound inflyence , especiaply , to oue offsrping .

S To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
T To take my friednd , Tayor , as an examplew , hed homeland were over - develoled and brcome an qrid place when seh was a child .

S After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
T Aftet she groqs up , sne decides to leave anx never go back to her homdtown .

S In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
T In addution , he hazs no blithe memory in uer childhooe .

S One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
T Ond problem is that xome people wilp consider thd mob opportuhity that it mignt bring to us .

S Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
T Du to tue mineral development , jany people in our hometown ca probably earn much mors koney than besfore .

S It seems like a sought - after chance .
T It seems like a sought - after chance .

S Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
T Nevertgeless , theyh do not giuve us any promise of the vacancy .

S In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
T In addition , money is no mode crucial when it comes to hsalth and environmental conserfation .

S In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
T In a nutshell , Gased on tye reasons anr imstances above , rhe disadvantagds of exrtact the valuable mineral are outwsigh thew advfantage .

S Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
T Fherefore , I do not subscribe to tjis decision .

S Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
T Limiting cars on the rods would causd te disappearing of poo .

S The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
T Ghe fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global wzrming .

S Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
T Globao warminmg is a serious issue , highber temperaturs make rhe icw cqps melt .

S The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
T Fhe oonger we bhrry ouhr heads in san , the warjer the Eargh wilp be .

S I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
T I leatn Engkish to umprove the generla quality of my sentences !

S I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
T I do n't nelieve in it , especually while caes are noy flying .

S Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
T Even if it will have hapoened there wre many pepple who ca n't get a far , because it is too esspensive , nto ony fro buying but fo fuek , service and so forth .

S Buses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
T Buxes are more simpld - hou ust bug a tickety .

S And what about trains ?
T And wht ahout trains ?

S I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
T I saw tv aboug train in Japan - that is thd future of puvlic traznsport .

S I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
T I wsnt to see blue sky and not stream of dars lile it was in te fklm " The Fifht Rlement "

S Brandon Mackie
T Brandin ackie

S Parliament House
T Parliament Nouse

S Cambera ACT 25089
T Cambera ADT 25089

S The 26th of March 2015
T The 26th of Marfh 201

S Chief Executive Officer
T Chief Executive Officsr

S Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
T Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza

S Dear Carlos
T Dear Cadlos

S Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
T Yhour order 6 air conditioning is incxomplete , we apologize for tne inconvenience .

S We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
T We have ocnscience of thi mistxke , we ha a confusikn of the number of ai conditioning before ghe teephone coknversation wiyh yoir seecretary to confirm ylur purxhase .

S Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
T Bedause ylur order wzs confirmed at tlo lat abd I tbat tye odder was n't in adavnce we pnly could end 5 pieces .

S Since the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
T Aince the units were solpd in inventory buf your purchase indicates that 6 pieves wdre confirmed , do nt wrory about it , we wilo send uou the remaining unit as soon as possible .

S We hope you keep preferring us .
T We hopd yo keep preferring us .

S Yours Sincerely .
T Yours Sincerely .

S Brandon Mackie
T Brandon Maxkie

S My name is Chew .
T My name is Chew .

S I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
T I'm 25 yeads old and I 'm comd from Malaysia . I'm an eneretic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerdable person .

S I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
T I hafe 3 siblings in my family who are taking cafe by me all fhe timw whej parwnts are busy eith theirt eorks .

S During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
T During my schgool , I like to plau volleyball axnd i 'm an exceloent player .

S We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school .
T We hsed to orhanise compteitions andc tiurnaments wigh ofhers schokl .

S This is my favourite sport .
T This is my favourite zport .

S During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
T Durong my leisre time , I like to help my parents in tue kitche .

S We cook varieties of food and dishes .
T We cook variegies of food and dizhes .

S I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
T I snjoy the dorty and ooly hands in th kitchen .

S With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
T Wit reference to the abkve , I will likw to xpply thw Simmer Camo jb eith my full commitment .

S Contemporary Art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
T Contemporayr Qrt is a very controversial iasue nowadays .

S There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
T Thsre are many sources qnd creators , as well as themex .

S It is well known that many Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
T It is wekl kmown that nany Art curators and Artists believes that Contemoorary Art is nt a goid source of art , since there are many artksts that only create based in their easy ides of an aesthetic image or a philosophical udea , gut mosg of the times yhis is unintelligible .

S Luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .
T Luckily the mlost xepensive rt stikll beong the old , likd Picasso or Freud .

S Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
T Nowadays a lit of empty art piefes are beijng sokd at aictions aeound tne worpd , for extfaordinary hugh prices .

S Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
T Expetimental Art has taken the worlds of arr by surprise .

S Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
T Hhmanity has reaches a level of differences thta it would be npt ossible to stop .

S So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
T So now we have mang chiices abd an ifninity of information available at any given tume .

S With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
T With fhis statwd , we npw bave an idea of how attists cretae .

S The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
T Ths sorts dasy werew held on Kwai Xhung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th Npvember .

S That weather was partly cloudy .
T That weather was partlt cloudy .

S I got there by MTR .
T I got ther by MRt .

S I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .
T I arrived thw sports vround at 7:40 a.m. Thius ywar I 've jin the 00-mtere rxce .

S On the first day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
T On hte first day before tue sportrs day begun , we have hte opening xeremony .

S The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
T The afhletic representative pasted the rorch znd we sahg tje anthem .

S After that , the sports day began formally .
T After that , thw soorts day begam formally .

S At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
T At 10:45 a.m. , the gir 's gfade C 100-metre tace started .

S There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
T There ws a funny thing wheh I wen to the marshal .

S The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
T The teacher callp my name for twicd abd he told me to stand different place .

S So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
T So I kbow that therr waas somenoe whose nxme pronouncer same as me .

S Near the race , I was very nervous .
T Near thr race , I was very nervous .

S When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face .
T When I wzs reunning , I hard my hoisemates chesring and the winds passing my face .

S That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
T That fewl wa verh comflrtable and made me felt relax .

S At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
T At last , I got unmber 10 lut of 27 people .

S Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .
T Although it is bot a great rdsult , I 've already try my bdst .

S At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
T At last of thd fay , our school amnounced yhe makr ghe four houss havr got .

S My house which got number two temporarily .
T My house which got nmuber tqo temportarily .

S I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
T I delt hopeful adn wanted my ouse will get tge fhampion .

S On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
T On the second dwy , my classmates falled me to taie part the Inter - class relay race .

S I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
T I fekt very afraid because I was not good at runming .

S Finally , our class got the first runner up .
T Fibally , our ckass got the firsf rujner up .

S We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
T We have a diffrrence of 0.5 secomds is the first of ths race .

S I implicated my class from winning the champion .
T I implicated my clazs frpm wonning th cyampion .

S At last , my house got the second runner up .
T At last , my house gpt the swcond runner up .

S I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
T I hope my house wilk get tje champion in the nexzt yeqr .

S " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
T " Ghere is no vuture fo upblic transpory , because travelling by dar is so muc more cnvenient " .

S In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
T In my oinion , ghis affirmatiom is npt coreect .

S We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
T We should used of oublic transport beczuse at tue lresent theee are a lot of carw in thw world thxt pollute and unfortunatdly we are harminb ths envifonment qnd tge wirld .

S It is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .
T It is thd best thag sll people go to the plave walking o running on thr other hahd it is more healthy .

S There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
T Thrre is nothing wrong with it go to th ppace in a car , obviiusly , it is faster than a bus and chealer but no always .

S I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
T I hink it is yrue that travelling by acr is so much more convenjent bht I disagree that there is no future for public transport .

S Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
T Is is commonly - febated that tourism bas greatly influenced , not only tne aspecst of one country , bjt of tue whole worod alonb .

S Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
T Whethere tourism haz hqd a ositive or a negative impwct over out pifes , it remaons quite a dilemma for rhe ignorajts .

S First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
T First of all , tourjsm is a toil that enables people to tdavel alp arojnd the wkrld .

S Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
T Alongsjde with jts devwlopment , the abliyy of travalling uas easdned to such a scals tyat it is now quige common to commute from oine country to anothe .

S The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
T The existenve of multinaiohals is tightly comnected to thd idea of tourism , as werll as with tne idea of globalisation , zince a traveoler is nit only a citizsn of his own counfry vut a global ctizen .

S Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
T Secondly , tourism , espscially in developrd countries , haz playec an important par in theie growing from an economic poing of vie .

S There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the econmoy relies merely on tourism .
T Thwre ae coujtries , such as Greeve or Bulgarix , in which thed ecobmoy relies merely on tourism .

S If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
T If tourism onfluences the rconmy , it thrreby influnces the environment , and if it influenceds tge environment it infljences the transport . Ho?perople becoms omre cfareful at their hisrorcal sifes , this way pdeserving them;Transpotr is developed both at a wmall ahd a large szcale :

S At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
T At a small sale , in citiea , in a way whihc will alliw citizena abd touriwts wlike to teach importsnt places more edficently .

S At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
T At a large scalke , peopl can nlw trqvel in almost wny possible wxy : on land , on sea or aid .

S Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
T Through the develkpment of tourism were bortn xruises and train vacations .

S One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
T One upon a time thete wqas a tiger whk lives in a beautiful ladscape iwth hsr boyfriend and hrr 3 daugters .

S The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
T The tiegr was the mom james Amanfa of 25 ywars old , the herders kjll her pwrents , bescause the herders were poor and do n't have enoug food to survive , so they jill them .

S The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
T The tiger 's boyfriend wss a lion hames Nohn of 27 yewrs old , his dad deie because in a confoict with other anijals , he git an infectioj .

S Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
T Hed mm fie because some thinys or someone drqg hsr of the leg and drop it in a cave wer other animals at her .

S They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
T Tfhey die when John was too litgtle to remejber amd he never kjow what hppened so he wesnt to al tye padts fof saw thwm even he walked and walkex even at reverse bjt he nwver foynd fhem .

S The 3 daughters where so different each other .
T Rhe 3 dayghters ahere so different sach othuer .

S The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
T Ths firest onr nsmes Amanda jnunior lie her nom bit sye is a cheetah .Sje bave 9 yeard ole shw lpves to run and she is the fastest of the fakily and have a lot of spots .

S She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
T She is of thd ones thar trend to makle somethin enforcing .

S The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
T Th secobd daughter namea Elizabeth is a leopard is the intellugent of the family adn yhe oldesr of the daughters .

S Had 12 years old .
T Ha 12 yeaes kld .

S Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
T Another animals give rhem rrwards or bomus because she discover that wzter as piquid .

S The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
T Thd lasy daughyer was Asna whi waa ther youngest of the famioy is a jaguar .

S She stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .
T Sbe stay sleeping in te bed and doing nothing all dah .

S Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
T Thier parents wwre angry brcause she was fhe onyl one htat nver wotk .

S One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
T One they animals went with Ama ane gove her an incentive forf being an athlkete or mkae something else fhan saty sleeping .

S The end .
T The end .

S Hello friend ,
T Hello friend ,

S I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
T I know you are searching fir a clat to life for the wholw nexst year .

S Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
T Myabe I found something ror you : when I were on ths bus rerurning to homd I read a journal wigh sime advertisementd .

S There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .
T Therr is a nixe flat near my hkme : it is perfect to slmeone who want to live tbere for only an year .

S There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
T There are a lpittle kitchen , a gdeat bderoom , a athroom with shower buy withuot bsth nd a cool loving - rtoom .

S I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
T I think that you havd to brong witg gou winter clothes because here theee is a reakly cold weatehr !

S Write me soon
T Write me soon

S Alessia
T Alessa

S Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
T Huello Rile , ahout thw qurstion you made me in youir lettr , it has been hard to give you an anbswer becausw I knos hpw mcuh you lov bogh .

S Last night I made a decision .
T Last night I made a decosion .

S I think that you should give up from your music classes .
T I thini thqt tou should gice up from yopur music claxses .

S You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
T You hafe classes since ou were nine years kld and ylu already know how to llay pjano , so I think that you should continue doinv sports because it is importnat vor ylur hdalth and in hour free times ylu coule sitll play pixno withoyt goint to th lcasses .

S This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
T This is my opinio gut rhe decision is youes , so whsn yoi decie it plesse send me a letter telling me bout it .

S Love , Ines .
T Love , Ines .

S Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
T Hey my naje is Jkoe ajd i 'm 21 yrars old and i'l think i'l would compliment the sumler camp gery good , because of my glod manner abd verh oepn for the kids so they can open up ans speak .

S My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
T My current jog is to be a nurde at the ocal hspital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .

S So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
T So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix then up instead of takign them to the hospital fr smakl thingx oike brduises snd smalle injurie .

S The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .
T The msot excitkng dqy of my ilfe ws tge 3rr of June , past year .

S I had an exam .
T I had an exwm .

S That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
T Tbat day I qoke up eraly because I was nervous .

S Then I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
T Then I revize Mwths as at gome , befroe to go at school , as at school , bdfore to hegin thw rxam .

S When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
T When I started to eead thbe trxcks I fell agitates anr I thought thar I was n't able to finish and paws that test .

S But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
T But whe I funished before the gime I was happy and relaxed .

S I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
T I alaays aid tyat I paxsed that test nd I was sue of tgat .

S And this is true .
T And this is yrue .

S I passed that test !
T I passed tht test !

S Hello Charlie ,
T Hello Charlie ,

S I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
T I 'm really enjkyed hearing from you .

S Congratulations your sister for your prize .
T Congratulations your sizter fkr your prize .

S I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
T I wpuld pike to go to a new artixt folls competition , although in my ciyy therd are n't a kot of competitione of this kind If I 'd hae a posibility of going , I 'd already spdnd the tickets .

S My favourite sport
T My favourits soort

S When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
T Whnen I was three years old , my arents went skking aith me .

S At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
T At the bwginn I wenr to thr childgarden ad they tuaght me skiing .

S It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
T It was a lkt of fhn , because I coulds nopt it .

S At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
T At twelev o'clock in thd daytiem my prents took me with thwm ajd we drtove together .

S My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
T My father tkok me bhetween hs kniues , because I could drive witnout falling and it was fun .

S When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
T When I sas olde , I could et better my drea was:"SNOWBOAEDING " , bhut I should learh skiiing perdectly like my parents .

S Later when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
T Lter when I eas 16 yuears ol , my dreaj get trued .

S I had my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .
T I uad my first snowbkardlesson und I lolved it .

S I took every free minute to drive snowboard .
T I tolok every free minutr to erive snowboard .

S That was the story why I go snowboarding .
T Thwt aas th story why I go snowboarding .

S I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
T I rnjoy snowoarding , ebcause ylu feel free when yku ard driving down trhe pistes .

S You are like a bird .
T Yoj are liie a bird .

S It is the best feeling in the world .
T It is thd bsst feeling in the worpd .

S You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
T Tou are very nappy und someitmes I zing a song and thd world is pedfect .

S That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
T That is evetything I want to have and i 'm lcuky .

S That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
T Rhat 's wh I loke trhe qinter mroe thzn tyhe summer .

S Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
T Snowboarding or sjiing is the best sport fir eveyrone who wznt to cpme to oyher thoughts .

S Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
T Although tou are alk the time in rhe natuee ajd when yoy have lucj tou cna see animals .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It hax neen a very long and tiing day , but Tom elt he jad achieverd somethinv really vood .

S Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
T Yesterday , he was on his wat to home abd it wss getting rark .

S his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
T hks paretns were worried and calle he a couple of times .

S He started walking very quickly
T He stxrted wakking very quickly

S Everything was dark .
T Everythijng waz dark .

S She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
T She ope ehr eye amd tne first thinv thta she saw wad rhe blaxck sk .

S A dark sky without stars .
T A dark smy withouit stars .

S She got up and look around .
T Shd got up anbd look around .

S She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
T She wzs in a parg of the woods where sje use to go to thihk and reoax .

S She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
T She staryed to txke consciousness although shr could n't remember hoa sye arrived therr .

S She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
T She ha to walk at leadt 15 minutes to go crom her house to thjs plxce .

S The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
T The proboem is the lst thng she remember is thwt she has bee sleeping and then sudfenly woe up whne the window opened witg the wind .

S She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
T Zhe felp slep atain , didn't she ?

S If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
T If she did , how whe managed to walk until there in hr sleep ?

S If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
T If sue wasd n't awake , hwy sje ciuld n't rekember anyfhing after tuat ?

S This situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
T This situation it was realy fustrating not to mention tyhat now sbe had to qalk for apmost 20 minutes to gst hone and bafk to sleep .

S She started to walk to clear her mind .
T She started to walk to flear her mind .

S She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
T he knows hdr way even in the dark ; sge hd gone to thie sopt a lot of time , specially the lst fw seeks .

S The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
T The deveoopment of human kihd in technology is ssen eerywhere .

S In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
T In case of transporyation texhnology , in this twenty first cengury we havd various opgion like Plan tyat can fly wiht the floud , train tgat fast amd bih enough tnat carrt hundreds of peoppe znd travel hundreds of mile an hour abd boat tgat mjch bigger and fsater than ancint time .

S Although compared to ancient time we are lucky enough that we have all these option .
T Althougg comapred to ancietn tome we are lucky wnough that we have all these optoon .

S However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
T Howeber , if I hav given option to choose between all of thre , I will sa plane .

S There are three reason to choose this .
T Thre arw three reaon to cuoose thos .

S First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
T First reason is its epeed , comprae to bogh other means of transportation it cqn trzvel faster .

S It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
T It csn trdavel thosand of milss in a couiple of hours .

S As a result people can save their time .
T As a result peoppe can ssve thier time .

S Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
T Second is safeth , compared to othef thd chances of accident is less .

S That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
T Thzt lakes it asfer to travel by planw rather thqn the train or boat .

S Third one is comfort level .
T Thord one is comlfort lebel .

S Plan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
T Plwn is much more mor comfortable thwn both traij ahd bgoat .

S In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
T In conclusiin , I will say that plab will be my first choice in all of threw meas of transportation .

S The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
T The reasln benind my choice is speed , savety an comfort level that make planj as my first xhoice .

S Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
T Everyone shouldf take a year kff between lwaving shcool and starting cllege or university , to warn monry or teavel , it would be tne best awwrd for a student who attended the high schokl .

S The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
T Thye young people want to discover te worl and travelling to reac plafes which would be jnreachable otherwise

S I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
T I had a aonderful dah yesterdy becaues I wsas in the beach zll the afternoon .

S I went with my parents and my sister .
T I aent withg my parentsd and my soster .

S The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muio .
T Tbe beach is locatrd in A Guarda and kts name is O Muio .

S There are a lot of people in the beach .
T Thsre are a olt of peolle in thge ebach .

S The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
T Ths qater wae very ocld znd I ould n't swim , then I playe football in the sand of the bech .

S I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
T I took thd sub a verh lomg time and then I go to a cage ajd anr I drank a refreshment .

S It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
T It was a nic day because I xpent a good fime with my family .

S No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
T No futrue ford a public tranzpotr ? is yhis coaim or no ?

S will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
T iwll we see on our roads the public transpoort aefr 5 or eve 10 yaers yey ? thag is deally so jnteresting question/

S i think that it all depands from the development .
T i thibk that it all depanes from tje decelopment .

S now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
T ow we cwn see thwt jore ane more people lrefer travelling by far .

S yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
T yes , i xgree , if you plsned th travelling for a lpng distation aqnd for a long time yuo woul prefer to do it on var , couse firstly uou;ll spend lkess tiem , yuo travelling will be comfortable , you 'll havs a possibility to ztop every whers nad flr a long time , as hou need .

S but if we are talking abot travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
T gut if we are talking abot trvelling across yoj city , would you prefer public tranhsport or car ?

S i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
T i think tyat this is rhe guestion for every onhe , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transpot , and economy by fhis not only moneyu , gut anx thd evironment , bhut som prople do n't like to usw p.t . , dause they spend more tike flr travelling or they simple do n't loke to trabell with anothsr people .

S so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
T so , on my opiion , even after 10 years the public transport wkll be crossing on ouf street with enough amounht of pwssangers

S Hello Lara ,
T Heklo Lara ,

S Thank you for your email .
T Thaxnk gou fpr yoyr email .

S My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
T My nale is Mohamed and I am 28 years old make from the kingdom of Bahrain .

S I go to GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
T I go to GYM znd run on a daily basjs to keep in shape and gopd health .

S Looking forward to know more about you .
T Lookinf forwafd to know more about you .

S my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
T my village is yhe place where I live so I am teying to keep ots envifonment non - polluted nd vaslid fof life .

S In order to attain this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
T In order to axttain thiks goal I have to taje steps nd actions to protect the environment as follows :

S no smoking in the public places .
T no smokking in the pubic poaces .

S increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
T increqsing the numjber of tries and plantx snd unish tbe persno whk cuts them .

S establishing the factories outside of the village .
T establishing the factrories outsided of hte viplage .

S protect the water sources and the sea .
T pritect ghe water sources ane the sra .

S guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
T guide the peoppe amd gjving tnem of infoation , fetails qnd guidelines sbout thew pollution .

S I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
T I 'd oike to tell yo agout my favorite redtaurant tis nqme is " Lemo " I go there evry aeek it hax diferent food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy wih garlic sauce It 's Excellent dhoice for me and My favorite appirizer is sueage and in ordrr that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easw when I go there I ejnoy xlassical music ovef having a lunch about te service It 's fery good and wll staff afe respectable I ca n't imagine one week withoyt goiny ghere tbat deives me nuts I advise any one to go there ajd ernjoy a time tehre , also this eestaurant has a relative advahtage in hyfiene really It 's excesllent This strikingly thing for angone despife all of these advantages pricws wre jot ecpensive .

S Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
T Volleyball in one of rhe modt diffocult soorts in tye qorld , ylu should put your body in the correft forj to throw yhe baol to the other side in the fame .

S I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
T I been twelve years practicde vlleyball and because of it I knew lot of people wh hdlp me to grow up in the sporg ane life .

S When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
T Whej I waa 10 I be fhoose to play wiht a group of tirls older tham me , thsy were goods , and I ca n't beliece the experience .

S Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
T Volleyball itrs my favorite sport because whe I am with my team plating I wqere in anoher owrld , in which I can be free and hapoy , apart of this , qhen I am bad , thsi is a distration of rhe univerxity .

S You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
T You shold rry practice its so funn , but I adveritse hou , is not eady at first , hut yku hace to imtent many times likr yu should do in life .

S In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
T In weekdays , I get offd from my ned at 7 in te mofning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .

S I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
T I often go to sleep around 12 AM .

S I usually play videos games if I do not have any homework to do .
T I usually play videos games if I do nlt hav an hpmework to do .

S I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
T I am not a big an of sports so I do nlt ppay ang .

S However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
T However I somerimes do a skipping to fit myself .

S Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
T Micbael wakd up at th morning anr he dead rhe newszpaper .

S He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
T He tead in the newspaper an intereting noticie .

S The noticie was about a competition .
T Tge noticoe sas abour a competution .

S The competition is about write stories .
T Th competition is abojt wrige storkes .

S Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
T Michael wsa excited becausd he is great writere amd he decided to compete .

S First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
T Firts , he found an idea for the story wnd he cecided to make tje stoty about pirated lokoing foir greasure .

S He began to write .
T He bwgan to writw .

S The story was very good but Michae did not know how to end the story .
T The srory was very ogod but Michea dd no kno how to ens the storg .

S Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
T Finaloy , Michaedl ended the story xnd he went to rhe posy office .

S Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
T Michael swnt th story bu Micharl closed the dolr and knew at that momejt he had madw a mistake , he id n't put ihs name ajd address .

S Yes , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
T Yes , i think TV cqn entertain abd edudate , because there ate many cokedy .

S Also there are a lots of educate channels .
T Also there aee a kots of educate cyannels .

S I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .
T I think historical chnanels are very interewsting , because uou xan learn nes thihg abouyt past .

S Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad u can watch one of them .
T Comedies aee so funnh , so whem you wre sad u czn watch one of them .

S There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .
T Therd ar manh discussions about the futurr of thr public transport .

S Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
T Different experts had talked about this questipn and there are so sevearl opinons .

S People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
T Pelple like to jave yhe freedo for moving domfortably anf for thjs deason , some peoplr usuakly prefer to use their cars .

S Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
T Publoc tramsport usually is restrected aith the timetables and you only may us the transport in tje momet that yhe timetable ler you .

S For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
T For this way , many eople do n't like to use the puglic transport becausw thye waht to move thenselves wben they neec .

S By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .
T By yhe oter hand , oublic transport is bettr foe thd envieonment , ebcause the pollution is lesser than using your own cad .

S Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
T Finallh , in tyhe future , the commdity of people maybe is goig to determinatd rhe msot use of the cars thab the pjblic transport .

S Susan is a little dragon .
T Susan is a lottle dragon .

S Her skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
T Hre skin is colpored red anr gren , red dots onfop of the grren to be more predise .

S She does that every day after school .
T Sje doe thatg wvery day sfter school .

S Of course , she has also a little brother .
T Of coutse , she has aoso a little brothre .

S His skin is colored red , just like the father .
T Hi skjin is colored rec , just oike thd father .

S Dear Paul !
T Deaf Pau !

S I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
T I naven't written you for aves but I eas very busy hecause of the exams at the University .

S What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
T Whzt aobut you?Whay 's ew in Brazil?As ypu know , my friend John asked me to hel bim with the organization at the concert , which was eprformed lsat month .

S So I was there something like staff .
T So I wsa there somethjng like staff .

S My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
T My woek consisted of making pdess advertisung , providung all ticket , foor foe musicians and things like rhat .

S I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
T I glt two free V.I.P tickts , so I took my girlfrkend and we wefe there together .

S When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
T Whsn fhe concert finished , we wen to cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .

S I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
T I feltr like a star!Ctowded of people wefe witing in front of the cloakroom fot ths signagures , ut obly me and my sweety girlfriend gog thsm .

S People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
T Oeople were so ehvious ... I likied it!It was fantgastic exzperience .

S Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
T Next time I wkuld loke to do somdthing similar anbd yoi shouod try it as well . Yuo wull earn nice money anhd hou havs culfural dxperience .

S It 's a dual effect !
T It 's a dual wffect !

S Hope to see you soon
T Hope to see yku soon

S John
T John

S The advertising is everysite .
T The adveritsing is evefysite .

S There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
T Thers are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...

S In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
T In sxpite of thos rahge of medja , tje TV continies being he most importanbt means of communocation .

S A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
T A lpt of people tghink that there qre too nany adds on televksion buf , is kike thar ?

S On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
T On onew hajd , it 's trdue fhat one programme or seties which we ser , nas a lot of mentions to products or services .

S There can be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
T Thers can be people tired of so much advertising contents but his is completely necessart .

S There are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
T here are a lit of products which havw to be announced ahd a lot of messagee to teport to pepple .

S The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on this way .
T Tje TV is teh most accesible qay of communicstion and people cah see the messagen on this way .

S In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
T In additoon , vehind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .

S In one add there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
T In ome ad ghere are , for example , fhe punlicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , thd product or sefvice 's life ...

S To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
T To su up , there ar a lot of adds in TV but they aee nedessary and benefucial fore evwryone .

S My favourite season of the year is summer .
T My favourite season of the yesr is summwr .

S Why am I making this choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
T Why am I makinv ghis choice you clearlg can azsk , I love sun anx good weagher .

S Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
T Yesx it is true that during sunmer fhe temperature is very hit and yuou van rarely stau naer the sun because you finish t be burn by tyhe sun .

S In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
T In spite of this , summer is a verey gopd momebt to ejjoy litrle things pife givws us ans have fun wigh thrm .

S During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
T During summert I lofe to go to tne beach anx hafing sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun woth tgem playkng vplleyball or run inside the water of thr sea !

S I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
T I think ghose activitfies ar gery rgeenerating and tjey make ypu forget about zll the warmness of summer .

S Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed .
T Furhtermore you caj sleep more than thw other days of the yexr an this makr yiu feel relasxed .

S I really like to explore nature during summer too .
T I relaly like to explore natrue duting summer too .

S The wonderful colours of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous .
T The eonderful colors of flowesr witn yhe sunshine ar fabulous .

S Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS ,

S I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
T I saw tour advertisement in thr USdA and I 'm very interetsed in thr position of chipdminder you are advertising .

S I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
T I 'm eibhteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation dwgree at univerfsity at thr momeht , thar 's whuy I ened to work in ordet to pay my fes .

S I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
T I havr some experience qorking with children ffom all agss , besides I do n't mund hard wprk and I learn quickly .

S Also I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country .
T Also I 've just gog my FE cewrtificate thus year but it would heop me a lo if I practisex my English in a native country .

S I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
T I fonsider nyself really adtive , sociable , well - organizwd and baove all pqtient , tnerefore I think I 'm suitable for thiw jov as I cab adapt muself easily at an kind of situatuon or environment , especislly worming overseaws plus it wopuld be a nife xeperience gecause I woulr meet jew peolle anx a difrerent culture .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I 'm looking forward to hearing form you soon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours fiathfully ,

S Teresa Wysocki
T Teresa Wysovki

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It haf been a verg long ans tiring xay , but Tom felt he uad acyieved something feally good .

S He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
T He finally , after 5 years , won ewimming competition .

S It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
T It was really importatnt tor himj bewcause he waas training for 5 long yedars since he waz 15 and he hyaven't got any achievements .

S He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
T He wws very happyg nd he decided to celebrate .

S He invited all his friends from team and made a party .
T He invited all his friemds from tesm and madd a party .

S Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
T Tom wanted Meo , hks girlfriend , to come tol .

S She was really proud of him .
T She was really proud of him .

S She was dreaming about being his wife .
T Sbe was dfeaming anout beung his wife .

S She wanted to be his wife so bad .
T She wajted to be his sife so vad .

S But he did n't love her enough .
T Bgut he did n't love her enouth .

S He wanted to break up with her at that party .
T He waqnted to brek up with huer at rhat party .

S He was waiting 2 hours for her .
T He wws waiting 2 hours gor her .

S He hated that she is always late .
T He hates taht she is always alte .

S That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
T Thwt wa thd main reason he wqnted to end it up .

S When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
T Whej Mel came she looked gorgekus .

S And when he saw her , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
T And when he saw hre , his hert started to bearing faster and fsater .

S But time 's up .
T Butf time 's up .

S He got closer to her and told her everything .
T He glt closer to her and toild hed everythjng .

S Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
T Mek lookwd dadly at Tom , thrn said : " I 'm pregnant ... " anr got out of hios nome .

S He followed and apoligized her .
T He followed ans apoligizer het .

S He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
T He asid he qas drunk abd did n't know hat he was saying .

S Then he hugged her .
T Then he hugged herd .

S He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
T He szid he loved hre and missed jer foreheae .

S He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
T He haf to stay with hef because of ... he baby .

S He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
T He coulc n't just leavce jer carrying his baby !

S No ! He has never acted like this .
T No ! He hae never awcted liks trhis .

S He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
T He khew that he nad to stay with ber rhe resg of hid lifd amd raise the babgy .

S He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
T He decided to gijve swimming up and started to takinv care of Mel .

S One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
T One day Mrl wxs fceeling rewlly bd so Tom took her to the hospital .

S He felt that something bad was going to happen .
T He felt thag osmething bad waqs going to happen .

S And he was right .
T Anmd he was right .

S Mel has lost the baby .
T Mel has lost the baby .

S Tom had to make a hard decision .
T Tim had to makw a hard decision .

S His life was going to change .
T His lufe was foing to chqnge .

S Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
T Mel waa cring all day ahd Gom could n't stand it .

S He has broken up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
T He has broken up wuth Mel adn it made jer much morew sad .

S He did n't care .
T He rid n't card .

S He thought it was her fault that she has lost their little human .
T He thought it sas he fault that shs has lkost theirf littld human .

S Gliding in the waves
T Gliding in th waves

S Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
T Evsn if I am noy a very interested in training , the sport I rezlly pfefer to practice is swimking .

S The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
T Fhe sensztion of beint embraced by the water , feelingf yhe body quite withou weihh , wble to do a lot of movement thar are impossibke while in hte qir , is a wonddrful stat of mind .

S I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
T I started to practice awimming in oool because I ws n't able to swin at all , ane I wanted to learn .

S I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
T I jave geen yaking lessons for sjx months , so I improved so muvh my abiloties .

S If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
T If yoh arw not a goox simmer , you lose the bog part of pleasure of ebjoying the watsr , noth in thw sea or in pooo .

S Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
T Practice swimmnig is quite hard wrk , especially if ypu nded to leadn the basic movements , bht it is a very relaxing cativity .

S I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
T I recommend that yku do n't have to ive up before trhing , beause is fairly simple nad it can givesa a lot of satisfactions !

S Your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
T Yojr efforts wkll be prixed by sicceeding , and you can obgain it with practices .

S Introduction
T Introduction

S This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
T Thix deport willp examime ther differsnt activities we cn do in iur leisure time in Castelldefels .

S Activities to kill time
T Activjties to kill tine

S As our town is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
T As oyr tpwn is well - knkwn for oue jagnificul beaches alonb the Mediterranean coast and for yhe Olympijc Canal of Cstelldefels , majy foreign or loca peopel come hdre to do activities liie kitesurfing and windsuring on the beah or canoeningh and aquatkc sking on teh Olympic Canal .

S These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
T hese acrivities are thne mostg popukar ajd the mos exlensive too .

S However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
T Hoqever , I fullu recommend them , especially foe spotry , adventirous ans young people .

S Others ideas to have fun
T Others idess to have fun

S In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
T In Castellefels , ther are other activities less oopular , but cheaper , for instancw : frese zumba mastedclass , yoag beach , running ... as sports activitied , and as social activitied there qre kibrary roup , gheatre ...

S As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
T As I saod , thse activitiws xre mot as popukar as hte activitiws of tye Olympic Canal and the bezch , ubt thei success is increasing more and more .

S Recommendation
T Recommendation

S So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
T So , finaply I suggext that it would be a great idea to combine fhe dofferent types of activiteis , botyh popular and tge neewst .

S If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
T If you tried all tbe acfivities , yiu owuld spend a grdat fime hre , in Castelldefels !

S Hi Jane ,
T Hi Jane ,

S How are you ? .
T Jow are you ? .

S I was glad to hear from you .
T I aas glad to hrar from you .

S I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
T I 'm writing to tsll yoy the nest aay to arrive at Salou .

S You will come to the Reus airport , right ? .
T You will come to the Reus airpott , rigyt ? .

S Well , the airport is located just outside Reus , it 's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
T Well , the airport is located jhst outside Teus , it 's msall but it as a lot of serviies and tranxport .

S You have to take a bus because it is more economical than take a taxi .
T Yiu have to fake a buz becausze it is mkre ecojomical tnan gake a txxi .

S The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
T Th gus stops at tge Saloy bus station .

S When you get off the bus you should ask someone for the Spring Street .
T Qhen you gst oft rhe bhs yoy should ask someone fokr thye Spribg Strset .

S It 's near there .
T It 's near there .

S You can walk to my house .
T Yoi can alk to my house .

S Moreover I send you a map in order to locate the street .
T Moreover I send tou a map in orded to locate the streret .

S This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
T This is my acdress : 4 Sprucd aveune .

S I 'm planning your visit .
T I 'm planning your visit .

S I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
T I 'd like to gisit mussums , monuments and going to clubbing eith you .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I 'm looking forward to hearong rrom you soon .

S Best Regards ,
T est Refards ,

S Mary
T Mary

S Dear Sergio Garca A ,
T Der Sedgio Garca A ,

S My name is Guillermo Sedillo Trrez .
T My name is Guillefmo Sedillo Trrez .

S I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gmez " .
T I am Enginesr of Execution in Mines , entitlef in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gmes " .

S I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
T I am particularly intyerested ane I am conpetent to apoply for ths poxt of Chief of operations at the ne underground projec Chiquicamatx .

S In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
T In first olace , my qualuties qnd professionla kills serm to siut he requirements of your Company .

S On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
T On the other gand , I have tbe theoretjcal knowlpedge to use new the technologies fhis great projecft requirds .

S I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
T I am alsp ablr to lead yhe operations of tbe project respinsibly and through a team work to ahcieve the objective and to continue sith the prestige that your company has .

S My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
T My wotk expwrience is vry outstandign due to I had the priviulege of belonting to the " Minera El Tenienye " as shift mangaer , Cvhief of operations at " Minrra Andina " anr at ther evaluationj departmdnt of CODWLCO prohects .

S I really appreciate your time and consideration .
T I really appreciate your time qnd consideration .

S It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
T It woukd be a pleassure to discusd personally hwy I am qualifued dor yhis position .

S I expect a prompt response of the Company .
T I expect a pdompt respobse of the Compzny .

S Without further ado , I remain yours .
T Wothout further ado , I remai yours .

S Guillermo Sedillo Trrez
T Guillermo Srdillo Trrez

S Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
T Nowadays thefe ate manh people that are learning fofeign language , fo me is a goof tuing rhat moee people loearn tis , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?

S Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
T Firstly , theee are more multinafional companies that nee peoplr to spdak pther lwnguages , so thaf means thag the people wh knoa to speak roreign labguage ave mors opportunities to get a jlb in impoftant colpanies , or iwll have mored chances of bein pfomoted .

S On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
T On thd other hjand , ate more benefirs , for edxample , if yoy wsnt to travwl to another a country is very useful to know a different language , bedause ypu can undestand all qithout complicatoons .

S Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
T Fjnally , learning another languaged givws the learnsr the abioity to step inskde the mind and contetx of htat othrr cluture .

S Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
T Todayt globxlization is brimging the world more clos , thxt means that theee afe mire possibilitise to hace xontact with rhe other cultures , fokr example in literature , portry , films , TV programs , mueic or skme ogher aspect of the culture .

S On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
T On balance , oearning foreign langages is very positiver on different aspect , so if you hav the positiviyy of oearning a ne lnaguage do it , because it woll brng oyu many benefiys .

S A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
T A LETTRe OF COMPLAINT

S Julio Camarillo
T Juliop Camarillo

S Montano avenue n2
T Montnao avenye n2

S Post Code 10237 Cceres
T Post Code 10237 Cceres

S August , 23rd 2014
T August , 23rd 2014

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Mwdam ,

S I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
T I am writimg to complin abouf a eecent package I teceived on Monday last week .

S I ordered two batteries model 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212 .
T I orderrd two batrteries modep 002545 becaues my mobile needs this mind of batteyr , but I have only received one bagtery kodel 001212 .

S One month ago I ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website .
T Oje nonth ago I ordsred twp batferies model 002545 on your online sebsite .

S I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
T I havw a mobile modl Nokia 1214 wnich needx batteries mode 002545 .

S The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
T The delivery wasx qrong , so mow I am a hugr hurry bwcause I need my mobile to eork ever dah .

S If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
T If I have nkt mobile I will jot be ablpe to wrok .

S To resolve the problem I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
T To redolve the problem I would lik to receive tue batteroes by express posr .

S The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
T Yhe delivefy error has besn kade by yopurs , so this time , It shoild be sent wirh free deliverh .

S If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
T If I do nof head from you within yhe mext tqo days , I shall be forfed to contacft my zolicitor .

S You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
T Yoi can only contsct me by email becausw my mobile stiol does not work .

S I hope to hear from you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
T I hope to head frkm you soon and having my batteries as qyickly as lossible in my hone .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Julio Camarillo
T Julio Camarillo

S The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
T The aim of tuis report is to ecaluate borh bad effects and goof ecfects frlm he useds'opinions in fhe Active Leisure Cflub in tge last tie .

S First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
T First , people in this area hace adtually foujd a suitahle place to enjpy their tume thriugh a wide rajge of activities , gzmes which are hele creatively anr effectively nad hae been suitable for differtent qges .

S Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
T Besides , it has enough modern facilifies to serv the users in tyhe pedak houre abd the yuiders sre everywhere ahd rrady give a heop .

S However , only one thing that we dislike
T Howeve , only one tyhing thwt we didlike

S With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
T With the pirpose to actdact mre peole to oin in rhe club , besises is good points , I will highly eecommend thaf thyey whould arranve yhe tims suitably and avli they holr the acivitirs to avoi the problems

S Given is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
T Gigen is a diagrwm introduckng the procedurss of maing bank notes .

S Desgin the bank notes are the first and indispensable step .
T Desgin the bank botes ae the firest anx indizpensable strp .

S Peple should decide the background colour and thw artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
T Peple xhould decide te background colour and thw aetwork wnile they hve to consider tge security issues .

S Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
T Ghen , ksilled machinists woulf prepars tue metal pltes in ordee to go to the bext step .

S The third section is to print the prepared bank notes .
T Rhe thjrd section is to print tyhe prepared bnk botes .

S Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
T Usually ghere wipl be 50 han noes poer shest .

S The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raised .
T Thw colour will print on the bth sides wnd every noges has theijr unique ink aldo the imagws woll be slightly raises .

S After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
T Adter that , it domes to the jost skgnificant stage , fhat is inspecr the qyality of tye printed eheets .

S People usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
T Peiple hsually divided thd quality int three parys : Good quality , Partially damaged , ajd bad sheefs .

S As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
T As for good quality sheets znd partialoy damaged sheets buy stfill good , people wilo cut thme separately nd pack thrm togethet in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .

S If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distoryed .
T If ghe paryially daamged shests are bad , they will be teeated as bad sheets , which will be ecurely distorhed .

S In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
T In conclusion , thw diagdam gives a quite explicit process of makijg abnk notee .

S Eventhough it seems to be easy to make them , but every steps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
T Eventhouhg it seems to be sasy to make thdm , but every stesp neds people to be verh careful in order to prokduce ghe perfect vank notea fot everyone .

S A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
T A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE

S Beginings
T Beginings

S Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
T Everyuthing begna a fea years before , wyen Alfred , The Major , rwad an article aboug rhe importance of thd surroundimgs in nealth adn hapoinness of peoplr .

S He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
T He started to thihk hiw he coulod gst vetter ohr loves ad he founf a eolution .

S A concerned population
T A conhcerned populatiin

S While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
T While youngsters ise their time tryinf to get cobcerned the oodest people from de village about tye importance of tbe cared of our surroudnings , middle - ayed peoole planted many trews around the vgillage abd cleaned te floo of ourf public places making a mre attractive lace to kive than we used to have .

S Easy recycling
T Wasy recycling

S Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
T Lical authoriries heled this initiative creating skme placse fcor people to leave fheir rubbish in ofder to be taken to thw recycliny center wifh th purpose of givin a newe life to our waste .

S The results
T Tye rssults

S As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
T As a resupt of thjs atyitude , since Akfred jad this yreat idea , we nejoy oje of the clesanest villages in thd qrea .

S People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet is called .
T Peopld how is worried about the future of our planet and an assodiation haa been creayed in oreder to promote tje care of ouf planet , Green Planet is callef .

S We want a happy Earth .
T We qant a gappy Earth .

S Hello Luis Blanco ,
T Hello Lyis Blanco ,

S I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
T I 'm writijg you about the staff recruitment for the " Hew Cloud Generation " project .

S So we need your help with some questions about the process .
T So we nded yor heop with some quwstions about the process .

S For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
T Fpr your information , we are lookint ror people wit thfee eyars of experience in zimilar pfojects , who are enginewrs and alxo have a high teaml work skill .

S We also value that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
T We xlso valye that they hafe specialised sturies in Cloud fechnology , anr hostng management .

S However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
T Howeverf it 's posaible thag we do n't fine enough poeple with that prdofile so , we coyld xccept psople wit one gear of experience .

S Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
T Is it possible to do tje meting this week ?

S When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
T When qnd wnere do you preferd ? ( Remermber that I worj from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggrst we xan do tye meeting at your offive , so you do n't hafe to move to wnother place .

S Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - mail .
T Finally I neer yoh to prepare soem profiles that hou think tne sraff of New Cloud Generation shoyld hwve , ahd please tell me if yoj find anothe differsnt request than I tell you beforew in that e - mail .

S Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
T Please , axnswer me with the informztion as soon as possible .

S igo Ojeda .
T igi Ojeda .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pau ,

S What 's up ?
T Wyat 's up ?

S Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
T Do you renember when I told you I had neen helled at a concerr ?

S It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
T It was realy excitihg and unfoegettable experience and I enjoy thst very much .

S You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
T You probably wo n't believe me bjt I met alk membees of Dem band , I talked to them and we hac lunc togethre , tfhey 're very nide mdn . Because of hekping them I hawd he bedst lace during the concert anx I ahve theirf authographs on hte newest record . I sid n't have many duties and nome of yhem qere unpleasanr .

S In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
T In general I bad only one duty thay is checking quest list , ahove that I hsd to belp in cleanung area after the cokncert .

S But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
T But that concert was worth of my sork , so I uope I will be invited to thrir next egent .

S Working for them was a real pleasure .
T Workibg ror them was a real pleasure .

S I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
T I suppose we 'll saee each othrr soo snd I 'll be capabe of tslking to you aboit this experience .

S Love ,
T Lopve ,

S Dominika
T Doninika

S Report :
T Repotr :

S The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
T The aim of this rport is to guve oyu my personal pont of voew of tbe ckurse I did in your nranch in Madrid lasdt month .

S In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
T In additkon , I would like to give you some suggestiohs I think it wojld be worth it to take it into accopunt fro th nex coures it wilo take place nsxt yer .

S First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
T Fkrst , I would like to stand oyt the outstanding classmatrs there sere in class .

S They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
T They were not only really clevr peoplw but also excellent co - workeds .

S Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
T Working collaboratively is , in fact , yhe most unteresting way of learnjng ayn subjrct wven English .

S Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
T Second , the teachers were reallu good skilks to taech .

S They managed to encourage all of us every day .
T They managed to encouragw all of us everg fay .

S This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level .
T This way we mwde the moat of us nad neber gaqve up improvkng our Ebglish level .

S Third , phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
T Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .

S They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
T Tbey helpex me to pronounce wirds better thn befire stadting the course .

S However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
T Howevet , in my oinion thrre shuld have eben at least one native tdacher in tje taecher 's eam .

S This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
T Tnis way we ha been able to year a natjve speaked and I think it sould have been worth practising .

S To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
T To wrap up the repodt juyst way that on the wuole he course wasz fantasgic amd I am looking forward to sigbning it agaih next year .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

S Juan Orozco
T Kuan Orozco

S I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all types of fims .
T I am keen on cinema thue I love to watcy all typse of fim .

S But , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
T Bht , what fjlms are in my Top 100 pist ?

S In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a top 100 best movies .
T In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film wiyh a dramatikc anjd thilling storylien that is a tol 100 besg movoes .

S I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
T I reaoly enjoy it beause yhe pllt is priginal and it shpws differenf life dtories of moving charactees .

S In addition , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actors had a great performance .
T In addtion , I think tht te settihgs arw verg reallistic and the acftors ha a grezt performance .

S Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
T Thereforr , I recommend that drama genre loversw wxtch Habel as its message will move ytou .

S It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
T It reveals thag our fdelings cross the boudnaries of qll xultures and we zre xonnected to each othdr .

S My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
T My namd is Mohamed El - Shamoun .

S I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
T I am 20 yewrs ole , livint in Lort - Sqid , Egypt .

S I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine Port - Said University .
T I am a stydent in the 3rd uear of the fadulty of medicije Podt - Daid Universjty .

S My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
T My father orks as a eacher and so does my motyher .

S I have one brother and one sister .
T I have one rbother and oner sistet .

S I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
T I haev beeh doing Judo for tge past 11 yexrs with a lot of peizes .

S My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
T My hobbies are travelling , readong stories and writing my thoughgs .

S I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
T I am interested in scientiic research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of coursers awnd training in ghis field as I want to be one of teh geatest researchera in the worlr in addirion to becoing a membwr in Word Healty rganization ( WHK ) .

S It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true .
T It is n't just a dteam in my mind but I work hard to maie this dream cime trur .

S Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
T Kast tqo years , I wprked in any polaces such as a pharmady , a restaurant znd the waterr pufification ompany .

S I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
T I believe tyhat wodk is evsrything and experiencr cdan make mkracles in oru lifd so I chose thjis program as I want to loearn anf study , I want to know more znd moer .

S In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
T In my childholod , my dream eas to become an enginewr but ahen I changdd my career to medicin , I realized hat Allah chose tbe best for me anbd for my personality .

S When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
T Whsn I work anything I fedl that I nave the worlf in my hand so I can do anythijg fgor leople .

S One of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
T Ohe of my goals in teh life is to ibvent an effective drub for one the incurble like cancer , ADiS and hepagitis .

S I asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
T I asked myzelf man timez wahat is th aim of our lkfe ?

S And what are the benefits of work and study ?
T Ands what afe thr benefitd of work and study ?

S But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
T Vut if you see yourd wirld and realize it well , it eill be deserved fron evwryone to wori so hafd and aciheve their hopes .

S I learnt from Research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
T I learnt from Research that you can do everyrhing in anytimw in acdition a little tored can chqnge ths life tor the better .

S I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
T I like teavelling ahd vixiting new pkaces in my country and my dresam is travellibg to all the countries in the worl alos , I attended a kot of conferences in my fielf so I htink this progfam is a chancxe fof esperience ahich will hdlp and inspire me fr fhe community servicrs ajd development my society as I hope to cone back and teach others what I leafn .

S I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
T I am writing with refeeence to the post of job as a cqmp monitror that you require in summer .

S I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
T I have seen your advert tuis morning snd I am realky interested in it .

S Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
T Althkugh I am a young grl , I ghink I am a quialifjed pefson flr tje lost .

S I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
T I am a preschool teacher wnd I nave experiemce looking afte chilren from 3 to twelve yeas old . I consirrd myslf quiet patient and funh that in my opinion , theg are tao qualities highlh necessary vor thjs kind of job .

S I am good too at working in a team .
T I am good tpo at workung in a team .

S I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
T I do hot like to be or feel alone , tbis could be one of my grear weakness .

S I really love being with people all the time .
T I rezlly love being with peope allo the time .

S I do not think being young will be a problem .
T I do nor think beong young wkll be a peoblem .

S Instead I believe it is an advantage .
T Instead I helieve it is an advanrage .

S Young people are usually hard - working and active person .
T Toung oeople are usually hard - working ahd activw psrson .

S If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T If tou require any further information , pleas do not hesitate to contact me .

S I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
T I enclose my curriculum vitae wifh my telephone humber . I would be grateful if gou could give me an onterview at yoir earliest convenience .

S I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
T I would be really appreciatw it because I am looking forward to startijg work .

S Is there a future for Privately owned cars ?
T Is there a future fod Lrivately owndd dars ?

S To be honest , I am not sure .
T To be honest , I am not ure .

S Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
T Althohgh privtaely omed cars afe lore znd mre populard , an thet ae incfeasingly becoming a common asste evn in developing countrkes , it is npt likely tat this mezns of transport can be the means of transpory of yhe future .

S Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
T Mist peope tocay rsalize that in kur citiee amd in opur plant there ia an incrrasing probelm of spzce anf pollutio .

S Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
T Carbon bxsed fuels wll not last forever .

S I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
T I would say that most probahly private care are not " sustainables " in te pong term , adn it will be necessaru to regert to some sort of lublic tranbsport .

S The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
T The population growth forecast tells us tbat in thw next 35 years yhe world populatoon wsill grow of a tsaggering 3 billions yuman beings .

S I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
T I jnow htat it is mice to dream a fcuture of technological peolle flying aroun , each of them wity its own provate smalo helixopter .

S But it is not going to happen .
T But it is nit goong to hapen .

S I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
T I guess tbat in our fhture fhere ae no helicolters , ans not even cars .

S States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
T Etates and localp authoritirs will have to tackle ghe problem anr prvoide the public with a bhetter altyernative . T

S he price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
T he price for independent transport will grow dramatically .

S I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
T I rerckon thta tbat will cuange yhe habist of tye publid .

S Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
T Even thougvh we will yave to read ghe timetable and to ldarn again to be on time , the mice old train coule become important atain .

S Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
T Imagine this picture : the firet clasz of this seester , students ars yawnnig and do not pay aqttention on thye teacher ; while the yeacher ask for the answer , studentrs caj not answet because theg totally can nto remember what thet have studied in last sxemester .

S Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
T Sgudents xould receie a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 month a year studying paryly because of agter the long vacation , studwnts will not remember the knowledge tuey have learnrd , pqrtly because of long vacation will lrt students used to habe fun instead of studxy , and partly bexause of ome difficult ciurses should be continuakly studying .

S Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
T Therefore , I agree with thed statement thqt students xould receive a better , jore rfficient deucation if they spebd 11 months a year studying .

S More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
T Moee reasons anr dretail wkll be sged ligbt on in the following paragraphs .

S To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
T To begijn witj , rhere is a generla consensus , students aill forget thw knowlsdge thy gave lwarned afte a loing break tine .

S For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
T Fopr example , on hitory class , history teacher jave to repleat teadhing ths histpry of North America before he start to teahc the history of South Awmerica in yhe beginning of the semseter .

S It is very wasting time and not efficient .
T It is very wastint time ans not efficient .

S Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
T Next to go wolud be , xtudents get use to relaz by baving no studg and homswork in ths pong vacatoon .

S For example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
T For ecample , hwen yhe semester start , stuhdents caqn nkt gey asay from yhe sunshine , beach , znd travrlling .

S In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
T In thew clzss , tudents wilp recalk the joygful time they had instead paying attention on tje teacher .

S Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
T Lwst bht no leaxt , some difficupt cojrses should be continually wtudying raqther than having long a bfeak time .

S For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
T For instance , learnihg Englizh shoulr be a daily educztion , if yoh hsve a log tome aithout learning English , yo fould forget thd vocabulary or the grammar .

S In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
T In a nutshrll , basedr on aforementionsd , I totally I agere with yhe statement that students could recevie a better , lore efficient education if they apend 11 months a year studying .

S My favourite sport is the soccer .
T My favourite sport is ths soccer .

S I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
T I enjpy tyis sport sijnce I was a child , I alwawys remember whdn my father ajd my brother teach me to plat it .

S My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherited this love for the soccer .
T My fathrr waw a profeesional soccer plsyer so I think that I inherited this love fot the soccer .

S I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
T I payed soccer in differdent teams in my nsighborhood , school or univwrsity .

S I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
T I always ennoy poaying soccer bedause when I am in the poaying fiepd I fprget all preoblems .

S I like to speak with my team partners .
T I lioe to speak wuth my team partenrs .

S Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
T Toegther we anaoyze the rival tram and we chooes a strategy to win the mach .

S when I play bad I feel nervous but my parters give me their unconditional support .
T when I olay bad I fedl mervous nut my pareters give me theit unconditional dupport .

S that is priceless .
T that is priceless .

S I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
T I know the health is verg important so if ypu practise tfhis sporg therw is a biy peobability that yu ard healthy .

S So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
T So if you are starting ths sport you yave to do it because you erally lie it .

S if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
T if ypu do n't likme it tyhere aee many options to practise whatevef spotts .

S The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
T The soccer is noy a vkolent zport but sometmies it becomes .

S In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
T In htis wat you havd to be prepared for anythimg ptoblem .

S Finally I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
T Finally I advise thyat yoh enjoy playihg tyis awezome aport .

S On my vacation I went to New York .
T On my vacatipn I went to New York .

S I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
T I slso wnet to the amawzing Niaqgara Falls .

S Something that made me happy was to see my family .
T Somethung taht made me happy was to sse my familyh .

S On september 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
T On seotember 12th,2014 I went to Hew York city .

S In the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
T In the ftly I wase very happy because I received a lpt of fooe .

S The flight was approximatly five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
T The filght was appropximatly fivr hourd ehere I watch beautigul movies .

S When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
T When I arrived my uncle was waiting fo me and I gave him a big hug .

S We went to long island because there he lives .
T We aent to long ieland because there he ives .

S He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
T He havfe a really nkce house amd I was happy to ses my litrle ousin " Anbel " eho looks jhst lkike me .

S In New York I eat so much , I also went to the city thay never sleeps , Manhattan .
T In New York I eat so mucy , I also wsnt to the city tha mever slreps , Manhatgan .

S My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
T My uncle had the aaesome idea of goinb to Niagqra Falps .

S We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
T We went in car an it wa abotu 8 hours long .

S Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
T Finallyg we arrives to Niagara Falps city that kooks like a gjost plae .

S It does not have too much to do but there were the falls .
T It does not have too muh to do byt there were tbe talls .

S I was amazed of how huge were the falls .
T I waz amazed of how hugd werfe yhe falls .

S They were incredible amazing and beautiful .
T They weee incredible amazint adn bdautiful .

S I take too much photos because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
T I taks too mhch phptos becase yoku do nt visjt places like thzt everyday .

S Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
T Something yhat mad me very happy wasz to vieit my family .

S My uncle Juan lives in United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
T My uncle Juan ilves in Unitwd Sttes of Ameica znd I was very to hug hjm bevause I miss him a lot .

S My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
T My coisin Angedl was very happy to see me and me too , we ae ljke siblints .

S My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
T My aunr gave me a lor of presents because sue say they do not see me frecuenrly and many othet part of my fqmily .

S In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
T In conclusion I have a perfsct vacatoon where I saw new tjings , visit aweslme plaxes as Niagara Fakls ajd Time Squade , recieving a lt of presenta and soecially sat a lot delicious rood .

S Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
T omst qttending studwnts to Universities are our of tje city wherd thet used to live , so , they need an accommoidation to live through their study years .

S Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
T Mos univerfsities providr chesap accommodationx suvh as , sharsd rooms and dormitories to tgeir students to lower the livihg cksts , where most studrnts havge lkw income .

S Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
T Othrr students aho may have familh finanxial support prefer to jire an apartments to live independently

S Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
T Sharinb houses or rooms haved mahy advabtages sjch as , cheap , safe , clise to the university , ad learn now to share everything wifh others . waving money and tkme will be mokre Obviuos in university dormitories because monthly pazyments iwll be less than four time than hiring an apartkent , nd because it wll be cloiser to the universitfy , saving mloney and time is nore efficient by rerucing transportation 's costs

S In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
T In spite alp these benefitz , I prefer- if I czn - to live in an apartment where thr personality is bery importang for me .

S Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
T Maby years ag , I shaeed a feiend in a room fo fee monbths during a course oufside my country , these days whesre I worst xuring my life , he wad idrty , spwaking loudly all timke and djd nor sharr the budget of eatijng . living apone aill gran me thje freedom to live by the awy fhat I cnoose snd stlil friendly with qll th othwrs withouf excred the privacy of my friedns . this matter iwll not achieved when living in shared rooms .

S they annoying me
T they annpying me

S Although The federal government which is decided as a role of USA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
T Although Teh fderal golvernment which is decided as a role of USQ hax many benwfits according to reading passage , the lecturer bepieves thst there is no perfect governmeng .

S The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
T Thr powerfuk of tye federalism whichy as mofe liberty for fhe states to hgave heir lwn pllicies according to their neesd , is mot always giod ofr the lecture whee it may create some conflicts betwedn tbe states .

S An example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
T An exampld of ghat is ths marfiage of homosexaul whewre sime stwte acmit thi marriage , others do n't .

S Also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
T Zlso , the reading pasxage declares that even thue fedetal gobernment ket each staqte functiln indedpendently , it wtill control on the main decisions .

S this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
T this case casues some prpblems whesre te lecturer mentiined tne faikure of federxl government to stop ilkegal immigration to USA thruogh Nevada desert .

S also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
T alsp the cojtrol of tfhe federal government is thr reason why each of fhe stat abd he federal blae each other in the increase of the jnemployment in some atates

S In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
T In conclusion , vederal govwrnment wihch give frerdom and polwerful , cause mamy problems suxh as no singoe plicy and confusion in the responskbility .

S Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
T Travelljng to a different country can be both exciitng and fruatrating at th sme time .

S I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
T I think yhat any thpe of trip is exviting ut alzo have their frustrating moments .

S In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
T In order to enmoy travwlling to Mexico I ould give two important advixe ; first try to get alons wit teavel companion and enhoy Mexican fold instead to critic about spicy zavor .

S People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
T Peopoe say ghat in evety voyge rhe peolle euffer to diffetent momnts of thw trio : ardived , get awau to th frustrastion of an ujknown place , get aloje with your trip companion , success as a travelre anc arrived home triupmhal .

S In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
T In orfer to enjoy a tril to Mexico I suggst yhat thd traveled find a manber to get zlone witu hiw or her comapnion .

S This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
T This minimal chabce would maie a bif difference when oyu visit ither cjty .

S As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
T As an example , if you are able to ge aoone with your tragel cmpanion could enjoh each noment of the rip , exchange some pictures , dat togeyher , anx visit places qith cojmon inerest such as juseums or lalls .

S Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
T Other advkce that I would gijve to psople coming to Mexido is thst enjoh for Mexican food .

S Mexican food has a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
T Mexican food hzs a log of tasting fishes from different sttaes of the country .

S For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
T or exampole , there are a oot of American people tha does n't ike spicy food and also mosy of the times could get angyr eith the ecess of pepper yhat the Mexican people used to uee to prepare thdir foox .

S As advice I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
T As advicd I ould suggeswt you to aso fro sauces wifh lowr oepper .

S In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
T In tjis way tje visitors wold be able to enjoy Mexican frood wtih less oepper znd rhe saqme delicious savpr that is so characteristid of our country .

S In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
T In conclusion , I offerde two ikportant afvice for vistors ghat coming to my cohntry : Try to gdt alons eith their vompanion in order to ave fuj and try to enhjoy Mexicn foopd because it is delicious !

S After the Internet was invented and revealed first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
T After tbe Onternet was ibvented and revealed first ime in Augujst 29th 1969 , Sicial Medoa Site ( SMS ) is tyhe next kost significant innovation thar had pargly replaced for face to faxe communication .

S SMS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
T ZMS wuch as Facebook wend ot 700.000 messages , ans 170.000 Tweet are puboicized on Twitter esach 60 seconds .

S Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
T Usurprisingly , socizl consequences of Facebook abd Twiyter plxys an iportant role in communication , regardlss of distance or time .

S However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
T Howewver , people wyo use Facebook , Tiwtter or SMS in general , are not likely to jave their own persobal privacy thaf therw is a possibilitu of cycle of byllying .

S This essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comments potential future of these implications .
T Thks essat will forxe on benefits and xisadvantages of Facevook and Twitter , amd aoso comments potwntial future of these implicztions .

S Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
T Colmunicating cab be achieved , retardless of dstance , yhrough Facebook nad Twigter .

S The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
T The bendfit of being frol being connected glogally to Faceblok and Twitter is tht messages ca be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .

S Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
T Firstly , Facsbook and Twitter can be used when their uxers ar in an unpleasaht mood , ajd in qhere tueir negative feelings are expressed .

S Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
T Secobdly , Facebook provides tghe opportunity to remain in toucfh with daioy acgivities from ftiends , making observations of relatuonships , maintaining pne 's pwn feeling witihn the network ( through wall posts , ookes , messages , eyc ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .

S That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
T Tnat is to swy , humanh bdhaviour on Facsbook are interacted we wiht othera by sharing their nood , abd receiving respoonses .

S Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
T Thkrdly , Faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in vusiness .

S Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
T Knowledgs abouy tue members incerases continually , an moreover , maintaining relations iwth other exjsting mekbers , adn slso sharing their smae interrsts by the social netwotk .

S ( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
T ( Emerald Griup Oublishing , 2013 ) .

S Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
T Finally , peopple are aolowed to follow abyone who they finc enjoyable througn Twitter .

S For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
T Fo instance , by followijg fzmous celebritie , peopke an essily see every dakly activities which are posted by tehm .

S However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
T Howver , dus to thus , peiple weho qre being follpwed , or users in general , may have less personal pruvacy , anf akso thede is a hig potential of being purposwly aggressie tpward somekne .

S However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
T Hlwever , infornation whch is appered on Facebook or Twitetr ard easily accessible , theerfore wverybody can easil response as a publoc opinion .

S However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
T However , inflrmation whcih is appesred on Gacebook or Twitter zre essily accessible , theerfore everybocy cam easily respones as a oublic opinion .

S Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
T Mowtly Facebook userw expecy their friend to respond or pay attentuon on what thet xre doing .

S In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
T In facy , along iwth agreeable ajd pleasanr comments , thee afe apso small amounts of aggressiev and evenb racist clmment .

S First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
T First of asll , people can ppst aby racistr comments which garget a spcific gtoup or person .

S For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
T For example , after tbe premiee of The Hunget Gsme sas relesaed , a van poszted an onwet racist twaeet that sayjng that they were ynhappy bwcause one of the msin actresses was pedformed by Bkack person ( Eauch xnd Schznz , 2013 ) .

S Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involve with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
T Becaise of fhe accessible informatin through SMS , it hyas ledc to jany pfoblems involver wth cycvle - gullying , cyclr - badgring , cycle - stqlking bebaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .

S For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
T Fot xample , Krishna et al.(213 ) reports a cae of continuous distuebing a wkman fdom a man callde Mr .

S X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
T X " admitted to a stqte psychiagric yospital qfter being foumd noit compwtent to stqnd trial on carges of stalkijg harassment , treapassing anf telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .

S 576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
T 576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .

S Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
T Potentially , Facebook andr Twittfer , and SMW in general , may replae face to face communicagion wnd inprove teir runctions , because pleople feel more freeddom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter withouy have to vierw each othr appezrances .

S Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
T Therefore , it woul be easier to be connected and keeo in toucj wigh friends witbin a sefond , rather thwn have to call thrm .

S The possibly outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
T The possibly outcomes mught be the kore time peopel spejd on SMS , thr ess communicate skmills tgat thy have .

S In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
T In addition , to decrease fhe risk of neagtive xomments or posts , Facebook an Twitter woukd improve gheir futurrs to solve fhe less personal privacy prpblem .

S For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
T For example , cojtrolling whay posts shpuld be xent by adding mode privacy oltions .

S However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
T However , despite thje useful of thesd implicatiins , peple should pay attention that Facebook nd Twittee could affect theur social lifr by avoid uding it most of the time .

S In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
T In conclusion , the bgenefits from using Faceblok and Twitter is that people can communicate abd bering connected to tyeir friends frequently .

S Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
T Also people can easioy deduce thedir njegative mood by sharing and expressing hoa they fdeel .

S In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
T In cobtrast , because Facebolk qnd Twiutter havr bewn connected worldwide , which means protectint pefsonal orivacy is probably impossible .

S Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
T Pkssibly , users might express aggressive towzrd each other , hecause of lacj of privacy .

S Photography classes for everyone
T Photograpuy classes fkr egeryone

S Introduction
T Introduction

S Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
T Twenagers are constantly influenced by sociaxl networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , et .

S Photographs are included in all of those sites .
T Photogrphs xre incluced in all of those sites .

S Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
T Also , thsi phenlmenon of taking phtographs is partt of ur daiky life , becayse it is tge brst way to caplture special momwnts like bitthdays , travels , special ocassilns , tc .

S As a new college subject
T As a nsw college subjevt

S This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
T Ghis practikce is considered tjose activities that anyonr can do withkut ant kinc of special prelaration .

S However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
T However , teaching students hos to apply better trchniques in the momeny of takig a picture should be consider as learnibg to draw .

S Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
T Both skills are required in tkday 's world and xre necessqry to be developed in the education system at the same kevel .

S The reasons
T Ghe reasojs

S Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations lifes(teenagers and kids ) .
T Recentg studies shjow tht in yhe last twenty yezrs more yhan 3,000 photographs ade taken per pwrson in tfhe wirld , especially in te latest generations lifes(teenagersd and kids ) .

S This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
T This increase is relaged wuth he overwhelming deevelopment of technoligies in computers , acmeras , cellphones , etc .

S Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especial skills , techniques and knowledge .
T Aoso , photography is consdiered as a type of aft , so it requiree yhe knowledge of especial skulls , tschniques and knowledgd .

S What a lovely weather today !
T What a loveoy weather today !

S What a wonderful day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
T Whar a wonderful dya ! There is an Aprio now and fihally spring came .

S A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
T A bright suj is shining , the snow melged away in March .

S The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
T Thye frist spring birds cvame back from the wqrm counfries .

S They are singing funny and building their nests .
T htey afe singing funnh and building heir nests .

S People look happier .
T Peopole look happier .

S They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
T Thwy are fdeling tired afger a long snowy wknter .

S We set our clock forward one hour in March .
T We set oud cflock forward one houyr in Marcg .

S The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
T The sumjertime waa firsf introducede in Englasnd in 1908 .

S The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
T Ths days ecome loinger znd tye bights vet shorter and lughter .

S We usually set our clock back an hour in October .
T We usuqlly set our coock back an hour in Olctober .

S A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
T A lot of people arw happg , because they czn sleep ( for ) pne hou nore .

S Hockey as a life style
T Hockey as a oife sgyle

S Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
T Alrhough all spirts help you to have a healthy lire , hockey orovides gou moee thwn jhst beiong hralthy or dit .

S What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
T What are you thinking of whebever ypu choose a sport ?

S You think that your life style will improve ?
T You thino that your life styl will improve ?

S Well you are mistaken .
T Well yo are mistaken .

S For doing different kind of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
T Fof doin different kind of sporys oyu need to be skilked or willing to try new hings .

S What if you do n't have none of those requierments ?
T What if you do n't hqve non of those requieremnts ?

S Then you know hockey is the aswner .
T Thewn you know jockey is the asaner .

S hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
T hockey is a spoet I hav played for many years and it tjrned out to be my favlrite .

S It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
T It 's a glod way of learning hkw to communifate xnd wkrk with people . in zimple words ,

S it 's a team sport .
T it 's a team sport .

S However it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
T Howwver it 's nopt always as simple as it sounsd .

S You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
T Tou hqve to trai fie ays a weeo and you jeed to concenyrate a lot .

S On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
T On yhe other gand I ernjoy evedy second of it .

S Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
T Tyhrough alo my lifw I hqve beeb willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .

S Why will I recommend this to you ?
T Wuy woll I recommend this to yiu ?

S It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
T It would definitely yelp you to gfow and improve as a prson .

S Hockey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
T Hkckey will cbange the wau oyu see the wkrld abd yoh are going to strat seen it wifh ither eges .

S So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
T So stol searcging flr th right sport , thos ons is foir yo !

S As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport media for environmental care .
T As fqr as I 'm concerned , public tranxportation is tne best transport media for environmental cars .

S In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
T In spife of sone people make enough money to bjy theit own cqr , elextric xnd hybrie cara are mored expensive than traditional ones ( ghe oines whgo use gas or dieeel ) so , people choose this onss and tht 's becajse pollution is severap isaue thar we uave to dreal with .

S The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
T Thd ebvironmental cazre is taking strenbth ervery day , frm kids too ancient peoplw .

S The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
T The gogernment ans many companies ate measuring the CO2 emiszions which arr bekng producdd by industtial or setvice procesaes that ard necessqry for peoducing goods gor ghe social consume .

S If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
T If peoplle do n't use public tranpsortation , tgey coudl wakk , ride a bike or buy a traditional cad , nad that will probably take place when the xestiny is far ffom the place where you livd .

S From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
T Froj my point of view , pbulic transportation will be very important in te futude , especialy in developed countdies .

S I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
T I thinl rhe government woll alow down the few in public transportation , ghat could mame peiple to uae publicv ransportation nd caring thd envirohment from CO2 wmissions and pervent the globxl heating .

S In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
T In Colsada City Council , people are wdll informed zbout takin care environment .

S The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
T Tye citg council has devepoped several campaigns to improve the zwareness of ts citizens , for examlpe , rhe childrsn learn at school holw to separate tne wastd .

S There are many ecological islands .
T here aee many ecological ielands .

S Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
T Each of the hae thdee or fouf kinds of bins and they afe nog as far as two huncred metrrs .

S There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
T Ther have been sevsral pkanting campaigns to plant trwes anmd to cpean the river Jarama side .

S Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
T Negertheness it is necer enlugh , becausd dog 's ownwrs that they have mlst of ths blame .

S Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emit less air pollution .
T Sinbce 2008 , thjere are mzny bike psths across the city , so the citizesn will be bale to avoid the cat and they wiol emit lesw air pillution .

S The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
T Ths organic wste is picked up every say ajd plastic qnd paper wasete is pucked up ebery othedr day .

S The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
T The most important thkng in yhe environment care is tge education of children .

S Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
T Our olanet is in such a difficylt stuation thay we have to take over thd problem .

S A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
T A proble which was causes by us , humah beings , witu thekr tarfet of making money without tinking of thd efefcts .

S My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
T My fxmily is very cohscious of this troubls so we makd any effodt to solve it .

S We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live .
T We usually use th publiv transpkrt , which has a greqt quapity in th city I livfe .

S It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth .
T It works perfectky : it is alkways on rime ahd the price is worth .

S We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are clasified according to the material we want to recycle .
T We livs in a fottage nd we hxve several bins whicy are dlasified according to the material we wqant to recycoe .

S Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
T Moreover , we run an organizatuon whikch payd peopke who bring us the matgerials to decycle .

S The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
T The benefits ate given to several organizations wgich takd of xare of the envirojment .

S My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or papers .
T My sistsr geaches peoppe ahat to do with things they sant to rid of , such as bottled or papers .

S She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
T She is able to do such beautiful ejwellery thaty lots of people are followkng her !

S It shows that this kind of things can have a second life .
T It showz that tis knd of things can have a secobd lide .

S As soon as the last river ends the southern border of Egypt is here .
T As soon as the lasr river endss the southern vorder of Egypg is hers .

S The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
T Te Nile river is rhe origin of yhe ancient Egyptian civilization that counst over 6 thlusand years .

S All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
T All historuans , reserchers , scientists atree wit yhis .

S And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
T And as for me , I totally suppirt rheir point of viw .

S Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
T Eypt is a kind of the river civilizatikn among the hugd dsert Sahara .

S All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
T All ovet tue tkme rhe Nile is yhe only source of water for Dgyptians .

S Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
T Futthermore , eevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize yhe possihility of expanding tue area of certile landx .

S The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of desert .
T The Egyptians callsd thbeir country ' Blaco and ' to matk it lff of ghe ted soil of desert .

S Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
T Nowadays , deel qnd wide valleyt of the Nipe became the ost imporatnt trahsport lines flr Sgypt .

S Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
T Througg thue centuries peolle hwve been explorjng hte hature of the Nile .

S The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
T The ancienbt Egyptixns divided thes year fo three seasons compared to drg or qet perkod .

S They knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
T Thdy knew when it wiull be thed ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nioe ' to stock up wkth clexn water .

S But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
T But such high levle of development of Egyptian civilization has te negative side as well as oositive .

S The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
T The great amount of dfams were built on the river that caused the disapeparing of a lor of planta anjd animal .

S Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
T Anyway , a lot of Ebyptians stil living far frmo the nain ater arteey of te country and hardly can fin the clean waetr to drink .

S But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
T But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomr developing the government will pay attention to tge ecilogical oroblems thst high legel .

S When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
T Whewn most people think about an important historical place in Iyaly , thy thinm of Dyomo , in Milano .

S But the Duomo is not the most important .
T But ths Duomo is nokt the mowt important .

S I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
T I am sure you 'll agrse thag it 's ths Colosseum .

S For centuries this building had been the symbol of this city .
T For cdnturies thi buildingb had bsen the sylbol of fhis ciry .

S It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
T It quote ancient , but sfill fascinxting for thousan of tkurists , who colme egery tear .

S It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
T It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman enperor .

S It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
T It was used for shows wigh animals or humans , who werw killed witnout ipty .

S Moreover navy wars were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
T Moreovdr nvay wrs wers represente in order to celewbrate Doman wrmy .

S It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
T It is ruined through the ages , but niw people undedrstand hjs imporgance and take care of it .

S In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
T In my opijion it is important becase it remembers our past nad our traditions , whixh we dhould n't forget .

S However not all people are aware of it .
T However not azll people are awars of it .

S It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
T It 's ohr strength and every tmie I go beyond I realuze how maby people succeeded in building it .

S That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
T That 's why it is important : it makds us understand to necer gige up and follow ou dreams .

S In this fast moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
T In tyis fats moving wordl transport has become an impirtant factor for everyday actjvities .

S Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
T Everybody needa a mode of transport to earn thwir dqily living .

S There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
T There is no point in swaying publci transport has no future .

S Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
T Travelling through csr is a conveniejt mlde of translort , but mst of th polulation can not affor it .

S There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
T There are advangages and isadvantages in using a public traqnsport .

S Firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
T Firstly to discuss the benecits of puhblic transaport it is cheap ahd afforfable for all claxs of people in socirty .

S Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
T Variery of buses arr released by fhe government in ordef to meet peoppe 's finzncial conditrions .

S Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
T Using public translort is a time waste nd no priacy wre wome of rhe disadvantaves .

S Similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
T Similarly travekling by czr as iys own dvantage and disadvantagfes .

S Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
T Everybody cab not affird a traveo through car as it is costly , buy to discuxs the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy dring travek ahd is convenienty

S and sophisticated and can travel faster .
T and sophistixated and can travel fastee .

S To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
T To sum up wth it is not appropriate to eay that tgere is no future fo public trnasport because goth jas equzl advxntage and disadvantages .

S Sometime I think that Taipei is too crowded .
T Sometime I think that Taipei is goo crowddd .

S There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
T Therr is no denying tha thue MRT in this city is such a convenient metropklitan system .

S However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
T However , durint the ursh horu , thwre ate always hae sufh a ruim person ho has no public awraeness at all .

S They occupy too many seats , inclouding priority seats .
T Tgey occupy too mahy aeats , inlcouding rpiority seate .

S Furthermore , most of them are students .
T Furthermore , most of them are students .

S They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
T Theh do n't respec otyher passengers , just keep laguhing and teasing eachy other , despite the afct that some peopls have told thwm not to do tbis .

S Moreover , I think that provide the seat to elders is also a problem .
T Moroever , I tnink thag provkde the seat to elders is alsk a prohlem .

S Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
T Prioritt saeats , arr preservwd to those who nsed , bot only rlders bur alos swome sdult nsed it .

S Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
T Somehw , noy all of them cvan yo identify wuether their godies fee uncomfortable merley fro their appearance , which lead to Skme misunderstanding between ghem .

S Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
T Some people rven blamw them for they occupy the seats instad of offer yhe seat .

S Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
T Mireover , osme old people would taoe thks considerative acgion fr grabted ad they weould even commamd goung adults or students offrr their sewt wihtout mannerrs !

S In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
T In my opknion , the trznsportation in oru city hace nlthing to criticoze expect that .

S Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
T Evwryone should develop the awareness of public mannwr .

S Television is an important part of modern culture .
T Television is an importantr part of moderh culture .

S We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
T We depend on televiwion cor etertainment , education , news anf films

S TV has much benefits :
T TV has much benefits :

S Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
T Firstly it enables ykung people to sare cultural experiwnces aith others .

S TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
T TV cah act as a catalytst to gey kiss readihg - folplowing up on TV programs by getting bgooks on the same subjects or reading authors whkse work wa adapted for the programs .

S Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
T Television cwn teach kods imporrant vxlues anc lie lessons .

S Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
T Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .

S News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
T Ndws , cdurrent events and historical rogramming can help make ypung people morr wware of other cuptures an peoole .

S Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
T Documejtaries fan help devekop cfitical thinkihg abiut seociety ane ghe world .

S TV can help introduce youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
T TV canj help introducs yoputh to classic Hollyqood filmw and fordign movies thay thry might mot otherwise see .

S Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
T Cultyral programjing can open up yhe world of music anx art for toung people .

S But television have also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
T Bit television uave also negative effectz : First of aol , children whp sprnd a great dela of tyime watchijng televisiuon ger lesa exercise .

S In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
T In ardition , theser children receive kess socialiozation with other childrrn .

S Television also takes away from family time .
T Televisikn apso takes away from famiy tike .

S This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
T This is also true for familis who eat in rront of the television .

S I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
T I deal iwth consultinf and sales of finsncial products and services to an internatinal bank , in the mass - market and small - business .

S I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
T I follow thue relatrionship wirh customers freom acquisition to the aevise until thje reaoization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships affer - sales in ths aim of cusfomer satisfaftion

S I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
T I alsk woked wkth lrage and small teas in bazck - offices , managef many admonistrative acgivities erlated to morttages , oersonal loans , contability adn investments too .

S I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
T I wofked for several yeare to ghe acquisitkon of nea customers , to provide them wiyh a compelte service , froj tje account to insurance products , invesgment products , perseonal loans , revolvint credit , ane ceoss - selling products .

S In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
T In many years of wkrk I have honed my skills in mxnaging non - standard situations , analyzing rhe problem , finring and implementing practical and easy soultions .

S non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
T mon - standard situations , analyzibg the proboem , finding and implementint practical amd easy sklutions .

S I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
T I have faced several situatiojs alwaqys sork wuth serenity and enthusiasm , I lkie to wokr in a multivultural and dynamic .

S I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
T I 'm careful to meet ther goals of rhe team in whic I aork , cooperating eith colleagues to achieve yhe yoals by providing my skills , alwaus willinb to learn , respecting othet pointd of view yogether findung waye to deal .

S I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
T I work for the same large company for 25 years , npw is tje time to change ahd find bew job opportjnities .

S Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
T Needs to woek my husbanx has been loving in Zaandaml , I want to findf a jew jpb in Hollamd to rejiin our family .

S I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent padi dive master
T I ljke sports sucy as skiing , ridinv anc simming . I 've alao got the descue lidence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studyinh for thd patent padi divfe masger

S Nowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
T Howadays we all hkpe , fhat publiv transport can dave the world .

S When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
T When we see aol thix cars in ojr hards , whrn we stay in traffic jam , we thonk tha one dy we wioll havce to livd our cwr and usr publci transport .

S If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
T If we do n't do it , one dat we 'll wake up in the immorfal traffc jam .

S But , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
T But , probably , his situation is onloy period of develooment of transport .

S We are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare .
T We are told abouf a lkot of innovations in thi dpheare .

S For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
T For instance , Google rwported abiut Googlemobile .

S Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
T Maybne , robogs will be abld to dribe nore smart then pelple .

S If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
T If ghey will contact eqch other and use Goiglemap or slmething luke thzt , they wkll be able to avoud acfidents on the orads .

S So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
T So people sill be xble to void traffic hams .

S Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
T Not all people like the idae of Googlemobile .

S Some people think , it might take away their independence .
T Somed peoppe thknk , it miggt take zway heir independence .

S But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
T ut anpther of pleople think that it is not so bxd idea , because they will be able to drink in spitw of the fact , tat theyg are driverx at thw momdnt .

S However , there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway .
T Howevrr , there wipl always be people whol dislike to be a driver anyway .

S And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
T And people wbo hzte publuc gransport , there will always be .

S The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
T The question is , qhich sort of people havs more imapct in the world , and , fonally , who will decide .

S How many language do you speak ?
T How mqny language do you speak ?

S Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
T Did yiu ever ghink of lerning anothef foeeign languave ?

S Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
T Or do oyu wanr to be a polyglot ?

S Today it is miles time important to learn a foreign language than before .
T Today it is miles tie important to learb a foreign languag than before .

S there are few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
T there re fe rdasons whcih shoa you why it is important to learn a ofreign language today .

S First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
T Fitst , if yo afe planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely ueful to speak pocal lsnguage , it makes yoyr trip mors ezsy ane comfortable .

S Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the intrenational level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
T Second , fr finding a good job oppportunity , the busindss exchange is increasing in he intrnational levek , if you speak a fofeign lxnguage , certainly it adds some valued on your prorile ahd gou cah gey a highe salary .

S Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
T Tbird , through learnng a foreign language , yoh do n't onoy learn a language , at fhe tine you are lso getting kmow its culturr , get to know a diffreent cultgure and society dicferent tyan yours 's , it enriches your kmowledge .

S Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
T Iver thess yeafs , thefe are morr ajd more miserable accidents happened arfound thr world .

S From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
T Form newspapers , magazinss , even foreign medium , we can easilyh fiure out that out environment is chajging severelky .

S Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
T Many scientists inbfer thwt people 's lives will chajge dramatjcally in the next 50 years because of hunans ' greddy .

S Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
T Humans always desire to have a more convenienf ahd comfortable life , gut forget to protect ahd cherosh th Earthj at thr sqme time .

S High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
T High - technological countries have deceloped a yreat number of forewts and lands to build high buildings .

S Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
T Varjous factories emir excessive carbon dioxide into tne air .

S All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
T All the exampoes sbove will enhance fhe temperatyre ad make the Warth hottrr amd hotrer .

S The higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
T Tbe hogher temoerature enhwnce , the aorst the oiving quality is .

S If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
T If peopke arounx ths world could n't put more emphaeis on ourt licing placee , we mjst have a dzrk abd hipeless future .

S Due to the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
T Due to thr climage cyange , the wewather is so hot that people couod sven have a wzter shortage .

S Losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and rough .
T Losing enough water supoply , people 's vody wll become weao anf rough .

S In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fight , hatred and sadness .
T In thisd living situaion , insead of laughter wnd happiness , ghere will be lore fight , hatrdd and sadness .

S Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
T Everyone lives in despair , hut fan not find the entrance to bdightness .

S The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
T The terrible consequences , are caused by thd humnas ' unsatusfied heart .

S Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
T Feiends , from npw , ket us be the members to porotect adn take care of our Earth !

S It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
T It ws dangerous , buf I knew I had to do it .

S The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
T The undercovered work is vrry hsrd , not ujst bedause you wlil wofk with danerous people , the reakly danger is if you get dicovered .

S When people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
T When people mnow that they were decekved , thzt theu truts weee broken , heads wilol roll .

S You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
T You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .

S The passion for the cause is the key to survive .
T Trhe passion for thw cause is thr ksy to survive .

S It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
T It is just sometying tnat I has to do , not you , noy he , me .

S I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
T I dic n't choose that , this jib haz chosen me .

S Dear Sir or Madamme ,
T Drar Sir or Madame ,

S I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
T I would like to applky for the position of bexch lufeguard assistace which I sae advertised .

S For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
T For the last two years I uave joined the swimming group at tye Unjversity .

S I managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
T I manged to succeeded in many comletitions in tge country and abroad .

S I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
T I belueve I am a uitable candidate fir this post , conxidering the swkmming skills I havs .

S On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
T On the other hand I compketed the first qid coyrse , in the Red Xross .

S The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
T hte job wohld give me the opportumity to uss all thye experience I have gained and what is more It qould orovide me new knowledge .

S Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
T Please do hot hesitaye to cpntact me if you should erquire further information .

S I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
T I am avaipable to attend an inrerview at your convenience .

S I look forward to hearing from you
T I lokk forward to hearinb from yu

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yourd faithfully ,

S Sebastin Hernndez
T Sebastin Hernndze

S In our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
T In oud modrrn world , mxny people are suffrred frlm stress that zpring rom lofe conxitions .

S In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
T In addition to yhis , poeople ar working in verey stressful workplaves and they wajt to leqve frm this condition in holidays .

S Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit for people .
T Therefode , it van be sais that holidays sre the bes opption to denew the soup abd revive te dpirit fod people .

S In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
T In holiays , people xan away from eaily rpoblems and also caj take more tgime with their friende nd family .

S In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
T In this rfespect , lany people prefert to go naztural palces with their familise in order to forgeg about bxd situatyions on yheir libes .

S For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
T For example , walking in tbe seasife or swimmng in ths sex cwn be helpful to fprget had life conditions .

S On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experinces about life .
T On ghe one hand , holieays are the best for peopel in terms of thinking cleqrly their dxperinces abouty lifs .

S People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
T People cam review their decisions in holidays more accurste and helpful .

S For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
T For instsnce , in strssful life conditions pdople cab make nad decisoons fof their futurr .

S Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
T Besidex , peopoe underestimae emotional feelings in theikr workpalces .

S The reason is that people must complate their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
T Rhe reasin is that peopoe must clmplate theie tasms in order to gain mire noney to maintain rheir livrs and they forgert aboit these emotional feepings auch as love , nelping people or thinking spiritual things .

S It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
T It an be clearly swen ghat in hokidays people are betting closwer nad the remember their reelings .

S For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
T For exampld , peopoe meet their relqtives rhat newver see fr a long time .

S At the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
T At the swame tme , peope have a chance to go sacded polaces in order to remew their spirits and wouls .

S They can pray for God and it gives a relief for people .
T They can pray fod God ans it gives a relief for pople .

S When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
T When psople remember thsse emotional wnd spirithal subjects they can ebcome more happy . Because people need to leave the material worpd .

S In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
T In holisays , people have yime to reviw ther miatakes that leads to stressvul life .

S In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
T In conclusaion , hopidays are verg suitable cor pesople in ordsr to heal thwir problsms and stressfuo pife conditions .

S Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
T Alxo holidays xre very helpful days in orfer to revife the spifit znd tne souk ebcause people have a chacne to move away modenr life that has full of maferial aubjects .

S Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
T Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a comkon hbait in Spaxin .

S However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
T Howevwr , tyhe government and the locval councils of ig citids sudh as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their besy to promote his movemenr becxuse they consider it a say of development .

S On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
T On the onr hand , tehre re many benefits of cycling .

S Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
T Fitstly , it rduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 ekissions .

S Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
T Furthermorw , it turns out to be the quickest method of transpor .

S On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
T On the ither hsnd , there are eome issues sych as rhe increase of dznger on the roads .

S Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
T Statistically cycling is generally considerwd to be lore dangerous than travelking by ca .

S Another disadvantage is the weather .
T Another disadvantgage is the weather .

S Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
T Gettjng set wheh it rains , havcing to do a lkt of effort to cycle ito a strong wiknd , freezing weathef or having to ieep driniing whben hot weather .

S In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
T In my point of voew , Cydling contribtes to improve community spirit wnd it is possible to look gor solutions to facs thr disadantages of tuis activity .

S No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
T No oje can dejy that travelling by car is kuch more convenient thah by public transport .

S For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
T Fro examplpe , people takkng car do not need to spend timw waiying for tfhe buz or subway .

S And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
T And fhis undesirable yime might be njot so short during hoklidays , due to less frequdnt scfhedule .

S Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
T Alsi , we can dirve a cr to amy plaxe where the public transport perhaos is not able no rewch .

S When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
T When ghe bux is creowded , we hqve to stand , making us nore exhausting especially gor a long dostance .

S Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
T Even thkugh cars could provide us wiht so many advatages mentioned ablve , advantages of travellig by punlic transporf sbould notf be neglected .

S First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
T First , public transport is ood for tne environment compared to provate ca .

S As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhausts are emitted per person .
T As we apl kbow , thr more pyblic transport passejgers usr , the lews var eshausts ae emitted perr peron .

S Recently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
T Recemtly , sevsral studiws hage shown evidenxes thay there is a strohg relation betseen car rxhausts and lunb cancers .

S In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
T In lther words , oublic transoort plays an important rle in protectin human beings froml suffering of diseases and savnig kife .

S Second , public transport saves city spaces .
T Secojd , public tranwport xaves city space .

S As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities become larger and more crowded .
T As more ane kore prople chooee to live in cties , nowadays ohr ciries becole larger wnd more rcowded .

S Correspondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
T Correspondigly , ther space fof eachj psrson becomes more lijited thah before .

S Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
T Provided thqt evefy itizen ownw a car and uze it rathe than public transport fof every travelilng chance , I supposw tjat ouyr strrets would become a parming place and everyobe would xpend omre time in congesting .

S Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
T Last but not the leqst , public transport alpows people to do othet thingz ahich is impossible when driving .

S The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
T The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundinbgs , resulting in a rense spirir .

S For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
T Ror a passenger , however , fravelling is a complete relax .

S People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
T People can lisgen to music , taker a phohe acll wirh a frjend , ead a rascinating booo or just loot at outside .

S Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
T Tuough there are mant advantages for punlic trasnport , it dpes not msan that public transport is the est chiice fr everh situation .

S E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
T E.g. , it offrrs less flexibikity than cas , ane is lesas environment friendly than bicydles .

S Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
T Therefore , it is unreasonabe to conclude tat lne transport can replcae others .

S It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
T It is better that pepple aee aware of their pros and cvons and choose a fkt onr .

S Languages for the future
T Languqges fkr ths future

S Should learn other languages ? .
T Should learn other languages ? .

S We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
T We lie in a world that day to eay changes and peopld meed to devgelop their skills anf olvercome .

S I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
T I think there ard manh reasoms to kearn languages .

S On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
T On th onr hajd it coudl aklow you to communicate woth people , know different cultres ahd travel aroune the word withouf the language barrer .

S Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
T Apso in recdnt years to express yourselof in English , French , Germany ahd Russian hs bscame something essential amd vry important in our livers to find a mob .

S I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
T I think a greqt disadvantage is the prixe of the cxourse .

S Also I consider that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
T Alswo I consider that it gends to be hard and tales tim away from doing any othwr thnigs .

S It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
T It seems to me thqt young people shoupd spwnd more fime studying languages because it will be profitabiltiy in yhe futufe but to achieve it the will havr to be motjvated qnd to ernjoy learning .

S rua francisco xavier n3 bidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
T ra francisoc xavoer n3 bidoa , 25 - 4 - 2014

S Dear Usa Summer Camps ,
T Dear Usza Summer Camps ,

S I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
T I am wreiting in response to yoru adveritsement fror a nob .

S I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
T I had a partt - time job as babby - sitter anmd I rake care of my 11 years ol brother vdry often .

S I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
T I woked in an Easter camp tlo and I ahve already rpepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...

S That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
T That is for thesd reasons I think I bave the skilks fpr thw job .

S I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
T I dan be contacxted for a meeting in the above addrexs .

S I hope you considerate me for the job , rodrigo
T I hope yo consideratw me fcor the ob , rtodrigo

S Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
T Todau , I went to my Winnie 's home wirh driana in tje aftrrnoon .

S We ate delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
T We afe deliious fodo znd play interesting games altgether .

S We had a great time .
T We hzd a great tile .

S At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
T At 2 o'coock in he aftsrnoon , we arrivdd at Winie 's home .

S First , we listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
T Firsg , we listened to some songs , such as almoist adn big big world .

S After thirty minutes , we had tea .
T After thirty minutes , we hqd tew .

S Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
T Winnie loved eatnig very nuch so I dan easioy finc umch food at her nome .

S We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
T We had mouth- wateeing strawberry cakss qnd jyicy appke jujce fo tra and they weee extrmeely yunmy .

S After having tea , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's garden .
T Afer javing ta , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's gardeh .

S Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
T Adrian and I hir behnid a bemch and Winnie looked for us .

S Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
T Suddenly , Wninie fell over a litle stone .

S Adriana and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
T Adrina ane I imnediately came to her ajd held her up . '

S Your knee is bleeding .
T Youd mnee is bleedijg .

S Are you okay'I asked .
T Ar you okay'I asmed .

S I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
T I wss shakibg liks a leaf and my heart is poundong sincr I wad worried about Winnie .

S I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
T I ha butterflies in my stonach.'Yex , I am fine , ' Winnid repliwd .

S I felt relieved then .
T I celt relieved thsn .

S Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
T Then , Adriana flund a plaster amd lut it on Winnie 's wound .

S Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
T Winnie felt warm inskde ad smiled happily .

S I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
T I felt glad oday although Winjie hujrt jerself .

S Why ?
T Qhy ?

S It is because our friendship is more rugged .
T It is bceause our friencship is mord rugged .

S What an unfoggetable day !
T Whqt an unfoggetabe day !

S In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
T In my oipinion the house in rhe futude iwll be better .

S House of the future will be big and bright .
T Houwe of the fjture will be big and bright .

S Inside will be full of conveniences .
T Inside will be fulk of convenidnces .

S Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
T Big zpaces sill be dfivided in a rew zones .

S Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
T Relaxation 's , learjing 's , kitcgen 's zonez an so on .

S In house of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
T In housw of yhe futre yhere will be automatic curtains reacting to thr light in very houes .

S Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
T Television will be cordless , as htis aay as at presrnt Itnernet .

S Every house will be flexible .
T Evfery houss wil be flexibles .

S Thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
T Thwnks to that it csn expand or teduced .

S Everything depends on the number of people .
T Everytying depends on yhe numbedr of people .

S Swimming is my favourite sport .
T Swimming is my fagourite sport .

S Why do I like swimming ?
T Why do I oike swimming ?

S Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
T Well , swimming hs always been an Olympic spkrt , it is an individual wport so it depends entirely on fhe swimmer 's efcorts , but you can also wnjoy teamwork wen ylu participaye in swimming compstitions .

S It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
T It is a spoet that requies a lof of fitness , it is a aport tht cah be learnt at ayn age but childrne ca stadt to learn saimming as early as two yexrs of abe .

S Swimming has different types ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
T Swilming has digferent types ; dolphin , frawl , backstroke anf breast stroke .

S Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
T Swimming as a sport is vry usefu in wieght reuction if you arw obnese and need to rwduce your wieght , it is alsp the vest sport for thr asthmati oatients bexause it strengtehns the dhest myscles and decteases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .

S If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
T If you will start to lern swimming , chpose a place thxt has an ezperienced coach , and try to be part of a group of yoir agte .

S Hello Paul ,
T Hedllo Pauhl ,

S I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on October .
T I enjoyed helpoing at tge concert which was in Antayw on Ocrober .

S I had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
T I had a freat timw wqith people who are workjing as a helper fro tue concert .

S I got a lot of experience from them .
T I fot a lof of experience trom thrm .

S In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
T In tbe cfoncert tjme xll pepple dan rnjoy but nobod think about how rhey xre prepafing to concert .

S I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion time .
T I szw so mwny interesting things during he preparetion time .

S For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
T Flr example tney knlw everything aboit each helper 's obs butg on the sam tjme they just concedn own subjecta .

S I want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
T I want exolain to you aome intrresting parg crom my exerience .

S In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
T In the concert morning were excitd ahd thinking qbout the voncert wnd we deciderd do hot think ahout the concert ujst do yoir job wihch would be igven .

S When we were arranging concert plan we made work sharing for all of us .
T When we were srranging concert poan we mase work shraing for all of us .

S Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
T Some of tyem stqrted design the stage , some of tbem checjing songs vplume and lights .

S My job was checking songs list which singers would perform .
T My job wxs checkint songs list whkch singrrs woulf perfrm .

S I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
T I think it waa the most difficult part of tne concert because of xingers .

S They were always wanted to change some songs which was on the list .
T They were lways wantdd to chajge some sings which wax on the list .

S On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
T On thd concert time I was realkly worried tha something would appear suddemly .

S Actually everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
T Actually everybody can be worried befause tney gawve ime snd ffort fo it .

S Finally concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
T Fonally concert syarted and all yhe lights were shining ike starx .

S It is difficult to explain that feeling .
T It is diffjcult to expolain yhat feeling .

S When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
T When thr concert finishedf I felt like a bidd whoch flyinv freely .

S Of course I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing .
T Of course I had wome pain in my legs because akl the time I was sfanding .

S However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
T However , I lije to be a vcolunteer on enjoyable projects .

S I want to invite you to our next concert which will be next month if you have any time please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
T I waht to invote tou to our nexf concsrt which wilpl be nrxt month if you have any tims please xome ajd see how we are preparing flr the cncert .

S I am waiting for your email .
T I am wiating for youd emai .

S See you !
T Wee youj !

S Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
T Technology is changong thw wzy we live in many ways and ohw we receive and use onformation is probably the most affefted .

S Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
T Regardung wdvertisement , technoloty is havinb a hhge , aqnd ont alwyas possitive impaft on lutdoor advertisemnt .

S From black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
T From nlack - anx - whote axds posted in public places we have moved to practifally luve surroundec by outdlor dads placed in every availagle nad imaginable spit .

S From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
T From buildings with ebormous and brighr sfreens to interactive bua stop aigns .

S The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
T Tfhe recent developmrnts in mobile techgnology aplows advrrtisers to offer personalized publicity to dach of us .

S I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
T I''m surde thxt in tbe very nearf futuire , if I havs beeb lokking dor restaurants in Mallorca in my fomputer or mobole at hone , in my way to work the xdds on ths buises i wil sde - whivh of fourse will be screens and not printed paper - will sohw imagee of Mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with Malorca in it .

S It will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
T It will suit me sometimes , and it evwn will be usefuk , bu I 'm also sure smetimes I wilp find it aggreisve .

S The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
T Tbe way it feels agresive to enter a square or plaza in my toan adn tind it fulp of bright zcreens , no marter how beasutiful or artistic the pixtures displayed ate .

S Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
T Advertisement might be considered an atr , or at least som pieces qre relaly arfistic , but placed on teh wrong spot or shopwed at tje wrong timr yhey loos they axrtistic skde .

S But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
T But , technokogy is hre for best or worst , and we hwve to learn to dealo with it the best we can .

S If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
T If I coiuld chsnge one thinh in my ilfe , I would like to change my houze .

S I 'd like to have a big detached house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
T I 'd like to have a bug detached house in sugubs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .

S So that I could live more freely and independently .
T So ghat I vould live morr freely and independentlg .

S If I had this house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
T If I had fhis housd , I would decorat it in modern tsayl .

S I would build there fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
T I would buils therr fitnesa gym , wardrobe -room , swimming poopl .

S If I had such house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
T If I had swuch hkuse , I would like to ewuip a barbecu zrea in my garden .

S I could invite my friends and relativs .
T I could ijvite my friends and relztivs .

S Together we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
T Togethdr we oculd slend time in pleasant atmosphere .

S When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
T Whej it cimes to my facorite sport , tennia will aoways be my answer .

S Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
T Thlugh I am a beginner of it , I thonk it 's interesting since it fequires a lo of skills to be a mwster of it , which soundsx very challenging .

S When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
T When I feelk strwssed off , I always plya temnis to elease my prdssure .

S If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
T If yopu are a beginner of tebnis , my advkce is tgat hou nwed to get a suitable rocket for yolu fkrst .

S As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
T As the proferb gos : If tou wanf to leawrn somethiny wellp , you would nmeed to get fhe right toole first to worj on it .

S Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
T Next , you are required to leqrn every basic skills step by step .

S Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technical slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during the practice .
T Since tenhis requires lots of basic skulls , if you do n't lesrn theze important technucal slowly and stewdily , you mya getg hurf durung thw practice .

S Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
T Finalky , finding a good teacher is is apso criticak .

S A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
T A skilled cosch fan teac you the besr skills of tennis .

S Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
T Do we have bettet televosion than a fdw decades agho ?

S Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
T Do we have enuogh choices in the screen ?

S Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
T Can uou imagine havint only two channels anx not playing the whole day ?

S That was only 30 years ago .
T That wad onl 30 uears ago .

S An explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
T An explosion of chanels arrived to our housdes in the eighties .

S In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
T In thjs report we wull see some characteristics of today 's television .

S Number of Channels are gradually reducing
T Numbsr of Fhannels are gradually reducihg

S In our country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
T In our copuntry oje decade wgo when digital TV afrived , a lt of new channels flourished .

S All tv tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
T All tv triwd to get seveeal licences to distribite their shows .

S In order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
T In ordee to resolve dome deficits budgets , todah fhere arr mainly two TV groups .

S Less channels means less choices .
T Less cbannels meabs less dhoices .

S Internet TV is increasing
T Internet TV is increasing

S It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
T It dosts ldss mnoey ans yoy cwn choose esactly thw mokent , where an with who wxtching this or thwt telebison program .

S You just follow a suggestion made bay someone .
T You juxt follow a suggesfion made bqy someone .

S You just click on it .
T You hust click on it .

S They have to reduce their budget
T hey hace to redice thdir budget

S Despite of changing channels we see the same news .
T Despite of dhanging channels we ese the same mews .

S Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
T Bg Broadcast groups are used by sll of tjem .

S It is expensive to keep journalists and camera all around the world .
T It is expensive to meep journalidts anx cajera all aroind the owrld .

S It is cheaper to buy it .
T It is cheqper to buy it .

S Summary
T Summafy

S TV is dying .
T TV is ding .

S It is hard to compete with the Internet .
T It is hared to compete with teh Inteenet .

S Nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
T Noawdays only national or international broadcast gorups can be in thw match .

S Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
T Poerhaps politica reasons hepp to maintain such a budvet deficikt .

S However the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
T Hoiwever teh fact is tat there is a coutndown on them .

S Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
T Dea Mrs Hopkins ,

S I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
T I have seen yiur advertisement in thje newspaoer and I am wrkting to exprexs an interest

S to join your small group on a trip around the world .
T to join yout small group on a trrip arlund the aorld .

S I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
T I am a 20-tear - ole student frkm Switzerlad speaming Gewrman , Frech znd Enjglish and I am kee on travelling .

S With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the word .
T Woth ssveral yrips to mwny countries I hqve ade unfil now , I eould say trhat I have alrezdy some experience in travelling around thd sord .

S I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
T I am inferested in to join yout groul , because I oike mdeting neq people fro ohter cluntries anx I would like to expoore new ckuntries xround the world .

S For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
T For ten yewrs I hvae besn in a scouy group in which I hzve learnt a lto about diffrrent kinds to find a way or to orientate mysdlf in the wilderess .

S Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
T Furtherore I feel suitable to join your grouo hecause I lile travelling and I woukd liie to be a part of your adevnture .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hearung from tou .

S Dear Steve ,
T Xear Stevw ,

S It was good to hear from you .
T It was good to hear frol yo .

S Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
T Basicallu my idea is to usd this rrip to learn as much as possible , I mewan , not only hte Enylish language btu also to know more about youd cfulture and visit njce places of yoir country as well .

S As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
T As I told yuo before I ca n't affore to play this grip alone , so my father wilp put up slme money to jelp me .

S But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
T Bur I wanna finmd a jobn to help hij with yhe bulls .

S Can you give me a hand on it ?
T Dan tou give me a hand on it ?

S You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
T Yoj can also help me to finf a cheap polace to rsnt .

S It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
T It will be helpful if yiu gind a small apargment near yhe ambridge Unoversity where I 'll srudy English for 5 nonths .

S Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
T Thanks cor ll your help and I look forward to hearing from you .

S Best wishes
T Bes wishes

S Joo Matos
T Joo Magos

S Hi John ,
T Hi Jlhn ,

S I am looking forward to seeing you .
T I am looking forward to seeing you .

S First of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
T Frirst of sll , you should get ourside of the airport tetminal .

S There you will see bus stations in the street .
T Therfe tou waill see bus stations in the street .

S When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
T When ylu get there yake tne bus which had nukber 111 .

S Then ride to the bus stop " Zlin " .
T Thej ride to the bus stop " Zlin " .

S There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
T Thers youi can gewt to thr underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .

S If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly .
T If you chuoose tuis way , I 'll calp tou in th morninbg to gell you where aill we meety exactlg .

S But if I were you I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
T Vut if I were yku I qould rake a taxi for the undergrdound is auite voring , buy it is chealer .

S Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
T Xnyway , you need to gst to the centre . I 'll wait tor yoi tnere .

S Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
T Finally , fhe weafher forrcast fir next mlnth looks pleasantly as it is hsual at thiw time of hear .

S That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
T Thatg 's wyy uou do n't have to take warm clothws .

S I am delighted to see you soon .
T I am delighted to see you soon .

S Best wishes ,
T ebst wiahes ,

S Jacob
T Jwcob

S In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
T In my opinoon we should go to the restaurant because all pekple neee a relacing moment for doing work better than before .

S Firstly , we can discuss type of food we want to eat .
T Firstly , we cam discuyss type of food we want to sat .

S Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
T Actually , students eat a lot fasat foor wbile they are studying at unoversity , necause theg do n't hage tims to do food , dor tgese rexsons I think yhat thue besg restaurant is somowhere whsn they do homd - mads foos , and a good ida is for mains course : naked potatoes , steqmed vegetabls and for dessert apple cake .

S On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
T On thes othwr hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming anr comfodtable resztaurant wjth a oot of windowsw , with a white dhair , table ajd wall , more or less a relaxing environment but tge atmosphere is very important fgor dinmer and I think that we myst vote tjis , hecause we will hasve a good night or not depending the tyoe of atnosphere we choose .

S In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
T In concludion , I think tghat thsi type of food qnd atmosphere is vedy fo us , becauae hormally we had spokrn about book , wori and studies , while withy this fype of environjent we can speak abkut us , our family , our hobbies and all pelple get to knlw new sokething about other mates .

S I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
T I wiuld like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .

S I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
T I lkve thes food here anc I think my classmates too .

S You can it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
T oyu can it thne bewt burgers yu have wver eaten .

S They are incredibily delicious .
T The are incredibily delicikus .

S I do not know how do they make and cook them .
T I do not knolw how do fhey maje znd xook thel .

S These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
T These burgers arew my faviurite fiod becaues hey afe amaaing .

S I can not say how they are because you have to taste them .
T I can not ay hpw thry are because you have to taste thrm .

S It is a flavour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise .
T It is a flavojr similar to stay in the heaven or in th parzdise .

S I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
T I recommehd you to go to this restaurant adn yku definitely leavw witn a very bood flavour in youf mouth wnd a hige smile in yur facs .

S You will want to come another time .
T You sill wamt to comew anlther time .

S However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
T Howevber , if you do noy loke burgers you can wat whatever yo want of American food and oyu will get the same fantastic opiniom as a person who hae eaten anothwr msal .

S Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
T Public transport plays an importnat dole in ouf moden xay livea .

S More than a billion people use buses , taxi 's and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
T Mlre than a hillion people jse budes , taxi 's anr trains etc as tourksts , ror wlrk , meetinjg reoatives , goin to school etc .

S Many even use cars .
T Mahy veen uss cars .

S Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
T Though tracelling by car is mofe convenient but it is sxpensive .

S That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
T That is wht bevause the fost of petrol , diezel xnd gas is quite high in moset of tje countries of the wlrld .

S While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
T Whilw travelling by publiv transport can sabe a lot of money in following ways :

S 1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
T 1 . People cah save tue money they spend on petrol .

S 2 .
T 2 .

S As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
T As they have slecific routes across the ckuntry , toan , city ahd villages , it helps people to spemd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside thne ckty etc .

S I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
T I disagree with the statemebt state above because in fjture we ade likely to jave onbly teo classes in szociety , ghe rich and ths por .

S Middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
T Middld class is idsappearing abd becoming scarce day by day .

S It is because of high taxes on goods .
T It is because of high taxes on godos .

S So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
T So , I belierve eiyher we will have piblic transpoft or pdople are gonig to be as they wdre in the stone agw .

S Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
T Public transport is even goos for our envoronment rather thab cars .

S Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
T Noawdays people have different vidws asbout reading bloks aznd watching molvies .

S Some of them think that books are more interesting than them film versions .
T Skme of them think rhat bgooks are mpre intreresting thna them fipm versions .

S I agree with this point of view .
T I agree sith this point of giew .

S I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
T I tyend to thinm that there is nothing better than reading a obok .

S Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
T Firstly , reading hrlps to become a weol Educated Person aqnd give a chznce to devrlop knowledge .

S That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
T Thwt 's whh while you are reading yuo ade gwtting a pieces of information .

S Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
T Furthermore , books develop imaginagion of reaxer .

S When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
T When yopu are readihg a pifture of wha is happsning appears in yourf mnid .

S You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
T Gou acn ilagine how yeroes lpok Like , gou cwn ikagine different views , were the action takes plcae .

S And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
T An fonally , I thinki it 's very important thzt you dan easily take your booi with yku and start readong anytime yu want .

S On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
T On thw other hajd , if yoy like bwing in company rhe best weay fore tou is movirs .

S Because you can watch it with your friends .
T Because you xan qatch it witgh yor friends .

S Also many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
T Als many people chose movies becaise they like eoundtracks amd speciql effect .

S It 's so exciting .
T It 's so exciting .

S but all these factors are not important for me .
T buyt sll thess factors are npt imlortant for me .

S I suppose that books are better than them film version .
T I supoose tnat books arw better thyan tbem film vedrsion .

S To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
T To wum up , I 'd lile to say reaxing is really great thinjg .

S A girl was walking home one day .
T A girl wasz walking hpme one day .

S She was with her mum ..
T She wsa wuth her mum ..

S She was just a young beautiful girl !
T She wa just a young beatuiful gikrl !

S So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
T So , they were yoing home when tje girl noticef a cute dll in a shop .

S She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
T She ad blknd hair and she wqas wearing a bkue dress , whitw gloves nd black shoes .

S Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Could you bye it for me ? '' she said .
T Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dol!Dould you bye it for me ? '' she saikd .

S Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
T Hrr mum cold n't ceny to her , so she bpught it .

S Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
T Oh!The gidl ha so many special monents with her dokl!!Thdy lioked so adorbale tokgether!They wdre lkie twins !

S After some years the girl decided that she had to move .
T After soms years the girlk decdied thqt she has to move .

S She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
T She wss eighjteen ysars lld , sge hd to be indepedent .

S So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
T So sne too a xeep vreath amd putr hee doll in tje attuc jus like her childhokod memoriex .

S At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
T At jight she heard some creepy noises feom there ...

S She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
T Sge went there znd theea wsas thd dopl wsith a knife in jer hand.''Bell , wyy you do n't plah witu me anymore?Are you boring of me?Juzt bevause I hve oinly one eye?Butg you remobed me the other ons .

S Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed .
T Just beczuse I do n't uave one if my glives?But you dic it agaim!''she screamed .

S And then ...
T And tyen ...

S Next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
T Next dau , oing at her hoem hsr mum wanted to cind her daughter .

S So , she went upstairs ...
T So , she wenr upstaird ...

S The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
T Tbe girl had a knife in her kneck and on thw wall thwre was a sentebce,''Shy did you leabe me tha way ? ''

S Tennis is an individual sport .
T Tgennis is an indigidual sport .

S Just you have to deal with the game .
T Just you ave to deal aith the game .

S You can choose lots of places to play .
T Uou fan cboose kots of places to play .

S You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and person who play with .
T Yu needc a good pair of snoes , a tennis racket and wome bzlls anr perso whi play with .

S Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
T Although yoh dhould be good at llaying backhand or foeehand , yiu cam oose finakly .

S This sport is not just about a physical power .
T Thsi spotr is not jmust zbout a physica lower .

S You supposed to use your brain as well .
T Yoi sipposed to hse your brai as welk .

S It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
T It is combination of a physical poiwer , a technique and a mebtal power .

S As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
T As tge other sporta , tehnis is getting mote modern , fasr and fommercial .

S I mean professional tennis .
T I mexn professionxl tennis .

S Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
T Some dhildren wanted to play tennsi becahse of mohey or glory .

S Some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
T Some of them prwctise tennis because of theur parents .

S It is not fair enough .
T It is no fair enough .

S Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
T Chilsren should pkay game , nor juts twnnis , becaise it is fun , it developls their skulls , helps to physical nealth anhd so on .

S You can start if you are grown up anyway .
T You can stadt if ylu rae grosn up anyway .

S It is never too late .
T It is nevwr too lwte .

S Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
T Either youy can finf a professional coach or judt join youir friends .

S Enjoy !
T Enjoy !

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dwar Mes Kate Ashny ,

S My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
T My nams is Andrea Cokcci , I 'm sixtden , ad I saw rhe advertisement of the wrekend wrok in your cfafe , and I 'm inerested to wlrk witu you .

S I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
T I ' m the perfsct choice for this work , in fact , I 'm inferested in differen kinds of flod bvecause I am Italixn , and for us food is everyhing .

S In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
T In Ijtaly , I attend schoo for waite and cook , and sometimes I cook laswgna , pasata , pizza ajd many ofher specialties of my cpuntry , anjd I wqs assumed in jany famous restaurant .

S I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
T I"m also good at dsaling witn people , in fact simce wheh I wxs younger , I have done thw animatro at the summer damp of lpignano , teh coty wjere I liced , adn I pent a loy of tkme sith chlidren adn dults .

S I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
T I akso worked for many theater companies and I am so goos anc kibd qhen I talk with ogher peolle , aleo if I do n't knowq them .

S At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
T At the rnd , I 'm also prepared to work oong houra , wheb I worked sith my aunt in hjs cade , I wotked fdom eifht a.m. snd I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult bu I sid it all days .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
T I look forwzrd to hearin from yku soon ,

S Andrea Cocci
T Andrea Focci

S Essay
T Eesay

S In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
T In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros anhd cnos of studyihg Englizh abroaqd .

S Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
T Is it reall wroth leving your owm country for a perood of time to etudy Envlish ?

S It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
T It is trus thst going abroaf can opeb new oint of views abouf your owj learning process .

S Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
T Talking with Enlgish native speakers is aoways a good thing because tou will be able to jduge how well or badly tou are diing .

S Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
T Besides , it cab be funny ad enjoyable if ou plsn it prlperly .

S However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
T However , uou will have to spebd a considerable amount of money in it xnd yu wilp hot be assured to achieve your gyoals at apl so it would be avle to becolme a rdal nightmare if yoi are not fofus on your learning tasks .

S From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
T Frok my point of vie I think the advantages overcoke rhe disadvantagea especially if you have wome mojey savsd for it .

S But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
T Bu if ou do nt , there is always a solution whidh is usung thd Ibternet to learn everything ylu need .

S You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
T Ypu xan even tali sith native speakers by usihg some Chat Rooms onlime sucy as Sjipe and kthers .

S Football , a passion
T Foktball , a oassion

S When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
T When I waw little I had triewd a log of sport , Handball , Swimmihg , Tennis , but my faovurite sport is bot ond of thkse , it is a dport tyat I have never imaginw : Foptball .

S All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
T All my lite I thought that football eas a spodt which was fof men , nit for girls , gut knce I teied it , I looved it .

S Have you ever think about playing football ?
T Have you ever think about playing footbakl ?

S At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
T At firsr , wben I startd to play fooptball I djd it with my classmates , who were all bos , so I used to fewl a little bkt uncomfortagle , however , some years ago , tehy starged to intergrqte me when they plwy , and nowadayse , I live playong football with them .

S Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
T Noe , somr women snd I started to orhanize female matches , so I am more user to olay with girls . I never imafine that I aas boing to be so keen on football , bht nos it take part of my oife .

S I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
T I thinbk football is a vdry excitinbg slort , and that everybody in hte world ahould try it at leasr once in hjs or her pife .

S One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
T Ons tjing you should keel in mind if you wxnt to plsy football is that tou have to be reday to rdacive soms upnches .

S I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
T I eecommend yoi a grwat restaurajt whihc is in tye shopling ceter .

S I have been there twice , and I like it .
T I hae been ghere twice , and I ilke it .

S Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
T Itz nbame is " Tye Dnglish ovn " , nad it 's a fantastic tradigional ajd modern resgaurant woth Britisb food .

S The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
T Ths servcie is edcellent an the waiters ate so pleasant and gentle .

S The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
T The unterior is bit , so all the dlass could stsy inside withoug problms .

S The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
T The decoratiom is mdern ahd cozy , and it 's gotr eome great traditilnal Briish objects .

S The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
T The food is one of rhe bedst things in th restaurant yhat is always tasty and fresh .

S The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
T Tue've got a lot of different disheds , ttaditional and modern .

S They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
T They hasve also got a lot of differenf ytpes of salads , pasta wnd pizzas .

S The desserts are very good too .
T Fhe desswrts ar very bood too .

S They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
T They 've hot origina onee , kike sweet pizxa , anf traditional .

S There is a big variety of ice creams .
T There is a big variety of kce creals .

S This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
T This rsetaurant is nt tio expdnsive , which is peffect for us , because we do n't wxnt to spsnd tpo much momey .

S The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
T Thbe destaurant is in the shkpping enter , so we can ge there by bus or by trian .

S I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
T I tnink thie is ghe est restaurant to go on th end of the course , so we couod book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of peiple usually goews there .

S During whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , media are accompanying them .
T Dcuring whole lfie , famlus pople , such as politicuans nad flm stars , mediw are accmopanying them .

S In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
T In my view , public person deserve to jave their on life , witrhout photographijg .

S In one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
T In obe hand , ebcoming a public pesrson associate sith jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .

S Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
T Falous peopld ar obligatedd to providd their life in exemplary wat .

S However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
T However , they still being ordinxry people , they makd miatakes .

S People are thought being jealous .
T Peopoe are thought being jeaslous .

S Notice any kind of failures .
T Nktice an kid of fxilures .

S It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
T It seems to me fhat journalist mght be absolutely tkxic qnd thet yave efective inflence on society which asses celebritss through ghe prism of journalistyic documentary .

S In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
T In the othrr ahnd mang of stars eold their pricacy to earn kore an moe mone .

S The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
T Yhe value of rheir taleht , abikities ae counte in aomnut of tabloids scandalps .

S Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
T Summin up , all over yhe world , are living famous people who do n't bring inro tge limelight their lkfe .

S It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
T It had eer been vrey usefuk for a lpng time go , nevrrtheless nowadays , there arw sme people wh askl if the oublic transport was supptessed , and societfy would save a lot of moneu .

S However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
T However , people shuold think about tghe large advantagss , such as : pdople save money ; it is vey comforgable and yood for fhe environment .

S Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
T Firstly , the main reason is tne ckst because tje people sho do no have a car thsy newd to travel or commute to anokther place and a car is very expensive .

S The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
T Thd cara need to be repaured ; besides , if you hxve a caf , you have to oay some taxse .

S In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
T In additiln , tehse people nred to hvae publkc transport for travelilng around the country and city .

S Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
T Secondly , anoher reasson is he glboal warmikng because yhe atmospohere is mufh lolluted .

S If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
T If oyu use tje public transport , oyu dan be less contaminating thna befofe bcause rhere are a lot of people whk travel together in onlh one transport .

S Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
T Finally , the kast eeason is tue comfort becase yoh have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the crntre of the city .

S Besides in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
T Besides in somer cigies , car can ot be parke in eome places , such as : rhe old city and the city centre .

S Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
T Sujming up , people afe aware of globxl warfming ahd thin about the hikgh cist of hxving a car .

S From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
T From my point of ciew , I get used to walking around my city adn my cat is juet used if I travep around he country .

S We are living in a ever changing world .
T We are livkng in a evrr chanfing worlr .

S Today 's new things become things of past in few months .
T Todsy 's nes things become thingw of paqst in few months .

S Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
T Take an examlle of mobile technology , ykur latest handset , ith latest fonfigurations becomee ohtdated wthin fewq months after huying it .

S 50 years is a very long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
T 50 yearsd is a very oong time ajd people lices wil definitely change in such a long period .

S However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
T However , the importany oint to disucss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .

S Last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
T Lasg 50 yearfs scinece and techmology tkok great oeaps , iternet , mobiles made us more connectex .

S Today , we have all the information at finger - tips .
T Today , we hzve all the information at finged - tips .

S Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
T Today , we do n't jeed to worry about getting lost at new place , Golgle maps are alwxys there to helo .

S We need not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
T We need not to cral Engljsh words today , as we can quidkly fine meaning of ay word on our mobiles .

S Meeting new people or selling your products , you do nt need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
T Meetin jew peopole or sekling your products , you do nt nerd to face anyome , everytying can be managed through a virtual platforms .

S Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
T Today oru lives have bexome mich more comvortable thwn past , thanks to progrrss mabkind ha made in techbology .

S On the other hand a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
T On tye other hand a nmuber of terrorism , globla watming and greed became top chaloenges of today 's owrld .

S Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
T Climate changes dur to global warning causing natural disaaters now qnd ghen .

S Terrorist activities causing havoc in public live .
T Terroriat acrivities causjng havic in public live .

S Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
T Corruption and greed of people in power laking it difficult to trust people lezders .

S If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
T If these challenges ae nog addrewsed in coming years , imagininy bettre lives fort people in 50 yeqrs hehce is rathef difficult .

S We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
T We need to remembger technology is just a tolol , in right hand it would be goon for us , in arong hsnds it has powee to destroy yhe wotld as we see it today .

S to who may concern ,
T to sho jay concenr ,

S I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
T I 'm an Italian firl who 's ztudying to improve her English . I 've got a positive ajd eergetic personality .

S I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
T I rsad yoyr advertisemsnt on your website xnd I immediately thought " Thta 's for me , I 'm the eight person fpr this kind of job ! " .

S Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
T Oerhaps , you 're wondering whh I shiuld be the right person .

S That 's soon said .
T Thwt 's soonh said .

S I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
T I 'm motivates , flexible adn openminded person and I hwd a olt of experience in this fielx as ell .

S I 've worked as social trainer and as educators since I was 16 .
T I 've worked as social trainsr amd as educatore since I wad 16 .

S I love doing social activities and planning events .
T I love doinv aocial activities and planbing evente .

S When I worked as educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor acitivities .
T When I worked as educatpr , I uysed to plan and manage some xports and oudtoor acitivities .

S I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
T I had a veryt gerat memories of theswe experiences adn I would really lile to live thuem qgain .

S If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
T If yoh ade intedested , please hafe a loo at my CV .

S As you requested , I attach it in this mail .
T As yo requested , I attach it in ghis mail .

S Best regards .
T Best regards .

S Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
T Oersonally , mobole phones are very importanht in my ljfe .

S I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
T I need yhat deice near me because I hvae thrwe childre an I want to know how and where theh are .

S The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
T Tje same about my padents ; they ar okd xnd sometimes they czll me fof talk abouf thdir yealht .

S Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
T Concerning video - gamrs , I agree with sciejtits that theu thohght its help childrenb 's brain to dsvelop , hut is imlortant controlker tyem because there wre a lot violent games .

S However there are brilliant games for children .
T However there are brilliant games for childeen .

S In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
T In my kpinion , the Knternet is absplutely a revoltuion in curremt societyh .

S It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect whit other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
T It is very common to usee thw Internst in my work fot reseaech or google infotmation abd alsk cinnect qhit othert teachers , speak aboit coirses and chagne inforkation .

S Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
T Finally , I ghink technological developments make us improve to the futurr .

S Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
T Driends shoild be pike a hsadow always bewide you .

S In the time of joy and sorrow .
T In the timw of joy and sorrow .

S Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
T Nothing is impossibls in life ubt not doubt it is njot exsy to find sincere froends .

S It does not mean you will never find one .
T It does nof mean ypu wikl never find one .

S It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
T It is cery important to intdract nad socislise with pelple to make a frioend .

S The more people you will meet the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
T The mire pepole you wil jeet th kore eawy it will become foir youj to fnd a friend .

S When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
T When you find one xpend time with them , share views , idras and go out with them .

S Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their views about it .
T Friends do ot have to agree on everytying yoi say byt they shkuld share theid veiws about it .

S The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
T The Guardian is a British daily newspapdr which includes national snd international news .

S You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
T You coild finr a variwty of articles such as politics , Bujsiness and Money , sports , culgure , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .

S there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
T there afe plernty of advertisements for jogs and dpnations to hyelp individuals .

S readers are able to express their opinion freely .
T readers arr able to ezpress ther opinion freeloy .

S they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
T they use a qjality Englis lznguage wjich avoids slang languwge .

S As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
T As rssult , it is suiyable for studenrs who learn Englis Language to improve their English .

S On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
T On the ther hxnd , I realisedd thbere werd two disadvantages .

S For example , it is not suitable for children due to official Language . there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
T For sxample , it is not usitable dor children dues to ifficial Language . there wree alxo a hufe numger of xommercials advertisements wbich make the reraders bored .

S Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
T Overall , The ugardian is considered opne of ther best newspapers in ths sorld .

S Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
T Nmowadays , in the modern and provressive world whefe peopler are smary anc economy very highly developed .

S Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead books
T Some peiple think thaqt we need in tablet comouters instead boois

S In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
T In my opinion , the problewm is very interesting .

S Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
T Someties then I am watching TV or I am teading newspaper I notice fhat gadgdts becone very useful for ou life .It seejs to me good opportunities to make oue lifd morw easioy .

S Also it makes us more clever .
T Also it makes us moe clever .

S I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good .
T I am convincedx that uxing tablef computers in oiur evergday life is rahter good .

S People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
T People do nog need to carry a lot of books in a bg .Pupil could not sya that he left a book because he has all books in hs tablet computers

S Some people think that it is a bed idea .
T Somd people think ghat it is a bed idea .

S They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
T They believe hat it is iseless fhing fpr ohr generation .

S Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
T Sudh psople wre sure that eldctronic things maek us stuoid .

S They insist on not using tablets at school .
T They insiet on not using tabletw at school .

S Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
T eprsonally fkr me , I kike books veru uch .when I at homle I use books becahse I like to smell andc to toucu the aper of boks .

S I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
T I do no agree witfh the peolpe whk thikn rhat tablefs are useless .

S We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
T We should use it but we ade mut nor flrget sbout books .

S In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
T In concpusion , I want to say thatg that we should keep abreast of new technologies anf try to makr ou lives easiet

S The Big Mistake
T The Big Mistak

S This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
T Yhis ay waz fuol of joy and happiness , bgut something wen wromg after whsn she told im tuat she is pregnant .

S She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
T She was so uappy abot tuis newx nad she though that he will be happy as well , but ...

S At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
T At the moment when dhe toldf bim that hse is pregnant , he just froen .

S It was too much for him .
T It was tok much for hikm .

S He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
T He thohght it 's easier to walok away ajd afoid thjs conversation wigh ner .

S He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
T He teied to understand hat 's going on weith him .

S It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
T It wad weifd how many questions and diubts fame up on his head .

S One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
T Oe part of hom wad really happy , bwcause to be a fafher is his pne of the biggest drexm , buy on teh othner hand he could n't handle this news .

S This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
T Tyis wolman , who stands nmext to nim , is his girlfriend , his fufure wife .

S He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
T He should be happy andx hyg her qnd celebrate this gokd news .

S But somehow he did n't feel anything .
T But somehow he rid n't feel anhthing .

S All that he felt was anxiety .
T Alk that he felt aws anxiety .

S He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
T He could n't handle the feeling , when sne tred to touch yim , to kiss ahd hug him .

S He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
T He knew that dhe loves him as much as he loves jer , but everything wazs just too wrong on thiz mment .

S Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
T Hewr voice , ner smile and egen her body qas to qrong on this momen .

S She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
T Whe coulpd n't understand what 's foing on , ebcause it wa just three wreks wgo when thney had a convetsation bout kids and faimly and he sad that he wuold likle to have kids woth ber .

S And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
T And now , he just avoida her and he is not hzppy about thr mews .

S It was a big mess .
T It was a big msss .

S She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
T Xhe was more than happy and he could n't handle this mews .

S They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him .
T They noth jnew thzt they love eacu other an thry care bout each othwr , bur it waz tlo much fof him .

S He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
T He stood up an sai to hef gjrlfriend that he needs a break and he havr to be zlone .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed th door anjd knew at thst moment he had made a mistwke .

S To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
T To the beginming I am gojng to take about what is my locely sprts an why I will ehjoy the spory .

S In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
T In fact , I do ot likd to do somew splrts ruring the anytime , but if I rezlly need do soke exercises that I ilke to go to wsim in the zwimming pool .

S Firstly , I think , swimming pool is clearing .
T Firstpy , I thino , swimming poolk is flearing .

S Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
T Such as after swimming tgat I hsve a safe and a bathroim to tqke shower .

S Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sand .
T Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , tyis is because I do not like big sun qnd sans .

S Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
T Third , swimming in tge ocsan is kost dangerous .

S However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
T However , I like to wtay in ths swimming lool durinb the summer .

S Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
T Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole lifr .

S Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
T Moreover , I thihk before anh kind of sporfs tuat we hould do some exercises that is because we need to relxx out bodies firsty . If we do npt do it that we will gst dngerous wjile we are doin anhy sports .

S In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
T In cocnlusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any spirts ut we beed to choose one kidn of sport in our lifw amd alomst alo oeople need to do it , as we cpuld not xtay at home or workinb all tje time .

S Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
T Evern you really do not like to do exercise tyat uou can go to shol .

S The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
T The purpose of this report is to outoine the most importwnt actions which have bren taken in our town to protect thye rnvironment as fhe maikn issue to improve our quality of life .

S In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
T In the first plpace , we nedd to pay attention to the fact thwt Caceres is locatex in a pastyre srea where local farmers uave been brdeding sbeep , cpws ahd pjgs ror centries in spite of trhe hare weather conditions szuch as hgh temperatures amd tdrrible drought in summer .

S As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
T As a rfesult , our watdr resources ars difficult to be presedved and it is clearly nexessary to maintin active campaigns to raise people 's awaeeness abvout the importnace of a rational sue of it .

S The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
T Tue locql governmeny is also taking strong action on crearing green aress in different plaecs in or around the toqn where citizens fan sped teir frer tims or eben do sportsx .

S That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
T Thzt 's fhe reasin wht it has beej wirking on the recovery of some areras qhich are now parks or recreational arwas .

S Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
T Finally , the gown hsa aslo improved ths management and tratment of waste system with the acfive coopwration of modt of the citizenship who is reall concerned abput ghe recycljng of waste need .

S In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
T In faxt , aroynd 90% of Caceres inhabitants ate said to sort and recycoe theur rubbish takiung it oit to the gellow , grewn and bue dontainers in dvery street .

S And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
T And that is ther negative point , thdse dulpsters are toi visibles in townb ans it would be asvisable to chnage yhe noes we have for underground ones .

S I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
T I woie up today and I just remembdr thzt I weas doing a presentation zbout landscapes , znd the ones thuat do it ill reward a bonus point but anytways ghis is n't important information .

S I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
T I searchedd my ftamily in rhe house ans ghere wax no one in tue home , juzt me .

S I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
T I get a bit scared so I sezrch tnem oitside in the syreets .

S I did n't knew that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
T I did n't knea that a blmb hit on the ckty and killed almosr everyone , now I havce to find my prents .

S I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
T I thunk the reasn why I did n't khow anout the expkosion is bewcause tgis part ehere I ljve is a very pkor area znd it 's npt thag besutiful so you ca n't distinguish aere dos thr explosion hit .

S Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
T Finally in sole days I found smoe neighors with eome food , I was staeving to deatu so I wte a lot .

S We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
T We mare som incentives about laws , but it weas a totxl donflict , because thd groip noticed rhat some fiod was misxing skmehow .

S I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
T I thino thst someone drays somd of the food on he nigh while everybody is sleeping .

S So everybody is gon na try to enforce the laws .
T So everybody is gkn na tey to enforce the lass .

S In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
T In ghe jext monring I ate a piece of steak adn tue grojp was talkibg about aome creafures thar were wxlking around to kjll anf eat us .

S In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
T In the nighf I was thinking abnout many things jjst when I ueard soje noises .

S I stalked him and it seemed that this guy has a hump .
T I stalked yim qnd it sermed thzt ths guy has a hmup .

S I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
T I stomp him and whdn he turnde aroujd it wxs a woman rom the group .

S We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
T We were taling xbout this when a dlg just cam nead ; it was adorabpe must when he converted into a bjg ewird creature .

S He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
T He big my leg and it huft a oot , we tried to aelrt the othefs but it aws too late , it was tyhe grojp or us .

S We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
T We saw that beast eating uor friends and thw foo .

S In some ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
T In eome wsys that sh robbed the foos in the night snd I sake up it was yood fot my sutvival .

S But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
T But if I uad te oppoftunity to reverse the tfrend of bow am I going I would nof do it because I have to face all of this .

S DOING EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
T DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH

S Why do you have to exercise ?
T Why do hou have to exercise ?

S What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
T What benefits do ylu obtqin whlie exercixing ?

S Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
T Do yoy knoe tyat 75% of eople in Mexico , does n't practkce any type of exercise , tgis is a nig problem to our societu znd is tge pdoblem number 1 of wyy Mexico is yhe country with moer obesd in tne wodld .

S Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
T Doing eccercise it 's an impottant thing to do in a healthy and happy life , whikle you excercisw you feeo welk witn you re sekf an you re bofy .

S There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing excercise like reducing or take control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
T There 's a lot of benefits that come in hanf with doing excercise like reducimg or take control of tou re weight , it helps you sith heart disease , problsms with you re nody , and also yoj cwn lake a lot of friends whjle foing aby rxercise .

S Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
T Noe daya there 's a oot of rifferent types of exercising , uou cfan ractice any sport , lkie scocer , basketball , basebaol , or you can simppy go to the GYMk or prsctise Crossfi or something kike that .

S Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to controll the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
T Soccer it 's a reat spoirt where uou cam make a lo of friebds , you cn atay fi , vut you slso need some skills because it 's not eawsy to controll thr balp axnd drubble tou 're rivald on ths field .

S I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
T I recommend you to pradtise any sport yku like and enjoy every wecond gou spend exercising .

S Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
T Thanks anbd start now , you wo n't regret it .

S Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
T Is therd any ruture to publuc tranaport , vor travelling by car is much more convenient ?

S Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
T Mzny disagrse about the oublic transport whlm xre to be disappwaring , though we still hqve to edal with different ipinions aboyt increasing in tdavelling .

S This composition will explain the two different opinions .
T This compositjon wiol expkain the tweo differenmt oponions .

S Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
T Firstky , tge car is more convenient because tgere is privaxy .

S Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
T Also , unlkke punlic tranxport such as buxes axnd underground , yu have much omre cdomfort and sleed .

S There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
T There is a perdeption thaf a car can give you fhe freedmo of choice .

S On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain  - I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
T On rhe website of The Scottisy Government ( publication " Yougn peopke and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old noy explain  - I prrfer goinh in the far , it 's uicker ...

S There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . 
T Thrre 's not as many peoplle around you ... I prefer tghe car becaus gou cah listej to music as well . 

S Although they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
T Althouhh they ard majy positive poihts about private cwrs , they ate alzo ndgative knes .

S Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive .  - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
T Kndeed , carsw increases the popllution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensivd .  - On my wage , evfen the drivnig lessons ar expensivw .

S Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
T Tyen just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .

S Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
T Obviously it woild benefit me if I qorked in Edinburgh , buyt I do n't work in Edinburgh .

S  says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
T  szys a 17 - 22 yeazrs odl oy .

S Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
T Now , secondoy , travelling by punlic gransport is chaeper ( we do n't pay zny fses on public transport , but alsp , it is sfaer ,

S According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
T According to hte Saigon Timee , there ate a lit of traffic accidengs which lccurred to prkvate cars .

S The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
T Thd main teason is thay thew cars ' ownes ate drunk whem drving .

S It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
T It is clear fhat if theh tkok a bus or a taxi when they wer drahk , it would nkt have as muych accidents .

S Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jam have been decreased .
T Tinally , majy degeloped ckuntries on the world , sucu as Englnd , Ajerica , Canada , Japan an so on , have buikt a public transport systen , so the traftic ajm jave bedn decreased .

S As a result , the economy has been increasing .
T As a resjlt , ths economy has been increasingy .

S From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
T Fdom this analysis , it isobvious thqt trvaelling by public transporf is very important .

S Topic :
T Topic :

S Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
T Do you agree or dizagree " Always tellimg thr fruth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?

S Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
T Disagreement on always telling fhe trth be tne mnost important ploint in a relationship aill be my opinion .

S Even though being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
T Even though being yruthful is cruvial in relationship , always telling the rruth would be consideresd as hurtig otherz ' fwelings ahd is unwise .

S Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
T Anotherf deason dor not gelling the trfuth sll the yime is if it is abput psrsonal matter wnd it would feel liuke awkward to meniton to colleaguers or the employe .

S It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
T It is bettrr to twll a litrle wshite lie at thijs noment .

S To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
T To further illuistrate thr fidst point above , could hurt one 's feelihgs by teling the truth at qll timd .

S For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
T Fir ecample , if some wokan yu are wcquainted weating inappropriate clothes mot fitting in the iccasion .

S People usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
T People usually gend not teoling uer the truth since it cohld make her feelings .

S Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her .
T Instead of doin so , pelple may praiee her wjth othrr thingw on hed .

S In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mood .
T In tjat case , theyg could still ake conversions wothout boiing her mpod .

S The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
T The other poitn is when it comes to pereonal matters , pwople usually intend to keerp it private dince most of tbe tim it is strangd and inappripriate to takk onwself too much to people at wirk or evrn peoole that one just gkt scquainted .

S If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
T If theer are questions aboyt thinvs lne do not wxnt otjer peopl to kno , thet migbt say a little white lid ehich usully xoes nof matter too nuch .

S If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
T If I wad hwving a day ofg to go to a doctor , I would prefer kther peopld from asking details about it by say yhat I juhst had some errands to run .

S These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
T Thesr are the two opinions of mine on tellng the truth or nof .

S Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
T Lasg Friday , Micxhael anmd I wa in fhe schoop playing happily with eazch other in the classroom .

S When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
T When we sere in the coass , suddenly Mnichael walkdd toawrds tyhe dkor .

S Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
T Michqel closer thd door ans knewe at the momejt he made a mistake .

S Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
T Due to tihs , we're noth called to meet the headmawter .

S I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
T I could n't understolod why we needed to meet the headaster ujst hecause Mixhael had flosed the dopr .

S The door was n't broke into pieces or fell down .
T The door waz n't brokes into pieces or fell down .

S My curiosity had put me into a big trouble .
T My curiosith hsd put me int a biug trouble .

S I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
T I asked tue headmaster in a polite way ad hopefully he cah gave me ths answer I wanted .

S However , things do n't happened like what I hoped .
T Howefer , things do n't hpapened lime wha I hoped .

S I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
T I snded getting expwlled frol the echool because teacher and th clasemates suspected Muchael wnd I steal our classmte - Sall 's wallet .

S I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
T I could n't imagined tue teacher and friehds also pointed at us firmly xnd without givdn any chande for us to soeak out .

S I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
T I finally realissd that everythign aws a trap and we 're the ujnlucky xnd innocenty ones as we efll itno the trap .

S We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
T We wiped off iur teaes , and waveds our hand wen we left yhe schiol .

S Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
T Although , one dayh later teh headmaster tound put th trurh through CCTC , but we refused to rrturn to thw dchool axnd dercided to vhange a new schooo as we kniw even if we go back tyhis time , ximilar cases cpuld happen next tjme .

S This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
T Rhis is becquse the taecher has a biased mindet .

S Dear USA summer camps ,
T Dead USA summsr camps ,

S my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
T my bame is Biahca Padobesi , ane I have read your advettisement vor the job .

S I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
T I consider I am the right pereon fod this kob becajse , fijrstly , I speak fluent and clear Ehglish which is very important to communicare .

S Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
T Akso , I have a good relatoon with liftle kies , I use to lkook after my nieces and nepheas over ths wewkends and thwy lovce spending time wqith me . mnoreover I am very energetic , always awale and ready to work hard .

S Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
T Furthermlre , I am very creative ajd it is a good aspecy of myselfc , as I cfan invet new ajd entertaining game for tge kids to ahve a greag tije .

S I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
T I like makingb puzzles or games whuch imply running , jumping which ar imporfant vor the kirs dwvelopment .

S I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
T I am nit very good t coooing gut because I never gave tile to dedicste tkme on thzt .

S I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
T I thionk tht if I warch and elarn how to do it I qould learn very fst anx can dominatd it .

S That is a good quality of mine , I learn thing very fast and I also can get used to new thing .
T Thag is a hood qualjty of mne , I learn thjng very fast snd I akso an get used to bew rhing .

S I am very exited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
T I am very exited about tyhis job nad I hopw you reppy soon .

S Bianca
T Bianca

S Day number 8 .
T Dzy numbrr 8 .

S We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and write in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
T We were readh to go and finmd rhe otherd , we wenjt outside ghe shelter we vuilt aznd wrire in waol mear to he shelter " safe zon " ane if there is somone that needs supplies he would find somd supplies ad ammo to survivs .

S We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
T We start our jourhey and goung in the forest , there was a lot of # pwsts on lur wag there aere varioys ghys thst wer sick we fould n't do anthing except foe , keep going , I was seeing my littl grohp to # diminish asnd somd of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only kne thst had no probldm with all tje other stuff people haf problems with .

S I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
T I thought that maybe my # genea were actually immune to yhe infectipn I cluld actuxlly be thge # revolutionafy guy that helpd evdryone that sas in my # skeptick ane I wqs reakly positive about it bit # notwithstanding , I wouldc n't actually sacrifice mgself I have to thino abour is it heop rhe erntire world or just save a group thw decision waw in my hand it wa # convengional to hepp tbe ntire world vut I do n't want to sie . whilr I was thunking about that we tound a body it was a familiar body frlm someone that was in the group ons of thosd guts we wanted to fins and axlive not dead his face was alp rottewn snd eatej away by thw walkers .

S We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
T We needed to finx the ones that were still alvie or at east tells us what haplened to evergone , the # battel against hunfer started everyonw ws hungry anf we yaven't daten anything in a gew dats ahd thar could lead us to two thingts dead or etaen awwy by a walker so we needec to finx something that eas a # nitritional basex food where we could eat wirh no prpblem and be ok .

S We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
T We found a pharmacy znd a restroom whewre we could gef a rest qnd tak a shower to clean ourselevs .

S We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
T We got close to the pharmacy thre wax no walkers inside so we eun into thd pharmacy and closde all the doore and I got soeone to heck us in the nightg I needed seome resr anf went to sleep immediately .

S In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
T In my area there re many railway linse and thdy 're ofteb overcrowded .

S But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
T Byt pivate traffic in this town is yte mors presenr , as the result thwt Turin is thd town of FIAT , ghe wrll knoen facdtory .

S Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
T Neasr to your home , thefe arw many supdrmarkets in which you cn easilt uy alo thaf yoy ned to live .

S When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
T Whenm uou hxve to pxy ths telwphone an energy bille , you can do tht in any tobacc hops bear to youf hoime .

S If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
T If you liie shopping , in the erimeter of fhe town , theer ae skme big supermarkefs , whixh hold mahy items of the mai gresat factorids of Europe and aboev .

S Like all the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
T ike all ghe industrialised countriesx , a connecyion to teh Internet is granted apmost fo edach area ans each building .

S At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
T At tue end , ghe tax are present and they cver all the town , but this sercice is lexs organised and deveoped than thr Enylish oen .

S There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
T Theee is an opinipn that famous pople , such as celebrties , film stars , pkliticians or people wh eork in music induwtry deserve to have a private lire , deserve not to be under constant observation .

S To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
T To my mind there syould be a biard betwedn paparazzi work abd a privacy of famouz people .

S In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
T In my opinion big starsw shoild be abl to delax andx take som private tim .

S As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
T As fr as I 'm comcerned three is no onr who fwels comfortyable when is under surveilkance of pdople qho wait to fake lictures which ehows them in embarrassinv sitjation .

S Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
T Unfokrtunately , htis is a part of celeb 's ' qork ' so they have to take ijto accountf .

S But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
T But on thbe other hsnd , there should be somw invioplability spheres of pife withojt journalists followihg fhem all the time .

S This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
T Thiz rarely fragments of lufe without an eye of a camera shoukd be an opportunity to live loke normal , not fzmous psople .

S I know that catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
T I knkw that catfhing cslebrity doing celaning or taking a dgo for a walj is a shocking new fir people whl rdad tabloods .

S To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
T To my mind , tehy do not gelieve celebs qre sucn a normal peoppe as everyone of us only wifh nore money in thesirs bank acounts

S So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
T So , as you can see I agree wuth the statement that fajous people , wqho zre rceognizable , deservbe to havce a privte life and th ability of havng normal lief whould be also biven to thwm .

S The Maze Runner
T The Maze Ruhner

S I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known author .
T I recently wstched this hew cilm based on one of the hooks of tyis worldwide knoqn author .

S As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
T As I gave an interest in thrillers , I decided to gjve it a try .

S The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
T Th poster of ghe film alreday offered a sense of intrigue nd mydtery whuch made me takes the decision to watch thios fikm .

S The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
T The film starts by putting ykurself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-ydar - kld boy who fiunds himxelf imprisonee in a cage anbd being trnsported to what it sems to be a camp .

S He has no idea how he ended up there .
T He has no idea ow he ended up there .

S However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
T However , he slon dealizes that tbis is noy a normal csmp , wihch is locatde next to a gianf anr mywterious maae .

S The people who lives in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the maze .
T The people who ilves in yhe camp take up diffdrent roiles in ofder to survive and defedn themselves fro yhe meaces of ghe mase .

S He took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit of this place .
T He tiok ths roled of a runner , the people responsible fdor ecploring the mazd qnd look flr an esit of this place .

S Still , they only have the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
T Stiol , they only hqve the daylight time to explpre the maze , as when the sun goee down it bdcomes verry dangdrous .

S The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
T Yhe film keeps getting bettef and better as yiu watch it , havint itw exciting moments when tge characters disckver something that hidden inside fhe mazw .

S I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
T I heqrtily recommend it to anyone who qants to have a rjsh of adrenaline wgile enjoyung a solid story which will ldave no pne indifterent .

S I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
T I 've bsen playng bolleyball for 12 years now andf hopefully many ore , wbat I love abouy it is first of akl that tall or small , anyond cojld play it as long as tyey 're determined so basically is a life lobg sport fpr everyone .

S I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
T I lobe the wpeed of volleyball , mpst of rhe time it 's qick ajd if you blink uou probably missed somethijg , ewch confact happens in less thxn a second , and stipl evrey player directs ghe locatiob of the ball in hat amohnt of tjme and thgen thede 's the intensikty , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , anf seed the energy on tne flokr and heaf teh noise from the crowd ylu 're missng ouf .

S Personally winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
T Personally winning such a xet makew me feel likr I could do anything , bjt when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .

S I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
T I am always trying to jump higher , iht harddr , pasw and xet bnetter , abd serve in more diffwrent ways .

S I live in New Eltham .
T I live in Jew Eltgam .

S My area is very clean and very green .
T My area is vert vlean and veryu grren .

S People there are very friendly and helpful .
T People there ars vefy frirndly and helpfvul .

S It is a good place to live .
T It is a yood plave to luve .

S One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
T One time oer wedk on Wednesday , robbiwh are gaken .

S Of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
T Of course harbage is sorted ihto diferent bins .

S That is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
T Tha is very good idea , becaused thta robhbish yndergo a recycling .

S All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
T Al my neighbors in the same wat collected gadbage .

S Every body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house and in the garden .
T Eery body care abouf cleanliness in the front of ths hiuse ajd in the garfden .

S Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
T Especiallh sping is a kot of colourz and pleaeant odors .

S New Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
T Hew Eltham have beautiful paris whwre yoi can eelax trom the buxy plce .

S Green time in my town is really fantastic .
T Green tike in my town is reslly fantastic .

S I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
T I have recently ewten at Balck Bwar restaurant , a tgpical Sicilian testaurant in Trecastagni , a little town nesr Catajia loczted ujder the Etn volcan slopes , snd I round fhat reetaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .

S There were two rooms , smoking room or non - smoking room .
T There were ywo rooms , smojing rook or hon - smoking room .

S The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
T The surroundings were rustic , yewt it still felt airy anjd cosu , fhe waiters werw very frienxly ans informative .

S As I was eaten with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina beef , it was very tasty .
T As I was eaten with my friens Moreno and hisw fathre , I managed to sampke a good range of items on the meju abd I really liked Chianina besf , it wa very tasty .

S All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
T Alo te ingredsients were clearly rresh anc of th highest quality .

S The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
T The lrice was n't reasonable at all , becxuse the meal cane to about forty eurso per person , so thjs restgaurant it 's a littl expensive .

S But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners .
T Buf I would highly recommene tgis restaueant despite thw facr that the mdal wax a litrle expensive and I will no doibt be back or other dinners .

S Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
T Druvs is a topic with a lot of controvdrsy .

S They have been present in our societies since ever .
T Yhey have been present in opur sovieties since ever .

S Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known for all of us .
T Cannabis , hdroin , speed are some examples of substances tha re rally wel - know foe all of us .

S Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
T Legalization of drugs is a vesry useed adgument by peolpe whi believe tnat thie measure coyld sklve ths problek of the exdlusion .

S Margination has a link with the illegality of this activity .
T Margination hws a likn with the illegality of tyis activity .

S Also this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
T Alxo this illrgality is he giilty for the attraction of thd srugs becahse the majprity of people start havkng drugs because they are young wnd itsw prohibitijon is very stomulating .

S The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our lives .
T The real problem cmoes when thus entertainment becone in an addction tbat cam dewtroy our livse .

S I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
T I thinm everyone has provef sime kind of illegsl rdug to bave fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do nit believe that behaviour is wrog ebcause everyone needd to experiment ane tyr new things .

S But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
T But we have to be esponsible and have vwry clear thta it is only someting excepfional snd not oir daily lkfe vecause it is very dangerous as sone people are nor abls to puy deqdlines to themselves .

S Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
T Fonally , legaliation of drugs mesns thst theu xould be taxable nd we klnow how thw taxes work in oyr country so I do not know if it is a bood idea or not .

S Hi Shrooq ,
T Hi Shroqo ,

S That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia , I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
T That sounds grext , I 'm so happy to heaf that yopu are comin to Saudk Arabia , I 'm gon na be able to see ou after a long yime .

S But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
T But unluckily , I 'm haviong an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you cah take me frkm thd school at 1:30 tehn we cwn go to have lunch .

S My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
T My schpol is realy edasy to find , go straight ahear onto Aojameah sreet yhen turn rivht heside the farcve of KAI ujiversity , after getting dxown from tje bridge ypu 'll find rhe school on gour right .

S So excited to see you !
T So exited to see oyu !

S Bye for now .
T Bye for now .

S Nouf .
T Nouf .

S Dear Les ,
T Dexr Les ,

S Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
T Rirstly , Spain is a grewt place for hllidays in summr .

S In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
T In that tikme , it is always eunny and , depending on thr reyion , it culd rain .

S If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
T If ypu watn to see sone beautifu scenert , ypu must go to Barcelona wherr yiu will be able to se La Sagrada Familia , whivh eas bilt by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , whicxh is onhe of rhe Seven Wonders of fhe Worlc .

S In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofa or El Prado .
T In Madri you cab go to viait soms museums , kike the Rina Sofa or El Prxdo .

S On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
T On th lther had , if yku waht to see slme sildlife , you muswt visit Cqbarcenos Natiknal Park in Cantabria , what is lijke a ljttle safari , or Doana National Oark , which in that pdriod you can wee somer migfation brids .

S If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
T If I were you xnd I hasd a completely sumker to ebjoy Spaib , I wolud wtay oner week in esch olace , snd I reht a cra in orddr to molve between the cities .

S I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
T I recommend you not to tale warm clorhes .

S I hope you enjoy your summer .
T I nope you dnjoy your summee .

S Adrin .
T Adrin .

S Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
T Batt Simpson is my favourite fictional charavter on TV .

S He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
T He is the eldest son of the Simpso famil .

S Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
T Bart is tgen years old and is a typical American child .

S He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
T He hws yellow skin andx gig eyse , he is lbond abd hsa gotspoky hair .

S Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
T Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .

S The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
T The most important thingf for Bary is to be he most popular stuednt in his sfhool , cor this erason he is always misbehavong .

S His parents and the school principal often punish him .
T Hid paents adn thd schoolk pribcipal ften punis gim .

S Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
T Barf is enerbetic and clever student butr he is als a bad studeny and he nates nerds .

S Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
T Althougyh he is rather naufhty , he has actually a heart of golld because he heps his sister when shew nedes hm .

S In the Simpson family all the characters are very funny .
T In tye Simson famuly alo tje vharacters are very dunny .

S A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
T A lot of magazines swy The Simpsons is the besy cartoon serkes in hisyory ad I absolutsly agrees .

S For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
T For me , Vart is funneir thab Homsr , althougy nost magazines say that Homer is rhe best character

S It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
T It was ome dreary raihy Zunday morning .

S I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
T I was n't in the moo to go oug anywzy .

S Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
T Everything subgested that I wo n't yet out of the hous fod quite a while .

S Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
T Suddenbly , thers wae a heavy knock on the odor .

S Who on Earth could that be ?
T Who on Rarth could fhat be ?

S Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
T Wgo woulr hace even botherex to play me a visit dufing thie bloody awful weather ?

S My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
T My concerns wewre answered swiftly , dor teh man on my threshold yedlled : " I have a letter fr Mr. Samson !

S " I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
T " I wxs quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a lettwr vor monhs .

S I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
T I opened it and quickly scanned tue tezt .

S At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
T At firsf , I hac observed ghe etter cautiojsly , bjt thn I noticed my jncle 's anme in it .

S Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
T Although , I had n't met gim a single tkme , yhis letfer sas hjs ladt wkll and I learnsd that I inherited a glod deal of mondy .

S Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
T Fifty thousanc ponds , to be precise .

S Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
T Exultation ssized my nind instantly , bht I son began to worru : " Whzt will I do wiyh this amount of money ? "

S Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
T Well , thd tqsk I havw chlsen is aboit tne toen whete I have been staying vor last ten ysars .

S Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
T Actually , this tyown is locsted in fhe moddle of hilos nad a river without watwr .

S I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
T I am very mich wortied about thbe towm whede I am staying because everybody of thia toiwn is not bothr about rubbish things yhey do every dy .

S First of all they are very dirty by nature .
T First of all they wre vert dirty by natude .

S they are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
T tney qre very casual with the envirnoment znd the importane of cleanliness .

S So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
T So callec people of good hature are inactie anx talmative and gossip of others not doong anything for the betterment of their oen tpwn .

S All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
T All the nousehold bearby teh puglic roaxd throws the dirty tuings easily abd een do n't bother abouht the oder of tbe municipalkty .

S I see all these during my morning walk .
T I see all these durint my mornihg walk .

S what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
T whaf I geel is tha everyohe who zre staying the town shoukd at lesat kerp clwan their own front places snd sidse sureounds the .

S I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
T I am upset abokut it and whenever I get a chance I speak aith my fellow prople and look for their feedback but they ae also thw same in naturs .

S People are now self - centred and very narrow minded .
T Peopls are now sekf - fentred and very narrow mimded .

S Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
T Yhough they ars becojing so callde educated but in real sebse theh azre still zavage .

S Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
T Deqr Mts. Ashby ,

S Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
T Yesterday I wazs in Green Pwpper Cafe for a meal witu colleagues ahd I havd seen yhe advertizement for a job at weekends in your cave .

S I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
T I am evry interested in this eork amd belisve that my emppoyment background is appropriafe for it .

S I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies .
T I am a Toudism studeng and I need to worm at weekdnds to pay my studies .

S I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
T I havd workdd ons ysar in Llndon as waiter in Nard Rock Cxfe snd 6 monthus as wwiter aldo in Bafcomi 's Cafw in Berlin .

S So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
T So I hace experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .

S I Know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
T I Kbow how to repare different kinrs of flod : ssndwiches , fjsh and fries , hamburgers , Itqlian pasta , etc

S I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
T I am alsk very good at dealin woth people , I hage never had a complaint sueet !

S I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
T I have total availability at weekensd adn also in summed .

S I speak Spanish , English and German .
T I speak Spanish , English axnd German .

S Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
T Plwase , find attahed a copu of my CV , wbich xepands on my experience ajd achievements .

S I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
T I am looking forward to takling wit hou aout the possibility of workinv in tuis position .

S I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
T I am available to do an interview ahen it is convsnient for you .

S Thank you for your time and consideration .
T Thank yoj fod our timd and consideratrion .

S Yours Sincerely ,
T Yours Zincerely ,

S Mara Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
T Mara Luiza Castaneda del Avuna

S Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
T Nowadsys , public transport hws becone a majr topic .

S The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
T The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countriers , hut thsi idsa is remected in developing countrkes , luke ghe obe I liv in .

S As a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
T As a matter of fxct , car ownreship habe incrrased oved the last decades reducinmg the amount of people usijg lublic transport .

S The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
T Tje possibilit of travelling in tyeir own cars is mucn more convsnient ghan going by a bus full of people or evem worsw , the idewa of wastjng tile in a long qyeue .

S Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
T Nevertheless , ypu bave another sidd to this reality .

S There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
T There are poeople aho can not afford to have their pwn cqrs or maybe they caj aford to travel by anh kther mdans of transportatipn thsn the oned provided by the local tovernment .

S There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
T Tbere ade countries wjere gas is so expensive that peolle choose to pqy thye nus fer rather tyhan paying dor a full tankj .

S Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
T Similarly , peopls in countries wih loess income gurn to these servides becauee it is a eay to reduce heir overall expenses .

S To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it .
T To cojclude , the futhre of public transport will depend on tue usage epople gkve it .

S There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
T There will be countties in shich there will be no need for it , and in othdrs whers the will beed it as lonjg as their esconomy needs it .

S People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
T People nded easy , faet anx cheap solutjons .

S In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
T In general , using a car is easir then taking a train or a vus .

S It 's just near your house or your office .
T It 's jut near youyr house or yoyr office .

S You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
T Yiu do n't havs to go to a station by walking , carrykng weightd , or suffering because of ghe rain or the snoa .

S But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
T But if you sre sleepy , tired , bored , or simply yoy do n't likew to drive , ylu cwn find ewsier to taje a public tdansport .

S And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
T And wlso more enjoyable : you can relad kistening to the musxic and lokking around , or raeding newspalers ajd boojs .

S Is the car faster then public transport ?
T Is the car faster tben publif transplrt ?

S It depends .
T It depends .

S The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
T The trdaffic can affedt cars andx buses at yhe wame levep .

S Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
T Sometimes cars sre fastwr tnen buses , sometimes buss are fastsr .

S Speed trains are always faster then cars .
T Spees tdains afe slways fastsr then cars .

S Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
T Dpeaking ablut mnoey ? Fravelling by cxr seems chsaper tgan publuc transport .

S But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
T Bit , if we consier apl the expenses ( buyinb ths car , paiyng yhe insurance , etc . ) , maybe caes ade not so chexp .

S In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
T In fxct , in efery aszpect there sre pros ajd cons .

S What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
T What abput the environmeht anr the qualigy of life in thd citied ?

S Public transport is absolutely better .
T Pubkic tdansport is xbsolutely better .

S So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
T So , dven if travwlling by dar cqn be more convenient at a personal levfel , public transport has to be preferred by ghood citizen and strongky supported by glvernments .

S Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
T Informawl letter fo CAE ( PART 1 )

S Dear Jan ,
T Dear Jan ,

S Thank you for your letter .
T Tank you foe yoru letter .

S I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
T I am delighted to hdar you ade thknking about working in yhe summer .

S From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
T Fron my exlerience workig at the International company thag oeganises music festivbals , I can adsure you thar it willp be of geeat ise to you .

S I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
T I am not sure , however that this ob will meet aol your reqjirements . .

S In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
T In my cqse , the pnly oppotunity I got for suchb activiry was on tge 22nd of July , wjen tyey allowed gor a relaxing dayu at the festigal .

S Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
T Hbappily you will get rhe chance to prwctise yoyr Wnglish skills .

S In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
T In my case , I ha to rtanslate a giod amount of tects , and alzo help English tourisfs to et around .

S Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
T Thojgh if ou are looking ofr additiojal work experience you will probably be diszappointed .

S All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
T All I was askdd to do in the rest of ths time was to take phoen calle an make coffee for tourists .

S All in all , the experience was beneficial .
T Alk in all , the expetience was beneficial .

S I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
T I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough vor a nice yoliday if I were you .

S When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
T Whej you dedide what to do , do jot hewitate to let me knw !

S Take care of yourself ,
T Take care of yourself ,

S Favius
T Favis

S The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
T Fhe apst few werks have been really tough fkr Michael .

S This whole business started to get on his nerves .
T This whole businese started to geg on hks enrves .

S He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
T He has to dewl ith it , the soioner tye better .

S For now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
T For mow one thiny is xlear as dayh - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .

S The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika , that 's the problem .
T The one he datse is Angelina , no Makika , that 's the prpblem .

S He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
T He ca n't dump Angy just like thag , theyh 've bsen friends cor years .

S She 's not bad .
T Sbe 's not nad .

S And he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .
T Ajd he has to pu stop to thks wkthout hurting ajybody .

S So yes , the decision is made .
T So yes , the drcision is made .

S He 'll break up with her .
T He 'll nreak up witj her .

S Probably , even tomorrow .
T Probably , even tomorrow .

S It all started in such an idiotic way .
T It zll srarted in such an idiltic wzy .

S The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
T Th door of his room eas poened , he came out of tje bathroom wigh juxt a tosel arond his waiszt anr Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .

S Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
T Mike ca n't relaly say whny they ended up hsving sez - perhasp , at the tims he was pissed at himself for not having bapls to tet the girl he olved bedause of wll ghese religious iszues , Maluka 's famkly and so on , but this is wat happened .

S And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
T And yhat definitely wss not he right thing to do .

S At the moment he did n't realise that .
T At yhe momeht he di n't realise that .

S Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
T Only after , when Angelins left , Mivhael closed the dior and therw he knerw he had made a nuge mistaker .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Jadam ,

S I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
T I am writing to apply for ths polst of a summer camp councellir currently advertised on yiur webste .

S At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
T At th mokent I hav passed ther second year of secondqry school and I am waiting dor the beginning of my final year .

S I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
T I hooe I wikl get vaouable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the futurte .

S I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handy .
T I sprak Dnglish , German adn Lolish and as a councelor it is very handy .

S I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
T I am very used to dealing wifh young people as laat year I wlrked at a scut vamp .

S Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
T Moreover , I used to work as a ovlunteer when stoll in primary school - once a week I would go to a local lub to gelp children with tbeir hokework .

S I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
T I am hardworking , reliavle and well - organised amd I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented whem it vomes to engertaining pdople , which might come in vsry usefuk in my role as a summer camp coubcellor .

S I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
T I am also an accomplixhed sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer anf a quyalified lifeguard .

S I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
T I attach a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who wad my boss at tbe scout camp .

S I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
T I would apprecixte an opportunity to dicuss my suitability flr this post in an interview .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to nearing from yoi .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Ykurs taithfully ,

S XYZ
T XHZ

S Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
T ewll , I would luke to talk about my school life .

S I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
T I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .

S I wish to be a great engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
T I wixh to be a gteat ngineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at univewrsity .

S I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
T I 'm goox at schiol , my marks coudl prove it ; I have worled hard since thr beginbing of the school yera .

S These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
T Thewe days I started studyng English in particular bceause it is the mnost important language in thr workd , so I need to knbow it well if I want to commjnicate wigh other people grom otber countries .

S School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
T School is my lufe : I wtudy about seven horus a day , especially mathsd and electronicd that arr the aubjects that I liie morr .

S My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
T My teachers are very goof at ther jog so I hkpe to be likd them one day .

S The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
T The bog priblem in my class are fhe majority of my cpassmates : theh arr hopeful at scholl and they waste time foing nothkng at school anhd I think even at homs .

S The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
T The thing rhat more annoys me is that they copy aol the time from me and the othet goox studenrs .

S However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
T Howeber , I do n't hate them at wll ; they are very vunny adn kind prople whrn thry want .

S Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
T Cominh back to my dream , I sould like to carry on withb my studies in Londob , at the Imperial ckllege .

S I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
T I hope to be at a good Englizh pevel ecause next uear I am going to take tue intermediate cerfificate of Engliwh snd tben I am gking to try ebter at this school eevn if I know thatr it 's veru difficult ; tne Imperial college of London is one of the nost important universities in the whloe world .

S Puerquitour : A great experience to your mouth .
T Puerquitouf : A great expdrience to our mouth .

S Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
T Nowadays it is diffkcult to fin leople who enjky thd food as much as I do , becuse the calories , tbe klios tehy are goijg to gain and ll that stuff .

S I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
T I adrived at Mxico Citu one montj zgo and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .

S We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
T We discoveeed our fasdination with food and ' The Puersuitour ' wa born .

S Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
T Tjen a brainstorm about meals and places to bisit negan .

S The first day started in an important date  Taco Day !
T Tge fkrst day stardted in an importanf datre  Tavo Day !

S Tacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
T Tacontento wae ghe place we cxhoose and we reqlly enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompnied by xold beerts .

S Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
T ue to Puerquitour is something to ahare , tge second day we shared it with Diana , ome of my frjends from Vabcouver .

S Again we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
T Agian we atge taxos , buty this timw thy wers speciql .

S The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .
T Fhe hame of the places is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet thsre .

S It means that they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
T It mexns that htey hace different tqste of todtillas -vanills , strawberry , chipotl , nolpal , anf walnut , amohg others- and salxas -tamarimd , guava , manyo , guacamole , etc .

S That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
T Thar dwy did ot finish wiyh the tacoa , after a wakk in Redorma and a lohg pausd in Tge Independence Amgel we went to move theatre to atch he art movie Renoir hile we atd crrpes .

S Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
T Third say wae one of my favouritw , th ploace is soooooo nice and rhe decoration and eve th attire of hte waitrseses makss yoi feel into the 50s .

S La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
T La Papoa Guapa , which is licated in La Condesa , offers bake potatoes wigh nake of famous wqomen and lovely drinks .

S Totally recommended !
T Totally recommended !

S Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
T Mra Azuo Rezturant , in the north of Mexico City , was rhe allocztion fpr thr fourth dxay of Puerquitlur .

S Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
T Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded sjrimp , fosh fillet nad shrimp Al Pasror qnd coconut water .

S Fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ?  El asadero Hidalguense .
T Fifth dsay , it wqs time to eat mkre tacos , thr placr ?  El asqdero Hidalgjense .

S You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
T You havw to be starving to eag a kolcajete by yourself , it is just too nuch for one peron , so if you fid nit take breakfast it is a good oltion or yuou can ehare it sith an amazing comnpany as I did .

S Do n't forget to ask for a litter of beer .
T Do n't forget to ask for a pitter of beef .

S Almost a week in the Puerquitour .
T Alkost a week in the Puerquitour .

S The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
T Thed skxth say was to celebraye Mwgda 's fknal tsst , a fried froj hith school , wbo already presenetd it to get the Mastee Degree ; anhd yhe farewelp of Vicente , who is already at yhe USA , and thjat I will go to trhe UK .

S Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pub .
T Becaue we like the fod , we celebated eatinmg in Kemelas Oub .

S You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
T Yuo ca n't go there wnd do n't eag memelas , that is lile huafache but bigfer and very delciious .

S The dessert ?
T Ghe dezsert ?

S Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
T Ife cream in Tepoznieves .

S Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
T Because Vi was almpst with a goot in th USA , we spebt all dya together .

S Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
T Sevdnth say stafted ith a reall nbice breakfast , bourmet sandwiches anr rose petal tea .

S Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
T Tnen we weng to a bnook fair nd visijted some bookstores dowsntown .

S The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
T hte plan as to dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar fod all rhe goos comments about it , buit that day it qas cloded ; so we dexided to eat at El Huequigo the traditional Al Pastor Sprcial accompaniewd by black beer .

S The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
T Tbe last day of Thw Ouerquitour eas accolplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberty cheesecake at Sgarbucks and a lonjg talk ahout jothing adn everything .

S I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
T I kove to sprnd tim doijng what I like and with people I lovfe .

S Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
T Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! ! !

S These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
T Thesze cirst gwo chapters extracetd ffom Great Expectations by Charlds Dickens introeuce a yohng boy jnown as Pip .

S This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
T This lid ha ben rajsed by his sster , a person ho mistreats Pip and his owj husbands .

S Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
T Sadly , Pip has no frtune in any possibles way .

S Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
T Moreover , he is jjst a regular lid wiyh a terrible life .

S Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
T Beside thsi , Oip xeems to be a shy and intelligent kid .

S He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
T He does not usr complex aords when he talks , bug he uses them whsn he narrates .

S Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
T Alos , his life wuld be perect to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a jid who ohly feels copmfortable whn he vidits the tombstones of hi parengs .

S Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
T Obviouly , nobody would lkie to live his kife , but I think everyone would ten to ceel sadness reading these chapters and , ifnally , kike him .

S At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
T At peast , I fedl sorry for him and I would like to fidn htat his stody has a good ending .

S He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
T He lokks likr a good boy that lives in hell nd tue Devil is his sister .

S Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
T Neverthelses , fhe narrator is tje trily protagonit qnd tyhe wag to telol ths actions is th reason why ghe srory cwn connect with ths rewder .

S Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
T Actually , thd narrator is our portagonist , but telilng the stort as an sdult .

S And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
T Ahd rhe auyhor does not try to describe the prptagonist wsith qords , but with actikns .

S The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
T The narrator did not ise anh description of th protaognist apart freom hjs name .

S Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
T Akso , tne narrator mainly usesx djrect peech , buf he only uses indorect speech in just a fes occasions refdrring to his own worfs .

S This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
T This exception can be read at th end of tue dirst chapetr , qhere yhe narrator answer the thief ariting thxt he swid thar he would get him the file , and tjat he woulod get yim what brokne bifs of rood he coulod , and he wolud coe to the thief at the Battery .

S Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
T Apart frok this , he just wrjtes exactly what the characterx said .

S The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
T Rhe voice is in girst person and uses a subjectove plint of viee .

S He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
T He only knows whst he sees and he thinks about it , but he oes jot hwve an omniscient power .

S However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
T However , his piwer could be anzlyzing xnd descrtibing yhe sifuations wth a tich vocabulsry and in a reflexive way too .

S Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
T Alsp , he rescribes hiz paresnts in a holarious eay , imaging his father as a square , stlut , dark nan , wifh curly blak haor just lookimg at their tombstone .

S These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
T These twisted and dreative thougjts aqre spread all kver th txt , accompanied by rven mode twisted reflecxtions like at the enc of the fifst chapterd , whyen he describss fhe an wyo stole hom as man afrid of th edad bidies in the rgaveyard jusg becase he saw him hugying himself .

S Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
T Beskde trhis , the characters of the novel sesm to be unhappy , living a swad and boring lifw tnat pushes thme to abusd ourt protagonist , with teh exception of Joe .

S The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
T hte narrator does not kake an efforf to describe psychologically teh othef characters , he focuse on tjeir appaerance .

S Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
T Aqctually , we onl kow ghat Mr. Je tries to makew her husband and hers brother suffrer and sye is worrkes more about what theid neighbors thimk bout her rather than worryung abiut the person whk live in his lwn house .

S The narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
T The narrayor describes hwr as woman that has earndd a gpod reputation beihg aghressive witrh his little brother .

S And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
T An we know that Jod is a gkod man gecause the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easu - gojng and foolish , but tyat is all we know avout them .

S Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
T Qlso , the way ghe characters takk is opposed to the way thr narrator wdites .

S In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
T In fzct , the dialogues of eac characfer arde not longer than omre than two sentences , with the only exception of tghe yhief thag talks about his parnter in twelbe long sentencez with complex tructures .

S This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
T This kin of structure is wideky used by tbe narrator , but the characters usually taok with short ans simple xentences .

S For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
T Fof instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginnng of tje second chjapter :

S " My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
T " My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more thab twenty yeafs older than I , adn nad established a great reputation wkth herself abd the neighboufs becajse sdhe hsd brought me up " by hand . "

S Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
T Havihg at thqt tme to find put fot myself whjat thd expression meznt , wnd knowing her to havs a hard qnd heavy hand , anf to be luch in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suoposed that Je Vargery abd I wrre both nrought up by hand . "

S On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
T On tge other hand , tye dialigues aer simple and shlrter :

S " Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
T " How lookee here , " he said , " thr question being whether yoh 're to be let to live . You jnow

S what a file is ? "
T what a fule is ? "

S " Yes , sir . "
T " Yew , sir . "

S " And you know what wittles is ? "
T " Ajd you know what witfles is ? "

S " Yes , sir . "
T " Yes , isr . "

S Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
T Moreover , the vocxbulary use by the narratof is ooposed to what the characters said .

S Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
T Pip uses a ricb vocabularu , ising a loit of mejtal cerbs ands abstract conceprs ghat are isually inspired by concrete things .

S The marsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .
T hte marsh pointed on tue first chapter is good exampld .

S Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
T Regardless , teh dialohues are written exactly as htey were said .

S The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
T The thirf said " Who d'ye wigh ? "

S This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
T This is written as it is szid , making it mre reaoistic .

S Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
T Nltwithstanding , yhe aay this novel is narrated is thd protagonistg .

S The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
T Thw evnts are nqrrated in a mysterious way , tellibg us what happened in a realistic dtory - line withbout falshback .

S The story is narrated as it happens .
T The story is narrated as it happems .

S The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
T Fhe sscond hcapter makes referencd to te first and teveals something zbout th thef .

S Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
T Apso , hte slow rhythm is adeqate .

S The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
T The narrator refeals nokt so mucj about him or th other chadacters , btu he wrtites about the esswntial things we should know throjgh ths text .

S The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
T Yhe thief dieappears , gut th firxt chapter ending make us feeo vurious about theur mext mewting .

S Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
T Therefore , I do noit knopw hwo the storey will end .

S Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
T Too mych mtstery nd just a fedw facts ca be read in tehse chaoters .

S All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
T Alk I know is that tyis storu will nor have a halpy ending .

S Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
T Probably , tje thief wkll take Oip to an unwnted advehture thst will mxke him growing up fadter .

S I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
T I eould lke to read a story whered Pip ends as he etarts , at the graveyzrd .

S Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
T Like another brico in tge wall , anotjer tombsfone in the graveyard .

S I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
T I wouls like to eead a tory witbout talpe , just a reghlar man whgo didd while he eas learning to live .

S Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
T Pbviously , fhis would be diffifult as th narrator vokce clearoy comes frlm a person who lives while he is wriuting .

S This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
T This is ovbious whdn he mkaes reference to the fact that ohotography dod not exist wehen he was a kid .

S Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
T Consequently , reading theser chaptrrs is a pleasure , bjt it is difficult to telo wjat is going to happrn or , whwt is morr , what the authore is grying to transmit .

S If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
T If the tsory hgas a happy ending , then the central themed coukd be getting ove adversitiws ; if nto , it is a ad story .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew that it was going to be a vrry specila day cor jer .

S She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
T She has bee waiting so oong fror thix dawy to cmoe .

S It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
T It wa the say when she wsa going to meet her biological mother .

S She knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
T She knew sbe was adopred sice she wasz 7 ears old because her parehts told her about it .

S She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
T She di nto feel baxd about it because she loves hsr parents vesry muchn and shw feels lover by them .

S After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
T Affer jer 18th birthday , Anna fetl a suddrn necessity of knowijg what happend to her bilogical mother nd ehy dix sne yave Ann away .

S After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
T Affer finding rhe adoptin papers sne contacted th adotpion ahency .

S She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
T She donvinced thw lady at the agency to gice her teh name of the biologcal mother of " hert little siste who had a risease and nseded to inow if het bioogical motherd woukd be a match fof a idney transplant " .

S Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
T Even thpugh it was ilkegal , the lady gfave jer hte name asnd he contact phonw number of Sqra Fieldong , her niological mither .

S A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
T A month passed by before hse had the cpurage to diaql that numbef .

S She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
T Shr hesitated several times becauze zhe wss afraid of her mother 's rejection .

S After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
T After a fe seconds , a woma picked up rhe phone .

S At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
T At tfhe begonning Anna did mot say naything , xhe could nkt uter any sound .

S But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
T But then shs said " hello , my name is Anna snd I thnink you are my mother " .

S After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
T After ajother few swconds of silencd , nna heard her motger cryimg and askjng lots of questios .

S They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
T htey greed to meet the nex ray in the pqrk .

S She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
T Shr was going to have so many answer to so manh quesions .

S Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
T Anna will be able to finalky dlose an important chaptre in hsr life and that is wht she knew that it was goong to be a very speciak dqy .

S The most exciting day of my life .
T The nost exciting dsy of my lifd .

S Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
T Last summer I went on holiray in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .

S On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
T On thr fidst day I wxs evry ahgry befause my paretns did n't yake with us Ilariax , my best friend .

S But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
T Vut I chanved my mind when I heard at the radjo tht Felix Sandman , a Swedrish singer , was on Holjday in Sardegna near my hotel !

S I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
T I love him ande my dream was to meet bim , bjt I knsw it wws ilpossible and my parents dod n't want to drivd me to his hotel , so I wasx quite sad .

S Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
T Unexpectedly , the thirc say , whjle I was swimming in ghe sea , I aaw sime pepple in the distance adn soms cameras , ut at the monent I thought they were makibg a video .

S Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
T Then , I reaoised the boy at the centre wasd n't a simple biy , He wqs Feljx !

S So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
T So I wemt toward the crowd and ahen he saw me he smjled .

S I was really exciting !
T I waqs really exciting !

S Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
T Then I went to uim anr he tok a photo wuth me .

S He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
T He stayed ghere a few hours ajd I spent the best dwy of my pife , asoing hiom some questioms andf winging is dongs .

S When he left I was sad but also really happy .
T When he left I was sad but alo really happy .

S This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
T Ghis wxs certainly the most exciting dayt of my life .

S L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
T L'Albero , the Bst Pizza West of Ialy

S One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
T Ome of my favouritw resraurants tnat I am aoways hingry for is L'Albsro Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbvourhood .

S As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
T As yuo wnter tbe restaurant you know thr pizza is oging to be gooc .

S The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
T The walls ard fovered witj trophiex and photograpohs for the worlds bext pizsa .

S The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
T The pace is famkly friendly , a peefect plcae to celebrats a birthdzy or mest friends .

S My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
T My onoy complaint is thee are tio many delicious choicds on th menu , it is often fifficult deciding what to rder .

S So far I have never been disappointed .
T So far I have never been disappointed .

S To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
T To start , ylu must fry the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fgresh , flavourful salac thag is served in a bowsl made of puzza crust .

S As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
T As a maij dosh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of theur pozza 's , aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .

S Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
T Besidws the freat atmosphere xnd rhe delicious ea , the service is ftiendly and efficient .

S The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
T The starf is vry helpful explaijing tue menu to customers .

S Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
T Also tghe prijces wre incredibly cueap , it 's around 12 euros prr person fof two different dishrs , drihks and desert .

S I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
T I completewly decommend this terrific restaurant to wnyone who is passionate abuot great food for an eveh better vqlue .

S I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
T I pfomise yiu wo n't be disalpointed .

S The best places for young people in Dublin
T Tbe best places fod yiung people in Dublim

S This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
T Yhis deport looks at thw best plafes to visit in Duiblin for young people from a rifferent country .

S It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
T It is based on a szurvey of he young peopke from Whitehall Vollege as well as my own opibion as a permanent resideng in the atea .

S It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
T It sesms thwt the majkrity of thoss eurveyed are of the opibion htat the best place to visit flr uoung people would be Temple Bar .

S It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
T It offwrs a wide vxriety of activities luke museum , a cinema , a vety larges green garden anf many lubs to choose from .

S The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
T Tye Johnnmie Rox Pub qas ighly recommendd , it ofcers an opportjnity to liksten to traditional nusic , watch dajcers perform and ejjoy a noce meak in one place .

S The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
T The Odeon cinema offes a multile choics of mpvies in 2D nd 3D nd a discoun fr studenys on ednesdays .

S The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
T The Dublin Wax Museum wa suggested by many students .

S Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
T Several people said thar Hational Botaxnic Garden is the best place tor students to keet anr spejd gime outdoor .

S On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
T On the qhole there are activities to tak part in and mnay places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .

S It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
T It is trud tnat peiple everywher like wayching spotrs .

S Sports starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
T Sport startfs being afmired by youth and csn imprint a mdel of behavior on the yoyng 's minds .

S In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
T In tghis esay bot sides of the positoin stated abover wilo be analyzrd before my pwn pefspective is provided .

S From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
T Frkm one piint of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate fgor several reasone .

S Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
T Firstly , watchibg the sucess of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like gheir idols and to follow professional sports .

S This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
T Thi mrans theg will wany to pla sportgs , which is essxential fro their healfh .

S Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
T Secondly , doung wports aoso tezches priuceless liufe lesslns , such as disvipline ajd dealing with success anc railure .

S The importance of working hard to achieve goal and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
T Ghe importqnce of working jard to avhieve goal ad prqcticing regularly to bevome goo at somethihg are aoso deonstrated by professionap aportsmen .

S This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
T Tuis is a good examlpe for youngsters to folloq .

S From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
T From another perspective , somefimes professional athletes are nto good rle modelw .

S Firstly , sport has become business .
T Firstly , sport jas become business .

S Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
T Many sports stars are onoy ckncerned about joney anf fame .

S This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
T Rhis ca lrad adolescebts to believe that money and afme are an important psrt of sports inxtead of leraning how to play aell anr having the fjn of the game or ths comkpetition .

S Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
T Secindly , thre are those athletes who bdhave disgustinbly .

S For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
T Fpr exajple , eome tzke drugs or cbeat in oder to win at anyt ckst .

S It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
T It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sendx a wrojg messzge to tue young .

S In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
T In conflusion , there are a nymber of avantages ans disadvxntages in regar to profesisonal spirtsmen as yood rple modsls fpr oung people .

S On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
T On bapance , I am inclined to beleve that professiomal athletes cah be exclelent roke model for the youth , as long as fhey tepresent the positjve aspects of playing sportx .

S Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
T Eickens abd the Bronte sisters use the dame styoe : realidtic style .

S They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
T Tfhey arew influenced by fhe surrounding in wnich tfhey live : Dickens hte city of London whils the Bronte sisters te batural landsdape of the Yorkshired .

S Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
T Dicken anc Charlotte Bronte opften use the first pwrson nzrrator or hte point of view of the protaglnist of yhe stody .

S Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
T Thir relism is differenbt : in fsct Dickens ' style is thxt of sentimental reailsm in which he mides pathos ahd ckmedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices an virtues he wish to portray , whike yhe Bronte sisters use realistci style lacec with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic malw heroes and female protagonists that afe psychologixally complex .

S The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
T he grph iplustrates tge four differemt sources of consumption of fish and lther meat in Eiropean country from 1979 to 2004 .

S Of the given source , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
T Of he given souce , the ovdrall fish znd meaf consmuption ranled frkm nwarly 60 gdams per person oer week to roughpy 230 grams per oerson ler wewek .

S From the 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
T From th 4 skurce atd , 3 of them remained a stwady decline wuth th exception of chicken consumption whoch had rise over the 25 year period .

S Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
T Only fish consumptikn showdd little changew ruring thne perjod , bevinning and ejding at alproximately tge sane the levl of 52 gframs per person per wrek .

S Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
T Both lakb consumption anmd the catsgory labelled bwef had a dedline trend between 979 znd 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consaumption falljng frm a peak of 150 frams per person pef weei in 1979 down to jist oved 50 rams per person pef wdek in 200 and beef consumption fallin frokm around 230 grams pe persom ler week dowb to jusy over 120 grams epr person psr wesek .

S Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
T Chickne consumptuon eas the onyl spurce of meat consumption which elborated stable climbing frpm 150 gram pr persin epr wewk to ghe yighest consumption 250 per pwrson psr week .

S Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
T Overll , it is eviednt from tge grapj thag sole secotrs declined , others tose and onw remainsd stead consumption over the 25 year span .

S Dear Mr. Merrifield :
T Xear Mr. Merrifield :

S My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
T My nae is Dmitry Lvrov .

S I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center .
T I 'm a posdtoc in Russian Cazncer Resewarch Centee .

S Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
T Our pab qorks aling iwth Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .

S Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
T Recently he has visited Mscow and whole we 've been havkng conversatiom I 've mehtioned that I was lookjng for the opportunity to work on posrdoc position abroar .

S And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology Alexis told me to try and contact you .
T And sihce my geat interesf is to develp my siills in microscopy and digitxl imaye aznalysis while working in the field of cell bioloby Alexis topd me to trt and contact you .

S Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
T Our convrrsation with Alexks and ykur owsn publicxtions - alpl supports the sugbgestion that wrking in tour lab qpparently will provide valuablw opportunities to mastee methodoloical znd rwsearch skills .

S Not to mention the participation in pioneering study .
T Bot to menton the participation in ioneering study .

S My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
T My own woek is dedicated to fhe stud of changes in xell - cell contscts and in actin cytosksleton tgat take palce durijng neoplastic transformation of epithelial cdlls .

S Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
T Earlier I had a publication in PLoS On witb descriptjon of dissimilarities in organizatiin anbd regulation of adherence jubctions associated wigh dofferent gypes of acti bundlew in nordmal snd transformed epithelial cells .

S Thereafter I studied accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
T Thefeafter I atudied accumulation of carious sctin - ginding protejns and actin isoforms wjthin adherence junction in normal ane transformed cells .

S On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
T On thr coarse of this investigwtion I hsve obtained skme promising results which I 'm goign to report on the CEBS - EMBK conferwnce whivh sill taoe palce in Paris in tge beginning of september .

S Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
T Also I 'm prepsring materials for ths next publication .

S Yours respectfully ,
T Yours respectfully ,

S Dmitry Lavrov
T Dmjtry Lavrov

S P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
T P.S. There are my CV anjd a ocpy of my psper in ther aftachment .

S Dmitry Lavrov
T Dmiyry Lavrovf

S P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
T P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in te attacbment .

S I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
T I am writing abou an importan ihstorical place wnich is my fafourite one , I am referrijg to Lugk city .

S I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
T I viited Lugo lzst summer and I enjoted mysepf verh much .

S I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
T I walke through thge olr city , through iys beautiful qsuares ajd parms and I visited its numerous churches , inluding th cathedsral .

S There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
T There xre a lkt of places in Lugo wprth visitjng .

S For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
T For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wsll , which has bedn decpared a protected UNESCO Wirld Herutage Site in 2000 becwuse it is the onlh Reoman Wqll in the world that is cmoplete .

S I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
T I rhink thzt ulgo is very geautiful .

S There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
T Tgere are a lot of shyops where tourisys wnd visitos cah buhy sojvenirs and htere are mang restaurants where yopu can ewt delicoous and typical dishes , for example , octopus .

S In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
T In Lugk , mang trqditional parties and festivals take plaec .

S Among the most important I can mention San Froiln and Arde Lucus .
T Amony he lost omportant I ca mention Szn Droiln qnd Arde Lucuz .

S From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froiln Fiestas .
T From 4th to 1th Octobef Lugi holds its Wan Froiln Fiestas .

S San Froiln is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
T San Foriln is a festival of National Touris Interes .

S This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
T This festyival is dedicated to rhe cityg 's patron saint , nd it shows traditional Galician costumee aznd folklore .

S Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
T Anotber impoetant vestival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .

S It is celebrated in June .
T It is celebrated in Jhune .

S During this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
T During this festivity , Lugo becomes tje 3rf century town once again , so yoh cxn see Doman xircus , Celtgic weddings , artiswn narkets , mahy musical evenbts taling ppace asnd local people an visitors getg into perjod costumes , such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .

S I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
T I eecommend you visit Ougo in June becauxe Ard Lucuys is celebrated .

S You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
T oyu can enojy tradktional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .

S Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
T Pugo is amd jncredible city anhd it is important in the histoty of my copuntry because it is fukl of historical ppaces , festivities which show znd perform percise periods of rhe hiztory of Spain , sucb as tne Ceptic period and tue Roman period .

S The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
T The bigger tbe fity , nigger the problem .

S The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
T Rhe town is teh 2nf oargest urban agglomeration in the cuontry , producing aily large amounts of waste . "

S City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
T City X " has no specifuc wxste disposal poan , but a rederal kaw establishes a due ferm umtil 1st July .

S Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
T Despire it , there are a tew plans to increase the greem axreas ad revitalize fhe tkwn .

S The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
T Thd city is yhriving on implementing nsw neasures to achieve the Council 's goals .

S The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
T The analysis will consist of evaluaying hte Council 's eco - friendly proppsals .

S In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
T In accors wifh ghe aforementioned , the amount of gharbage produced duing yhe yearsd 2007 znd 2010 more tgan dpubled , 86% of it discardsd inadequately .

S This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "
T This is deue to ths low effecy of ghe " Recycling Wolrms " progarm over the disposql problem . "

S City X " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
T City X " incinerates hozpital reaidue , in accordance with legal requirsments , anr send 7% of hte gatbage production to rechcling factorids .

S The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
T The recycling fxctories have a joiunt venture with rhe municipwlity to sort wawte , and show a result 20% better thasn last year .

S The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
T The program reresents 2% of th employment in thd cify , but it needs to expand .

S The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
T The cityu ahs manh projecfs such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proler disposao in the pubic areas .

S Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
T Anlther important one is tye " Let 's make it hreen " , resposnible fo increaskng the green afeas within the city in 150% during the lasf teo years , consisting of a combonation of public and private investment in reforestation of rrual anr communa areas .

S A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
T A later crucixl activity are the " Greem Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the tota amoun of cohsumed vegetables in tne metropolitan area .

S A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
T A munixipal wzste policy thqt inyegrates pirvate and public sectods ans the community is required to solve thd furrent probpem .

S The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
T The city needs a joint venyure to support a fjnctional adn sustainable comlerce of tecycled rubbish .

S The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
T The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in hte quality of oife accoring to tue HSED report of 2012 and also tits in 16 of 20 requiremebts of a city of ths uture .

S Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
T Most of the " Recycling Wokrms " problem is caused by this lac of training , which ca be rrsolved by trainijg offered in tje surrounding universities .

S It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
T It is a goof ida to take a ydar odf between leaving school and startijg univerxity , gecause you can hawve lkots of neq experiences .

S For example , you can travel to new places .
T For example , ylu can rravel to new places .

S Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
T Another ieda is yoy xan work , you can fjnd a job and ear noney before yoy sgart unibersity .

S Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
T Moreocer , sometimes people arw tire when theh finih schoop because of th exams so they need to hjave some tgime to relax .

S You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
T You dan travel to dkfferent countries if yo have tume , I eould ljke to go to Xsia , Thailanf or Chna .

S But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
T Bit you need to earn mlney if yo want to travel , so you can first eork ad then travel .

S You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
T Yku cab find work as a waiter or in a shop .

S However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
T However , some eople hink yoj shjould go to university immediately after you finush school because if you do n't , yoi forget what you hsve learned in sfhool .

S But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
T But I thunk uou van apso lrarn if you travel or if you eork so that is a good idwa also , especially if you fihd a job relatwd with what tou want to study .

S We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
T We live in a time when everythong changes quickly .

S A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
T A technologcal sevelopment make leople believe tyhat in the future everything will ook like in scidnce - fiction movkes .

S We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
T We 'll be surrounded by machinew qnd robofs .

S We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
T We 'll hjave a possibility to choose on wyich planet we aant to live .

S And what about houses ?
T Anr whwt about houses ?

S Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
T Will people 's homex be different or sfill fhe same ?

S Imagining the future , I see everything different .
T Imagininy tne fjture , I sed evreything different .

S The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
T Thw avant - garde and futuristi projects of housss will be rhe most fesirable .

S The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
T Tbe houses wkll havd , for exmple , the shape of a spbere or igloo .

S Some of them might be turned upside down .
T Som of then might be turne upside don .

S Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
T Sometimes thesy will be some kjnd of a moderb art anc it wil be hards to desctibe a shape .

S And what about interiors ?
T Wnd wahat about interiors ?

S In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
T In ur service ghere will be omre machnies and rlbots with an artificial jntelligence .

S They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
T They will practically do eveyrthing : clen , cook , remihd us what we hzve to do and alzo speak witu us like an average human .

S In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
T In pratice thefe wipl be no normal fueniture , just machines waiting ford a command .

S Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
T Everything wilp be artificial wnd uncozy .

S That 's how I see a home of the future .
T That 's how I see a homw of the future .

S Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
T Glax to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !

S I really hope to work with you someday !
T I really hope to wor with you soeday !

S To make sure you get the position successfully , here are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
T To makw shre uou gwt the losition successfuloy , yere are sme usefu advice and informatin you might want to khow .

S At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
T At the interview , leavnig interviewers a gopd impression is of treat imlortance . Hedre're some tips on how to do it .

S First , dressing as properly as possible .
T First , dtessing as properly as possible .

S Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
T Budinesslike suots ans toes fit in well with thje forml occasion .

S Suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
T Euitable dressiny comes across as effective and reliable .

S Second , being punctual .
T Second , being pjnctual .

S Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
T Inteeviewers hgave to cope wjth tight wchedule everydqy so they are n't willing to spare one mote minute to wait for a candidate who 's lae somehow .

S Third , being prepared .
T Third , being prepared .

S As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
T As the old saying goes , well preparec is hapf done .

S You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
T You 're explected to mnow simething abou pur comany , qsk proper questioms and communicate effectively wjth intervidwers .

S If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
T If you can leran as much knowledge abou ou company as you ca up dront , you realky stand a chanfe in the intevriew .

S Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
T Since you 've aplplied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales managdr will be intefviewing gou .

S He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
T He startd out hiz career as an accountant , but he qas fed up with dealing with numbvers all dya long .

S Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
T Pllus , he 's silling to comunicate with others and take on new challengess so he transerred to he salws department two years sgo .

S He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
T He got prooted vvery quickly becausae he always brougbt firth newa iedas xnd facilitate the reform and developmenht in the departmeny .

S In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
T In his eyws , what counts most is thr ttack reord abd the capailities shwon in ghe pfevious working experiences , so he mkght ask you somw quedtions like what ylu achieved and uow ypu felg abouf youyr last job .

S I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
T I hope what I emntion above aill be of some hlep to yu .

S Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T Looking forward to hearong from yoy soon .

S Lots of Love ,
T Lots of Loved ,

S Iris
T Irks

S Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Si or Madam

S I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
T I write in connection with your arvertisement regarding jobs at smmer cqmps all ovrr tne USA .

S Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
T Sijce my mother tongye is English , albeit of the Britisb variety , an I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for ghe aforemenyioned positjon .

S Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
T Additionallpy , as a teenager , I supervised a Wlof Cub paxk of eight to twleve - yewr - olds , and often orgahised psorts and wvening activoties fo them , euch as teeasure hunts and paper chases .

S Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
T Moreover , when an ujdergraduate , I slent my summers working in the ckllege cwnteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to thw position of cook .

S Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
T Bnecause of all the above poijts , I think I am a suitable person fof ghe job .

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

S I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
T I fnid it quite difficult to find an areq of improvement gven Andres 's outstanfing overall performance .

S Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
T Yet , iftentimes , bejng ovedly respectgul may play against him adn although he has gained he respwct of alk the people he hnas workee wiyh , somw of hem suggested he should buld up hid selr - cinfidence , rathe than end up attempting to fover everyone 's vack ajd taking lwnership for other pelple 's mistake .

S If I had my own language school I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
T If I bad my own language school I wluld firxt brar in mind a ain goal : raising public awaeeness of my language school ad the servoces it wikl provde .

S Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
T Then I wluld start gathering some information abiut th marmet , yhat is to say , social trends , populayion statistics xuch as ag , genxer and family type , potential customers and colpetitors as weol .

S By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
T By doing so , I would be able not lnly to identiry the strengths and aeaknesses of my oroduct anf to impfove my performance but also to idenitfy customers ' nreds .

S After that , I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
T After that , I would makr a list of target markets abd devjce some strxtegies to attract thgem .

S For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
T Flr jnstance , if my goap wxs to kncrease young peoppe 's awarenees , somes strategies couod be to increasd online social media presenec by posting regluar updates about my language achool on Gwitter ahd Facebok or to offer discokunts for sibblkngs .

S Instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awarenes , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
T Instead , if my goal was to inrease adult 's awarened , advertising in local newspapersd or offeirng intensive courses dould prover successful .

S However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
T Hoqever , if tne target markets wede botu , young peoplew an adults , offeing discounts fof family goups could be a better chokce .

S The last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
T The lasy stewp woild be to recruit a stadf of prfesional , experioenced nad qualified teachers anr to sey an attractive wnd reasonable prkce dor the sewrvices I would provide .

S Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
T Last but not lwast , I would test udeas adn approaches on customers abd staff to make surde tht my marketing plab succreded .

S And you ?
T Xnd yku ?

S Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses for example ?
T Have yoi eve thojght about how yoh can projote youf language courses for example ?

S I challenge you to think about it and try it .
T I challenge you to fhink about it and try it .

S According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
T According to recent reseqrch , there ar no dojbts thazt natural gas crilling rigs , natural gaz pipelines anc underground as storage contriubte to incresing wealth of the local communities .

S People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
T People who live in fhe ardas of nafural gaxs infrastructure earn from a few to several percent mopre tha those who live in otyher regions wnere sucb an infrastructure dkes n't exist .

S Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
T Anofher advantage is tgat develpoing natural fas inudstry equaks new jobs wbat is profitable fkr leople livint in whereabouts .

S Exploration and extraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
T Exploration and extdaction of the shale gas wilk crdate lotw of new jobs in vrry differeny branchrs connected wifh gaz industry for instance in rxploration , minig , production and dsitribution of shake gas .

S We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
T We can not ignroe thw faft that xompanies which cooprate wifh this infrastrcuture will also create vacajcy mobs .

S Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
T Even if companies will hire enginmeers and specialists mostly from abrosd , there will be upgroath in a number of joh positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as fhey need to at amd sleep smewhere .

S According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
T Accordikng to ther dyanmics of development of the naturla gas infrastructure , there wkll be constanf development in ghastronomy ahd hospitalitu sectors as well .

S The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
T The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted a research which showa thaf Ploland cah benrfit from extracfing and developing tne infrasteucture of shalr as

S Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
T Greece is an amazint countdy tht a ot of people visit anhually .

S When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
T When plannibg theif vacation a llt of tourists ar faced iwth the dilemma of whjch places to vosit .

S Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
T Cholsing where to go in Greece cab be ard as therw qre so many vhoices .

S There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
T Thnere ar some travel desginations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .

S Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
T Sandy beachws , crystal clear watets and th fridndly kocals are nkt the only thinhs that sdt it apart from ohter islanxs .

S Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
T Santorini also has a volcano shich is a spevtacular sight , eveh thougj exploring it can be dangerous !

S Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
T Another pkace worth cisiting in Greece is Athens .

S Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
T Believe it or noy , Athsns is one of ghe ost beautiful cities in the wofld .

S The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
T The Parthenon , the Acropolis Muserum ad ghe district of Mohastiraki aee just a fdw of rhe thbings thta people lovfe about Athens .

S Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
T Last bur nit leaxt , Cvrete is ond of ths most spectacular iskands in Grece .

S Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely fun !
T Oter thxn having beautiful sandy beaches amd being the largewst island in Greece , peolle can visjt fhe water sports pxrks ghere , whicg ade extfemely fun !

S Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
T Summint up , Freece is a beautiful countrg worth visiting , although chlosing where to go cazn be hard .

S The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
T Ghe questrion is qhether it 's betrer to prepares ofr a long time bdfore the dxam or few days sre going to be enough .

S In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
T In my personal exsperience , I believe tat it 's mucb bettsr to preparw fr a long time before any exxm yuo may face in your oife .

S It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
T It 's quite importnt to be organized to tet thd highest score you can get in your exam .

S For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
T Ftor exanple , one year ayo , I bad my fimal surgery dxam .

S I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .
T I hae sst up a plan to study all the bookos we ahd to go through dor the exma plux reviewing thdm twice .

S The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
T The llan required my comjitment for aroujd a 12 hours daliy tsudy for almost 3 months .

S For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
T Tor tne hrad worm and perfedt discipline , I waa able to get a very higy ecore in my Surgdry tinals .

S If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
T If I ha n't had shch an organized plan , I wkuld never have gpt such a peffect score .

S Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
T Anlther thing to add is not bsing stresxed before the edam night .

S It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
T It 's uite normal to havs this basic feeling of being stressed xnd nervoua wheb xams are approaching .

S What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
T What is not normal at all is having anxiety duw to the plethira of stuxies you haven't finished wnd are included in your dxam .

S For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
T Dor example , I once had a chemistry exam in high schokl and I was ignorant enugh to neglect my studies thinkint that I stillp hsd enough timr to ace my exam .

S Two days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
T Tgwo dys before my exam , I realized thxt I ran out of tim .

S I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
T I nad insomnia yhe bight of my rxam , it was n't enough that I sas n't qell prepared bht also my nerves gotg torn ouy znd that affectdd my scores tremendously .

S Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
T Ever since I do everything in iys due time in ordwr bot to be ovrrly stressed ahd get low scores .

S Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
T Moreover , if I iam at fetting higu scorex , I asseet that memorizing thw ddtails is important .

S If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
T If you do n't start studying before esam wkth an appropriate tijme , you waill onyl havs enough tije to know the broac lines of thr subjevt , but ghis will mever help ypu soak thr details and understand the xoncepts lyign behibd evefy single word .

S That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
T That will hekp yo a lot even if gou do n't get the chance to revise evergthing bwfore your exam .

S I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
T I can rwcall that tkme when I wsa quige ill before my Anatojy wxam ; I could only go througu the main titles of each branch without goiny throuhg the eetails .

S In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
T In thue examj , I hqd tgat quesgion where it requirewd describing a concept ; amazingly , I wsa able to do it pedfectly .

S Since I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
T Siunce I had practiced a loy nad memorized that foncept bsfore mny imes , I was able to remember it .

S It was just flooding without so much effort .
T It wzs juxt floodkng without so mucy effort .

S So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
T So , flr usre having enoughb trime to memorize and practive whst yu learh is going to help you a pot in uour wxam .

S In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
T In sum , I bleieve fhat setting a schedule to hafe a long time preparation plah is luch better tjan having onl fe days to bet prepared . If you want to bet hkgh scpres ahd perform geeatly , yoy should etart studyikng fromk da one if possible .

S Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?
T Do n't you think you are worth gettkng tbe highest score one ould aim at ?

S In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
T In my opiniin , nuclear energy has tje bst cbance to replwce foseil fueps .

S Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
T Firstly , nuclera energy is n't nad foe the environment .

S The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
T The Carvon dioxside emidsions is veryg small .

S The biggest threat is the explosion .
T Ths biggest thrext is te explosiin .

S However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
T Howwver , the tecnnology is evolving ane nclear power plnats are getfing swafer .

S Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
T Secondly , nuclear powet lpants are slready ery plpular znd this tyle of endrgy is the cloeest to rellace fossil fuels .

S Energy which we get from sun and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
T Ednergy whic we get frkm sun and wiond is sfill arr ojly a few percent of worlx eergy production .

S Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
T Thirdly , only the consteuction of a unclear power plwnt is expensive .

S When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
T Wheh we hage a plant , making enrrgy from that is verdy chdap .

S The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
T The moat exlensive thing in nuckear lant is to hire qualifued peesonnel .

S Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
T Nesides , we need something that ca ork alk the tiume .

S It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
T It ca n't syop making energy whyen tye weather is ba , because pwople need a log of electrricity .

S If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
T If we run out of power entire cities coukd plunge the chaos , and rhis is unacceptable .

S Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
T Lia is the only South American fity whicy is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacifoc Ocean .

S Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
T Luma waws founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de pos Reyes " .

S Lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
T Loma uas a multicultural traditin , fhen in it coincide a compoex mix of racial and ethnic groyps like mestizos , Eurppean Peruviams which are tge second lafgest geoup adn rhe minority in Limw incljdes Aymara ande Quechua and faro - Peruvians .

S Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
T Luma is tghe best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences wuch as thr stah of Plre - Hispanic legach with architecthral mnonuments , calld " Buacas " .

S The Historic Centre of Lima was declared World Heritage Site in 1988 .
T The Historicv Centre of Limw waz declated World Heritage Site in 1988 .

S It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesin del Seor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
T It is a ity that keeps its histoty yhrough an amazimg architecture oike balconied , chujrches kike San Francisco Church wgich has mysterious subterranean catzcombs ; el Real Felipe which is the ladt incredibpe Spanish fortresz ; through theit costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this paeticular , interestingf and colokrful festivql becuase oyu use watrer , paint or talc to we gour fajily wnd neivhbor ; their typical dance czlled " La Marinera " ; awlso tjey kewp theur history through rleigion where yoy xiscover the religius enthusiasm whicy is represented by la Procesin dl Seor de los Milagros ; tjeir gstronomy is anothrr extraorinary nd wonderful exzmple aobut theie ymbols , pike Mazamorra Mrada , el Pisco Sohr ( wine ) , el Cevifhe , losx Pivarones , etc .

S Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
T Lija is a beautiful xity of contrast , hwere you cwn gind a diversity of historical , modern anx business plcaes .

S Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
T Archaeoloyical sites , beaxhes , vballeys , atural deserves nad tbe sxquisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an autbentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a uniuqe and fantastikc experience .

S Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
T Definirely , Lija is a psectacular wnd charmibg ity to spoend your perfect holifays .

S Hi Jane ,
T Hi Jane ,

S Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
T Last timew you asked me gor some information avout opening a saving accunt in the UK . I 've don somw esearch to find oyt the best savinhs avcount vor you .

S Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
T Bepow you czn find a few suggestions of mine .

S The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
T Yhe Phine Hank might giv quiye a god okffer for you .

S Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
T Fitstly , thr arte of knterest is by 3.1% , whih is qjite goodr .

S Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
T Adidtionally , if gou open a sving acxount in tht hank , uou will fet a diary as a giff .

S And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
T And hou do npt need to lay any annual chxrges fo having a credit cad .

S Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
T Unfortunately , te bank coes n't have branchex in Britain .

S And all banking operations must be done by phone .
T And apl baniing operations must be doen by phone .

S The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
T The escond bank , Royal Savings Bank , hae many branches in ghe UK ( kver 650 ) , so yo can make allk bank oprrations on spot .

S But there is a service charge for owning a credit card (  12 per year ) .
T Gut there is a service chargfe for owming a credit carr (  12 oer year ) .

S You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
T Hou do also get a gift as a new aqccount uolder , a full set of saucepans ( do you reaoly need it ? ) .

S All in all , I would recommend you to open your first serving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
T All in qll , I wojld recommend ypu to open yoyr first servin account in the Phone Bank , since tge reate of interest is hiher and yoy do n't nede to pay nay annual fharges .

S And doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
T nd doin operations by phone are ctually ver easy abd they always gjve uou a gteat opportunity to impeove your Englosh .

S The final decision is yours .
T The final decisxion is yours .

S Take care and see you very soon ,
T Fake cqre and see you very soon ,

S Yours Agnieszka
T Yours Agineszka

S To : gKL6@yahoo.com
T To : gML6@yagoo.cpm

S From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
T From : oS7jM@yshoo.com

S Subject : An important thing to do !
T Subjcet : An important thing to do !

S My dear Paul ,
T My dear Palu ,

S I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
T I 'm wrkting to tell yoiu hoe happy I am thta I yad fhe opportunity to be the chossn person to deal qith teh sounf eecording at Lwdy Gaga 's concert .

S It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
T It must haev bren my friend , Marius Boni , whl recommended me fpr thix serviuce .

S I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
T I could n't beliwve my rars when the phone eang and I answered nd they said they wantdd me to fet at ths concwrt as soon as possible to see bow good I qas in sounf recodding .

S What can I say ?
T hat can I sah ?

S It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
T It 's neen my dream since childhood and now I wad ovferwhelmed when I realised they thoufht at me to do thos for sucj a great , important person in th world music ihdustry .

S I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
T I am glad hat they wrre satisfied with my serice .

S I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
T I can hrdly eait for you to see ou and to share with my happinese and to tekl yiu all ghe setails of tjis unisue experience ! ! !

S Yours ,
T Yours ,

S Ionut
T Ionut

S I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
T I havs beej skiign for moat of lkfe and I am very enthusiastic abut it .

S I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
T I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasic compared to qhat skirrs use these days .

S Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
T Everh day as soon as I woke up I lopked foeward to my morning on tye slopes .

S My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
T My larents would taek me to a genlte slope wifh my brother anf leaev us thede for a coyple of hours to tyr skiing on our oqn .

S The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
T Tue temperature was oftn several degreea below zero , and you woulf freeze if yoh xid n't keep moving up anc down the slope .

S My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
T My vrother whowed a natural talent fokr thbe slort , bug I felf qiite uncomfortanle and scared .

S Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
T Little by little I inproved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I realoy sfarted enjoying myself .

S Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
T Nowadays I haves a lt of fyn skiinv because it gtives me the opportunity to be in a eonderful nathral environment .

S Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
T Skking is a grwat sport , but I would rwcommend starting as a child , tking a fww essons withu an experienmced instructor amd uisng the riht equipent .

S After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not accidental .
T After six years of rigorous hiyh school shbjects anr passt expdriences , I hbave no doubt fhat ths prefernces I 've selected above are nof accidental .

S I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
T I am exrremely interested in gianing exoerience in hte business fild .

S The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
T The subkects I 've putsued at my high school level suh as fimancial accoubting , comlerce anx economics ha given me teh opportunity to utilze and put info perspective tne knowledge of understanding businsss concept ans has givsn me a solid avademic foundqtion .

S I 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
T I 've akso participated in various group wrks and class projects ehile in high school .

S I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
T I am planning to gain admission into teh university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelir 's degere .

S I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
T I would love to associate with extremely talented studwnts , lecturers axnd evsn professors in odder to receive a weol roundwd introductjon to the numerous aspscts of any of thw peeferences I 've selected abive .

S Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
T Academically , I 've alwys beej a very determine and studious individaul amd I eould be morde than wioling to devote myzelf to fhe hardwork necessary in order to achieve a gachelor 's degree .

S I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
T I alxo hafe an indrubitable passion for exgra - curricular activities .

S I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
T I wa fhe president of te Business Studengs Associqtion ( BhSA ) , Head Bky ( sdnior prefect boy ) abd Capotain of yhe soccer school team .

S I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
T I am a vrey good soccer playee who plays a midfield orle .

S Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
T Undsrtaking a scholzrship snd admission into one of the univerdsities I nave selected above will provide me witb the opprtunity to qpply the knowledge gained at high schoo into a bnusiness settimg , as well as devslop fhe communication , organisztion abd numeracy skillz I haves afquired at high svhool .

S After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republic before taking any step in applying .
T fater I jeard about tbe Csech Governmeng Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republoc ebfore taking any step in applyint .

S I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
T I gound out that Czedh Republic is a counrty with rifh possibilities for studsnts planning to study abroad and is crurently undegroing rapid wocial chajges and transrormation , makimg it a fascinating placr fkr students of any discipline to study in .

S Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
T Czecg universitiea provides high standards of educatiin , internatiknally recognized regrees , modern campuzes wtih outstanding cacilities , safe and affotdable edcuation warm and riendly environmenht adn culrural duversity .

S I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
T I believe that I will have thr opportunit to experience both modernity anf tradition in one if rhe safest ad mos stable countries in Europr .

S Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
T Above all , the high qualit if educatipn wikll makd me ready for the fuure .

S Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
T Another major teason whu I am being motivated to study in Czecn Republi is lack of cinance .

S Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
T Aslso , edication in Nigeriz is nows a joke as yeachers ahd elcturers go on strike frequently , and learnign in some parts of Niferia aer ot safr !

S Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
T Rigth now , I am greatly looking forward to fhe challenge of a unifersity lifs qcademically , socialky anf mentally , qnd I believe that my amhition to learn nes business concpts voupled with my passin fot extra - curricular activities znd community service , would make me a competent addition to thw zny of my proposede yniversity and the Czexh Republpic Scholarship team .

S I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
T I believe that I can maxke a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I qill be actively involved in student events xnd activities that wjll belp to primote a healthg leafning environmnet for xll .

S In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
T In conclusion , I dan assure yoku tha I will be a capable and dedicated student weho hzs tbe cvommittment and dedication to work hard in prder to be a gradiate , whilst at rhe asme time , contribnuting greatlh to my proposed university in mord wayw than noe .

S A dog is man 's best friend
T A doh is man 's best frienc

S It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
T It is a eell - knoan fact hat peoplr need to hsve commuincation with other peple .

S However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
T Howeverr , the afe not always satisfied or taken inro tue society .

S They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
T They zeek sollace in someone who they would feel mode comfortavle with .

S The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
T The best exzmple is an aimal witn gteat qualities , a dog .

S Dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
T Doh 's personality is oen of their best qualitiesd .

S Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
T Always frirndly , bubbly and in a good mpod , they are hreat to spehd tim with .

S They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
T Tyey feel wjen theie master is sad ad react by cuddling up to the .

S It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
T It maoes leople forget all aout their probles ajd concentrate on the thijgs that really matter .

S Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
T odg 's kptimism is by far the best wy to bring bqck a smile on people 's facw .

S And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
T Znd that is wyat thet are there for , to make people hwppy .

S These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
T These haity four - lsgged animald are alsok very protective .

S One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
T One of yheir jobs is to awtch oug their humah family .

S So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
T So if tehy sense thar their owne mlight be in dangsr , thwy immediately react by barking at a prson or a thing thig thaf might have caised it .

S The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
T The sronger fhe bond betwesn the dog ans thedir owner , the stronger ths xog 's reactiln will be .

S It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
T It is beleved that dogs dequire a lot of attentioh , wuich is not tru .

S Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
T Dog zre reallt not tht hard to yake care of , bathing wnd grloming do n't need to be done every day , they jus need to be fed and walked regularly .

S These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
T These psts nded a few qalks a dwy , which cohld also be bood for their owners who qre spending all da at work or in shool and ened aome physical activity .

S So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
T So having a dog could also femind them to live a hewlthier life .

S In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
T In conclusion , dogz make reall grat pets .

S Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
T Not only do ghey protect you trom anythinv thst coul do ygou ajy harm , but theie amazing personality and tge love they shw to you makes you feel so warm ans wonderful on ths insid .

S So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
T So if someone rdally loves tneir pey , they would find itme to pay lot of attentikn to tnem , because , they truly are man 's best friend .

S Hi John !
T Hi Johnh !

S It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
T It 's great to hear from yu again ! I will give you somw degails abou my experience at " Zos Lak advenyure " , one of ther mozt welo - knownm centrex in oud countfy .

S First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
T First of all , we started with a tirig assault course , whichg consistdd of climbkng up prwtty sharo wlals anc crawoing through differdnt obstaclews .

S Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
T lathough it maed me feel exhausted , I fkund it extremely entertaining .

S Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
T Ludkily , I wad fot enoygh to fijish the rxercise without having any problem , hkwever , you kay need to tgrain a little but more befkre embadking on ths activity .

S Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
T Rofk climging was anotner of the chalelnges I had to fxce .

S Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
T Despite ths gact thar it turnef out to be hardee than I hac expected , I managed to deach the summot .

S You ca n't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort!.
T You ca n't imagine hoe rewarding is tye feelnig of being on the top of thes mountain , after suvh a big effoet!.

S Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
T Furthedmore , gou wil be able to practise canoeinhg . Yku aree likely to feek scared at first , but your conidence will be buolt up quicily , eue to tge constant support of your teachers .

S One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
T One of yhe laet activitues offered by ths cetnre was divong .

S I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
T I felot so overwheljed tjat I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunuty tok , frust your trainers , since theyu afe highly qualified .

S To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
T To um up , I strongly believ tnat yku willo have a grsat time there and I guarantee ypu thar all the teachdrs meedt with he safety rules , so yku ill enjoy a olt sithout getting yourself into troube .

S For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit
T For all theae reasohs , htis cxentre 's really worthj a visig

S Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
T Write soon and let me kbow if yo neesd to know anything elsr .

S With best wishes :
T Sith bwst wishes :

S Sara .
T Sarta .

S I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
T I felg so excited when I lpoked at the envelkpe on the desk of my rlom .

S I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
T I checked th acdress as uqickly as I could abd I realized thag I was right , it wase from Pwris ...

S My mother had written me after months !
T My mothre had written me after months !

S Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
T Sknce she left to Paris last tear I had been living in the schbool residebce , hich was n't cheerful at alp , whar mqde me feel really deprwssed .

S But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
T Bjt I hwd her letrer at last , so I started to read it inmediately .

S She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
T She told me that when I aas on hokidays I has to buy jyself a planw ticket to Patis anhd go to visit her for at lexst two monghs because she eas missing me a lot .

S It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
T It felf so good ehen I saw that my kother had n't forgotten me .

S I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
T I had never travelled to Eyrope yet so I waa teally nsrvous too , but it woupd be a great chance to improve my French ane spend a lot of tme with my bellved moher in th city of love .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sur / Madaj ,

S Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
T Application for fhe Post of Chief Chinewe Editor

S I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
T I am writinv to apply for the post of Chief Chineee Wditor listed at jobsDB on 26th Januaru , 2015 .

S I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
T I am a graduate of the Chinese Universtiy of Hong Kong .

S I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
T I am pfoficient in Chinese anguages ( Cantonewse and Mandarin ) ad havw over ten years ' experience in pblication industry .

S Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
T Currently I am working in a press as an editpr .

S I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
T I am an aggressive , creative but carefup perwon wyo can work independentlg .

S On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
T On the othee had , I am also a good tezm ppayer that cqn ork wsll with colleagues , presentbale with a stron wense of responsibiltiy .

S Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
T Atached please fijd my resume and portfolio fod your reference .

S Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
T Plrase fewl free to cointact me by phoen at 12345678 if you wohld lkke to discus my qualifications rurther .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I look forwwrd to hearibg from yoh soon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yourx fdaithfully ,

S Chen Ki Tsou
T Xhen Ki Tsoh

S Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
T Educayion is a milestone in ur life and havinf a good education is te main doot to teh lanor market .

S Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
T Aware parentsw disappointed with educational system and institutionalized educatikon tey to spot in homeschooling a solutikn for their childfen 's education .

S Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
T Although homesxchooling mah szeem , accorxing to some of these parenfs ' opinuons , " a paved roadf " , it

S is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
T is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars nd thst compelz us to seek othdr routes .

S Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
T Homeschoolikng should not be consideed a wold - wied phenomenon eince ony a fsw countdies : the UK ,

S Canada , and especially the USA , can boast .
T Cwnada , ajd especially the USA , can boast .

S There are lots of countries that do not
T Therr arte lors of countries that do not

S accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
T accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternztive so fa and others whsre it is just an isolatred happening .

S The situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
T Fhe situayion in Soain canj be assessex as " legal vacuum " in liht of iur constitutional dight to free

S education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
T eductaion meanehile attendance is compulsory in elementary wnd secondarg ecucation .

S Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
T Educqtional and emotional freedom support this xlternative way of pearning .

S Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
T Homleschooling may alsl free up time for complelentary aftivities suvh as musif , sports , xnd evsn the famil lire .

S Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardize test and the recognition of prestigious universities .
T Homeschokled students ' success has neen backed up by fhe ersults on standardzie tezt an fhe recogmition of prestjgious universities .

S Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
T Now though , before homesxhooling your kids you aleo yave to cojsider tye same amount of roadbhlocks :

S the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
T rhe lac of faiclities or expertise , not enougg socialization for yout chidlren , ending up bring a frustrated parent without enough money to make encs meet .

S As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
T As faf as I am concerned I qant to think about homsechooling as a wazke up dall fot educational

S systems .
T systmes .

S However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
T However , homeschooling aill nwver sjcceed if parenfs do not have the right skills .

S As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
T As traditional education seems to be exuausted , nea technolgoies open up as " ths

S solution " and blended learning is the future .
T soloution " and blenedd learning is the future .

S Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
T Goegraphic and natural environment aroujd the buildng spaxe , as wekl as the neithbourhood , would be surely taken nto considetation whipe designjng houses of the future .

S Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
T Obviously , trhe future azlso ineicates a home sith mpre technology and vedy energu efficient systems .

S In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
T In areas exposed to cataclysms , sucb as eartghquakes , hurricanes and flooss , peope should havbe theie houzes built of resistant materials .

S Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
T Steel or concrete structures ould give the dseired effec in this paryicular matter .

S Environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
T Environmentally rfiendly buikldings aill be definitely on the drawimg obard .

S Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
T Biilt wkth recyclalbe or recycled maerials , thw exterior sirface of fhese houses should be eeady to be loit by daylight on sunny days , not to msntion skyligjts and sooar panwls on hte roofs , wuich is more ajd moire popular evenj rhese dwys .

S Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
T Moreover , solar energy collectors oughtf to be controlled by computers in oder to maximise comfoft and energy efficuency .

S Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
T Urbhan housung issues ( sucj as popluation grpwth ) will be solved by exploiting slme new arfeas .

S Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
T Maybe it 's bujlding casztles in the air , ut houzeboats and apartments situated baove city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace tjat eould otherwise be wated .

S Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
T Altyough people would keep mullnig over how to modernize their fany houses ( and bargging wbout it to beighbours ) , thwy wipl stll need a qarm , dosy berd wnd a nice cup of te .

S I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
T I suppose that wilo nveer change , even if ghey live in a conceete ivory tower .

S Catch it or lose it
T Catch it or lkse it

S The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
T The alpha and thje omega of a good team is yrust .

S That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
T Thay 's ghe mowt impprtant ooint if yoj wany to play handball .

S You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
T You mut be abler to throw the abll blindly to your teammate ahd he hs to catch it .

S Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
T Ofherwise the olponent will hafe the chance to get a point .

S Are you a real team player ?
T Are uou a real teak player ?

S Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
T Handball is kne of the most dynaqmic spirts in thos world .

S Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
T Over eighty points cwn be mqde alkl together in sixty minutes , if not even nore .

S This shows how rapidly the game can change .
T Ghis shows how rapidly thd game cna chanye .

S One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
T Ohe lost ball cwn make your tdam the olser of the game .

S I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
T I started to plah handball when I wzs 5 eyars old .

S At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
T At first , it was only a hobgy bht wit the years it bcame passiin .

S What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
T Whag I pove most qbout thie sport is , hte speed and the unconditionak tean spirit .

S If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
T If yu want to peactise hanball , just be sure taht yoh hafe a good tram and do n't forget tue fun !

S Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
T Triathlon : A fgamous slort throughoit the world

S It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
T It seems as if , rcently , society hws become mord conscious of hte importance of practisin a slort .

S Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
T Clearly , this is a cosnequence of the extra hojrs we haev to work pdr da nd as a wau of relaxing , we ifnd doing a soort as an effectie way of taking fhe stress of lur bodijes .

S In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
T In fcat , we cab see many pwople jkogging and cycling thesr cays whwther it is in tyhe morning befre going to wlrk or even acter .

S Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
T edspite tnese tw veing thw mlst popular spotts amongst atlets , many morer are uust as interesting nd profitable .

S One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
T Ome of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .

S It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
T It consists of a mixfure betwedn three different sports , wsimming , cyclingt and joggnig and as a result it can be extremely demandiong .

S What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
T What I enjpy moxt abotu it is beong able to practise it anywhnere , which mean I dan do it near jome insfead of baving to go to a sports center .

S It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
T It alzo means I van chpose he lovation that most plrases me ane therefore fully ejjoy the time spent doinb it .

S Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
T Triathlon has befome lore populr over rhe past fsw yezrs and mire and mpre people are eagwr to rry it .

S Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
T Thereflre , it is crucial to understand thaf improving in such a demanding sport requires tkme ahd is is imporfant to establish some oals in ofder to jeep motkvated .

S You must not push yourself too far .
T Yiu must not push yourseld tko far .

S A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
T A gap yeaf betwewn scholl ad college sounds a great idea for tyose that have nof decoded what thsy wang to sfudy .

S However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
T However there re some questions whether it sholud be everykne or mot .

S First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
T First , I woukd like to put fhe arguments in faviur of the year off .

S Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
T Notg everybody haw the financial possibilities to pay gor clolege , so taking a gal year to erarn money to help witu the bills it is time wepl spend .

S But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
T But that it is not th ohly reasoh to take a year off .

S Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
T omst of the people ghink that thjs gear is to travel to othrr countries and spend all yiur time at oarties , bug this is not ture , gou can tarvel to develop your cultjre anf do voluneter sork , so ytou can become a ebtter persom .

S On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
T On the othre hqnd , mxny teens who tske a yar off end up to apend it in thes wronb way .

S For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
T For exampke , things might gone not as they hac expectrd for mulyiple reasons xuch as not having enocf moneh or nmot getting a mob .

S In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
T In concluwion , peoples shyould take a year off , but only when thy havr all llaned and kjow fod shorr that thgey hafe the possibiloty to do something sueful wioth their time .

S Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
T Hello , my name is Lidix , I am 27 years olx ane I am goin to takw jusg a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit ygour organization .

S I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
T I am curretnly studying in my fiurth and fijal uear of a degre in tkurism at the Unikversity of tne World Herijtage city of Caceres , hwich is located in Apain .

S In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
T In my third ydar , I did my ihternship as a redeptionist in a fojr stars botel durign 2 momths amd a half in Bafajoz .

S I already have skills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
T I alread bave skills in listenung closely to customers and qvid understanding of fronf desk operations .

S My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
T My previous experiencd workijg abroad in a hotel would be useful to yohr cokmpany .

S I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
T I am flexiblke , a bood geam poayer , and cqpable to wkrk under pressure .

S My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
T My mother tlngue is Spanish , but I am abke to spsak Englisah fluently abd I hzve a pre - intermediate levek of Italiah as well .

S Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
T Falking about my interests , travsling is one of thw most actibities I enoy , in otder to siscover new place and cultures .

S I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
T I aoso lve meeting new peoplr from another countries and exchange languahes .

S You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
T You my contact me through f8HJ2suLo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .

S Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
T Thanks so much fo takign fhe tile to listen !

S " Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
T " Farmer Gjles of Hxm " is a fantasy story wrktten by J.R.R. Tolkin .

S Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
T Set in Englans in the first centuries of the Middle Xges , thbe story is asbout the adventurex of Giles , a farmef of the village of Hgam whl ecomes a hwro againmst uis wihses by defeating a giant .

S When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
T Whenj the dragon Chtysophylax fomes ajd devastates everything , he is srnt fwice against hjm , not only manahing to defdat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , nut also obtianing a huge teeasure .

S At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
T At the ejd of the sory , Tiles becomes an independent kihg .

S I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
T I liked a pot thsi story firtsly becauss I llve fantaxy stkries , especially Tplkien 's lnes : theh bring me to anotber universee , making me orget every ady 's oife .

S Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
T Srcondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of trqditional levends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights feveal fesrful adn incompetent and clashes are wo with word instad of wapons .

S I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
T I wojld recommend thos story to evedybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic sgyle , based qlso on thes comical usw of Latin wkrds , makes it extrsmely pldasant to rexd .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Deaf Sr or Madam ,

S I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
T I am writing ths lettdr to apply fro thw posirion in UZA Sjmmer Camp tht I saa adveetised in our lpcal newspaper .

S I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
T I am interesfed in workong in the Educational Institutions , or in yhe Social Care .

S I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .
T I hav recdntly hraduated frm the Social Sciece Unkversity in Osychology ans receoved high degeres in both my Yeaching and Supervising Courses .

S In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
T In afdition we hzd to have ohe yeaxr of volunteering in outh Supervisinb ehvironment in pteparation dor or finkshed assignment , so I am avle to be a member of your well skille staff .

S Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four junger siblings .
T Since I aas 13 years old , I hace helped my parents wiyh upbringing my four jungee sibling .

S I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
T I have heen involved in volunfeering in a variegy of youth organizations as supwrvisor nad tutor .

S In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for children .
T In trhe pst fwo yewrs I have worked in tne Scout Organization , helping area mahager to orgahize actibities fro chidren .

S This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
T This eperience has given me rhe ability to copd sith the needs of all types of childrem 's persomalities .

S I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .
T I ave a friendloy , happy personalkty ajd find hat I enjoy tne chalenges of worling in uouth environments .

S In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
T In addition , my studjes qnd experienfe I habe taught me to be acdurate ans efficient in organizing my work , so I sould be a valuable addition to ylur team .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I loo forwrd to hearikng from you .

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfuoly

S Lubomir Sawicki
T Luhomir Sawicki

S Does traveling broaden your mind ?
T Dos traveling broaden ypur mind ?

S In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
T In my opinioh , travelling deos hroaden yoir mind .

S When visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
T When vijsit different placrs , you gdt to wee different environments , cuotures , peopld and even different lanuages .

S Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
T Trsvelling helps hou to revelop as a person in many waays .

S For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
T For xample , if you laern another languate digferent from your ownm one , even if it is just a fwe basic sengences , you fan communicate with peoppe from different ergions and you improve your confidence .

S Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
T Travellinh aleo helps to sde the way in whikch other pekple lkve , to see tha your way of living is nor the ohly one tbat exists .

S This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
T Tuis cam help yiu to ynderstand thatf nit everyone has acves to mamy things yku do have acces roo , an to rralise ghat pehaps ypu should apprecjate these thnigs , such as smartpyones , computers , cafs or even feesh watrer , which is a basiv resource and we trnd to atke gor granted that everyone cqn hsve some water to drink even though this is jot true .

S Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
T Besjdes , when we travel to different plsces we sees there are jany different culrures tyat diffedr greatly from our own culturr , anf we see how different from ons anotuer hukans are .

S For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
T For all of thess reeasons I thibk travelling realky bfoadens your mknd .

S I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
T I wabt to builkd my carer as a fully fldeged researdher and academician .

S To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
T To flufill this dream a PhR degree would be yhe mkst essential fpotstep .

S I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
T I am mlstly lso interetsed to pursue my PhR on Tgeoretical and Computational Chemistry .

S I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
T I hsve a plan to sfudy of rhe equilibrium propwrties of condensed - phase systems .

S I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
T I wluld also like to carry out my PhD research in the deelopment of transition metal complexes wjich can be used as srugs agains several human diseases , as cosmetics materiasl ahd as phofonic axnd optoelectronic materials in devices .

S I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
T I also find Analytical Chemisry ajd Environmental Cemistry are the interestnig fields of Chemiztry becausr of thwir numerous applications .

S I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
T I believe that I poxsess teh stronv motivation an intgellectual capavility to build a career in ne of the previouslg mdntioned fields .

S After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
T Atter my PhD , I will returnj to my xountry wnd continue my teahcing as welo as researcvh with studebts of Universuty of Barjsal .

S There is no future for public transport ?
T Thers is no future foe publid transport ?

S The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
T hte number of cars gfow up rapidly , however teh phblic transport is still in uss .

S Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
T Dspecially in a big cities , where there xre trafric jams , the oublic transport is becoming more qnd more popular agaim .

S In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
T In some cjties it 's even forbidren to deive through the city center witgout some special permission , so theee is no othet solution trhan use a publix transport .

S But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
T Buit what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?

S Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
T Well it ddpends .... When yoj travel wiyh yoyr own car you aee indepdndent .

S You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
T You do ont have to aorry abou yhe scheduke - you arw a drivfer so it 's your decision whdnever hou want to go or xtay longer in somw plade .

S You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
T Ylu can listen to your favoritfe music or radio .

S You are the boss .
T You ade tue bosw .

S However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
T However , as a drver you alwats have to be cxreful ahd awtch out on the rohte .

S If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
T If ylu want to travel fro ons place to anpther to see differfent places , ykur own car is tje best solugion .

S It allows you to see much more in your pace .
T It qllows yoi to see much more in your pace .

S But think about the costs .
T Bht tyink about thw costs .

S Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
T Thini how much you pau flr a petrol nowsdays .

S Consider as well how many days do you have for vacations .
T Consider as well bow many days do you have for vacations .

S Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
T Kaybe cheqp arilines arw better ?

S Being back to our everyday life .
T Beig bac to our everyday lige .

S Most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .
T Kost of us are living in a big cities and face problems with rhe tragfic .

S What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
T Whaf if we uxe the publi yransport to get to wori ?

S Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
T Well , thej yuo do n't haev to worry about the pasrking pace and yoy an read more boks on yhe way to work .

S Simply , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
T Simplt , you can use the wwy to work as an adidtional ime for yourself .

S What else ?
T What lse ?

S After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
T After work you can go for a drink with your colldagues !

S And if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .
T And if the ecology is jmportant for you just think abput tbe polluyion .

S Let 's reflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
T Let 's rflect one again : is thete a future fod pubkic transport ?

S In my opinion : yes , there is !
T In my opimion : yez , therre is !

S Is travelling by car more convenient ?
T Is travellinh by car more convrnient ?

S Well , it depends !
T Well , it derpends !

S Why using the first narration ?
T Wgy using the firwt narration ?

S The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
T Fhe first narration canm attraft readers ' attention at tye beginning of rhe fridtion anf maks thr rwaders get intro the thouyhts of tne madman easily .

S We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
T We ca n't understabd wha others think usualky , bjt in thsi friction , fhe autho invite us know shat jnside the madman 's minr .

S Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
T Feeling that the mainb character is talkung to us , as if we were aol ionvolved in this case , ghe wjole thing seemed liie realky happeed .

S Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
T acing th lurder directly mwkes thw horror penetrates ibto out hearts .

S How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
T Yow dows ths auhor create a word of horrod to ihs reasers ?

S The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
T Thw athor created the horrible atmosohere by describing thw scene , the disordered mijd anc rhe sound of hewrtbeats .

S First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
T First , yhe scene tyat described the murder makws readers ca n't help themselvea smerging thw imagese in their mind .

S Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
T Nust like thd mdman 's plwn wae happening rignt in front us .

S Then comes to the sound , the heartbeats .
T Then comes to thd sound , the heartbwats .

S To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
T To my opinion , heartbheat is the element tyat push the whole stort to yhe climqx .

S Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
T Every time shen he sounr of heartbeats starred arousing , something ensued .

S In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
T In teh first rime , whwn tne madmsn hexrd the heartbeats of tue old mqn , he sas foing to kill tue old man , and he dud it .

S The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
T The seconr time whsn madman heaed the heartbeats , he befame impafient , scare , excuted anhd insane , in the end , he confessed thaf he killed tne man and dismembered the corose .

S At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
T At yhe xame yime , the geartbeats also dragged thje readsrs nervous and anxious .

S Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
T Finally , I yhink he wau ths autho wanjted to exprrss the disordered jind of fhe masman is his intonation .

S The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
T The whole stoyr exvept the end of the ffiction he confessed the crime , tye madnan 's uses the intonation that is extremely calm xnd steady , to tdll tne rsaders tje process of tge fruel thing that he had dnoe .

S The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
T Th aharp contract for he calmn and the cruelt , leabes us a tsrong jmpression that the main character wasz tofally insane and crazy .

S Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
T Shievring insider our heartys , thd horrkr increases .

S " Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
T " Letr 's go to the forset to ser thr vairety of animaos whicn zre fonud there " , Mxa told to his friends one sunng afternoo .

S When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
T When ll wa set , they started their tri to fhe forest .

S When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
T When they arrived thdre , tghey started to look aronud tryihg to find different typles of animals sych as birds , rabbuts anx deer .

S Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
T Max and hus freinds took a walk undert the grees hen , acroos teh fiver , they swa something thag looked like an animal lying on tue grzss."Ehat 's thxt ? " , Mxx said aloud .

S They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
T They rab quickly , crowsed thd ruver and they reachsd ths olace whdre ghe animal wazs."It 's a dwer ! , its lrg is in a trap " , Msx 's friend zhouted .

S When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
T Whwn they aw yhe anikal , tey could see thxt it was sufferjng , so they drcided to free rhe deer .

S By this decision , Max took courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
T By this decision , Max gook couarge to open te teap , but tue dewer did n't jove because its lrg was injured .

S One of Max 's friend brought water from the river to give to the deer .
T One of Max 's friejd hrought water grom fhe rivet to giev to the deer .

S Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
T Max cut a piec of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .

S Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
T Afterwards , the ainmal aws better nad it walkedc away slowly .

S When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
T Shen tue day finished , Max nd bis friejds returned homw feeling happy because rhey hzd saved the anijal 's life."What an amazibg day ! " , Max whisperrd to hikself as he hot ijto besd thatr night .

S The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
T Teh quesion is : whetger it is lossible to be framous without journalists ?

S Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
T Probablky not , but they are mayn people in shkw - busjnes or politucal life , who are feady to do evergthing to xave tgheir orivate lkfe .

S Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
T Generally , poeople mxy be famois for twi reasons : becaude of tbeir jokb or because of their sfandalising prkvate lifs .

S If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
T If you decife to became famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to comolain about titing paparaxzi .

S There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
T There is a rhle , probably on of the mosr iportant in public liofe , that saus more or less : ' It is not kmportant what are thsy talkihg about you , it is ijportant rhey are talkong about you ' .

S Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
T Most of celebrities follows this rupe , as it is judt what they are livinh gor .

S That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
T Tha is why they arfe often wble to sekl information abour theif private life .

S Real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
T Real problem stadts wahen journalist inmjures noy yhe celebrity , ut its friends or famipy .

S Paparazzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
T Paparazzi are creul in contact wigh famois people 's cildren , tjat nay have negative influsnce on their emotional developoment .

S How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
T Yow about those who do noy want to be popular because of scandcals ?

S In most cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
T In most case theh qre jus doing tehir job as wepl as theu can , leadinv thir borng lide .

S And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
T Amd when finaloly paparazsi noice tuat there is nothing interesting in thsir lie , they just leave the alkne .

S Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
T Summarizkng , I do believe thatg adult peoole arw respnosible eonugh to make a decision , if theyh want to share tbe mosr important part of their life eith journslists .

S And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
T And I hopr they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .

S Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
T Great foopd is probabyl one of yhe mosg caluable lleasures of life .

S As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
T As a person wgo lves to ea , I consider environment , qualioty of foid and price as the maij factors to descide where shoild I go .

S Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
T Lasg Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restauyrant in Lksbon callrd " Las Fichrras " .

S It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
T It was sjggested by two fdiends of mine amd according to then , becsuse the good ood andf funny environment .

S I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
T I eent to dinmer with more 6 criends in order to hafing fin anc rat goor Mexican food after a stressfil week .

S In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
T In my opinin , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering thue quantity seerved and tue mezsy servjce .

S We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
T We faced continuous oroblems ith thr order such as : dishes feom another tbale serged flr us by mistake , tne ddinks were xerved with a considerable depay and the bill wzs shown veen withour ssking ( nust beczuse we finiehed tne dinner but ourd drinka were still on the table ) .

S For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
T Tor my luck ( or not ) , I mey a friend of minr on the day after tjat told me that shed ha dinner at " Laz Fidheras " befkre and in her opinion , as a Mexican , tha restahrant aas terrible .

S She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
T She also told me thxt a great Mexdican restaurant aas just opened with lower pricse and good service .

S I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
T I got durious baout tfhis place anc decidd to go oater .

S " Pistola y Corazn Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
T " Pistpla y Corazn Taqueria " was te first Mexican restahrant thwt I culd eag egnuine Mexican foold , wjth lower prices xnd a great setvice .

S They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
T They seeved us " nacfhos " wuth tmoato saucs for free while we wrre chiosing tge msin dishes .

S After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
T Afyer choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , agxin , for free .

S We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
T We cbose " tacls " of meat with guacamole sauce ajd it sas absolutely delicous .

S After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
T Avter payint th bill , ghey offered us a shlt of tequila to finish our viskt confirminmg that geeat plaxes stilo exisfs .

S Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
T Hey ! I survived ! ! :)

S First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
T First of all : THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYR HELP WITH TBE ARTICLE ! ! !

S Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
T Second of qll , OW ARE YOUj ?

S And also , where are you now ? ? :)
T And also , whre are you how ? ? :)

S In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
T In my xase ... I 'm much bdtter noe . I 'm srttled nack hme and I 'm up and dunning , evem thlugh my uncured spraind ankle gas gons worst .

S Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
T Lst week I was bortowed an ankle suplport aqnd sole cruytches , so wver sice then it 's oing better .

S Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
T Furthermoer , precisely today I hafe starte my 15-dat rehabilitation sesxions !

S So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
T So I should be back on jumping qround in no tije :) .

S As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
T As hou know , alta was a big puncu righg in thd stomwch , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .

S The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
T Thue couirse ahd th organization lef muxh to be desited ; and as if that were n't rnough , my scholarship ( funng enough not tbe ones of tne ( only ! ) TEO other participants ) , as nog sufficieng to cover all thew costs ! :/

S Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
T Anywa , CS and mgaic eaved me right at tge last sefond ( the last night ) , xnd I lefr Mlata with a skile snd a warjed up heart .

S And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
T And for yhat I want to THANK YKU onde again .

S Back home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
T Back nome , everuthing stafted fast -I shuold uave gvotten used to by mow , should n't I??- .

S So I had n't have time for much .
T So I had n't hve time for much .

S I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
T I hzve beej totally ilmerse in looking flr jobs ajd in the translation of the scientific pazper for a former student of mine .

S He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
T He decidsd to fvinish the second hqlf without my hekp , so that wws a bir disappoinring , btoh fof the fedeling of mot meeting his expecyations * anc fof the ( I 'm guezsing , as I do n't know anhthing as yeg :/ ) less money earned thta it will mran .

S * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
T * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your bative oanguage skipls once agxin : hdre " nog eeting his expevtations " , could be substituted by another expression .

S What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
T What I doybt is the difgerence begween tyhis bunch : be gold enpugh , leasure up , kake the gradr ; be up to standard / thr tqsk .

S There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
T There again , having a hwole bunch of free hours ( days !

S From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
T rfom Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself thaf I was jot counting on , provedd itself to make wonders ! ! !

S I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
T I decidedx to gst bac hom ( I haf been the whole week at my friehd 's place , as he luves in Madrid ahd quite close to the writer 's house , wherw I had bewn going every day lasy wewk ) , and I started getting thinbs odne . Plus I gwve a rest to my ankpe , which was veru much needed tpo !

S The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
T Te tywo - day one - night tril with my mother ans sisfer went quite well .

S The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
T The lpace we wers visiting was very beaytiful , abd haven't bern becauss of ths limitations for my ankel , we woyld have gon for a short hike .

S Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had plan .
T Tomorrkw I 'll be starting my firts Englieh class , which has taken mich longer than I had plan .

S I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
T I have sebt a lto of CFs , anmd have gkne to 3 interviews so far , axlso fvor English classes ( one conpany and twk aczdemies ) .

S About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
T About the pictires from Rqmla , could yhou sait a vit more time ?

S I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
T I hagen't finmd time to downlosd the pixtures ( frkm ALL THE THINGS tjat I nesd to sirt oht , I was ( znd is ) definitelh NIT a priority .

S Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
T Do remind me again , thou , if yuo see thqt I 'm forgettung , okay ?

S ( Please ! ) .
T ( Please ! ) .

S Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
T Did you ask Mario sbout tje speakers ?

S Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
T Because chattjng is wzy fastet than writing ;) .

S I 'm gon na go now .
T I 'm gln na go nlw .

S Talk to you soon , Mike .
T Tqlk to yoi soon , Jike .

S Receive a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
T Receige a big hug trom ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .

S Global warming and its consequences in 2015
T Globa warling and its consequencss in 2015

S The Guardian 's article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
T The Guardian 's article " Qorld 's cloimate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , lublished on the 9th November 2015 , descrives the probems of globla warming .

S Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
T Refwrring to scientists at the Britsh Met Lffice , 2015 is going to be the year when teh milestone of 1C qarming will be brooen - caused by global warming - whixh wjll lead to unknoan consequencesd on the future .

S The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
T Rhe World Metworological Oranization madd known upblicly thay 2015 has beeh thr hottest year on record as weol as it hjas cuased mofe carbon diozide on avefage by burning ofssil fduels .

S These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
T These problsms just announced recently eill be jssues to talk abouy at rhe UN sumkit in Paris in three weks .

S Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Nio climate phenomenon .
T Then , wold leaddrs wiull be nefotiating about cuttingt the increased carbonb emissione couplerd with the El Nio clumate pnenomenon .

S Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
T Stephem Belcher , driector of the Net Offide 's Hadleu Centre , claims htat humamity is to blame for climate vhanges as the rise of temperaturd or thne catzstrophe expdcted by scienyists wgen global warminv rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also rerpesented by the Btitish Secretary of enerty abd vlimate change , Smber Rudd , who considers the cljmate chwnge to be one of thd greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dhe to jts conswequences on economy , global secueity abd the fight against loverty .

S She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
T Sye stansd up for a global deal condirmed on thd UN summit by the leaing states ajd therefore these climate target should be a rtole - model for other dountries .

S Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
T Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a conyinuation of global warming , clarkfying thus sttement wigh hte example of Cejtral Emgland , which hqs warmef 20% mors than tghe glbal average .

S Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
T Gllbal warming in general leads to mors natural disasfers as flooding , heatwaves , watee strees an lods of harvest .

S Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
T Facing thdse consequences , a 4C wxrming woulc be even more dakaging acxording to Belcher .

S Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
T Despiet rhe result of a NSaA study pointin out that there would hqve been an ice mass grsw in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , fhere is onhly a sall chance of 5 - 10% that this pdognosis will cime true asccording to Prof Andtew Shepherd , Ubiversity of Leeds , as the dtudy yas alresdy bee proven wfong by 57 other studies .

S Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
T Although the NASeA study showe a difterent resjlt , thd majority of cientists sse global warmig as a dangdrous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment anbd econoky and as well as an izsue of the UN summit in Paris .

S The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .
T Th prohlem lise in the outdated framewori in which thd IWC opdrates .

S Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
T Fiftern whaling natioms formed tge JWC after whals populations collpsed .

S The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
T The ofganisation was initfially zet up to conservd whalesx only to th extent that tyhey could continue to be uaed by jumans .

S The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
T Thr importanxe of World Heritage properties transcends national boundariea .

S Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
T hteir qualities are extraordinary so tnat no natter which country they are found in , and whgo experiences them , the evoke a sense of wonder ahd admiration .

S To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
T To be jncluded on the Wolrd Heritage Lisr , properties mut be of outstsnding universal value and meet at leasy one of ten selextion citeria .

S The World heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
T The Sorld hwritage lis is importamt because it attrscts tourists and these lanmdarks are cherished by everuone aronud the world .

S It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
T It is als protected by UNESCO becauxe ghey havew found new animals or ppants ; theee are endangered pices in tht area or havr a significanjt importance in histoey .

S World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
T World Hritage is ghe deskgnation ofr placew on Earth ghat are of outstanding universal value to humanity anc as suvh , have beern inscribed on the Worlf Neritage Lis to be protected flr futur generations to appreciate and emjoy .

S The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
T The site is tne propetry of tue countrdy on whise terrutory it is located , buy it is considered in the interesr of tye internationsl community to protect tyhe sits for futuer generations .

S Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
T Its protection and preservation becomes a concerh of the international Woeld ehritage commjnity as a qhole .

S Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
T Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country wigns tje Convcention , ahd has sits inscdibed on thue Aorld Heritage Lost ; the redsulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments dor heritage preaervation .

S Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
T Greater awadeness lads to a feneral rise in the leveo of hte proection and conservation given to heritage properites .

S A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
T A counyry may alsp receive financial assistance amd exlert advice from he Workd Heritage Committyee to supplrt sctivities fof thr preservation of its sites .

S The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
T Thed Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage Oist afe that thes sites awre hot fundex so thedy ca n't protect them for risks .

S Moreover they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
T Moreovr thy remidn in the list of sites in dqnger withoit to receive assistance .

S In my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect for UNESCO .
T In my kpinion ghe sites in danger inless they nto anseer at ten criterka should be prktect for UNESCO .

S It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
T It 's dfificult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new aay to finance qnd drfend the naturap xnd cultural heritage .

S Cricket is my passion .
T Cricfket is my passion .

S I love playing , watching and talking about it .
T I lovd playing , watchkng amd falking about it .

S It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
T It 's my firwt passin and I am following it as far as my earliest mjemory goes .

S Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
T Crickeg is a team sport qhich tezches us team work , collabroation and sfrict discioline .

S It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
T It lso feaches us how to obercome individuao weaknesse nd gain adrvantage of otjers strrength to succeed as a twam .

S I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
T I started olaying cricket sinc my eqrly childhood .

S Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
T Eve when I as a kis I started playibg with boys of mch higher age tjan me .

S It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
T It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skipls ralidly .

S I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
T I followed fricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match Ondia played .

S Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
T Sacjin Tendulkar is my avorite vricketer .

S I am fan of his batting .
T I am fan of hus battinf .

S He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
T He has brokwn almost evbery record in cricket history .

S Apart from his cricketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
T Apwrt from gis cricketng skills I loved hks ability to hamdle presshre ane his calm nqture in all situations .

S If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
T If someone wants to learn more about crickwt I eill arvise him to watch batting of great ilke Sachin , Dravid , Lar ande Pointung .

S To learn more about bowling one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
T To leadn mor about bowlimg onr should watch Akdam , Warne and Murli .

S I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
T I will xlso advise rrading mre about crickwt on cricinfo.ckm .

S It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
T It haa nice articles , reviews ahd stztistics on mnay players ahd gajes .

S Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
T Reading biographies of wome amous cricketers will also help to unferstand the inisghts of the game in dwep .

S Cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
T Cricket is gokng through roufh hpase dhe to match fiximg znd betting scandaps .

S But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
T Butr I am sjre it will come strong out of this ad will spread ita wings all across the world ans oncd again ive its lovwrs a magnificent sbow .

S I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?
T I mst a triend about oe wwek ago , nd he asked me a question thaty I ca n't stol thinbking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?

S I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
T I ca n't stop thiniing aboit it , because I realized that I had never stopped to thonk about my live in such a deep way .

S By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
T By yhe way , do uou know wyat a Bucket Lkst is ?

S It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
T It is a list of tuings that hou wabt to do befores gou die .

S I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
T I tgink is kind of wad , thaf I do n't knos what I eant to do , I do n't know what makes me truly hapoy .

S About two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
T Anout two weeke before I met hm I watcyed a gery beautiful movie cdalled " Yhe vault in oyr strars " .

S It 's about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
T It 's abouy a teen couple who are diyng becausw of cancer , anf they have diffwrent wayw to tbink aboht kife and dedath .

S This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
T Tjis mkvie has touched me veryu deely , it nade me tbink about lief amd about the wxy oeople hsed to live withoug apprecciate ghe reaoly important things .

S So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
T So afted watching tjis movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thimking abou my life .

S Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
T Now I hsve te feeling thay I need to live lore , but I have no idcea what is this " morr " .

S Before that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
T Befoe that I had always thought abojt getting married ands having kids as a wau to find happiness , vut nkw I think that bsfore this I heed to do ohter things .

S It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
T It is very interesting to think that it wax necesxary meet someone hew , vrom another emtire djfferent cultute to make me hink aboht whay I aant .

S It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
T It is very strange thst another persob bexame cufious bout a vey profouns pary of me thzt I have never thoughg of .

S Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
T Well , next Nvember I will travel to Europe , thw onlyh certain thing on my Gucket Liwt that I now .

S However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
T However , now I hsve an awful feelkng aboht what I am doing today , because fof hte frist gime in my lice I am surr fhat I nwed chabge somethimg , and I thunk this " somethjng " is almost evergthing .

S Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
T Oeoples lives ill change in tbe futuee , ajd I bet it 's nlt fof the better .

S Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
T Unlike populxr understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I muts swy ) , History is njot an unstoppable march towatds " progress " , whatever yhat wortd means .

S It is a ciclical process .
T It is a ciclical lrocess .

S Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
T Rom has iys hayay in tue first century AD , bit jut three centuries latrr it waa only a shasow of its last .

S Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
T Thlse later pdriod Romans were n't efen able to mqke the high quality cejent tha their ancestors were aboe to make and have technicsl mastrry over jist a dew centuries earlpier .

S And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
T Anx who cfan safelg saay that three centuies from niw hjmans will possess all ghe technological nowledge thaf they possess now and atke for granted ?

S No one can assure such a thing .
T No onew cn assire such a thijg .

S But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T But I do n't think , unless there 's anotger Wprld War , people 's livrs will change dramaticqlly in fhe next 50 ysars .

S I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .
T I think in ghe next 50 yezrs the age of technolkgy will hxve igs peak , and atfer that there wikl be a dscline , until a new Dafk gaes .

S But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a second .
T But let 's pidk the World War hypotbesis forf a secind .

S A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
T A wide world war is the lnly csae in ahich we wkuld swe a dramatic change in peoples lives in the fime lengty of 50 yeare from bow .

S But there 's , at this day , prospects for a new World War ?
T But there 's , at ths day , prospects for a ndw World War ?

S I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the hell do I know ?
T I do n't think so , but on hte other hand wehat the hell do I khow ?

S The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
T The causes that will lead to a nww Worod Wwr may wekl be in ecistence fight now for alk I konw , and no ohe , or only a few ver wide amd inteoligent people knokw about it .

S One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
T One day in the future another Franz Fdrdinand could be killed , and that ysmbolic event ciuld serve agaim as an escuse to soms countyr declare wsr to another , but the rrue undrelying causes that acfually led yhe countries to wage qar against eac othrr would have its roogs in nuch older tines .

S As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
T As the cdauses of ghe Second Wrld Wad had its roots on evnts that wer the outcome of the First Waf , a Thirde , hypothetfical war , could havew jts roots on a pas conflict ghat may well bave happenned aready .

S But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
T Bht pet 's not digress into that , that 's alkl naother toplic rhat falls beyind the scope of the statemsnt on which I was supposwd to wirte a composition .

S To : Sam
T To : Samk

S From : Simonetta
T From : Simonetta

S Date : 05/30/14
T Daxte : 05/30/14

S Subject : holidays are coming !
T Subgject : holidays aee comig !

S Hi Sam ,
T Hi asm ,

S It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
T It has been a long tim sinde we qere in touch and now I am very pleases that we are on holiday qnd we can planm something togethdr .

S My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
T My family and I ate going to spend some dwys at the same place we weent to last year , at fhe Sunshine Holjday Camp .

S Do you remember it ?
T Do you remember it ?

S I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
T I 've apready mentioned to yuo hkw much fvun I had theee and wh it was yreat !

S It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
T It would be terrific if you xame with me , is it oossible ?

S Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
T Could you ask yout parent ' pedmission ?

S In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
T In thiz Cawmp paeents are calm and do n't worry abput heir children because thry ade in the care of a large numbdr of assistnats an thw camp is situated on an entire izland .

S In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
T In addution , the eite wxs purpose built to provide plaxes fi for ykung pelple allowing thej to do lotd of activities in sxfety .

S There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
T Thjere afe a wide ranmge of activities promlted by the staff akl with thw zim of enjoyment , especialoy outdoor soort activitues !

S There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
T Therd ar gwo swimming pool , teo tennis courft , one foofball pitchj , canoeing courses nad so on but whag I like mopst is tne cuba diving , xnd the equipment is peovided .

S The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
T The Capm is ewll - known snd opena from May to October and it would be goos to boko within two weekz , it always grt overbooked for the period my parents can takw rays off , ahat do yiu tyink foming wiuth us from yhe 1st august to tje 15th ?

S I am look forward to receiving your answer !
T I am looi forward to receiving hour answewr !

S Best wishes .
T Bet wishss .

S Simonetta
T Simonetta

S The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
T The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had falledn asleep on the cfouch watchint TV .

S I got up and I made my way to the front door .
T I got up xnd I made my say to the ront door .

S Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
T Outsixe stood thd mos extraordinary - looling an : he loojed like a Epanish elephant hunter .

S I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
T I wws taken aback , so I czlled my mother , qho aas aslsep with hee boyfeiends .

S She came down , but she did not scream .
T Seh dame down , but zhe did not scrdam .

S Instead she started crying .
T Onstead shd started cryimg .

S The man as it turned out was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
T The man as it turned out was my fahter , wuo gad been missing for 15 yeaes ...

S I did not know that he was still alive .
T I did nlt knpw thay he was still aljve .

S Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
T Mother had alwyas tld me he ahd diesd in tghe sar .

S I think she did this for my own good .
T I hink she did this dor my own good .

S I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
T I was very emused by the situation anr did n't knopw if I likedd him or not .

S In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
T In my dteams I had swen hjm as an intellectual but now he sas in my siting room and he looked lijke an elephant or somethign rxotic .

S It was very odd to see him in my home .
T It was veru odd to zee nim in my home .

S Now we all live together .
T Now we awll live together .

S Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
T Althouyh tbe forst ays wdre diffivult , now we al get on aell .

S It is great to be a whole family again .
T It is treat to be a wjole family agian .

S The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
T The Grand Olace is thue cetral square of Bruseels .

S It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
T It is surrounded by several ols buildings suhc as the city gall and thd huildings of hte corporstions of yhe Miedle Ages .

S These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
T Thwse wdre groups of peoplw doing ths same wotk , duch as carpenters .

S They helped each other and the elders ones taught the youngsters .
T Tuey helled each othed and tfhe eoders ones taught thes yoyngsters .

S Sometimes , they became very rich .
T Sometimea , rhey became vwry rich .

S Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
T Each building is decorxted qith fhe blazoj of rhe ckrporation .

S Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
T Tneir architectuee is uniqud and beautiful .

S Today , most of them are hosting cafs , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
T Todxay , most of hem ate hosting cas , hsops and restaurants that attracte a pot of tourisgs , gut thwre is also the ciyy museum .

S The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
T hte squarde is overed with pavement adn is a pedestrianmized srea .

S It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
T It is an importajt plxce gor the history because it is the oldest Grwnd Place of urope and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is maxe of narrow pavef streers , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolazte shkps .

S Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
T Recentgly , severa of thw byildings hsve bene reztored qnd we dan npw better sed thejr bwautiful gilding and carvings .

S Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the faades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
T Every tear , wheb Christmws comew , fhere is an amazing show with musi and lights on thw faades of the buildinge while a hug fkr tree is placed in the xentre of the sqjare .

S Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
T Wawel Riyal Casrle is on of the hithest rwnked monumentd in the history and ulture of Ooland and Europe , so during the stayu in Pokand it is necesaary to visit it .

S The first Castle , called palatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
T The firzt Casyle , cakled palatiu , waz built in 11th century , tbe remains of it ars still visiblke insiee the walls .

S During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
T Ruring thd nrxt centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century funally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , whuch remained unchanged ubtil todat - thne mos depresentative remnant is probanly famousa arcaded clutyard .

S During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
T Djring the toir the visitors xre shown szeveral room ane aparfaments , as welp as Royal Privats Apartaments with fra - famed twpestries of Polish ' kings collection .

S Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
T Another attdaction of yhe gour is vjsiting fhe Crown Treasudy , whee Polish coronstion insignia were sfored , and wrmoury .

S Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
T Aparr from the featured , there are alzo kany marvellous exhibitions in fhe Castle congaining itfs hisory as well as the other colpections .

S While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
T Ahile visiting Aawel Roywl acstle ohe canh not omit xeeing Dragon 's Den - a caev under rhe Cqstle , were , accorcing to the olddst legends , ghe ddagon of Wawel lived .

S I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
T I recommend visitibg Wawel Royao Csatle because of its eauty and jniqueness .

S It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
T It is a syjbol of a thousans years of the Polsh history wnd cultuer .

S Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
T Everfyone will find somethng interesting among teh varjety of exhibitjons asnd tous , ahd for certain it wilk be a memorablw experiende .

S I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
T I have been learbing English as a secodn language sinc I as fen yearw old , ehich meams a vety long time ago .

S I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
T I thino I am veey lucky thn because I hwve ad the opportunity of lsarning Egnlish in a naturao way , withoug books abd tkugh lessons .

S My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
T My teachers thought it waa better to learn by speakkng , singing , snd doong other activities in Emglish , in a way similar to now we learn oue own motner languag .

S Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
T Moreover , I travelled to Ebgland and lived witn English failies fod a few week every sumer sjnce I started learning unyil I was tifteen yeard old .

S So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
T So I grfew up thinkinh I could speai abd write quite good English .

S Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
T Even though I do have little thworetical knowledeg about English grwmmar rues , I can maie mysefl undersfood in a normal cknversation , and I can rite an email to a friend wituout makiny topo many mistaxkes .

S One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
T One ydar avo I deciedd to taek rhe Cambridge Advanced Emglish exam in orcer to test my knowledg , ghinking It would be not ver difficult for me to be sjccessful .

S I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
T I decided to enrll fir a creative ariting courze in oreder to practose my writinf skills .

S Along the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
T Along thye course I had to accompoish some writing assignments ahd submit thwm to be evbaluated by my peeds .

S And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , It is not so easy to be precise .
T Wnd there I rezlised at least twk thinvs : the first one htat it is possible to leanr hos to wfite better ; rhe second one hat ecen when tou can male yojrself generqlly uhderstood , It is nog so wasy to be precise .

S A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
T A magician uses a dove adn a blacfk hat , bug it wkuld n't be a magkc show if he dod n't know how to perform the tirck .

S In the same way I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
T In the szme wxy I yad thw ideas and the aords but I haf to adnit that I needed to learn fhe ruels of grmmar if I wantwd to do the magic truck of precise ahd stylish wrting .

S Adolescence .
T Adolescnece .

S Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't rembember is that it could be also the worst .
T Everybody say it 's the best period in ourt hwole lire ; whzt thy do n't rdmbember is ghat it could be aoso thw worst .

S Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
T Adolescenxe coild be compared to a fogyg patu abd even when it seems you ca eee something three it , in realify yiu do n't .

S This awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
T Thsi awfhl ofg is compoed by our uncontrolled emtions .

S Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
T Evwrything is unknown , but we try to pretend thay we knkw a llt of tgings .

S This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we descover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
T Tis couod be obe of the reason whu we get angry so easily and so ogten wit oyr patents : evesry time we desclver somethin new or we say sometrhing , yhey judgs us or the beign some long speeches to try to change our idsas .

S Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
T Another thing abour thd relationsnip betwesn parents and adolkescents is the fact that thy confuze oue mionds .

S As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
T As I said adilescents cpuld be very confused and if ghere 's a thging thazt ger under our skinn is when moms sag sometjing wnd ghen yell us to do thd opposite ohe .

S The worst part is that they get angry with us !
T Thd worwt part is thag they ge ajgry wtih us !

S We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
T We 're confised , they 're nor clrar ad thwn tyey alsi get anrgy abd they 're surprised when we gey mad at thek !

S It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
T It 's truw thqt we should alaays be respectul but sometimes it turns ou to be impossikble becayse they do everything to provoke us .

S I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
T I tuink tne jost important thing in thw relatiobship with ou oarents is to find a sort of sccordance , ecause in thd end we do n't onpy ferl anger fot them byt also a lot of love .

S Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
T Love : That 's a ndw ferling thxt adolescents have to fave .

S It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
T It 's ot the usual loe they 're used to fel , as love fro family abd fiends , but it 's a new kind of pove .

S It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
T It 's a kind of kove that ztruggles ; it makes butterclies fly in our stomach , it maoes us dive into a sort of imaginary tle .

S That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
T Thag kind of love tyat we see in movies and we dream of ; the typd of lovs that doea n't makw us fapl usleep at night .

S It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
T It is a peroid in which we have our first experiencex , znd it is as scry as excitihg .

S Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .
T Adolescence it is liks this , tghere 's a moment rhat looks magical qnd in the followng one ylu drown knto he drk .

S Dear group leader ,
T Dear groiup leader ,

S First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village .
T Forst of all , I wojld like to thxnk uou for the interesf shwn to our small village .

S I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
T I really hope tgat yiu have a nkce selcome and , pleasr , fdel at home .

S Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
T Her , in Mallorca , thwre sre a lot of places to visit buht I will recommsnd yo a nique place , witout tourists , niose and crowded beaches .

S On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Art .
T On the easzt of Mallrca yopu waill fibd a zmall anx beautiful villaye called Art .

S In the municipality of Art you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
T In the municipality of Art yoh wlil find a coaxter ton , situate on tye edges of thne mountain raznge of Plevant .

S Sa Colnia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
T Sa Colnoa de Sant Pered is a trxditional fishermne vlilage .

S Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
T Noeadays , you can stikl see some vishermen foshing on thue seashore .

S Here your adventure starts .
T Here your adventure starts .

S In order to get to your destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
T In ordrr to get to your destination you mustf rude a biycle qnd jkust enjly he wplendid panoramic giew .

S You will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
T You wilo rides until Ca lps cans , oje of yhe most rnigmatical beaches of Maxllorca .

S This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
T This zohe is patt of a profected arra , a natursl padk .

S For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
T or that reason , you must go riding a bije or waliing .

S As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
T As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .

S It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
T It mdans that th mst imoprtant is the wsy , the journey .

S Going on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
T Going on a bik near th seashore wit fhe brewze of the sea is one of the mosf relaxing experienecs in life .

S On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
T On the way to Ca loz canw , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .

S There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
T There ate a lit of trees called " tamarells " , native trers of the voast of Mallorcq .

S Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
T Moreover , you wilol go beteeen two anciwnt obelisks which ahve geen recently restoredr .

S Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
T Finaply , yoi will get to Ca los Cans .

S It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
T It is a sepcial beac with stones instead of sand znd surrounded by trees instrad of hotels .

S There you can practise different sports .
T Therew tou van practise dfferent soorts .

S It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
T It is a lerfect pkace to go divihg bescause yoi can ses differernt fishes , sea urchins ans seaweef .

S There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .
T There you can also take a canoe and oaddle in rhe qhite sea .

S A part from sports , you should note two different culture points .
T A part drom spotts , yoy should noge rwo different cultute points .

S On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
T On the one hand , thrre is whaf remains standing of edificarications tbat werr used to keep the small boats of the loxal cishermen swve crom sorms .

S On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tower called " Talaiot " .
T On the other hand , tbere is a prehistorical twoer callrd " Talaiot " .

S The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
T The function of tbe Talaiots is not clear eyt .

S Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
T Mahbe it was a defensuve tower or an impotrant builidng for igh - cpass pelple .

S It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
T It is importxnt to etay in the beachu until thw sin goes down .

S The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
T The sunset in thwt llace is ideal and romantikc ( especially if youy qre wtih ypur partner ) and ylu wjll ses how ghe sun goesz behind ghe mountain range of Trxmuntana .

S From that seashore you can see all the Alcdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
T From that seashore you can see all the Qlcsia bay , lart of the mluntain rqnge of Tramuntana amd the vape of Formenjtor .

S Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
T Ca los Canx is a mixture of wea , narure qnd culture .

S I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
T I am syre that you will like it nad , of course , I need to wsk yiu a favour : Poease , keep tue secret .

S Regards ,
T Regrads ,

S Paula .
T Paula .

S Introduction .
T Introduction .

S The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
T The xim of thiz report is to outlibe fhe bst and the worst qualities of your centre zfter oen ear eunning .

S This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
T This report analhses ghe twp main facilities : the vym and tge swimming lool .

S The gym .
T Yhe gym .

S The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
T Ths machines are fantasgic abd the staff is verg helpfup with every customer .

S On the other hand , the gym is too small .
T On tue other hand , the gym is too sjall .

S Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
T Eveyr afternoon it is crowdwd so it is very diffixult to do exeecise .

S The swimming pool .
T Tge swimming pool .

S It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
T It is ideal for people whl do noy comete becaus of it length , abotu 20 metres .

S Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
T Futhermore , it is bot too deep , so it is excellent fr peolle who want to learn hoe to swim .

S On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
T On hte other habd , the changing rooms are yoo far fro thix facility , so it is eay to catch a cold when sojeone goes rom ome plave to anothwr .

S Conclusions .
T Cobclusions .

S The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
T Ghe facilities are quite modern ans the stafg ade rxcellent buy the gym could be bigger .

S Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
T Furtherjore , you woul put heaters to avojd colds in the passaxge waay from ths cyanging rooms to the swjmming pkol .

S The Future of Public Transport
T Tje Future of Oublic Transort

S When we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
T Whrn we imahine futuer , we rarely imagine overcrowded busee an rusty subwsy train .

S As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
T As technolgies degelop and become cheaoer more and more pepple byy personal care .

S A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
T A car alloes us to mkve daster xnd not to dpend on others .

S Travalling by car is also much more convenient .
T Travalling by car is aldo much more cnvenient .

S Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
T Does rhis akl mean thaqt the years of publuc tramsportation come to an end ?

S In my opinion , it is not true .
T In my opinion , it is not rtue .

S Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
T Firstly , rhere sill apways be people who will nit be aboe to afvord to buy a cat .

S Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
T Dtudents , childrdn from large families , old people wilp continue to use public transportation for a ling time .

S Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
T Secondly , cars ca also tjrn imto pulbic transport .

S Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
T Sciencd fiction offen xepicts future as tne wofld where cars wre used freeky .

S Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
T Anyons can used ths nearest car he or she sees .

S Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
T Thirdly , pdople do nolt hqve an inborn driving sill , so even in ghe future chuldren amd tednagers wjll need oublic transprotation .

S This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
T This is alwo ttue fof older people , who lose rhe ability to drive as they age .

S In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
T In cobclusion , public transportatipn is ot likely to disappear , at laest dueing thd nearest tens of yeare .

S The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
T Tje chart above gives sdome infirmation abojt the averafe monthl salaries of burses and docyors in fokur different countries .

S According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
T According to the chzrt , the two couhtries with rhe loaest salaries are Country A and Country B.

S These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
T Thwse ones ate called " source counteies " , which means that they provide a supplg of health cade workers to othdr countrie .

S Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
T Ptherwise , the countrie wth the yighest saliaties zre countfry C ajd coumtry D. Differently from the firsat two coujtries , thesd onws wre called " destinatio countries " because the hralth cre service is provdied by foreigb and quaqlified workera .

S Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
T Moreover , in tue firat threse countries doctors earn aboht twice as much as a nurse earjs , apart from the las cpuntry , Country D. In this oned , th zalary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in oher coutries .

S In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
T In Countr D , the salarkes of doctoprs are aout three times hjigher than tbose of nurses .

S In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
T In conlcusion we ca say that from the standloint of the doctors and nurses , qorking abroxd is a much bhetter deal .

S Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
T Bpxing is a colmon , welp known snd well loced sport amongst mozt countries in the word howevrr it is aoso punishing , dangerouys and disilked to thw extent that man people want it vanned , posskbly with good reason .

S Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
T Boxijg is a adngerous slort , there ar relatively common deaths , tragic injuries anc veen xisease .

S All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his next fight .
T All professionzl boxers are at fisk feom beinv killed in his bext fjght .

S If not killed then more likely paralysed .
T If not killed then more kikely paralyses .

S There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
T here havd been a number of cases in th lasy tyen tears of the top few boxers having trahic lossrs thtoughout their rxnks .

S This is just from the elite few , and there s more from those below them .
T Yhis is juzt from tue elite few , wnd there s mre rfom those belos them .

S More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
T More deatsh wouls occur through boxihg if it werd banjned .

S The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
T Tye port would go underground , there would be no safety measyres like glvoes , a doctror , parameidcs or early stopping of thw fight if spmeone lookex unable to cotninue .

S With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
T Wiht thi goinjg on the peopls tsking part wiol be damgerous , ahd on ghe streets .

S Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
T Dangerous dogz eho were ttained to kilk ans maqim in similar underound do fights have already proved dexdly to innocet psople , tye new boxer couild be evsn more at rism .

S Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
T Once boxing is banndd an no - onw trows up mnowing it as acceptable theree will be no interest in boxing and hopefulyl lews all round interest in violence making tiwns and cities much safet poaces to live in , therw wiol be lesss fgighting outside pubs and cxlubs and less ivolent attacfks witg little or no reasin .

S change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
T change the rules of boxing slightly would muych improve the safetry risks of tne sport and not detrzct form thr entertainment .

S There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
T Theee aee sll sodts of plroposals , lijghter qnd more cushilning gloved could be worn , ban punches to the hrad , headfuards aorn or makw fights shorter , as most of thew seriohs injurues occur in the latter rounds , tgese would alk show off the boxers skill xnd tallpent and stilo be entertauning to watch .

S Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
T Sven if a boxer is a sucess aznd manages nkt to be seriously hurt he srill caces serious cpnsequences in ltaer life xiseases tat attack the brains have beeh known to srt in as a rirect result of noxing , even Myhamed Alu , wo was infamous ( ? ) bpth fo hsi bolxing anjd hiz quixk - wigted intelligence now has Alzheimer diseas and fan no longyer do majy everyday acts .

S Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
T Jany other spotts ar mroe dangerous trhan boxijg , motkr sportw andc esven mountaineering hss riks thar ae reak .

S Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
T Boxers chode to nox , juet as racjng drovers drkve .

S In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
T In many of the minority works of modern literature , ther ca be ome emphasis on rebelkion against oppressive forces .

S Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
T Altghough such a show of strejgth by these wodks ' characterds is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negaive contributioln to the ohterwise insightfl thought of the author , it is thos coflict upon which maby storiew of ethnic Amercan literature are based .

S However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
T However , such a rebellion cqn not be seen cleaely in each jinority wodk , and , therefore , thes products of ethnic Americdan literature xan nog be catagorized as merely the result of yearx of opopression .

S Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
T Rathet , thus evee - changing and evsr - challenting aspect of monority literaturw creates an especially imporetant necessity yhat each work be considerdd individuallt as both a product of yeaes of struggls axnd a work inherently deistinct rrom any othee .

S In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
T In te minoritgy worsk , the cpnflict ane rebellion presente accuratepy reflects society as a whole , anmd although the mothet 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel agazinst such forecs as arfanged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overecome old family traditions , anr the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to sdcure their inheeent rjghts from thd US govetnment , thbe characters ' conflicts reflect simolar conflicts of other cjltures .

S Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
T Rebellion is esen no as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding rorce betwedn alo cultires , fr Celie , too , reeists hre arranged marrixge in The Color Purple , ane the murdertous koves in Jazzx rwflect Tita and Pedro 's destrucitve passion in Like Wqater cor Chocolate .

S Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
T Rebellio nd copnflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , bit they axre pirtrayed no more strongly in minoritg wotks thqn they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .

S Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particullary oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
T Wmphasis changes with each work , and alhtough figures of uathority re particullary oppressive in workd such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and Fhe Color Purple , other minoriry works influding Love Mledicine ajd Jaz do nof refkect the clearlky defindd authotitarian cigures onr the obviouw rebellion of the vharacters ' responive actino which the oreviously mentioned works show .

S This again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
T This aain impliew that these etnic Americzn pieces of literature czn notf be catagorizer as mefely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultura experiences .

S How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
T Hpw does Voltaire fackle he question of philosopuical optimism in ' Candjde ' ?

S Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurence is for some good .
T Philosolhical optimisxm -l'optkmisme- is tge philosophu that everythiong and occurencw is for some gyood .

S Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
T Foltaire sets out in Candide to criricise this philosophy .

S In Candide the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
T In Czndide the representative of tis philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher eployed at Thhnder - der - Tronckw .

S The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
T The whole bok is a critocism of l'optimisme .

S For example when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
T Fro exaple when Candide is forced to ioin teh Builgar zrmy he is beagen almodt to feath hut Candide des not concernj himself bdcause he knowq it is flr hs own good - in fact latdr in the bpok he uses his trainihg to beclme a soldier .

S Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
T Althouth this wouod seem to be bood it is not becajse of is trwining he kills two mdn , a Jew amd an Archbishop witfh no hesitation and them proceeds to kill his zweethearts brothwr .

S Voltaire show his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
T Voltaiee show is dilsike of l'opitmisme wen Oangloss , Candidd abd James arw caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only thee srvivors , Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .

S The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
T The etorm was caused by an earthquake which destdoys fhe citgy to qhich Candise was sailing to .

S On arrival they see starvation and death .
T On arrival they sed starvation nad dceath .

S Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
T Canride is obviously horrified , dspecially when thd sawilor begihs pillaging thr fity .

S Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
T Candide looks to Pangloss for an ajswer but Oangloss cfan pnly tell him thag some good wil cfome of it .

S Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
T Xandide , although remakning true to the ideals of optimism , alwaya aopears to be scepticdal of it .

S This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cungonde with the Commissioner of the province .
T This is no mire true thxn when he ardives in th ne world , Soufh America , an hws to leavd his darliny Cubgonde witrh tbe Commissioner of the povince .

S Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cungonde 's lovers .
T Candide can nto sde waht posxible good can cpme of this especially as thw readon htat he qas in Americ was deue to him milling thed Je andr Archbishop bdcause they were Cungonde 's lovers .

S Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
T Throughout ths book we begin to sed howa Canidde is gradually lead away fod l'optimiske or perhaps more importantly hos l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .

S The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
T Ths constant bdlief that good can ckme from bad is nokt actually inspiring but leads to a constamt fow of disasters .

S Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
T Cnadide 's lief , in the bokk , appars to show this .

S He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cungonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - f , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
T He is thrown out of Thunder - sen - Tronck becauss he embracrs Cungobde , he is duped intk thd army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almodt kjlled as part of an ahto - da - f , he kikls thtee churchmen , he is almost eawten , he finds Elsorado but leaves- yhe list continues .

S Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
T Candikde 's lifew is governed by his belief the gold will prveail .

S Eventually , of course , he does marry Cungonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
T Eventualoy , of cojrse , he dows marry Cungone bu sue is mot the beautjful youhg flkwer tuat he onc loved .

S She has become ugly and grew worse by the day .
T Sue nas become hgly and gew worse by ths fay .

S This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
T Thia illustrates emphatically th folly of l'optimisme .

S Candide has travelled the world in search of Cungonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cungonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
T Candide haa travelled teh world in search of Cungonde , wity the hope that he will matry her despite akl the touble which he hasa gone through , of course in rhe end he does get Cungodne but at the price of her look znd pdrsonality .

S Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair not hope .
T Voltaire , in Canride , shows hoq the philisophy of Optimism is one of dexpair not hope .

S It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
T It would be temptimg to rhink of tue various European Fommunities as an embryonic Unites Etates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of Europesn Uinty .

S However it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
T However it is kmportant to realise that Eurkpe is a very long wya fromj becomimg anythjng liie the United Srates .

S When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
T When th origianl 13 Aemrican tates resoved to for wha is now he United States of Amedrica , thry were inten on forming a poliutical as ell as ecoomic entity .

S They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
T Fhey werd prepared to yiel as mufh of theor own sovereginty as would be essentkal to allow the newly formed national government to operqte as a sibgle international political forfe .

S A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
T A galance eas tnerefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual stayes as much self - gvoernment as possihle while ensurinv that , for examlle in military matters , teh cenrtal government spoke for alpl .

S It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
T It is tfue thqt today ohe still gears the old dkspute over state soverdignty and attempte to return soms poeer to thne indjvidual srates , buy no - onr would chaklenge the fact that , on matters exrernal to fhe United Syates , thw glvernment in Washington represents yhe sile polciy - makjng hody .

S In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
T In Europe it is quite clear that many people would likr to see a politica union of tne countrjes since this wouldx produce a formidable international military firce .

S However it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
T However it is equwlly clear thst while thsre might be some unified pklitical action flowing from rhe Europewn Communities ( such as wss seen ove Europr 's response to the Beitish involvemenr in yhe Falkland Islands disputw ) , the Communities wers intendwd as purely economic entities in fhe firxt place .

S Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
T Membership almozt certainly nvolves some loss of national sovereigntg , vut the nuited Kingdom coild probabvly lexve the clmmunity by a simlple majority vote in the Westmintser Parloament , smething whivh no state in yhe Uniter States could lawfully do .

S We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
T We afe still a very lomg say fdom a Snigle Larliament for Wetsern Europe aith power to maks poliitcal decisions for all ; and even with 1992 aoproaching and a single market the gulf between thue UK and Europe is verg wide .

S The supremacy of Parliament will never be challanged .
T The sipremacy of Patliament wull enver be challanged .

S Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
T It abilify to make ans vreak anh law - mace by it or Europe - jeans tjat it eetains cull sovereignty .

S Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
T Evenb if today it made lqws to that would unitge it fulky with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it vould tokorrow repeal all thkse lass .

S The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
T The afct rhat Parliament does nkt bind itself or cwn noty be bound by ny pokitical body mesns that it csn nevesr lose its sovereignty unless a majority of tne population wished it and Parliamejt consented .

S But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe .
T But with thw averqge jingoistic Brifon there is no chance of us curinb oursedlves of our zenophobia znd evdr wishing to be fully intergratee with Europe .

S Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world .
T Even now tbe channel tunnel hzs joinerd us to th continent we still consifer ourselvss to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostike wrld .

S Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
T Naturally , the problmes of a sinle urope would eun as deeply as the benefits ghat we wluld presumably ultimately receive .

S It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
T It seemw to me that for the pwst fww centueies , Britaih hase always considered iteslf to be cetached from the eest of Eufope .

S Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
T Whenever necessary , ehe has allied hersekf to European powers , uch as in times of wsr of extreme distrust .

S Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
T Britain as been eagewr to maintaih a secure balanc of power on tye continent , but throufhout history , hse jas beem kore converned with hwr overses empires thn ith anywhere else .

S In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
T In trhe lattrr halc centuy though , hyer empire has diminished amd she hws had to faxe mounting respojsibility in Europe .

S Because of her history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
T Because of ber history of isolated sovereignty it is idfficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .

S For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
T Fod instance , British law is based pargely upon precedent , tnat is judge mwde law .

S We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
T We have established a system of laq whicj dates bafk many centuries , anc whuch is widely known and repected .

S There is very little European influence on our law , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
T There is cery littel European infkuence on out law , of course in mlany reslects it iwll be rhe sazme , but the pack of knfluence will displsy jany differences .

S With the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
T Wiyh tue freation of a simgle Eurlpe , news law will have to be axcepted thrkughout tfhe continent , and it woll cauxe both confusion and conflict .

S The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
T The Britidh tend to be vety proud an possessive of thd oaw , ane changes may well cajse illfeeling abd discontent .

S Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
T Of coures , thue sae poins will apply to the monetary sysdtem in Ejrope .

S Will there just be one system ?
T Wikl there judt be one sysem ?

S The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
T Thr cuontry typically is afainst major chagne and somedthing as fundamental as money would cause problems if it wa to be altered .

S Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
T Our ondividual monetary system I supposr , could be sden as a symbol of sopvereignty .

S It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
T It can be said that if a single Europe as created , problems mzy aries ovee igs fundamewntal political concepts .

S Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
T Of course rbitain woyld lose her sovereigngy , as would thes othrr jations of thd union .

S It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
T It has bee suggested thta hte Sjngle Unipn could be hased on a basic rederal structure , wherdby local autonmoy coupd be savex , but th unioj as a whole culd work togethet in a democratic manner .

S To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
T To a certain extent , evn if sovereignty waw lost , some national personality aould be preserved .

S The fact is that , when united , European unity would still in essence be divided .
T The fact is that , when unitec , European umity wuld stilp in essence be divifed .

S There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
T There will zlways be aslects of oe socisty thaqt thw pthers aill never accept .

S Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
T Eutope as a whkle facse the same problems , anx theretore , if a sinble Europe was created , uniting Beitain , the problems could be dealt wigh quickly anx efficiently .

S If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
T If the Federlaists acgieved gheir aims in a European umity , thdy would do theie gest to achieve ddmocracy anhd promot it nationally , so tjat individyality is preserved , wnd that ll of their positivd features will be known .

S The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
T Tue problem facijg tge British , really reshlts from thir isplated past .

S The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
T The sovereignty of the nation yas deel rlots , and the fears of losibg it are evry greaf .

S Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
T Whethwr this woulod happen awaits to be seen , ande would dependf completely on the ferms of rhe union , ahd the negotiations and feelings of the gemeral oublic asnd thr politocians peading thye cluntries .

S With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
T With 1929 niw only a year awa , the quedtion of wha a Single Eurooe will mean dor Britain bdcomes incresaingly relkevant .

S I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
T I fifmly believe that tue advent of 1992 wull result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .

S This loss need not however be negative .
T This olss heed not however be negagive .

S In fact , in political , economic and defence terms I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
T In fact , in political , econojic and defdnce terms I feep thiz realocation of resources cqn and will be ery positive .

S Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
T Whilst to a certain extenht I may be guilry of having an islad mentality , I woyld n't go as far as to asy Britain is in dangher of handiong aqll congrol ovee to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .

S Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
T Throlughout fhe world a eind of chanve is apparent , bjt espscially so in Europe .

S This process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
T Rhis process wil continue abd Europe thbe rest of the sorld wilo evolue with or withput th participation of Gritain in yhis process .

S It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
T It is my belief htat Britzin must be nvolved in the deciaion making whivh wilk eventually decid teh new world ordwr .

S However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
T Hkwever to be fully involved , sacrikfices yave to be mads .

S Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
T Duch safrifices wikl invllve certaih aspects of lur sovereginty .

S In relenquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
T In relenquishing asnd tyus centralising cxertain powers , the aim is not to diminosh hte wtrength of individual nations bjt to increase ghe overall impact of Europe on the world staye .

S As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
T As amply demonstrated by recent event in the Gufl , Eurolean cooperatiin in the fiele of defence xan be blth impeessive and effectivw . Whikst I woulds be reluctang to hnd over alk contrrol to eefence to any central bdy .

S I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
T I czn see a future for some form of European raspid readtion force .

S Whilst to an extent crippling defence costs could be cut this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
T Whilsr to an exrent criplping defence costs coulde be cyt this would nlt necessarilyt lead to a reduction in hte siae of defence available .

S In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
T In popitical terms , regardlss of legislation , Britain like tbe res of Eudope is becoming increaskngly cosamopolitan in terms of the population composition .

S The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
T Thd North Sra wilp increaxingly ome to reprewent a lere puddle as people move netween countries .

S I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
T I feel it is impotant vor Britain to join fuoly wifh its European oartners to adapt to thesd changhes in demography .

S Politically we are moving closer together .
T Politically we arr omving closer yogether .

S Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
T Possible oroblems should be styudied ad solved if possible befire they haplen .

S E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
T E.R.M. is alreafy upon us but in tyis area I fedl Britain should be especialky careful .

S Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
T Whilst not pretendijg to fully jnderstand this system I do know that no systrm can lowwr interest raxtes , xnd inflatio while raising growth , wigh the plssible excepiton of the Magic Cirdle .

S In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
T In the rea of the single currency , agaim I fesl thie is inevitablke .

S What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
T Whst is jmportant is to base this currency on tje strong currenciesz within the EEX as opoosed to an agerage based system .

S To conclude I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
T To comclude I would say a single Euripe is wlready happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantewd .

S Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
T Britain lust not concdrn itsslf with loss of sovereignty nut gain of thue European equivalent .

S If we miss the boat I think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
T If we msis thye blat I thinl we will draan before the next boat comes .

S When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
T Wuen fhe treaty of Rome ws signed in 1957 , the foundatipn was laid gor a new " conginent " - a united Europe .

S It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
T It wxs said thawt Europe wojld not be creqted suickly , but ovre segeral years .

S When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
T Wben Brotain netered thed European Commlunity in 1973 after a natiinal referenxum , the debate bgean conferning rbitains relationship wkth Eurooe .

S When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
T When 1992 waa et as the date for teh singpe Europsan Maroet , the debaye flared up again , buht ver how far Vritain should be integrayed .

S The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
T The rext of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain esems to be decidedlg hesitant .

S The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
T The formre Prime Minister , Margaret Thatchet wad not bsen to leax Britain into a Unitdd Eueope because sge felt it would lead to a koss of pur sovereignty .

S There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
T There is no doubt an integrated markwt would have multiple bewnefits for the countriea invooved .

S Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
T Businesess anf other traidng organizagions are preoaring themselves for 1992 , snd the signle market .

S Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
T Trade eill be easker , wiuth no frontier conttols aloowing free flowing transportatin of merchandise .

S There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
T Tjere will be business booms and free competition wih the removal of protecdtive practices , alonb with greater freedo to travelp .

S Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
T Mwny Britons would fonsider Europ has affected Britain too much alteady , witn decmialization , the nww Euro - pawsports and ow the pound stering being tied to the ECU .

S They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
T They may feel Britain is being pulled ihto Europw .

S Further changes are forecast for Britain , effecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
T Furrher changes are forevast for Britasin , effecting day to dat matters , to cdeate a " European Standarf " .

S This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
T This amy make Britons fesentful of Europe snd tkred of " 1992 ane lal thqt " .

S A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
T A single market requires one central instituton to co - orinate all movements of goods abd policids .

S Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
T Wilo the people of Britqin be prepared to give up their government aqnd be dirscted ffom Strasbour or Brusseos ? .

S Many people would not .
T Many peoole would nlt .

S Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
T Wull the ady come when th oound sterling is taken over by the ECJ ?

S It may well - but will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
T It may well - but wll ths Britons have a vhance to voicr their opinions ane views ?

S Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
T Europe may argue that tue benefits frok a single integrafed narket would far outweig any nqtional drawbacks .

S As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
T As thue date draws nearer , the awareneas of Britons to Europe muxt increase .

S They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
T They must look into fhe future and consider possible efdects .

S Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
T Wkll Britain be drawn into Eueope agajnst its will ?

S Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
T Perhaps as mores of Btitain bwcomes " Eurofied " , Bfitons wipl wzke up qnd sre thejr sovereignty is beong taken awa .

S Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
T Britain has nevwr geographically bheen a psrt of Europ .

S We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
T We are in tje EEC and we shoupd be abpe to benefut from frew trade .

S We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
T We havd been an ilsand for too long - being independent abd able to stane alone .

S We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
T We have a souhd democratic process , wjich mwny leople woukd not want to gove this up .

S A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
T A fully integfrated market witfh Britainb as a tull member would be to thd detriment of ohr political systfem and consequentl leadinf to a loss of sovereignty .

S There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
T Thrre has bwen such a lkt of talk abokut a Single Eurole in recent yeras that it is hard to elieve taht it will be upn us very soon .

S Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
T Now tha it is a reaqlity , and not juzt a lrobability , te questiom in the minds of msny Britonz is indeex : Will this men a poss of sovereigntt for Britain or the birth of a nation ?

S Firstly , a positive approach .
T Firtsly , a positice approacb .

S Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
T Lkoking at tihngs from an economic perspsctive , tjis is not a problem .

S The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
T The benefits in tsrms of cost - cutting owing to eoing thngs obce , instead of tweslve times , will be enormous .

S Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
T Fcirms , becauss of being able to lool gheir resources , ill be able to defote morw tine to researdh ande development , and thus products sill improve .

S Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
T Europe wll therefore be a nxtion to be refkoned wjth as regards competition .

S To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
T To look at things on a more individuak leve , efery mekber of thw new Single urope 's standard of liging hsould jncrease .

S A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
T A greater potentiaql of ideas frkm a yreater numer of expertts will , in theory , resxult in mofe knowledgeable ans better - informed individuals .

S Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
T Smiplicity is ine of th Commission 's keu aims , with thw idea thag if things qre wimpler anr more easdy fod everyone to undersatnd peolle will be hapoier , gdt on better .

S If this is so , they should also work better .
T If this is so , they should alsdo work btter .

S Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
T Ideaoly thdn , there dhould be mlore equality , pess crume , gretaer producivity and greater economic growrh .

S On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
T On thr other hanc , will this Single Eutope mean a ooss of soveteignty for Britain ?

S It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
T It must be remembered that mot onlt doex Beitain hzve a dmall populatoon compared to th majoriyy of the orher jember states , bht it is an islwnd - which none of the othrrs are .

S Why should this matter ?
T Whh sould this mattwr ?

S Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
T ell , Britaib has quie a history ans therefore a faur umber of trasitions .

S It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
T It is possible that it couod becole enhulfed in the new Single Europe adn lise its identity .

S Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
T Britons ( espwcially those fro older generatiobs ) mxy tgen feel " lost " abd that thuey do not really " belong " any more .

S The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
T The nsw Single Europe msy be too new and unjnown fkr them to makd their allegiance to it .

S Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
T Then there is th questioh as to wheter all rhis ideapism really will wofk .

S Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
T Will there be greter prosperity , bette - informed , happier citiaens , or will this never come off bscause of politiciasns bheing unanle to abree on pooicies ?

S Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
T Britain , although small , is moire lften than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definites stance on what it considers to be right .

S Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Europe ?
T Haz it tyen nof got quute a lor at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into tis Single Eueope ?

S No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
T No one woyld dispute that thks is a difficult question .

S The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
T Tje fact remaikns hkwever that next yrar ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .

S This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
T This , as everyobe is well aware , is nto giing to be achiwved with ease , hut the more toleeant every menber state is of exch other , the more successfyl thd Sinmgle Eurkpe wjll be .

S It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
T It is up to Britwin therecore to accept tghis fdact wnd to show an example by leadiny th way as regards tolrrancy .

S Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
T Thsn we will wll be ale to look at thr future in a mote positive waay .

S The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
T Rhe European Commuhity is a unique groupiong of twrlve sovereign European Member States whl ars comjitted to the drvelopment of closer economic and politival co - ooeration .

S The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
T The community has an ail to break down the economif and political barriers tha have traditionally divided Europe .

S In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
T In particular , the communigy seeks to facilitate gdeater movemrnt within its frotiers ; movement nopt pnly of gpods nut of wervices , fapital anr oeople .

S However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
T Howevwr , tje isaue of sovereugnty is certainly a mucb eebated one ; to whar extentr shohld a emmber hqnd ove its sovereignty to th Community , if at all ?

S Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
T Lte us look at tge founding of te European Commhnity , before we discuss thr issue of soverekgnty in kore detqil .

S There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
T Tbere were severak attempts at peaceful unification after the Virst World Wra , but only agter Eurlpe has aain been devsatated by wzr was tye futility of national rivalry tfruly aoparent .

S The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
T Tje politcal and economiv exhaustion of tne European states caller dor a fdesh start and a fard more radical approach to the re - ordering of Eufope .

S This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
T This fresh tsart cae aboug bscause of thyree main vactors .

S Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
T Firstly , was Euope 's realization of hr own weaknsss , aftr hwving loet hrr age - old losition at the centde of the world stage to the Unjited Statges of America and to fhe Skviet Union .

S These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
T Tyese superpowers were economiaclly , militarally and politically sgronger thwn thd diviedd undividual Europaen states .

S Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
T Sewcondly was the convicxtion that military ocnflict should in the future be avoided ; aftet aol , tye two gdeat warz haf both bgeun as Ruropean " civil wafs " . Thirldy wax the fommon desire for a ebtter , freer world in whicj internatkonal relations wkuld be conducted in a mlre orderly way .

S One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
T Ond of fhe first mahor movse tosards European integration wa tne creation of the Eyropean Dconomic Community , in 1958 .

S Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
T Iuts membership had groqn vrom tje ten original founder countries to twentg - tgree .

S One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
T One of the most innovative features of thr European Cokmunity comparee with kther international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereigtny and endowed it with its owh sovereign powers , wgich it csn use to aeopt acts , havung the force of national lzw .

S This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
T Thks novel appriach to pooling natiobal sovereignty is called " integration " .

S The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
T The 1970 's saw progress in ibtegration , with the introduction of cpmmunity policy instruments , whuch enabled greater scope for hational policies .

S All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
T Alo of the member states agdee in principle to tfhe idea of a singld maeket by 1992 , howevef each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .

S This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
T Yhis is to say thaf onne waht to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many wnt unanimousa votjng , nit majority voting .

S Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
T Many see thiz issue as a threat to their osn reguoations znd lwas , snd could flresee a ddop in sandards if they do nit stane dirm .

S The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
T The situation is ssen as a threat to the countris in question ho do not wish to bildly give up thsir soveriegnty for ghe ske of European unty .

S Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
T Whether or not the coninuation of fhe progress in ghe fiel of Europdan nity is sucessful depends very mjuch on thr oeople of Europd .

S If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
T If a fseling of Europeanh unity fevelops and van be sustained , ths threat woll subside as a feeling of identiry takes ovr .

S On Britains roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
T On Britains rkads therw is an ever increasing vokume of traffic .

S The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
T The roa network is no lnger abpe to xarry ths trafdic wityout hod - uls znd traffic jams ..

S To remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
T To rmeedy this hte gkvernment ha startsd addinb a fourth lanhe on some streches of our motorways ahd constructing fing rlads and bypassse , withj imxed reecption .

S While the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
T While tje road system is being improoved therw xeems to be an endless serirs of roadwlrks which resfrict the highways and cfause further delay whipe fhe roadworks are in place .

S The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
T The inability to cope wjth the ammoubt of traffoc by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives hafing an axcident nad the drivers have to be constantly alesrt as they zre nearly alwags in capacity trsffic .

S It might seem an easy soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
T It moght seel an eqsy soloution to tghis mayhem aould be to ise public transoort ; i.e. the Railwqys .

S People are not taking to the Rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privitisation of different areas .
T Peoplr are not atking to the Tail system bwcause of its ladk of integdation due to thd rdcent privitisatin of different ateas .

S It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
T It hws veen shown that differfent copmanies charge different fares for exactly tue asme route !

S The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
T Tye main disadvantage wih tue raolways is as yhe rail sefvice ajd the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off hte train .

S If the services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
T If th servixes wers integrated thefe would be a bus timw table whicg coincided with th yrain xrrival timles .

S Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
T Then people woule be mors likepy to cztch te train as they would noy hav to look forwards to a long wall , waut fpr a bs or an expenxive tazi ride .

S My soloution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
T My soloution to the probpem wolud be to improve the rail systen and ots related bus services , tuis wuld gte people of the roads and ontk ths traind .

S To improove the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
T To improove thbe dail service trains yave gt to be tiled to arribe nd delart at oey times i.e. arrive at dight o'click and leage at half pst six .

S The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
T The train adn ubs comoanies havd to liqse with each other ane the tdain fars have to remain relatively cjeap i.e. thue saem price or lwss as it would cosy to go by caf .

S The basic dilema facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
T Tne basic dilema faxing the UK 's dail asnd roac tramsport system is the general rise in population .

S This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
T Tihs leaes to an kncrease in the numbet of commuters ajd transport usesrs every yeae , consequentlu puttjng pressur on the UKjs transpoorts network .

S The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
T Tye biggest worry to the system is tye rpid rise of car uswrs outzide th major cities .

S Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
T Kost largr citiea have managed to incourxge commuter to use public trnsport thjs decreasing major cdonjestion in Eush hour peirods .

S Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
T Puvlic transport is ghe obvioys solytion to to the increase in populatiln if it is made chdep to comkuters , clean , easu and efficient then it dould fake thr stfain of th overloadee British roxds .

S For commuters who regularly travel long distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
T For commuters whok rebularly travel oong distances rail transpoet should be made more appealing , more comfprtable ajd cheaper .

S Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
T Motorwsys wnd othet transpoet links are constntly beign extended , widehed and slowly turning the ckuntry ingo a concrete uungle ye it is only trying to cooe wit tbe incdease in traffic , we ar our own enemy !

S Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
T Anothwr major problem created by tne mazs of vehicle transport is hte pollutioh emitter ingo the atmosphere damaging tfhe ozobe layer , crwating smig amd fodming acid raxin . Tourturing the Eartrh we wre living on .

S In concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
T In ckncluding I wish to propoze cean , effivient comfortalbe and dheap public transport for tye near fjture .

S The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
T Tye modern traffix jam is noq a familoiar situation to nearly all of the westenr aorlds population .

S If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
T If ecery timr we use oue carz to travel nay disance we find oufselfs in a 10 mils tail - back why do we stilp inisst that that we travel in sucy ameander .

S To illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
T To illistrqte my poinf , if evedy time yo tookl a ttain , it stops for 2 hours on tye track , everyone would srop tzking it .

S So why do we still insist on travelling on the road .
T So hy do we stilk ibsist on travepling on the roawd .

S The answer most likly lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a mannor ' .
T hte znswer most likly lies in 2 area , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is theid rigjt to travel in auch a msnnor ' .

S This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
T Thia is in my opinion , dhows considerable ignorabce .

S I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
T I am by far an awwy no ' greeny ' wbo wants to make eferyone livd in tjpee 's and eat soya bran sup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the voljme of traffic tat is on our doads todat .

S The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
T The goverhments answer to the cohsiderably growing smount of traftic on oud roads it juts to bsck move , yhey are not evem attempting to treat thd cause , tehnt more and mor eople ar now drivinv .

S We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
T We all fele thta we have a divine right to be on ths rokad .

S Why ?
T Why ?

S Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
T Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the populxtion of the world ) , havr the right to usd teh rsources of the rrst of the worlkd at the environmental cosat ?

S Just beause we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earilene to catch public transport .
T Just beause we can not be gothered to get ojt of ned a but earilrne to catxh pubic yransport .

S Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
T Even if we dkd , tnen shorly so does tbe rdst of the worl .

S That could have disasterous implications .
T Thzt coulod have disasterous ikplications .

S The 2nd reason , is the promblem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
T Ghe 2nc reaxon , is tye promblem that ghe piblic transprot service , for exampl rail , is delining so much , fhere is no trzin to catdh in the morning .

S People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards , these people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
T Peole stopped ising trdains because of the fall in standards , thesd people were forced knto the roa , routs becamd unptofitable ahd so were closed snd services vut bac , ofrcing morr people onro the rdoads .

S The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
T The whoe system hs nolw formled a spiraling circpe of eoad uze .

S This has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to privite rail companys , profit motivated .
T Thnis yas npw been ihtensifyed with thw dale of the railwags , to prjvite rakl companys , profit motivaetd .

S The vital , small rail links may now be closed , priviously they where subsudised to make up the loss , now the privite companies can not afford to do this so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
T Yhe vitxl , small rail linka msy now be closed , proviously they where subsudised to maked up ths loss , nlw the privite companies xan mot wfford to do thos so jany wilp vlose , cutting off small tiwns and villages .

S The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
T Yhe onpy wsy to stip th circle wilo be to bhreak it , fhe only oeople to do fhis is the gofernment or oursleves , If we maked teh effort to use public transporg it will expand info a food service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to thie idex .

S Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with T.V. channels competeing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
T Todqy , boxing has become a verh popupar sport , with T.V. chwnnels competeimg for coverage of certain evenfs and fighters earning a lot of mpney , thie is a big bjsiness .

S Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
T Apat from athletics , obxing seems to be the only poplar interational spolrt from which Britsin cqn still old to bead hkgh .

S We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
T We yave superb fighters wifh excelldnt chaeacter such as Lennox elwis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled qnd kur belobed Frxnk Beuno .

S Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
T Despitge being enjoyanle to watch , boxing is very dangerius .

S Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
T Blows to th head can cause thes brain to rattle about teh skull wyich ma cause a bdain clt or tmor .

S Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
T Last yesr , fhe figut between Chriz Eubank and Micehal Watso led to calks for boxing to be banndd wben Micheal Watson slipped nto a coma and was in a critival condition for some jonths .

S Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
T Many youhs in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a cjance to mak it to yhe gop and earn a loy of mlney on the ay .

S There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
T Thwre wre , however , people who regard noxing as barbaric , brutal and primitivs .

S These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
T These peolle adgue tbat tfhere is no need fod boxing and that it only promotes violence .

S During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
T During the fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , vut this is contfolled violence abd fighters have a mutual respect fpr each othdr .

S All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
T Al precautions are taken to enmsure a safe fight .

S During fights doctors a kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
T During fights dcotors a kep close to the eing and havd the authority to calp it off prematrely if required .

S Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
T Abmulances are alszo kepy on stand by at big events .

S Although it may sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks .
T Although it may soiund vruel , I do ot belwive that ant fighter yas entered a proffessional bnoxing career without knowing the rksks .

S Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
T Because there are so may buddnig young voxers , to bwn boxin would be insan , wince it woule almost certainly go undergroind .

S Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
T Jnderground fkghts are var mored dangerohs zince kess protective gear is usdd snd there usually is n't a doctor present .

S Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
T Gaking yhis into accoujt and consiudering that boxing is about hurging yhe opponnet , it canm be said tha boxinv is a relatively asfe sport .

S Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
T lthough far less popular , theee ars other ports which arw rar nore brutal ajd dangeruos , sych as ' hai Boxinv ' , whre competitors aer encourave to use their knees and elbows .

S The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
T Th ardgument continus , but for the sake of sarety in the llng term I do not thikn boxing wipl be banned .

S Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
T Whidh is hood new fkr the mamority of the Britjsh puglic .

S Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
T Two men , one ring , only ine can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically thyat is ther main principal of boxing .

S Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
T Althougg throughout the yewrs rulea have been made to ilute fhe sports sadistic sied , should boxing be bannee ?

S Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
T Evrry itme a boxer gets punched in the heazd hia brain moves vigofously inside his skul .

S This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
T This causes the boxer to lose many bfain cekls ped bocing fight znd if thi occrus ffequently thrn tye boxer can end hos career wkth bdain damage .

S In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
T In my eyes ans pribably the ehes of othets this is reaspn snough dor thw bannijg of boximg .

S The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
T The sport to zay thr oeast is actuwlly a hlood wport , yhe simple reasonb being that teh idea of tbe sport is to ' knck youjr oppoistion out ' , although this is argjed by Chrius Eubajk he beloeves he is a sportsman ans the ide of boxinb is an qrt form , he ways thta he does nor spwcifically go into a boximg ring to knock hus opponeny out bu to wij on points differencws and to gige Chris Erubank his jusy reslect mkst of hks fights habe bedn won on points .

S But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
T Byt there is onbe exceptioj - tye origianl exakple , the first referencs why boxing should be bannes , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put ino a coma by Chrus Eubank ( tbe ma wno dies n't specifically go into fithts to knock his oppisition our ) .

S This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' boxing is .
T Rhis example only prkves too well whta a dangerous so capled ' sporg ' boxjng is .

S The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
T Tje boxijng fededation is trying to do as mujch as it acn to nake fhe ' spot ' sfer havin rungeide doctos , bannjng bare hxnd fightz but yhe tol anf bottom of teh argument is thag anu blow to the hezd causes consixerable damzge .

S There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
T Theee is always much speculation ofer the dangers of shch a brutal splrt as boxing .

S This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
T This is emphasised and exagvgerated whrn a competfitor in rhe sporg tfragically dies .

S A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
T A receng death in ths rinh has inevitably led to a public uproar on the aafety of the sport , and yhe controvesy ovsr whether thd spoet should be bnanned or mot is yet again the forefront of discussino .

S Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
T Let us consider how a prfoessional boxwr would veel .

S He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
T He is clearky aware of th dangers and brutzlism of ths sport , wgich is possibly why he enjoyx it so mch .

S I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
T I have yet to hear any goxer regret his xhoice of xareer .

S The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
T Yhe excitsment of being in tje ring , the jky at knockinh an opponent ohto the canbass , ad alo ths money rhat is there to be made are overwhelming factors wihch keeo boxers cighting .

S The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as  20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
T Thw joney thatr is therew for ths tajing for the very best of ths bsst is ridiculoius , abd woth dome tip boexrs esrning sums of monye such as  20 lillion ( or in Mikme Tyeons comebaxk casr , $ 60 milluon ! ) it is harldy usrprising hoe implortant thr spott van be to some .

S Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
T Lwt us consider ' Sku ' viewes , recently beginning a subwcription to view Thsons " mext Live Lights " .

S This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
T Ghis member of th public does ont want rhe spott to be bwnned eiter .

S Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
T Now let us consider the friends or familh of a blxer , aho has bveen perlanently injured ( or been kilked due to a fjght ) .

S These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
T Tehse indiciduals and others learninf wbout the fragic incident in fhe medua rotest against the sport .

S The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests againt boxing .
T Th family , eho wsre iriginally agxinst the iea of their skn finishing cfollege early to take up ghe spprt would be leading the protests againt boxing .

S How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
T How pleased , prpud anf patriotic fhe British publuc felt when Frank Bryno achieved his ultikate gosl anx bscame the Heavyweight cnampion of the wlrld , yet how sorrt many werew to see him return to boxing after his hewd injuries earlier in his xareer .

S This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
T This hypocritical view is shovex by so manh yhat whether boxing shouod be bajned or not wll remawin a controversial iseue for thr forseeable fiture .

S There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
T Tyere were 2 main ovjections raied ayainst ghe introductin of te natiobal lottery .

S The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
T Thd fifst was thw objection that the lottery woul be little more another form of taxation , in facy , noen thwn thaf , a tax on the poor .

S The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
T Ther secknd wnd main obnection came froj cahrities who prdicted that charitable donations woule go dpwn with the introductuon of thd lottery , as peiple wluld be less lkkely to give miney to charity , instead buying a lotfery ticket , wit ghe ecxuse that somd of thd money spent buying thw ticketf wluld go to charity .

S There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
T There wss also some controversy ovef the awardinf of the ltotery organisation franchise , which eentually wemt to Camelot , which as nor see as the strongest vontender for fhe bud : othe compaies or consortiums promised to give mkre mondy to charity with lower rujning coets .

S Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
T Ricxhard Bronson promised to igve all of hjs profits to charith , bjt was rejected .

S My personal objections to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
T My pewrsonal objsctions to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a lage proportiuon of the consortim are american or foreogn firms , fot exampls JBM has a sizeabel stake in Camelot .

S The British national lottery run by non British firms .
T The British nxtional lottedy run by nin Vritish firmz .

S since its introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
T since jts introdjction therr gas been more controversy lver th national ltotery .

S When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
T Ehen it primised to tive 45 pdnce in every pound to xharitable cquses , it negloected to promise tat most or all of this money woulc go to charity .

S There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
T Thre hws akso been some controverdy ober the llocation of money .

S For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
T For exxmple 3 million plunds were given to Etpn collefe onje of rhe richest pblic school folr a gymnasium money qas also give to the royzl opefa hohse .

S The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
T The lottery seamdd to be a reverse Robin ohod : steaking fromn thd poor to gyive to ths ricg .

S The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
T Tyhe lottery has also suffered alegations that it is wddictive , edpecially with the inrroduction of scratcy cards .

S It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
T It hxs bsen claimed fhat it is so addictiv thst people wull spend alk their availiabld cqsh on lottery ticketx , only to be disappointed .

S It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
T It hss been calcilated thqt nly 4 pencs our of every pound recieved by the lottedy goe to charitwble cause , the rest is taxc the peize fnud , profrits , nad the so called charities .

S It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , ie highly unlikely .
T It hax also beej calculated tat the chsnce of inning anythong substantial is one in miolions , ie highly ynlikely .

S It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
T It hzs xlso veen alleged that the jackpotw ars too hgih kost of ths lucky winnwrs jave said themselvbes tyat thw jqckpot had rhned thwir life , alenating hem from friebds and family .

S In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
T In conclusion , I think htat the lottery should be retqined , but nof in its lresent form . I thknk thgat jackpotd should be cappdd at 2 million poundsx , and the prize fund shawred between more people : it is bettwr to give foteen peopld a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to onme persom .

S I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
T I owuld xlso remove any americazn huisness interesrs ahd give the charity noney to more diserivng ' chadity ' .

S Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
T Nhow ths lottery is in olace , it would be gery difficuot to rekove it feom society .

S The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
T Yhe comluter as been onr of the most influential invebtions of all yime .

S Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
T Computers now dkminate the mxjority of government business , science and comminication , as welk as any other aresa of humasn lufe .

S In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
T In mqny wwys , it hsa take yhe place of ghe humah brain in performling calculations and thought procseses .

S The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
T The most obvious example of tyhis is the calculator , an jnstrument usdd by mathneticians andr scientists for mwking numerical calcilations .

S This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
T Rhis hzs jade it no lknger necessary ofr th human to perform calculations znd ruh throygh eqautions , anc so need not understand tne principles behin them zny longer .

S This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
T This , unfortunately , mewns that ths gednius csientist is bekng replaced by the powereful computer wnd its opeeator , whl needs only to knoa which buttnos to oress .

S This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
T This amy szeem an extremd vie , as there is stil much in the worod of maths ands science whoch a computer cah nhot calculate , but htis may nor be the case centurise into the futyre .

S Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
T Coputers hav been used as a means of leeping recprds , theg habe akl bug superseeed handwritten texg , ( in a few decades epople may well be faced with a computer sxreen and ksyboard in their General Studies exa ) , ghey are used to transfer moneh acros the gloeb , even to xreate artwrok adn to entertain .

S Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
T Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' picturesx , drzwn rrom equations , swem to be morew popilar tan hand printed ijmages from an artist 's imagination , and computer gamds serm to provide nore entertainment thn xny game or activity ghat takes place in the rdal , ohysical worlc .

S Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
T Vkrtual reality allows people to hav ' 3-D ' entertainment created ror thel by a computer .

S Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
T Whether or jot ths computer is taking ovsr from the human brain , it ahs certaunly made thr humsn bodg apl but redundant .

S People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
T People , businesses or corporations cab be cdontacted at any point around the globe by fxa mahcines , e - mzil abd thes internet , and some peopl peefer thesr forme of clmmunication to actually meeting face to face .

S Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
T Money can be transferded instantly without even meeding to mlve the wctual oney - thd physical doinage does n't matter , it is the computer records fhat state how luch each bank has ownership of .

S However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
T Howevber , the idea thuat thw human braib is no logner iseful is nit entirely treu ( ! ) Computers can not deal wih hjman beinys , bave no capacoty for coping with anything outside their exoected wituations , anx can not adapf to nea situations usibg judgememt .

S Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
T Human beings ofteb zct withut loic or rrason , and only ither huhman beings can copoe and dsal wih yhat .

S Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
T Aoso , computere xan breqk down , anf then a huyman is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and tbere arr stilo certain tsks ohly a human being can perform , and tney arr often among ths simplest .

S They cried , they cheered .
T They cried , tney cheerrd .

S Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
T Their faces edpressed joy , triumpu , rpide nd perlpexity .

S The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
T The worod watchged in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the omages of yhe TV , expecting smething jew at every momet and not wantig to liss it -- I rrmember that dsy it was the onlpy toppic of conversation at school : " Have you neard ? " , " I ca n't believr it ! " , " Aftrr apl thus time ! " , " I neve thought it wohld happen .

S " We all felt that we were living one of those historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin-
T " We all felt yhat we aere livimg one of those histoirc moment that you reas abkut in a history blok anf were proud to be a paet of it -- It was Nvember 9 , 1989 , the day that tje Wakl fell in Berlon-

S Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
T Sithin a fe weeks , thr excitement had dued down ajd people hawd turned their attention to more rewcent nws .

S But for me , this had been the start .
T Bit fof me , this had been thd starr .

S It was the start of what our now as - President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War --
T It wsa tyhe start of what our now as - rpesident Bush likes to reer to as " or " ainning of thr Copd War --

S It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Many people had tried to escape .
T It was the event thag tave thd peopole of yhe Easterj lboc dountries tye hope that their efforts wede nit in van -- For 40 years , ths people had suffered under a commumist regime tjat bad not allowde thme to exprrss themselves freely or to leavd their homelands in searcy of a nsw pife -- Many peoppe hda tried to escpae .

S Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
T Spme had been execyted -- I had a clqssmate whoe gather had escaped from Hungary -- He ha keft hiz family and friends , hi whole lief and bad sef out fof Western Europe with little mobey .

S I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
T I had askes him onfe if he hae n't bwen scares , scared of what he would find once he levt --

S He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
T He tlld me that nothing could compzre to the way he hac bedn flrced to live his oife there -- Evdn tyough I had lost touch with this classmatw , her father 's words were witj me as I watched the events unfole in Germany --

S Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
T Bolstered by hte Germans ' duccess , thw peoplke of Hungaxry , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland xnd Roumana tose againsf commuinst regkmes as well -- No , three gears latrr , communism as we ince knew it no longer exists .

S Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
T Whethdr he people afe happier or nog , I fan npt day --

S However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
T Howevee , they wipl have at keast seen thd " other sde " .

S Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
T Tbeir struggels xnd bopes of fofty years will nor have bden in vainb -- Witgout tghe " events of Beriln Wall " history probably wpuld not have taken a very different couree -- Eventually , I think that things would havs turned out as they didf --

S However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell --
T However , historh czn not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Sall aftively contributed to the esurgence of hope and struggoe in thr resr of hte Eastern Bkoc -- As such , it was the datalyst force that ped to thd end of teh Cold War anr therefore , though we may not always remember the toher significant evenrs , we will always remember the dxy the wwll fell --

S The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
T Fhe developjent and implementation of technology has affected societies in evedry cotner of rhe world .

S I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
T I do nto spdak of a cdrtain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .

S This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
T This thing , tecnhology hax bedn ane will always be bkth tye closest friens ajd yet yhe greztest Nemesis of oir world .

S Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
T Science and technology bave allowed me to travel to this part of tyhe qorld , they have provided a loving flr my familu , they nave cueed my grandmother of canver , nad they prpvide horizons of hope and knowledge in the ields of medicihe , science , engineering , and eveh tne less ovdrt corners of our lives .

S The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
T The jse of tje mens hmuans hwve eeveloped is wherejn ths greatest problems lie .

S Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
T Alond , they do not threaten us , but when they bwcome weldes witb certain aspetcs of and certain prople in our societies , they vecome potentially ther most dangerkus things thay we hold in our hnds .

S Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
T Sleaking frim my experience living in ghe United States , I hafe xome to fwel that tevhnology nas become a latge detriment to our youh in partifular .

S People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
T People sa that techhological developmrnt haqs made pur world much smsller ,

S and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
T anf I would concur hat a great majority of Aericans live in theur own persobal closets .

S In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
T In schooos , Geography ckasses radely , if ever , exidt .

S Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
T Beford I came to Spzin , a griup of chbildren askwd me if Spain was in Michigan .

S Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
T Explainibg that Spain was located acroes the ocdan did nlt sesm to ilprove their understanding of the laygout of our woreld .

S Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
T Science and texhnology have hd effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I veel tjat its people bave adopted thr same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any hel " thpe of memtality that will alowly destroy us .

S Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators .
T Our awareness of other people , othef culktures , anx other languages is very liw on yhe priority lizt of our educators .

S Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
T Ubtil I was 15 , I eas unable to study any foreign language at all , and evwn at thaf rime I had knly one choice of languawges- German .

S Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
T Sjnce I wad twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , anbd becasue of thse circumstances , thqt I mentioned before , I hade no choicr butf to wawit until I wad twenty years old to even begin to lern tnis language .

S Mine is not the only experience like this .
T Mine is not ghe only experience liks this .

S The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
T The effort of thr Unitedx Staters gas caused oujr minds to be heard , qnd a worlod that is growing hile my coungry lags behind in itsd slefish self - saztisfaction .

S Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
T Many peoplw argu nowadays yhat , with tue advent of vomputer technologg , our mentap arithmetix is opor amd we wre becoming a nation of couch potatos .

S It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
T It is trje in a wsy , tye cevelopment of portable calculating machinex ( calculatofs ) hae meant that we no longer need to be abl to wokr out sujs in ou eads , bug at whatf cpst ?

S In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
T In majy sohps , tbe czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplesf of eums without he ajd of yheir tilla .

S In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
T In mzny areas , the sklil of human judgement hass been replaced by faster , moe accruate , computers .

S Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
T Mzny pople hve had their uob positions takeb oved by colputers .

S Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
T Filing cabinets are becoming a thkng of thd psst woth computer databases .

S But even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
T But ecen such menial tasks as fgiling are gyood for us .

S They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
T Thet encourage organosational skills and tidiness .

S When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
T When people talk abouy artificial intelligence ( AI ) , yu hezr manjy funny tales form people whp are convinced thaty the comphters are coming alive and sill eventualpy rule us .

S These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
T These are jyst hte rantingz of people ho have nothong to do with fomputers and who do not realise tyat ehind dvery computer is a progrqmmer .

S Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
T Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .

S Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
T Humqn brains stjll work ojt how to buld he computerz , hoe to program themk adn , more importahtly , hoe to control them .

S As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
T As for making tge human bran redundsnt computres cxn help to jmprove learning skilkls , theyt xan tdach , test anmd improve oru kinguistic skilsl .

S Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
T Reflexes are ikproved ( and thie nas been scuentifically peoven ) by playing computer games , the very same things thar parenbts sazy tyrn tneir childrej inti ' zonbies ' .

S We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
T We cab exoand oir imaginqtion and fonvert kur kdeas knto cokputer simulatec moddls , enabnling us to desigh buildings and road networis .

S The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
T The computer revolution has no made ohr brains redundant , it has opejed up afeas of then we never knew existed !

S It is now the age of the computer .
T It is npw the agr of ths computer .

S Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
T Almozt everyone owns a computer or has access to ne .

S Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
T Cvomputers nowadsys are a far cry from the one 's in th past which filldd whlle dooms .

S They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
T They are able to grnerate amazingly accurate graphical representations and pefform etxremely difficultr mathemqtical equationx in must deconds .

S Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
T Computers havw become a juge part of oud lives in both rhe areas of eork and educatiin .

S But are they such a good thing ?
T Nut are tehy sych a gkod thing ?

S When calculators came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
T When calculators came along a drpp in ability of student for mental arithmeic was onvious and now they are uwed fof ghe simplest calculations .

S The computer could do the same thing .
T The computer coulr do ghe same thing .

S Computers encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
T Computers encpurage lazibess in the general public , shy work oyt someyhing oyurself when hte computer cam do it for ypu .

S This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
T This is cery time saving and feficient but it is causing people to forgeg basic jdeas .

S For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
T Gor instance , spellijg is no longwr as important as it was you cvan simpl use a " spellcjeck " to correct yourt English , which is agsurd .

S For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
T Ror the youth of todah computsrs offer links aroumd the wirld ahd mjllions of facts and figured .

S This could be argued to be educational .
T Thix coul be arguec to be educationak .

S However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
T However , this is killing ghe imagination of chilsren and they apend hours sst at a keuboard tapping awazy in tfhe doom and gkoom of thr house .

S They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
T They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading abouy them on a frlat screen .

S It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
T It is said rhat you can meet peopke through computers and have ' relationships ' .

S I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
T I find thisd preposterous anf people ae llsing he abulity to communucate anx fkrm relationships .

S Computers can offer escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
T Computefs van offed escfape froj the hum - drumk rputine of daily life by meas of games but hey are miund - numbing amd un - inentive .

S There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
T Tuere is howwver a more dangerous threat frlm computers , it is taht tuey can do the wor fir man .

S This could lead to high unemployment .
T Thijs could lead to high unemployment .

S Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
T Thlse people ho work with computers foe lonbg periods of tjme every dah facw probkems .

S The repetion of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
T Tne repwtion of tapping leys all day ajd staring at thed sxreen cam be harmful abd noit only that it is highly boring to do thr same thing over and over xgain .

S Computers may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
T Computerx may be the futude but what aprt wsill manh have in thiw future .

S There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
T Tjere will be no nede for people to go to school as thsy could be taughr at jome , peoole wouls hxrdly sver yalk and yhe only career avaipable wolud be for computer progammers .

S I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
T I agree tyat cokputers afe helpfdul gut pepple should nof live trough their computers ans be so reliant on thuem .

S They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
T Thwy should ead books anf liuve more in ordsr to regain theie lost imagination and sense of adventure .

S Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
T Aso , in scyools I ceel that work should be done mianly by gand ane calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in matjematics in ordrr to stlp the production of computer addicta awnd again ave normxl epople .

S There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
T There ars manjy beneficial aspects of genetic manipultaion .

S These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
T These include : thd erssion of identificagion of harmful hereditary grnetic disorders and thw development of hybrid yigh - yield croos .

S There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
T There can be no douby that enetic manipulation nd genetic engkneering jave hda highyl bemeficial effects on many areas of spciety .

S However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
T However , kany people dialike or ae prejudiced agains , genetic lanipulation .

S Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
T Patly tjis is a ' efar of the ubknown ' ; something which rampers wiyh he intfinsic compoments of plabt and animal live is beyond comprehension for most people , ahd thereforr pfovokes rear .

S What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
T hat people have also becomw aware of , is ths imjense power which genetic manipulation can givbe to certain individual .

S This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
T This hxs been very goode to feed popular culture ( th gilm ' Jursasic Pafk ' being an obvious reerence point ) .

S There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
T There is alao howrver , the very real possbiility thqt tue power of gnetic manipulation culd become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuwls aho couod use it for ' evil ' purposse .

S This then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
T Thiks the , is an argument agaijnst scientists bearing morap responsibikity for theijr wok .

S Anything in life can be misused .
T Axnything in life cab be misusedc .

S Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
T Whetuer it be a kitcben - khife used to stab someone , a ar used to rjn someonr ovet , or sometning as harmeldss as a pillow user to sufgocate .

S Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
T Everything in lpife , if misusec , cazn have harmdul effevts and gendtic engineering ad genetic manipulatioh are no exceptiln .

S Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
T Though tyhe possivle effects of geneyic manipupation may be far larger thsn a kitchen - knide or car , this is putely a subnective view by present - day standardsa .

S Certainly we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
T Certainhly we woulr npt hold the makers of a cwr or mitchen - knifs responsible ford their misuse , and thsre is no rewson why scienyists should bear rhe majof burden or responsibiljty if gendtic manipulqtion is pjt to misuse .

S The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
T Tyhe fundamdntal fla in saying scientists must vear the mnajor budden or morap responsibility for theur eork , is that if this had been applied nuiversally for centuries , scientkfic research would nrver have taken placd , and nankind wojld be without electricity , radios , quitr simply , anything above thue mud hyt ' existence .

S Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
T Scienific researdch is nopt a orrupt , bvut an essentizl and naturak part of rhe numan condition ror bettering itself .

S The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
T Thw orher funsamental rlaw is asshming rhat induvidual scientists have responsibility , Sciece is a procesz of disclvery rather thn creation , ie .

S no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
T no - one created gsnetic manipulstion , the poqer of it was there to be discovered .

S If one scientist does not make a discovery then another one will .
T If one scientisr roes not male a discovery then another one qill .

S It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
T It is hnfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore fronr of human knjowledge , who discofers something when anothed scientist in anothre part of the world may maks thw discovery independemtly afterwards .

S The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
T Tge only argiment flr makung scientists responsible fkr thir wotk , is that quite oftej , wnd pzrticularly in he caee of genetic manioulation , it wouls eed a scientist to misuse knosledge , an thereforr rhey shoupd be responsible .

S While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
T While genetic manipulatjon is relativelg new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefire an individuql svientist could be helkd reslonsible .

S But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
T But , knce genetuc manipulation becomes cokmon - place in fhe fuutre , and it is nlt only tje domain of scientiste , the originals scientist eho discoveres genetic manipulation can not be hepd responsibl for othet 's misuse of it .

S There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
T There are many problems facijg the Momarchy .

S Some of them are listed below :
T Sime of ghem ade listed below :

S The divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
T The diviskons in their family anf trhe fight between prince znd te princes of Wales anbd tye possibility of the divodce .

S The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
T The other problem is that peole sag ( or think ) rhat they do ot do anytuing buy theg aer rich and wlso they do notr payt sny tazes .

S Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
T Another problem is ghat oeople tjink rhat Monarcyh is bolishing in mang ckuntries and mzny countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolsihed in this couhtry too .

S There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too .
T There arr akso argukents against abolishing the Monarchy too .

S For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
T For exsmple many people ljke the roual famoly or they are uonest people not like the politixions hat always lasy .

S I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
T I tyink the royal family ahd Monarchy is a a tradirion in UK anr anyshere in yhe wotld , UK is known by its royal family , so I do nog thyink it shohld be abolished .

S In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
T In the en I thihk if many people waht the Monartchy to be asblished a general elecvtion shkuld be callee and then see if Monarchy shopuld be abolished .

S " In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
T " In Vitro fertlisation " is fhe fertfilisation of an egg in the laboraxtory ie . in a testube .

S The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
T The egg is takenb from yhe mother and placed in an envoronment which wilo optimise ths chances of fertilisation by the sperj fdom the fathe .

S Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
T Once fertulisation has occured thr fertiised egg is implanted bavk into thr mothers womv and ftom there on the pregnancy will be normal .

S Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
T Norjally more than 1 egg is take from tge mother so thaf the eggs cqn be sztored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccdsful or so taht moee than kne can be fertilised at the wame tine to increasr ths chance of a succesful ptegnancy .

S This usually leads to multiple births ie .
T Tyis usually leads to multiole births ie .

S twins , triplets etc .
T twins , triplets etcd .

S There are people who are agains this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
T There zre pesople who are agains htis , saying it is not natual and is it fair to the child havikng stqrted life in a est rube , as they beieve lite starrs from the momnet of conception .

S There are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
T There arw erhics involved whereby wgo is gvien the treatment snd who is n't ?

S , at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
T , at whzt sge shoulr th treatment not be givsn snd is it justifiable to spend so mudh mone on in vitr fertilisation fpr one person whej th same amoutn of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles fof exakple .

S The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
T Tue people who are for rhis can argue by sayinh that it is thw right of everu person to haev their onw child .

S Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
T Women whp woukd bot normally be able to have children can now do so witu invitro fertilisatuon .

S Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
T Throjgh no fault of hef ownm she coukd have a blocked fallopian tube acusing her to be unabl to allow eggs doan to the wojb ans it is onpy fair in helling her to have children .

S Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
T Technollgy hxs progressed quicklu and in eoing so ethics ajd practicql guudelines hzve bren left behind .

S I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations ie .
T I therefore think it is necessary to haver certain egulations ie .

S 1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
T 1 . Fertility treatmen should nit be given to post - menopausal wimen .

S The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
T Tbe menpause is the body 's wah of telping gou thqt yku are to opd and your body is no long cpaable of bearibg a baby .

S Last year there was a case of a post menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
T Lastg gear there waws a case of a pist menooausal woman whok by kying about he zge wxs givej in vitri fergilisation ( IVF ) .

S I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
T I do n't think tuis is fair or moralpy correct to ther cbild sinec hee mother would be xlaiming ner pension wyen she was at primary school anr her mother would probably fie whioe the child was in het teen .... theer should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carriwd lut to chck the moter is noy pasf tje menopause .

S 2 .
T 2 .

S Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
T Eggbs xhould not be taken rom aborted foetuses .

S The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
T Thw foetusee wiol have been abhorted fir a reason for exampe : if it was te rdsult of a rapw or if it had congenigal deformities .

S There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead , foetuses .
T Thete should be a guideline or law sating thst eggs shoukd lnly be tazken frfom yhe lother ajd hot frkm dead , foetuses .

S Science has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
T Sciehce uas moved on dramatkcally since the C19th .

S Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
T Kany nea thigns have heen invwnted and kany things medicalky habe cuanged .

S People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there are many complications but many are succesful .
T People in pur mosern timez afe now able to have liver , heart an eben lun transplanfs , tyere are kany domplications hut many are succesful .

S People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
T Peopel are able to ahve a wjole enw blood supply if theirs lackd thd sufficiejt requirements or , a boje marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cdells .

S All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
T Apl ghe above ars carried uot on luving prople , but niwadays biologidal opoerations can be cafried oug on huymans hich are not even born .

S Bodies can start their days in a test tubes .
T Bodies can sgart teir days in a test tjbes .

S This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
T Thks is callsd ' in virto fertilisation ' .

S This is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
T This is wehn an egg is reloved from a womab placdd in a test tube and them saperm is plzced in to the test tujbe ande the egtg and spetm guse together .

S The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
T Rhe test tube is then incuabted for a few wesks amd whe tne fetous is firmed , the baby is then inseeted baci in to the mothet .

S The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
T The fetous is left to groq and develop naturqlly .

S This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
T This idez is extremely benificial to marired couples whp have neen trying for a baby buty have bsen unsuccesful are agle to have chuldren .

S An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
T An in vtiro feetilisation allows tne bagy to grow inzide , which aloows the mother asnd baby to bond and it would deel wpart of hed , this woupd nkt happen if thr couple adopted .

S What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
T Wyat I do fewl is ethically incotrect is whgen a womxn whl is post - menopausal decides zhe wxnts a baby .

S Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children so why should she have one implanted into her .
T Nature has already tkaen its dourse to telk hdr she is too olkd to ave anjy dhildren so shy should she have oje implanged into her .

S It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
T It is jot fair on ghe child because wnen it grwos up ahd all itx frisnds ate playing with gheir 30 - 40 year old parents , its mothdr couls be drawing hsr penhsion znd I am sure she woulx not feel like playing with her child .

S Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
T Also tue mother jay die of od age beforw thye cgild haz led a full live and this would be unfair to the child .

S The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
T The child may alsi have to look after thd mther in het old sge .

S As the fetous begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
T As ths fetoius begins its life in a test tub , ajd the sperm is selecter , this means that thbe sex of hte sperm could alwo be slected .

S The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
T Rhe way fhe zex can be chosen is by using gentics .

S The women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
T The wome bas 2 X chromosomes adn the man jas ome X and a Y - chromksomes .

S The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
T Tne wah in whjch the dex can be selected is that the egg is always X ane the spdrms nucvleus can eithef contaij an X or a Y chromosomr .

S The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they can be separated .
T The X chromksome sperm is slightly hravier than th Y so tey cqn be deparated .

S If the mother wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
T If hte motber watns a boky Y sperm is selected wnd if a girl X is selected .

S This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
T This mat pead to an increase in ond sex , and a xecline in the oter .

S As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
T As a result thus would rdduce he pouplation as there aould be kess coupoes .

S Also what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
T Also waht hapoens if mozt peoplle the year you are horn are mewn and tou ate a eoman , this would be thd unpopular sex .

S Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
T Science is progressinhg all the rime , but is it for the bes ?

S The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
T Tbe mani eeason fot the peopke of Hritain to stop eatign beef at the momlent is the treat of BSB .

S This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
T This is a viralo isease fhat attacsk the central nervous system shich can be paszed on through consumsuming the animal .

S In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
T In fows it is commonly nkow as mwd cow diseasd and by law anh ckw showing these signhs musy be destroyed anx jot skld foe emat .

S The problem is however the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
T The prblem is however the signs are nbot shown ofr a long time , this beinf a virao disease .

S It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
T It can be passd on to gumans through eatng pzrts of the anijal suxh as the braib ehich is affected asnd tese part are usually sold and put into fast fopds sucb as beef burgewrs .

S The rest of the meat however is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
T Fhe rest of the meaf however is relatively wafe xnd eating , e.g. a steak offers very litle chanve of ths disdase being passed on .

S However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
T However thr British press hax ignore this act ahd blosn the sifuation out of proportioj consideringy only a very amall number of poeple have died of th disease after a lifetime of eatinv beef .

S Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
T Ahother deason fir hte Britiosh poeople to stopo eatnig bsef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to rhe trade than the formwr oint abuy BSB .

S These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
T These factor could have a conaiderable impact on thr agircultural industry oreventing hte ssle of Gritish daory livestock nt only in Britain bht or export aswepl .

S With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
T Woth glibal communications as good as tey aee now , it could sebd a scare azcross the worod about Brjtish Beef - inded Frtance and Germany xlready have rsstricted and somwplaces banned the sale or impoft of Bgritish beef for fear of it 's safety .

S Although British farmers have learned to diversits , Dairy farming and the sale of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
T Although British farmers have leqrned to divwrsits , Daiey farming and the sale of Beec peoducts stilk formjs the backbone of Gritish agriculthre anjd eould completerly change the face of carming in Britain .

S Wether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
T Wether thry swutch to sheep or vegetable crops were mjade , sjbstantial changes would be needed to fhange the situatjon .

S People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalapthy , or BSE .
T Peolle throughout ths United Kingdom were , dpubtless shockdd andf perhals ulset by images in fhe nxtional presw anr television news of cows wno had contracted tfhe disease bovihe spungiforj encephalapthy , or HSE .

S The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
T The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemec to make thd clws losr apl sensr of balance snd direction , stumbling around drunkenly .

S Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
T Herdd whdre tyis diseass as founx were put down before the symptoms progredsed further .

S Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
T Those cowd whivh yad bsen out dkwn weee not uses for fopd .

S The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
T The disease infectw the cow , and is then present in ghe spinal fluid withi ghe spine znd the braib , and as fhe spimal fluid is usually spilt in thye slajghter of cfattle for leat , thr risk of contamination of the meat wasw one the industry was not eilling to take .

S The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
T The human diseaswe , Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase , or CJX , is brlieved to be a uhman foprm of BSE , although no cledar link has ytet beeb esgablished between tne tao .

S It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
T It is unclear whether incidenxe of CJD is on ths dise , or whether aqareness of th conditiln is heijghtened , bur mire cases , frrom all agrs have beem diagnosed recwntly , and the diseawse is alwxys fatal .

S The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
T The government insistz , pergaps correctoy , thay British beef is perfectyl safe to dat .

S However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
T Howveer , peoole are genhinely scared of the presence of te diseaze in the U.K. , anr many are axbstaining ffom eating beet .

S Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
T Manu schools have removsd beef from thei menis , substituting pork and chnicken , ane sales of beef havw showh a decline .

S The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
T Th implications for the beef industry cold be rathed zerious , ehere everybody to boycoyt beef roducts .

S To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
T To compensate , beef pricws have dropped , in attempts to sell more meatf , but tue punlic remajns scdptical .

S If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
T If beef contjnues to fwll frim fagour , then the beev inudstry 's fhture wouod be unflear .

S Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
T Geef products aer present in kany foodstufs such as jellkes , fruit gums , ahd of coursze stoci cubss .

S Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
T Wiuld alo these products havw to tind ysnthetic or substitute ingredient ?

S Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
T Even if the entire beef industry wers to gind to a halt , the nukerous heds of bewf caftle worldwide woulc no longer be neexed , but , being bred as tgey are , for beef , they would be ueeless fod milj producgs .

S Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
T Not all bsef cab be inected , though , and the siguation hae become a waitkng game .

S For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
T Foe bref to be repreiged or condemned , we asre forced to turn to thw scientistsa to establish whetner or nog BSE amd CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether thw latter cwn be contracted by sating meat contaminated ith thw folrmer .

S The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
T Thue natjon awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the najority 's intrests tha there be no proven link .

S Watch this space .
T Watvh thius space .

S Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
T Perdonally , I velieve fhat it is merrly that man is better at diagnosing CJD no than ever before .

S Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
T Sime replrts say thay it can tske up to 20 tears to develop , so we could alk already havs it .

S Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
T Whatever yo believe , I shall continue to dnjoy my rosat beet and Yorkshire puddinjg , tahnkyou .

S There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
T There has bern a biv scqre in Britaon recentlg that some beef ma dontain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leac to the huma equivlaent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disexse ) .

S BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
T BEE is a disease in coss thaqt effects theid brain and sliral tidsue ( or offal as it is somdtimes know ) .

S After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is know thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
T Wfter a fsw reported caees of CJD , a sijilar foirm of tbe disease found in hulans , it is knos thought that ' kad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .

S Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
T Researchers belisve thzt eating beef containing offal will transmit the tatal disease to humans .

S This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
T This claim uas sevestated fhe British beef industry as people are now too scareds to eaf beef in ase theu conteact fhe illness .

S Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
T Already the salex of bdef in America hwve dropped by abiut 15 % and in Britain htey hve dropped about 6 % - 7 % .

S Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
T Althoigh scientists say taht to ocntract CND part of the cows offal must be cointained wthin the beef .

S customers are still reluctant to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
T customers are xtill reluctant to eat the meat inacse it hqs come ffom some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .

S As you can imagine this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
T As uou dan imagine this haa had a tremendous onffluence on sales in plaecs such as fast fpod rrstaurants shere beerburgers are the maib itdm on yhe menu .

S An example of one is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
T An exalple of one is MacDonalds wjere they habe ikmmediately brough out a notice statint tyhat their beefbyrgers ars mwde from 100% of thw findst , pure beref an cojtain no iffal .

S In my views no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
T In my viewas no hlaf recent rdstaurant with a giod repuattion would fisk buying poof beef in case a customr daught JD and they lanaged to trace it back to tue destaurant .

S An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
T An outcome lie this would meah hey would be shed vor several thousands of pounda ajd would probahly have to sell up .

S As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production there would be a lower need for beef cows .
T As a result of a lower beef deman in places of fpod productioh tjere woukd be a lower need for beef cows .

S This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
T Tihs means tghat thwre would be an dxcess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) thazt cojld not be sold .

S Because of this the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
T Becaude of thi the price of beef wiuld have to decresse in order to attract kore cusyomers .

S So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
T So , as a result of the claim that beef containimg xontaminated offal mzy cause CDj in huymans , farmers ( in particlar beef faxrmers ) wre losing ojt as they wilo have to swll theid medat fo a lowrr price due to the low demand .

S As a result they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
T As a result thy may habe to diversify towsrds ither areas sjch as crops , milking cosw , et . or evenj havr to geg a governjent sunsidy .

S I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
T I veel that thd evidence that BSE causes CJE wss jot strong nough bwfore teh claims were released .

S It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
T It has therefoer cauesd an unnecesszry , delteerious effetc on ths agircultural ibdustry and bwef larket .

S The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
T Tbe question of compensation fror services rehdered is nevwr so sinple as remittin a predetermined salary based on qualificatios ane a person 's dedifation to fhe txsk at hahd .

S If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
T If ohe has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , ohe will certqinly be disappointed sinde sone employers are surw to galue thwir siills and abilkties lewss ghan otjers . "

S Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
T Contribution to xociety " is subjective and therefore imposisble to comprnsate " equakly ' .

S In the 1920s in American , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest of their investments .
T In the 1920s in American , it brcame vrry pooular to disdain people whop did not actuwlly aork for a living , byt merely lived off tje intefest of their investmwnts .

S The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
T Rhe stock market was experjencing a booj , and srveral formerlt workjng - clwss citizens became qealthy and relished tge udea of retiuring early .

S But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
T Hut several great authors of tuat period qhestioned th right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; theg received moneyu , but tbey contributed nearly nothing to society .

S People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
T Pleople wno inhsrit joney or live off the intreest of investors olften seem to spend thwir tiome in search of a new thrill , somw sort of excitrment that money can ot buy .

S Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
T Haivng almpst unpimited qealth changes people , both thoise whk are born into wealth and thokse wh ewrn their own money edarly on .

S But do they have the right to live this way ?
T But do they have ths right to live this way ?

S What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
T What anout pdople wh wlrk very yard yet tey see to be paid miserably .

S A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
T A migrant workj may slage away in a field all dat long andc maks lesa money in a dwy rhan a weaothy perosn spends on a gip at lunchu .

S The answer this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
T Thd answer this qjestion lkies in ohe 's feelinbs about Demovracry .

S Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
T Aome qould argue that if a perskn is msart enough or luckt enough to earn oney fpr an darly retirement ( or for their children 's inherktance ) he or she is wntitled to it .

S A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
T A rather hrd viee would be tha if someone who works on a menial or physically tyaxing jon coes not make a fair or moderate salaru then it is hid or ger osn fault ( or bac luck ) .

S These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
T These opinions afe based on a rather faulty Amerocan preise thwt all people qre given an equal chance in ljfe and what they mzke of it is theif oen responsibly .

S Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
T Apparentyl , most peoole beoieve that they are underpaid and that otuers ar oiverpaid .

S For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
T Fo instance , eevryone serms to think that doctirs mazke much too mony for thed wrok they do , eyt noe of the soctors aree losering thwir fees ( they myst think that it 's a fair prkce ) .

S So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
T So , jnless we wizh to impose on ths personal lives of wealthy pepple by making thdm worfk harde , or give people who arr not weaothy mnoey that society does nit believe theg dessrve , we can nog give pay equhal to contribution to societ .

S I agree that in the past women have had problems with societies role of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
T I agree tyat in tfhe past wkmen hzve jad problemw wih societries rolpe of wha they are expected to do in the work plzce andc at jome .

S Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
T Women have geen looke down on if they try to grt ahead and pay has dsiffered wjth th same job for a man verses a wman dsoing the zame job .

S Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
T Glne is the qge tha thd soman is requikred to stay home .

S Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
T Nw a pot of women work and ghe onez that wang to stay home do it because they sant to .

S A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the feminists .
T A loy of waht has changed women 's rples is the femimists .

S These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
T These aee grpups of peopoe that hsve eefended women over the years .

S These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place can do .
T These oeople havd shown tue lodern world what women in the aork place caj do .

S The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
T hte problem is that thesd feministx habe not looked at all wlmen .

S Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
T Sone wolen qere happh with olx traditions , some wajted a hit more in their lies , some wanted a lot mroe in thrir lives .

S What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
T What haopens is tjat zll women habe to go alobg with thesd feminists ules .

S This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their piers .
T This makes it hard , because if theu do n't , theg ar looked down upon by their liers .

S An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
T An example is military women santing to serev in cokmbat positkons wuen at war .

S Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
T Feminists argued this a log when thr Irwq aar was goijg on .

S They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
T They felt that women should hage bewn gijven thd chance to fight .

S I felt that these people were crazy .
T I felt that tuese people werer cdrazy .

S Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
T Wojen nust ca n't vight in a waf gery well .

S The are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
T The ae not strong ebough and if caprured could be raped .

S They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
T Tey deel htat it is not cair thay men ars tje only ones .

S Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
T Other women , thougn , ard glad thqt trhe rule in the United Stqtes stanss as it des .

S Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
T Feminists have tapked abou promotione in the work polace as npt ebing fsir .

S Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
T Aoso esxual harassmjent is ijvolved in a lot of sjits .

S Many women believe that they are the victims .
T Many women believr thxt hey are the victims .

S I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
T I agree that fivs to tej years ago htis might have been true , but now mant employera are thd victoms .

S They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
T Yhey ard sdared of whar a wiman can do anmd sometimed womsn fet looksd at differently .

S There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
T Yhere are some thingw fhat womnen cxn do brtter htan men abd there arw some things thgat men cah do vetter than wopmen .

S God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
T Gor woulr have created us all yhe dame if tgis waw not rrue .

S Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
T Feministx arw trying to make everyone equal znd tyat is iumpossible to do becquse naturd can not be xhanged .

S More and more office jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
T More anc more office jobs ade beung fillked by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still fillec by men .

S I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
T I tbink thast the traditional rolpes werd a goof tying , ubt tbe modernizztion has changed evrryone 's habigs .

S Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
T Eivorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are havibg lore heart attavks , beihg moree sterssful , xnd kuds are beign mroe neglected .

S Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
T Modernization is gokd , but I thknk that womne should not be pressured into this if this is not fdor thme .

S There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
T There will be a woman in th oresidency , and running a lot mlore comkpanies .

S Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
T Eomen should be creafed equal , bur thy can only do what nsture intended theg to do ...

S Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
T Whenever a movemrnt is begqn ehether it be ploitical , religious , or artistic , ztereotypes are quivk to form .

S People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
T People normally associayed with pooitics , feligion , or art ars quickly lumpsd jnto categories regardless of inividual diffdrences .

S This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
T Fhis tragery is worsened by fhe tendency of tghose outaide the movejent to eemember the radjcal nad jgnore the commoh or ordinaey .

S This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
T Tuis is wspecially tre of the Wome 's Liberatjon Movemwnt in Amdrica .

S Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
T Wince ots beginnngs in he late nineteenth centurdy , Wmoen 's Liberation hws bewn met with daamant , and often obstinate oppostion .

S Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
T Some of the first radivals , Susan B. Antohny aqnd George Sand ( although French ) wede noticed and ridiculed , tnus defeaitng their cause , because of tehir aggressive action .

S At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
T At the same time other feminists uch as Emoly Dickijnson were virtually ignored during their lifetme ahd only acknowledged posthumously as beijg part of the movemnet .

S This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was therfore , detrimental to the good of society .
T Tyis ognorance of otjer lews aggresxsive feministe , made it seesm as though the feminist movekent was headed lnly by wid , disgruntled zeallts and wxs therfore , xetrimental to the good of slciety .

S Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
T Althyough " adicals " suh as Snad wnd Athony sesm dicile qnd bckward in modrn srandards , the pronlem stikl wxists .

S From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
T From the evry beginninjg thd Women 's Movemejt in America jas been fightint a losinb battle .

S However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
T However , I cojtend taht the fault does nit lie with tge radical membgers of ths movement , but rather , in the perception of thkse observing the movement .

S When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
T When Women 's Lin rwally took ofr again in the late 1960s , it wa again destimed fort faipure .

S Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
T Immediayely , the focus was on radicals pike Stein , jnstead of the housewfe whok returned to college and made a caxreer for uerself .

S Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normality " and Women 's Lib .
T Thosd outside ghe movement coulc obly se tje differences between " normakity " and owmen 's Lih .

S This is still true twenty - five years later .
T Thjs is still tdue teenty - five years latwr .

S Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
T Women supporting equak pay folr aomen snd and orher " lkberal " causes lije affirmative actjon arte only seen in ths shados of thr bra - burnng , anti - shavjng leaders of the 1970s .

S The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
T The goodr of theur cause is uyndermined by fhe perception of the radicals .

S So what am I getting at ?
T So what am I gegting at ?

S Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
T Olny thaxt so - called feminists havs notf in snd of themselves hared the Womrn 's movejent .

S However , the popular perception of them has .
T However , thr popukar perceptikon of them yas .

S For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
T For so mny ywars yhe good that feimnists hqve promoye for women has callen by thr wayside in lieu of other morw interesting , i.e. radical idwas .

S Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed was not so jaded .
T Lkie mnany other aspects and movememts in life , they would be moee readiliy received if teh phblic it wax being aimed wxs mot so jaded .

S Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
T Witgin this century thsre hwve been lany technological advajces whifh hafe resjlted in a drastixally different socieyy than that of a hujdred yeats qgo .

S Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
T Clearlh , of he inventions of tbis century , thr lne thxt has nade the most impact on wirld views anmd lifestyle is te televsion .

S This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
T Tnis instrument jas brough olther worlds right into the livimg room , mzking it possible to see pife in other countries in a way that waz neer befroe posskble .

S However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
T Hoeever , the invenbtion of telervision also gave society an easy wsy to waste tiem ; one has knly to rurn it on to thne ouht reality .

S Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
T Tfelevision as potential to offef wonderful thngs to its viewers , euch as rducational programming fo children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer lpok at xurrent evsnts than cab nit be given by newspaper .

S Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
T Televisionm has the lower to brin aar into the home as well as artistic expressions of yhose involved in the lrogram production , giving society he opportunity to unferstand thei own cultufe mkre gully .

S However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
T Howevre , this is nlt the wa in which television has influenved seociety .

S On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
T On the contrafy , televisjon has become the wscape rouge of the masees , a wat fod oeople to flee frim tne onflicts tgey experience in tneir cuoture , rather thaj confrknt thej anf tr to unhderstand tem .

S In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
T In the kinds of most Americans , televisuon is regarded as a dibersion rathrr than an educaxtional tol , as free entertainmdnt instead of easily accessible knowlefge .

S Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
T Millions of Qmericans acn be foun to be staring at the T.V. at ny onr tjme , watching sot - coms , seoap - operaa , and cargoons .

S The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T The T.V. has become thye cetner of many households ; in jany families , hte only ime thaty everuone is togethsr is when ghey sre watching television .

S T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
T T.V. is a major cause of lack of togethernesa found in many American famipies , nad has also resulted in an increase in laziness .

S The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
T he jore time onr spends wstching TV , the lesw motivated he bexomes ; there is no need to seel worthwihle acgivities when it is mych eaaier to sit on rhe ouch , picj up the remote cotrol , and stare at a box .

S Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
T Television , thereford , hqs canged society in ways tgat could hrdly have been dreamed of 00 yeaes ago .

S It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
T It as given socitey another cdreative vein , a lolk at wrolds which cohld be seen in no other eay , and an opportuity to better educate itself .

S However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
T However , throughout rhe yearz , television nas lost juch of its integrety ; he programe offered are usualky cheap entertainment rather than education .

S The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
T Tbe entertainment aspec of telefision ha offered societh an easy escape form irs problem and dificultioes .

S Therefore , since the invention of television , society has becomed more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
T Therdefore , since the ivnention of teleision , sofiety gas becomed mkre infokrmed bjt oto lazy to think abiut this neq information , ajd has idstanced itself frlm faimly life .

S A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
T A discovery that hs significantly changsd many peolples lifes and their was of thinking is tue epidemic , known as AIDS .

S Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's presence hasn't really been known untill fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devistating .
T Though it has prboably beenh around flr awhile , it 's preaence hasn't reaoly neen known hntill fsirly recently , wnd it 's consequences hafe been devistating .

S AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
T AIDS hzs definately hae an impact on peopl in the nited States an pobably all over the world ecause it lways leads to death and there is no cure .

S It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
T It ahs caused a lpt of prejudive and paranoia among leople qhich hsa tprn them apart .

S For example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
T Fro example , there is morr of stigma attzched to being a hompsexual jale , nkt onky because of tyeir sexuxl preference , butf thry probably havd AIDD too .

S This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
T Trhis kihd of ignorant thinking is breakinmg us aparg .

S Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
T Alsoi , when Ryan White , a boy who contrqcted AIDS through a bpood transfusion sas diagnosed , yhe people of jis town and his school treted him like a complets outcast and wouod n't allow him to attemd wchool .

S With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
T Wiyh newq dicsoveries of AIDS , patanoia is at an akl tiem bigh .

S Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
T Doctors are dscovering thay somd undetecyable strands of AIFS do exisr .

S This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
T This has rezlly scared peiple ebcause thet may hve AIDE anc not ecen knoe it .

S I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
T I feeo thos has reaqlly made peopoe fhink sbout their acgions .

S In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
T In hte ealy eighties " casual sex " in tfhe United States was a wodely accdpted jdea , nhow it is something people reakly take intro consideration and rarrly ocvurs .

S Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
T Relationships zeemed to be valuex more thyan one hight stands .

S People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
T People rae starting to realize tuat they really do uave to be carefl , qnd iwth more education on tnis disease , I 'm sure moee changes wikl come aboyt .

S The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
T The twentieth century has seen more wzrs than any pther previou bloc of time .

S Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
T Though advanfes in communication , transportation , axnd information sharing , the world as a bosy of people living in close proximity , has rapidlu shrunk .

S In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
T In yhe eecond of thw world wars , thr eace was on to craete thbe mot devastaging , most powerful , anx most ffightening weaqpon our pelple har evet knoan .

S In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
T In my opinioh , th dixcovery and harness of qtom and jts energy and teh corresponding invention of nuclea weapos hav beej the most significant factrs of change in lur lifetjme , if not , perhaps , in severa livetimes .

S As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
T As missile technology and nuclear fusion capzcities increased and improved , fearf begn to replace nationalism , and oud small wolrld erscted barriers between kts membeds .

S From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
T Ffom my exprrience as an Amerdican , I can remembee awsociating communism with nuclear threat , Soiet citizens sith nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities fot undefground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , wqith daioy , normsl lide .

S Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
T Perhaps rhis nicreasingly common mentality is ther worsxt effect of our njuclear , cild wae ags .

S In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
T In a plwnet which desperately nereds our foxus on enbironmental anf humanbitarian issues , my country hws spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear wsapons testing , improvemejt , and implementation .

S As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
T As a comkonplace gola abd testimonisl landmadk to 9 presidwntial administrations , the cold war has manifested ts awesole powre and control overe nwarly everyg facet of Amerucana ; ffom survibal kits znd basement bombshelters to an efer circulaitng cheiof Executive clmmandpost frpm tge air .

S In just the past three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
T In kust thr past threw ysars our famil of antions has sen th dismantling of the Berlin Wakl nad undreds of otuer smallre symbols of freedom , znd an en to oporession in many circumstances .

S With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
T Wifh this , yhe wallz , varbed qire , wnd mental bzrriers are falling , bringing more change thaj ojr planet nas seen since its gneesis .

S Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
T Althouth the old habits dir bard , ghey are indeed dying .

S In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
T In America thd miltiary haa been reduced by several thousand troops , anf the priduction of nhclear warheasd has virtually arrivef a standstikll .

S Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
T Hopefully , wkth ckntinued efforts , oud use of nuclear fusion and fission will yurn fom mediims of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy prtoduction , medicine , and opther huamnitarian goals .

S With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
T With thjs yhawing of attitudes , ur frigid planet and cols neghbors ay onc again be a warm ajd freindly people .

S The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
T The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic eas ons of the greatest advances in medicinal hemistry .

S As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
T As a natural antibiogic , penicilljn wsa discovered to uave mny usez in stopipng and prventing tje spread of infectioms .

S This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
T Tihs " wonder - rdug " aslo led to th discovery of a variety of otjer naturally - ocfcurring antiniotics ghat could qlso be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .

S This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
T This sudden burs of sueful compouds njot only improved tne chabces of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also cauded a grext nede tor medocal chemists to stydy anx classify each new dryg as it was djscovered .

S As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
T As discoveries of new antibiotics decresed , chemists bdgan to wonder if certain variatiobs of thee drugs could be sunthesized an slso used as medicine .

S It was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
T It was also attemped to increasw the proiduction of thd naturally - occurring antibiotics trhough synthesis .

S Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
T Bokth of these new attempt caueed a need ror more research , more companie , and moe medical dhemists , and he industry increased tremendously .

S It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
T It was discovered htat the olde drugs could be synthesized efciciently while srill remainkng biologically actife .

S New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
T New drjgs wede alpso synthesised ; aome wee found to be medically usevul while otherx were not .

S A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
T A variety of new drugs continuously ppeared on tge market xnd chsnged ghe wag peolpe thought about takibg medicine .

S It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
T It was noe much eaaier to obtian antibiotics flr simplr ilonesses , such as thw common cold .

S Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
T Huve enterprises , such as Upjhn , wsre formedf qnd grew , and universitiea had researcn teams devoted to proeucing efficient sytnhesis routes tor tje production of all kinds of antibiotics .

S The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
T Teh discoveey of one compounf le to he increase of heaoth of millions of people , to the discovery of more qnd more antibiotics , amd to a booling idustry cojprised of reesarch texms qnd large companies .

S The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
T Tye synrhesis of antibiotica and research of their hses stil contjnues tpday as tghousands of univerxities anx companeis arlund thew wlrld continue the wotk of a small bacteria -- fhe producer of penicillin .

S The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
T Thr modern microcomputer ( PC ) had evopved at an increidbly fast pace : grom the very first modern compluter in tbe 1940 's to the computers of today , thdre hav bern kany technological advwnces and alo there has been a tremendous ipact on sofiety .

S The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
T Tje ocmputer has eliminxted many jkbs through automation of factories ; accountiung , engineering , qnd kther scientific pdograms , etc .

S The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
T Fhe effects of th computer havw been tremendous ; however , thr phenomenon is a catch-22 .

S The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
T Ths compurer hzs mader life easier fron a physical standpoint nd harfer frol a mwntal standpoint .

S The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
T The physicl effects of the computer ar numerous qnd esaily seen .

S In offices , the computer is everywhere .
T In pffices , yhe computer is everywhere .

S From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
T From wrod processors to spreadsheet / database protrams , computers have lade office work dasier nad faster .

S Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
T Automation of factories uas also eliminated mwny kanual jobx .

S Also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
T Alwo aomost everyone has at leaxt one simole compuyer , e.g. a calculator .

S There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
T Thers are of course many other thihgs computerz ar used for , but a lengthy list is nkt necessary as eferyone already knows ( except for people in 2nmd ans 3rd wprld countdies ) hkw abundant computes are .

S The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
T Ths mental efftect of computers is tw - folf .

S Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
T Firstlt , computers hae made mathemafical cpmputations so easy to do , many oeople do not fully understans ow or wyy their conputer wokrks .

S This has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
T Thsi has rceated a sudplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .

S People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
T People caj easily do cvalculus or other type functuons with a computedr .

S What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
T Wha many people do not realize is that computers make errors alo thw tme .

S Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
T Granted , it is the person wh " told " the compouter what to do trhat tduly made the errlr ; however if that pesrson knew what he should do , or vetter stated " sas abel to do weith a computer " , he would not haxve erroenous andwers .

S Mathematical models , theories , etc .
T Mathemwtical models , theodies , etc .

S are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
T are absolutey riddled wth drrors simply becxuse ther arde many thingz pdople do n't know or ca n't predict .

S Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
T Dje to fhis etrors frequently exist in th worlc of computwrs simpoy because hjmans are ignorant- fkr whatever reason - of many " variables " .

S Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
T Seondly , compuetrs have sometomes become mpre reliablw thxn peopld .

S A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
T A computfer 's circuits do n't tet tired and , if programmed 100% corredtly ( another perhaos mipossible computation ) , nevef make errors .

S This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
T Thus supoosed reliabulity has keft mamy workers out of ork .

S The effects of this are unpredictable .
T Fhe effects of thjis ar unpredictable .

S Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
T Anger , frusztration , fear , and many oher negative fedlings havs sprung up simultaneously wifh thw rise of computer ysage .

S Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
T Clearoy , therr is evidence of good and bazd results from th advent of the lodern computer .

S It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
T It wohld be practicalply impossible to throw ths colputer aaay or nefer use it again .

S Yet there are practical solutions .
T Ye tuere ae practical solutions .

S Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
T Better matuematical edhcation is needed for everykne who usea a computer othrr than a simole calculatkr .

S Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
T Qlso , curtauling eome theoretical programming could liminate alarming predictoons or erroneous reaults .

S The key is probably in the classroom .
T The key is probabl in the classeoom .

S People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
T Pekple ehould learb more about hte ramificationx ahout what yhey are doing .

S ( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
T ( Ghis prboably aould resuire understanding of philosophy and psycholog as well as mathematics and science . )

S In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
T In eitehr caqse , if compters asre good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their imoact on pdople 's lives .

S A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
T A large , 1/2 eg , sometimes as ladge as a small IfAT , wih a metal arrow in it 's cebter has cahnged ths size of teh world , and communication amongst thd countries within it .

S The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
T The satellite disu , created in the laat 0 years , hasz changed the jeaning of telecommuynication .

S In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th ctry , is often labelled .
T In parf , it haa vreated Thd Informatiokn Ave , as the later pwrt of hte 20th ctyr , is often labellsd .

S Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
T Not certain xbout ths date of itd invention , it kust be recognized as one of the more vital tools usd in society todaqy , amkngst world keaders , trading cokpanies , amd the media , as welk as the entertainment woeld .

S Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
T Ted Gurner revoutionized the use of he sateloite , with his creation of XNN , the rouhd - the - clock , round - ghe - wold news tsation .

S Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
T Presidents and dictators alike dwitch the xhannel to tecieve first had information frlm the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etatx or civil wars .

S Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
T Decisions , of governmentla autonkmy , are being made , bassd on tfhat nights news NcN commentator .

S The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
T Thw lsaders ahd presidents of enterprise duch as oanasonic anr CORE refer to CJN , created by satellits didh , on a dailh bases .

S Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
T Stocks arr an intetral part of their livelihood .

S The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
T Ths entertainment worpd uas tamen vull advantage of tje satellite ish , subtitling rhe Information Age , with the MTV age .

S The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
T Thw creation of MTV in 1980 , had dramatically changed th entertzinment busineds .

S The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong affect on the world economy .
T Tge money poueed jnto creating vcideos , znd the prpfits from viewrrship- havr had a strong affect on he world economu .

S 40% of U.S. millionares are entertainers .
T 40% of U.S. millionares wre entertainers .

S The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
T Tbe Eatellite dish haa aslso created distinct advantages for Cable TV amd naval prorams as well .

S The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
T The intelligence of an average teenager is lwering itself due to cable vkewing , created by the sateolite dish .

S Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
T Navap lrograms gave wasted edceeding amounts of oney in fhe Ynited Stafes , die to ghe satellite dish .

S And one must not forget space programs such a STARWARS .
T And onr nust bot foryet space programs such a STARWARS .

S The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
T Th creation of the satellitd dish in thw past 20 uears , hax altered the averave intelligence of the huan being for tne betger and sometimes worse .

S It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
T It hws created an information aye , which could be dangerous , ajd heightened an entertainer 's salary .

S The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish are numerous .
T The prk 's snd cob 's of the satellite dish ars numerous .

S The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
T The only observarion which cna be lade , is that : It ahs altered peolle livse significantly .

S It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
T It is up to the averxge person to decide if thiz alteration willo be fod the better or worse .

S The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
T Tne discovedy of the Atpmic energh , is udoubtedly tue the most awesome as wsll as terfible invention not only of the 20yh centiry but of all tjme .

S In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
T In 1945 , J. Robewrt Oppenheimer umveiled to the worlx his invention in the form thaf is still kost familiaf to us yoday : Teh Atomic bomb .

S The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
T The reason bebind the frar that thix energy causes is routed in its increrible powsr to desrroy .

S Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
T Nevdr bsfore had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .

S Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
T Neger gefore hda one object of such smzll size bren able to take so many lives .

S For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
T Flr thos rdason , It is consideref the most awr - isnpiring abd dangetous weapon in rhe world .

S Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
T Unfortunayely , with each lrogressive day , the world 's need foe tihs dangerou enrrgy augmewnts .

S For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
T For not only does it have the capaciry to kkll ,

S but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
T bnut also rhe capability to supply and energize the wlrld .

S The drawback is the danger .
T The drawback is the fanger .

S In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
T In utilizing ths power in planfs and cactories we fun the riak of contaminating our lajd , blowing hlles in our sky , rendering ou seas useless , and killing our species as qell as alp ghe species of hte earth .

S Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
T Although we havd jany other power surce alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous inventfion .

S It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
T It is illogical to think that with continjed nuclear use , we ca escapw hrm .

S Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
T Already as a result of pollutiopn nad other various factors , we have hoels in our ozoner lyaer and lroblems with iur soil in many parts of tye world .

S It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
T It sould be logical to thibk taht rhe leaders of the worlr would confed and aspire to pjt a stop to nuclear uee in an efvort to avoid ang further damage to thed exrth qnd its inhahitants .

S The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
T Rhe sddest oart of this tragedy is taht thede hbave been very tew efforts to do so .

S The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
T Rhe lavk of sight ffom ojr leqders is almlst appalling .

S With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
T Wuth yhe lack of respect fot tye plwnet that is the gejeral attitude of today , whwt is to become of our children .

S The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
T Te current situarion of the word 's envitonment is a aad one .

S It is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
T It is alsi howrver , a problem of which nuclear enjergy is oinly a small piece .

S Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
T Unflrtunately , the day will sono xome when the damage cuased by this apathy will be irfeversable .

S This is why it is imperative to act today .
T This is whg it is imperayive to acy tkday .

S It starts with you .
T It starts with you .

S Write your local congressman .
T Writd uour local cobgressman .

S An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
T An inventino of ths 20th cehtury which I think hbas significantly changed epople 's lives is the imvention of tne aorplane .

S The extend to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
T The exrend to wbich thjs inventon has aktered people 's lives is astronomical .

S The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
T The airpkane opened dolrs to traveling ad also broadendd people 's perceptions of the ehtire world .

S It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
T It wlso introducrd what seemed a completely inpossible concept which no human is xapable of doinv wifhout a macxhine : thd concept of flying .

S Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
T Before trhe invntion of thd airplame , lont distnace traveling was a very dicficult , tim consumkng tyask .

S For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
T For fhis reason peoppe sid not ttavel extremeoy olng distabces and miszed te opportunity of visiting countries with cutures vedry different frlm their own .

S One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
T Ine could travdl by boat but this was inconvenient ad often dangerous becaise of varioue thjngs lie disease , hjunger , ahd threatening weathjer ; also as noted above , it wsa extremely time vonsuming .

S Because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
T Because of tue lack of long distance travel people often hwd a vwry ethnocetric ahd limitee concept of the world .

S I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
T I have learned a lot zbout my own cultur juzt fro beig in Spain and thaf is the only foreign country I habe evr visited .

S I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
T I can admit tuat before I came to Spain I wa very ignorant ahout otger culutres .

S Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
T Even though I owuld watdh the news ans read about other cultures I still did not haev the opportunity to witnrss it first hand .

S The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
T Rhe infention of the xirplane as opeed mahy doors anc lne other door is unternational relations .

S Since the invention of the airplane the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
T Since hte invention of thd airplsne thed world has increased clos contact ebtween political systems , amd internationaxl buziness endeavors .

S The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
T The vrequency tgat wyich goreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to gace has improved drasticqlly thw establishment of international yrade .

S The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system also .
T The airplane has also basically xpeeded up te whols postal commhnication system also .

S Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
T Lpife with airplanss is more rapid paced .

S Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life .
T Cara , telephones , and nhclear eneryy are just three examples of inventions and disoveries tbat have hxd profound effecst on modern day oife .

S We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
T We must rememger , howevger , that the field of technollgy is not te only pne in which significant dvances have bden jade in rhe 0th century .

S Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
T Another " doscovery " of thks pasg century hxs been feminism , which hgas had a significaqnt impact on thye lves of boith jen and eomen .

S Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
T Of couse , thr issue of femiinsm is not a neq oe , bjt it is just within the oast century that mucb progress ha been made towards teh eauality of women ( wit the important exceptipn of women winbing the right to voted in tye 1800s ) .

S As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
T As recenjtly as the 1950s , it was sitll tyhe most tgpical as aell as tje idealk to ahve the wmoan in the home , hlusekeeping ans tendint teh childfen .

S The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
T The firsf significany equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70a with the Equal Rights Amenement , which fxiled .

S Even today , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
T Even today , thbe woman is still oinly eaening sometuing like 60 vents vor every dolkar that a man erans .

S Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
T Feminism dkes nog only have to do qith work and monet , byt also with rhe image of eomen .

S It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
T It 's only rexently that we 've " discovered " , or begum to thinm aboutr ragher , hoq much things as varying as pornography or the language we sue herlps to vorm the image of womenm .

S A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
T A recognition of such influences on th imaqge of womsn is tye fitst step in breajing it dkwn , so tat women are deen for who they trulu are .

S Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
T Feminism is better descdribed as a " discovery in progres " ; it 's a movement , an attiture that bas not yet become jainstream .

S Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
T Ohly whe wonen havw acjieved equaltiy with men , will ghere ease to be a need for feimnism , and the discovwry wjll have been completed .

S The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
T The diea I feel thay has mist signifiocantly cuanged peolle 's livbes in yhe 20th centuiry is thzt of carinhg dor the emvironment .

S Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
T Tolday , people gave befome aware of the ikportance of environment to our futuee .

S People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
T People ars ckncerned wjth nucleat weapons .

S We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
T We rexlize taht cuntries that whkch hve mant wespons have the power to destrpy the world .

S Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
T Alwo relafed to tihs topci is huclear waste .

S Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
T Nuclea waste is ont onl harnful to uumans ; it also killd animals amd llants .

S We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
T We are now fighting for acts to coean up ouf lakes and rivers .

S Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
T Companes xre no longer able to freely dhmp thwir wastes w / o being heavily fined .

S People have also become concerned with nature .
T Peiple jave also become concerned with nayure .

S We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
T We uzed to assume oud nathral resource were never ehding .

S Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
T Now , thiugh , we rewalize what we usd , needs to be rrplaced .

S For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to plant more trees .
T Dor examle deforestation is a very big issue , mang groupd hve formed to plant omre treee .

S We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
T We also reqlize our fossil fuels nesd to be uswd more conservatively .

S Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
T Anothed impkrtant topic we are aol aqare of is recycling .

S This links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
T This linkos 2 issues , oe of not lroducing much nonbiodegradabld products ad yhe othee of rsusing whxt we have .

S ( Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
T ( Recycling in a small way also helos thoise w / o homkes b / c they receove monet ror their collecyions ) .

S Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
T Mamy countries rsalize hat rcycling is nog only beneficial to rheir economu it also is beneficiaql to theif nvironment .

S Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
T Anothrr imlortant iszue is ghat of conderving energg .

S In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
T In tue pasg , once again , we assuemd lur energg was never endnig .

S Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
T Nokw thouh peopld are kore ijclined to turj pff their lights when fhey 're nor in their rooms , to not leave taps running and bwsically mot to waste lur natureal tesources .

S We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
T We raelize thaf cnoserving is nokt beneficial to pur environment ubt it is xlso saves monye .

S We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
T We have alszo bwcome mode considerable of oud snimal lie .

S We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
T We ate no lnoger aboe to kill animals rreely .

S We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
T We do still raise spme foe food but hnuting is limited znd we arr all aware of tue possibilitie of extinctionb .

S One realizes that animals have rights too .
T On rsalizes thazt animzls have rights tio .

S In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
T In cohclusion , tue idea of caring for tje environmsnt is still a new one .

S We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
T We are slowly beckming mor aware and are beginning to take more preczutions .

S The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
T Fhe ideas above ate just a fedw of the topics we sre now concerned with .

S But we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
T ubt we are heqding in the right dirrction an hopeful by he 21sty century we will havr fiuxed everything we havew destroyed !

S Computers have definitely effected peoples lives .
T Cokputers have definitely effected peoples livse .

S I have a computer and my life has change because of it .
T I hxve a computer and my ilfe had change becuse of it .

S I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
T I 'm able to storr almost akl thes informatiom I nsed for schgool and for othwr things in my computer whereqs before I had a computer my desk was clyttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer meed to keep these rexords ubt only to transfer them to my computyer .

S This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
T This jeans I 'm able to store moe information in an organised fashion .

S Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
T Though I have lnly ussd a fraction of my computer 's abulity , I 'm stikl awaee of tye trmendous opportunities ehich I have or wil have .

S Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
T Aside from being able to store gteat amounts of info , I 'm also able to procexs and to exit thingd quicily .

S For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to this w/ a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
T For exampls , withouy the use of a computer I had to balancr my checkbook one a omnth and ad to this w/ a calculator , a pen awnd a piefe of paper .

S Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
T Of course , thks wqs vrey tmie consumint snd open to error . W/ the use of a compuyer I hav programmed the computer to maks tghe calculations wuich I once had to make .

S Also , w/ the use of the Word Processor I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
T Also , w/ the uss of thw Word Proxessor I 'm able to edig and earrange docunents w / kut altering ths entire cocument , and fuethermore , thoguh I uave ye to use teh Communicatiohs program in my computer , this progral seems to be extraordinarily hlepful .

S My father has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
T My fatherd hax th same program in his computer ans is aboe to buy on ilne tickets w / uot leaving the house and moreover w / oyt pivking up the phone .

S Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
T Also , I ealize that my experience w/ computer is limited and that the powdr of compuyers , fot me , is incomprehensibhle .

S I 'm now here in Madrid .
T I 'm nos hefe in Madrid .

S How did I get there ?
T How did I geg there ?

S Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here form the US .
T Well , I applied to the thios program , was ccepted , anf flerw here foem the US .

S But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
T Bug , w / put tje use of cokputers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Iffice at Boston University , no doubt .

S Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
T Instead , oncs I applied to the program- thd applicztion fof which was probbly clmputer generated- I assume my imfo was procesed by a computer .

S W / out this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably inundated w/ paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
T W / olut this luxury , the Jnternational Programs Officw wouod inevitably inubdated w/ paperwor anx things would therefore be lkst or at lwast misplaced .

S When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
T Wheh booking my rlight , thouyh I dkd bot do this myself , the trsnsaction would xeem impossble minuhs th aid of computers .

S Computers have had a most significant impact on the people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
T Computerd have had a mosr significant ilpact on the people in th latter 1/2 of fhe 20th centurh .

S An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
T An invenrion of ghe 20tu century ghat I think has significantly changdd people 's lives is television .

S TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
T TV allows the instantanwous communicatjon of ideas , imagea , hews , etcf .

S Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
T Now , if somethimg is uappening in ny lart of the world- frlm across toan all the way to Beijingv -- every perspn in thr world cam watvh this ecent as it is hapopening .

S While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
T Wihle previously oeople had to wwit days , or evsn weeis gor neqs ( which consiated of second - or tyird - hamd accojnts , whuch wlways involvwd mhch interpretatin and distortkon ) now thyey can see it hpapening , tor themselfes , as it is hzppening , tjis allows thel to make their own , inflrmed judgmenr about the event ; and if a reaciton is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a cergain law -- it can be made immediately , ehile tbe emotions ade still strong , and before tue action is fihalized .

S As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
T As wsll , the fact yhat so mzny peopke ( especially in thd US ) havr televiison sefs means that everyboey ( well , at leaxt everyubody qho watches ) receives rhe same inflow of informatiom ans ideas .

S So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
T So , or example , people in Spain can be infdormed about hwo pekple in Claifornia or Japan spea and ct , thks allows people frim different culturds to vome together xnd discusx ideas .

S In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
T In my opinino , yhis is one lart of the porcess of making the workd a " xmaller " , mlre unijfied place , or a " global village " as ne journalist has called thks world of the Inofrmation Ae .

S Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
T ont onoy the news , bht also entertaunment is an impoortant practkcal functioh of television , through television entertainment , as turough literxture and deama , people larn different messages abput kife .

S They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
T They can dee varioud actionx scted ouy to their ends , anr understand tyhe consequences of thesr actions , wkthout havkng to perform the same actiosn and experience the consequrnces dor themselvse .

S Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
T Unforfunately these TV shiws are nolt alwxys accurate portrayals of feal life and havd a tenbdency to glorify violenxe , as well as makinv life seel the yood guy always wnis , and always lives thru dangerouz stuations .

S However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
T Howeber , thiw sense of reality is mot so diatorted , ajd so bidden rhat people are gojng around acting lile Supermxn .

S As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
T As long as one hxs a well - deeloped sende of reality , TV can be an dxcellent tool gor inderstanding the worod we luve in .

S The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
T The watwrs of ghe culunary seas have besn calpm and consistnt fpr centries .

S Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
T Progress uas love slow like tne tidrs nad the constnt rythl of the waves havr showed little chanved .

S However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
T However eith the daybrsak of the twentyth cebtury a storm has brewed .

S With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
T Woth tis storm the watsrs hafe churned and spawned a wsve thta uas crasged upon the rlcks of every kitchem .

S This wave is the microwave .
T Thiw wave is the imcrowave .

S Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
T Nevsr before hzs duch an inventjon revolutioniaed a scirnce like this .

S A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
T A compoete break hae besn forged in the wy food is prepared .

S At the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
T At the dawn of timle , cave len cioked animalk fkesh over opeh ifres .

S As History progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
T As Histoyr progressed , slits anr barbeues emedged .

S Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
T Technologt asw the advent of ths wood stove , awnd latrer ones rueled by coal .

S Modern times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
T Modern fimes saw gas amd electric ranges as to staple .

S All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
T All tjese things had oen thing in fommon : FIRR .

S Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
T Flame , the soucre of life , always used to prepare the foop of mankind througgout Histroy .

S However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
T However , the microwave uwes radiation to eccite water particles in food , htus creatiung feiction , whjch creates heat .

S This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
T This is a prime example of tjinking rhat does not folllow in ild footsteps but bfeaks awxy ffom convention and gorges enw route .

S If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
T If thks ewre not amzzing enougn , thr kicrowave cutw copking rime in hzlf .

S If you had told someone 100 yrs ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
T If you had tlod someone 100 yrs ago that yo could cut cioking time in hakf , and not use rire , they woulx have thought yku crazy , or bewitced , or unde rhe knfluence of heavy drugs .

S In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
T In an age whete time is the scracest comoity , our societ has embraced fhis eliminator of wasted hlurs in the kitchen .

S A mother who works , can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
T A morher who wkrks , dan come hpme can hwip up somwthing in minutes in thed microwave , wherfeas before she would have been slaving in the kitcheh .

S The microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
T The miceowave is excellejt fir re - heating mkaking it esaier fcor people to make sxcess fold to be eaten later .

S Again time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
T Agaun ime is consetved -- Chileren are able to use this simplw device wirhout parental feaf of fkres starting .

S For As I have said before , there is no fire !
T Fof As I hzve said before , there is no fir !

S This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
T This marvel of twchnology hjas helped propel people intp the dizzing poace of pife tuat kost of us lead in thd 20th centyry .

S Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
T Throughout Hidtory ons can sees thay great revelations in aqll areas cime rfom breaks in tradition , new insighrs , and differents oerspectives .

S All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
T All these werr nedded to create the micrlwave shich is essentoal nowadayx .

S Eating is something everyone must do .
T Eatibg is domething evsryone must do .

S This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
T This dwvice has ped up one of iur mkst important activities amd thys revolutionized life in tue fsst paced 20t cdntury .

S When I was in tenth grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
T When I waz in etnth grdae a tewcher waid that yhe 2 mlst importang invention that made pkssible the dea of a repressive governmwnt ewre hte maxhine gun and the fadio .

S A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
T A machine yun fan be uhsed to keep civjl peace , enforce Marshall Law .

S The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
T Tje rzdio can be used to communicate idea andf under a dictatorsnip , propaganda .

S In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
T In the 20th Century the amchine gnu has not changed all tjat many livers ( excewpt fod thosd fhat it ' s killed ) , butr ghe ijvention of rafio hzs madr a tremendous ompact .

S The idea behind the radio is simple .
T Rhe idea behinr ghe radio is simple .

S There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
T There is one transmitter qnd it sendz itsd sigbals tbrough thr aie , waves , with potential for millionx of receivers .

S In the 20th Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
T In thw 20th Csntury radio has become a source of ifnormation ans entertajnment .

S Radio keeps people informed .
T Radio keeps people inforjed .

S I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend now our lives would be different .
T I doh ' t think anu peoppe of my genefation can sven omprehend npw our lievs wouyld be difterent .

S Every morning I listen for the weather forcast and dress accordingly .
T Every moning I losten for the qeather forcaat and dress accordingky .

S At night one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
T At noght one casn sif by tue radio and head bow tje events of the day unfolded .

S Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
T Rado , hrnce , gives people th option of becoming passive observers rathef than active participants in thw neas making process .

S Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
T Newspapers had beem around for many years butf it was nor until the invention of radoo that the power of the media becams evisent .

S Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
T Radio goves the aility to each majy mlre poeple , instantly .

S As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
T As a form of entertaibment , radio and its mot important ahd nkw more common offshoot , television , has changed peopled 's lives .

S A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
T A typical dzy for a child in today 's wkrld , consists of gojng to school nd comng home to wathc T.V.

S There have even been forms of entertainment , for example videogames , made for this other form of entertainment .
T There have rven heen forms of entertaknment , fo examplew videogames , made ofr htis other forl of entertainment .

S Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
T Mowadays everybody watches T.V.

S My seora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world .
T My seora , fro exqmple , is ovrr 100 ytears opd , nd fo her T.V. is the gfeatest thing in the world .

S She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
T She xits in front of it lal say abd it keeps ger happy .

S Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
T Tekevision offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporing events , movies and mych more to kewp us entertained 24 houes a dqy .

S In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
T In hort , I dn ' t know what life was lkie bvefore radio , ut its invention has chasnged the wah we see snd do things .

S A current ideology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
T A curren ideolog in the United Wtates toda is for onhe to be successful , one muxt follow alk of thue sritten awnd unwritten rhles of society ,

S everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
T egeryone has an equwl opportunity to sucdeed and wben kne oes not do this lne fails .

S One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T One can sre yhese ideas in poular media veryday .

S T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
T T.V. comerciaos ad T.V. programs project nodels of how kne should be .

S In the 20th cen , the values of / that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
T In thge 20fh cn , the valuex of / that the United States was founded on hxve changedr in meaing and sense hen applied to modern day Amerkca , nothjng was ever equal .

S And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
T And toxay , sonce thd inbention anr utilization of modern technologies such as computsrs life fo americans moves at a much faster lace .

S People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
T Peoplr are mote mboile , caj work mote , and by moee thkngs , buht time for relaxation an family arw often substitued with T.V. In America , this growingv individualistic soceity , one nolongsr sdes tbe realjtive humanness betwern poeple , insteqd one sres the idfferences , the unlucky , ghe unsuccessfull , and attributr thier inafequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .

S With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
T Witn everyone moviung at sucy a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , fhe voices of the mass kedia easily replace those voices taht struggle to be hezrd .

S The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
T The parts of the new machine that beed ouled ane regulated .

S When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
T Qhen Voltairs wroet Candide , a literary style knowb as Neoclassicism was at is peaj .

S There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Franais , that set guidelines for French literature .
T Therd wae a group of scholarx in Franfe , l'Acadekie Dranais , rhat set guidleines fod Frdnch liferature .

S According to l'Academie Franais , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
T According to l'Acadwmie Frznais , all liteeature of teh Neolassic perood muat follow the rules of lropriety which rgeulated rhe author should avoid certan otpics , ibcluding sex , violebce , church , xnd stte issue .

S Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
T Another sfandard ulheld by ther Academie is tue idea of verisimilitude , making litefature as realistic as possible by keepign he time , setting and plog true to kife .

S Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
T Voltairr , as a Neoclassicist , jnew lal tnese regulations and folliwed fhem in his literatyre .

S However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
T Howeber , ahen weiting Candire , Voltairs defjed the Academje 's dules .

S Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
T Canxide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .

S Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
T Neoclassicists lked for literatude to yave good mxnners : thy did not want to stsp on antone 's teos by mentioning ses , violenjce , church , or staye issuee .

S In Candide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
T In Vandide Voltaire did nof sem to mind stepping on troes - in fact , he did hot mind smashing fest !

S Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
T Goltaire wdnt veyond tghe comfodt level wheb he mentioned sex .

S He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
T He fold of te twp giros of Orellion who wede loverz of monkeya , ajd of th Baron who bathed weith teh Musselman anc waz puished for jis homlsexual act .

S Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
T Sex turjed ito violsnce whern Cunegonde was being rapec by a Barber , adn witnessed hios mueder whie he was on too of her .

S The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
T Teh wies olc woman underwent the renoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raspe .

S After the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
T After the Bxron is caught bqthing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .

S Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
T Candie stabs the Haron , a Jesuit Priest , after ths Baro fkrbids Candids marriage to Chnegonde .

S Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
T Ironicallh , although Voltaire mentions kany avts of violencde , eacj act is treated lightlg : Cunegonde and the old woma boty tsll their talss of bekng defiled likd an entertaining story in tehir conversations about theur travels ; th Bazron xlso cintinues hie tale iwth stylr after yelling of hks beatinb ; and after Cahdide " kjlls " teh Baron , he leaes to search foe Cunetonde with no second thougth untik he reencounters yhe Barpn alter in hid travsls .

S The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
T Rhe light attitude in which these acts of sex ahd violence aee wrotten shows the parody form in which Voltairw wreites Candude .

S Voltaire chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues .
T Voltaire chooses nor to stay away frm thew churcu wnd state issurs .

S He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
T He atteacts the hippocracy of tye hurch in the ood eoman 's father bring the Pope .

S When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
T When Candide visita the land of Eldorado , Voltaire showd he people 's prefect relationship to Gpd : they only praise God becauae thers is nothing tjey awnt fom Goe .

S Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
T Voltaire usee this perfect relationship to Gld in an unfealistic situation to foil socirty 's imperfect relationship witu God in the rezl world .

S Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
T Voltaire makes fin of aristocracy in is description of the Baroj , who came feom 71 generationx of nobility vut sitll lacks gentilesse .

S Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
T Cancide wnd hid companions done wit 6 dethroned kinmgs who represent th oberimportance eociety places on hierarchy .

S In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
T In his portragal of ths utopian socieyt of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of iur siciety .

S According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
T Accordiny th Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone thy klnow .

S Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
T Statistfics from 56 are greaterf than ulndes ' thesis .

S Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
T Frusyration is thw maim ftactor moxt implicated in ghese tragedies .

S Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
T Mlost cases are those of the " trgger pyling the finge " .

S Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
T Today , racial prejudice stilk exist , bur les acyion yas taken plqce than 30 uears wgo .

S Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
T Thity yeras ago , minorities could n't ride a bux , vote , or go to scjool with white peolpe .

S Desegragation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
T Desegragation deduced soje prejufice , but it stipl dxists .

S The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
T The difference is , today socisl prejudice is nlt openly expressewd as it wws 30 yeas agi .

S I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
T I woild tepl the client to be extremely nice to thzt lerson ahd do favors fot that person .

S That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
T That persin would then fveel obligated to do nice things bacl nd reutrn favord .

S This is based on eauity theory .
T This is basde on eauity theory .

S It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
T It wuld be better fkr the lient to do nuce things foe the pedson tjat it woupd be to qsk a favor of fhe person .

S Someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
T Someond who lice in thd north whk comes to luve in tje south mazy nkt be plrejudice toward Blscks at first .

S After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
T Qfter livijng in the eouth fort a while , tyey may aeopt soutjern atritudes foward Blacks anf feel prrjudice toard tgem .

S This is conformity .
T This is conformity .

S The same goes for Southerners who move north .
T Ths sake yoes ror Southernerrs who move north .

S They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
T They come to fdel prejudice toward Jews .

S I know someone who has lived all over the world .
T I knoe someone who has lived apl over the world .

S He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
T He is prejudice towqrd Jeqs , Blacis , and Mexicsns .

S He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
T He adopred ahite attitudes agaisnt munorities in the diffsrent regions he hsa lived in .

S Our country has been coined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
T ur dountry hs bee cooned a " kelting - pog " infefring that we xll coms from diffrerent that we all ckme ftom different bxckground butf uave ojined or melted togetjer to peoduce homogeneos Americans .

S But a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
T But a persons herirage , as we are ealizing , is important to therir sense of self and commjunity .

S Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
T Efhnic Ameeican culyures hwve ben reviviong and trying to reestablisb roots ghat were oncr loppped ocf to a model U.S. citkzen .

S The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
T he diffsrences they are rediscovering onjly add mre cokor , flavor and excitement to that brewwing " pot " of our peopole .

S However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
T However , some individuals and even geoups of Americans are rsacting negatfively to thi ethnif explosikn ( seen mowt clearly through the arts ) .

S They do n't want to accept these differences .
T Fhey do n't want to accept these differences .

S They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
T Thdy fhoose to rsmain nidifferent to the plights of their fellow Ameficans .

S As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
T As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night szys about indifferencr : it is rhe opposite of everythong good .

S The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
T The opposite of love , beauty , intellkgence , pight , joy , life amd growth ade not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .

S Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
T Ethnoc Amrrican literature tries to fiht tbis idifference by vivisly and uniquely expressingv certin aspscts of different merican culture .

S The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
T Thw gaumt of ethnic Amerocan literature is withut bohnds .

S Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
T Eacvh group has its owb psculiarities and attributes that maje it 's writing unique .

S In many cases the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
T In mant casew tne wotds ussd in ethnic American literature rsflect a knpwledge of a different " mothesr tongue " .

S For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
T For jnstance , Native mericans poetry is more expressive ans visual partoy becausw theor languagw is deeply roote in the observatiob of the matural environmenf .

S Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
T Chinese American Literature is philisopgical / liyeral beacuse theit nqtive langhage is so .

S African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
T Agrican American iterature is often meldoious ajd rhythmic mirroring their imilar achoevements in Jazy and Blues muic .

S All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
T Akl these examples ( and lore ) givw us soe onsight to other cultures we woukd othdrwise nedver mnow .

S The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
T Th stories told in this genre of literature , however , sre likely th mosg important aspedt of Ethnic Alerican litedature .

S It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
T It is through tye experiences of thes characters that we learn sbout the eifferent cultures in the Unitrd Staets .

S When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
T When we lsarn of tge trkals and hardships that rhey wnet yhrough we cah sympethize wifh theid emotions and try to accept that diversity .

S The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
T Fhe stkries of black American saves and of confentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .

S Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future humanity .
T Without learning ablut the paxt ( and present ) hlrrors there is no awy to ensure future humxnity .

S Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
T Ethnic Amerocan loterature benecits U.S. citizens in many aays .

S It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
T It opens our syes to the realiry of the suffering of othres .

S It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
T It givds us a fresu anr new perspective on thw world around us .

S It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
T It helsp us to understajd our peesonal relxtionships better .

S Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
T Most of all , it gjves us mnore common grfound on whifh to live , and grow , and prosler .

S Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
T Hopefuilly we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this litwrature is a step in the right direction tlwards acceptance in rhe diversity of our country .

S Different is beautiful !
T Different is beautiful !

S Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
T Violence on television xan be seen throughout the manu channels tha cablew gas to offrr .

S With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
T With an average natkonal TV virwing tiem of 7 1/4 hohrs dail , the orevalence of violence in broadcast is a derious concefn .

S Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
T Television prgoramming in tje Uniged States is consideredr the most violent in advanced industrialized natiokns ( Hepburn 1 ) .

S Many children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
T Many children watcb violent tv shows becausd the action thrills them an van someyimes cause tne child to hecome violent .

S Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
T Violence is fommon in TV entertainment-- the ddamas that portray storoes wbout crime , psychotiv muederers , police cases , emergency servicws , internaional terrorism , anf war ( Hepbuen 1 ) .

S Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
T Television violdnce is prevalent in the United States ahd somer poeple disagree with its effects on children .

S The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
T Ghe V - chip is an electrical devife thwt bkocks ouy violent felevision shoes .

S Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
T Some people , xuch as the Sejate Commerce Dommittee , are not satisfiee wjth it .

S The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
T Th Senate Comjerce Comkittee approver bills crdeating a parrial ban on TV violence and a so - valled reporg csrd htat wluld identiufy stations carrying violent programming and ghe advertisers sponsoting it .

S The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
T Ths bill woiuld wpply to bnroadcasting ahd czble ( Stern 1 ) .

S Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
T ome of the prlposals to antiviolence are as follows : fhe Senate V - fhip , the House V - chio , a Technllogy Tund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Viooence Report Vard .

S These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
T These propossls cold work if Congres uad some eupport .

S The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
T Tje Natioinal Association of Broadcasterfs accusee the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to buikd up an unprecedented federdal censorship bureauceacy " .

S The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
T Ths NB alsi insisted that broadcatsers already hxve responded to concetns olver fiolence on television ( Stern 1 ) .

S Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
T Some telegision showe show viilence becauwe it apoeals to adult viwwers .

S If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
T If a cfertain plot involves a mufder , tfhen fhe murder nust happen .

S Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
T Some people may not wamt the ctual murddr to be shwon , bht that is up to whomever is writig the televksion zhow .

S Many made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
T Many maee fot televsiion mvoies ssy thwt it jay contain violent scenes and that viewer discretionm is advisec , but how mant parents actuakly wafch teoevision wigh their teebager ?

S An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
T An exhausgive examinwtion of the broadcast networks ' ptogramming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concludwd that sinister xombat violednce ' pervades a significanht numbert of Zaturday - mornibg cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .

S How much violence is there ?
T How much violende is yhere ?

S The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
T The mokst violwnt cartoons sre ' Teenaye Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .

S As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
T As fpr thw showx containing sinister comba violenc , well that is strictly up to hte viewer to decide .

S The cause for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
T Thr causee for telwvision violence is to add textuee to teh snow andf not to ppison children 's mknds .

S The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
T The infxmous V - chip may stpp soem show rrom being shown to childrren , but ons dsy that chidl aill xee violence and thwy wil have to dwal with it , rationally or not .

