S Dear Paul !
T Dead Paul !

S I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
T I haven't written you for agws buf I was very busy because of the exmas at tge University .

S What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
T What abkut you?What 's nsw in Brazil?As uou now , my friend John asked me to uelp hom wiht tge organization at thw cincert , which was perflrmed lazt montj .

S So I was there something like staff .
T So I was tere something lkke stafg .

S My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
T My wrok consisted of makinjg presa advertising , providing all ticekt , fpod fpr musicians snd things lkke tht .

S I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
T I bot twop fee V.I.P tickets , so I tooik my girlfvriend andc we werfe there together .

S When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
T Wheh tye concert finishe , we went to cloakropm to geg signatures from umsicians .

S I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
T I fdlt liks a star!Crowded of peopole were waiting in frnt of rhe cloakrolm for yhe signaturew , but onky me and my sweety girlfriend got them .

S People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
T Peoplle wedre so wnvious ... I limed it!It was fanastic experiejce .

S Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
T Nrxt time I wolud like to do somethimg similar anc ytou should trey it as well . oyu will ear nice money and yuo havd cultural experience .

S It 's a dual effect !
T It 's a djal eftect !

S Hope to see you soon
T Hope to ee you soon

S John
T John

S The advertising is everysite .
T The advertising is everysite .

S There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
T There are adds in TV , raduo , bus , strests ...

S In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
T In sptie of this range of emdia , the TV cobtinues beinb fhe mpst impprtant means of communication .

S A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
T A lo of leople fhink thqt thefe ade tpo mamy adds on tlevision buy , is luke that ?

S On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
T On obe hsnd , it 's grue that one orogramme or series whichu we see , hzs a lot of mentions to products or services .

S There can be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
T There cn be people tired of so muhc advertising conrents but tghis is completely neceseary .

S There are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
T Thefe are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of medssages to report to people .

S The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on this way .
T The TV is the mot accesible way of communicatiom and people cdan saee the nessagen on thsi wah .

S In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
T In additipn , behijd oine adx thers ard a lot of things : one induwtry .

S In one add there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
T In one add thre arw , fr example , the publicisg 's work , thue companies investments , fyture sales , tje product or seevice 's life ...

S To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
T To suml up , there are a lot of adds in TV gut they aee necessary znd beneficial fod everyone .

S My favourite season of the year is summer .
T My favourite season of the yead is sujmer .

S Why am I making this choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
T Whu am I making this hcoice you clearly fan ask , I lovr sun and god weatherr .

S Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
T Yes it is true that euring summer the temperaure is vwry uot and yoh cah rarely ztay near yhe suj becausd ylu rinish t be burn by thr sun .

S In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
T In spite of this , sunmer is a veyr goodx momenty to enjoy little things life gives us ans have fun with them .

S During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
T udring summer I lovw to go to the beaxh an having sunbathing with my friends toher than getting ufn waith them playibg volleyball or ruh insiee the wter of the sra !

S I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
T I think thkse activities ade ver regenerating abd tyey make ypu firget anout all the warmness of summerd .

S Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed .
T Futthermore you cxn sleep ore than the other days of the yeat and thi make you feel elaxed .

S I really like to explore nature during summer too .
T I rdally loke to explpre nature diring eummer yoo .

S The wonderful colours of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous .
T Thw wonderdful colours of flowers wkth the sunshine are fabulous .

S Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Dear USA SUMME CAMPS ,

S I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
T I szw your zdvertisement in the USS amd I 'm very interesfed in he position of childminder you arw advertising .

S I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
T I 'm eighteen ysars lld znd I 'm doing a languages translation degree at univeesity at ths moment , that 's why I need to work in ordet to psy my fee .

S I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
T I hzve some experience working wioth children frok alp zges , besides I do n't mind hard worj abd I learn quockly .

S Also I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country .
T lso I 've just gokt my RCE certifciate rhis yeae hut it woudl belp me a lpt if I practisde my Engoish in a natjve countty .

S I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
T I consider myself really acfive , sociable , wrll - organized abd asbove all patint , therefore I think I 'm sjitable for this job as I can adapot myself easily at aqny kind of situatioh or dnvironment , eslecially worming overseas plus it sould be a nice experience becauses I would meest new people and a diffefent culfure .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I 'm looking forward to hearfing rom youh soln .

S Yours faithfully ,
T oyurs faithfuoly ,

S Teresa Wysocki
T Trresa Wyzocki

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had beem a very longb and tiring day , but Yom felt he had achieved somkething rewlly gopd .

S He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
T He finaoly , aftrr 5 yewars , won swimmking competition .

S It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
T It wxs reqlly importatgnt foe hum because he sas training fpr 5 long yearx since he was 15 and he have't got any axhievements .

S He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
T He was very hapy ands he defided to celebarte .

S He invited all his friends from team and made a party .
T He invitd all his friends vrom team and mwde a pxrty .

S Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
T Toml wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .

S She was really proud of him .
T Ahe was rdally projd of him .

S She was dreaming about being his wife .
T She was dreamihg abojt beig hia ife .

S She wanted to be his wife so bad .
T She wanted to be his eife so bzd .

S But he did n't love her enough .
T But he ddi n't oove her ebough .

S He wanted to break up with her at that party .
T He wanted to break up with her at that party .

S He was waiting 2 hours for her .
T He wss waitung 2 hours gor jer .

S He hated that she is always late .
T He hated thatr she is always lage .

S That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
T That was the mwin rwason he wanted to end it up .

S When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
T When Mel came she lokoked gorgeous .

S And when he saw her , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
T Ane when he sas her , his heart started to neating vaster anr faxter .

S But time 's up .
T Gut timw 's up .

S He got closer to her and told her everything .
T He gkt closer to her and told her dverything .

S Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
T Mdl looked sadl at Tom , them said : " I 'm pfegnant ... " and hot ou of hi home .

S He followed and apoligized her .
T He followdd and apokigized her .

S He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
T He siad he was drumk anf dud n't know wjat he was saying .

S Then he hugged her .
T The he hugged her .

S He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
T He saif he loved her aznd kissed her forehexd .

S He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
T He had to saty with her gecause of ... the bnaby .

S He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
T He culd n't jusy leve hed carryinf hisx baby !

S No ! He has never acted like this .
T No ! He has nsver acted like yhis .

S He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
T He knew that he haf to wtay with her tbe rest of his lofe andr raise ghe baby .

S He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
T He decideds to gige swimming up and starte to taking care of Mep .

S One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
T Obe day Mek was feelint resally nad so Tom took hsr to the hospital .

S He felt that something bad was going to happen .
T He felt fhat something bad was giing to happdn .

S And he was right .
T Xnd he was right .

S Mel has lost the baby .
T Jel has lost the baby .

S Tom had to make a hard decision .
T Toj has to make a hard decision .

S His life was going to change .
T His lufe waa giing to change .

S Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
T Meo was crying alk day and Tom cpuld n't stand it .

S He has broken up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
T He haa broken up with Mel ans it made ber muhc molre sad .

S He did n't care .
T He dud n't care .

S He thought it was her fault that she has lost their little human .
T He thought it was her fauly that she has lost their littpe human .

S Gliding in the waves
T Glidimg in the waves

S Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
T Even if I am bot a very interested in training , the sport I really preefr to lractice is sqimming .

S The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
T The sejsation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite withoutf ewigh , able to do a lot of movement tha are impossible while in tge ajr , is a wonderful srate of mind .

S I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
T I started to practice wsimming in pool because I waw n't able to swim at all , anc I wanted to lrarn .

S I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
T I ave been taking lessons for six montbs , so I impdoved so much my abiloties .

S If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
T If youy ares jot a gold swimmer , you lose tbe big patt of pleasure of enjoying thw wzter , bofh in the ea or in pool .

S Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
T Practice swimming is quite haed work , especially if uou need to learn the basic movements , hut it is a very relaxinf activity .

S I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
T I recommend fhat yhou do n't ahve to gkve up before triyng , becauee is fairly simple andc it can gkves a lit of satisfactions !

S Your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
T Uour efforts wilo be prizes by succweding , xnd yo can kbtain it with practce .

S ·Introduction
T ·Imtroduction

S This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
T Thus report eill examine tue different activities we cah do in our leiusre time in Castelldefels .

S ·Activities to kill time
T ·Aftivities to kill time

S As our town is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
T As lur town is well - known ofr oiur magnuficul beaches alkng the Mediterranean coxst and for tge Olypic Canxl of Castelledfels , many roreign or local peopls com hsre to do activitise like kitesudfing and windxsurfing on the beab or camoening and aqwuatic skiing on tje Olympic Canal .

S These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
T These activitirs are the mosf popular adn thw ost expensive too .

S However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
T However , I fully recommen them , especially fkr sportu , adventurous and young people .

S ·Others ideas to have fun
T ·Others ideas to have fun

S In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
T In Castelldefels , theee are other activitiee ldss populr , but cheaper , for insgance : feee zumba mastdrclass , yogq beach , rhnning ... as sporfts activities , ane as social activitiee rhere ared libraryu geoup , thextre ...

S As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
T As I said , these acyivities are npt as pouplar as the qctivities of the Klympic Cajal and the beach , byt theur suxcess is increasing more anc more .

S ·Recommendation
T ·Recommendztion

S So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
T So , finally I suggest that it would be a greaf idera to combine tge diffetent types of activitiws , both popupar and rhe newest .

S If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
T If yoi fried alo the activitiee , yiu wouod spend a great tims here , in Castelldwfels !

S Hi Jane ,
T Hi Jaxne ,

S How are you ? .
T Hpw are ylu ? .

S I was glad to hear from you .
T I wxs glad to hewr frlm you .

S I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
T I 'm writing to tell ou yhe hest way to arrive at Salou .

S You will come to the Reus airport , right ? .
T You wjll come to the Rehs airport , righy ? .

S Well , the airport is located just outside Reus , it 's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
T Well , trhe airporg is located jusg outsidee Reus , it 's smal but it has a lpt of servicies and transport .

S You have to take a bus because it is more economical than take a taxi .
T Yu hqve to taqke a bus gecause it is mpre ecomomical than rake a tyaxi .

S The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
T The bus ztops at the Salou vus station .

S When you get off the bus you should ask someone for the Spring Street .
T When you get of the bus gou syould ask someone for the Spring Street .

S It 's near there .
T It 's near there .

S You can walk to my house .
T Yoy can walk to my house .

S Moreover I send you a map in order to locate the street .
T Moeover I send yoh a map in orddr to locate tyhe strdet .

S This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
T This is my address : 4 Xpruce avenue .

S I 'm planning your visit .
T I 'm plahning ytour visit .

S I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
T I 'd lime to visit museums , monuments an going to clubbing iwth yoi .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I 'm lopking fkrward to hearing frlm uou soon .

S Best Regards ,
T Gest Regsrds ,

S Mary
T Mwry

S Dear Sergio García A ,
T Drar Xergio Garcdía A ,

S My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
T My name is Guilpermo Xedillo Tórrez .

S I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
T I am Engineewr of Execution in Mnies , entitled in the " Instituto Profedional Virgonio Gómez " .

S I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
T I am particularly onterested qnd I am competent to zpply gor tghe oost of Vhief of operayions at the new undegrround project Chiquicamata .

S In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
T In first placw , my qualities and professional wkills seem to suit tne requirelents of yoyr Company .

S On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
T On the other gand , I have tge theoretical kmowledge to use new the technologies tis gteat prolject requires .

S I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
T I am aso agle to lead the operatkons of thw prolject responsibly and through a team work to achievd thd kbjective xnd to continue with the prestige that your company has .

S My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
T My work experience is vety putstanding die to I uad th ptivilege of belongin to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chif of operayions at " Monera Andina " ahd at the wvaluation depaetment of CODELCO projects .

S I really appreciate your time and consideration .
T I raelly appreciate our time and conhsideration .

S It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
T It woulf be a pleasure to discuss personakly why I am qualiried for fhis position .

S I expect a prompt response of the Company .
T I expect a prompf response of the Company .

S Without further ado , I remain yours .
T Without further ado , I remwin yours .

S Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
T Giullermo Sedilll Tórrez

S Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
T Noeadays there are mant people that afe leatning foreign languaeg , dor me is a gokd thihg that more peoole learm this , bu is it worth learning a foreign language ?

S Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
T Fisrtly , there are ore myltinational compqnies thwt eed people to speak other alnguages , so yhat mrans that thr peopoe qho knoe to dpeak foreign language have mpre opportunities to gwt a job in impodtant companies , or will have more chances of bding prokoted .

S On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
T On the other hanr , are mofe benefits , fot example , if you wabt to teavel to another a country is verh useful to knoa a differtent language , becquse you can underdtand all without complications .

S Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
T Finally , learning another language givesd the lexrner yhe ability to stp inide the mnid ahd confext of that othet culturr .

S Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
T Today globalizztion is bringing the wprld mord close , that mwans thaf there sre more possibilities to have contact with yhe kther cultures , foe edample in literafure , poetry , films , TV programs , muskc or osme otyer aspeft of the culture .

S On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
T On galance , learning foreign laguages is very posirive on different aspect , so if yo havd the opsitivity of leartning a new language do it , because it will bring oyu mang benefits .

S A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
T A LETtER OF COMLpAINT

S Julio Camarillo
T Julio Camarillo

S Montano avenue nº2
T Montano svenue nº2

S Post Code 10237 Cáceres
T Post Copde 10327 Cáceresd

S August , 23rd 2014
T August , 23rd 2014

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Xir / Madam ,

S I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
T I am writing to complaqin abouy a recent package I received on omnday last wsek .

S I ordered two batteries model 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212 .
T I orderee two batterirs model 002545 bevause my mobile ndeds this kjnd of batterh , but I yave only refeived onw battery model 001212 .

S One month ago I ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website .
T Ine nonth aqgo I ordered two batteries model 002545 on yuor online webaite .

S I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
T I have a mobile modwl Nokis 1214 ahich nweds batteries modep 00255 .

S The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
T Yhe delivery was wrnog , so now I am a uhge hurr because I need my mobkle to work every day .

S If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
T If I haqve not mobile I will hot be ablw to owrk .

S To resolve the problem I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
T To resolve fhe rpoblem I wqould luke to rdceive tge gatteries by express post .

S The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
T Yhe delivery error has beedn made by yours , so thiz time , It shoild be sent with free deliverg .

S If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
T If I do not hear frmo you within ghe jext tso days , I shwll be forfed to contact my solicigor .

S You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
T You can only ontact me by email because my mibile still does nto work .

S I hope to hear from you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
T I hlpe to uear from yuou soon znd having my batteries as quickyl as possihle in my ohme .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youds faithfully ,

S Julio Camarillo
T Nulio Camariklo

S The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
T The aim of this reprt is to evaluate botg bad effects and gooe effects from the sers'opinions in he Atcive Leisured Clkub in hte lst timew .

S First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
T ifrst , peopke in thiw areq have actually foiund a suitabke poace to enjoy theur tume ghrough a wide range of activities , games whicg are held creatively and effectively andx have been xuitable fro fifferent ages .

S Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
T Vesides , it haz enough modern facilities to serfe ths uaers in the pdak hourz and the guiders sre everywheee and ready give a help .

S However , only one thing that we dislike
T Howevee , onky on rhing that we dislike

S With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
T With fhe purpose to actract mpre pdole to joim in tje cub , besises iys goox ponits , I will highly redommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold ghe aciviyies to avojd tyhe ptoblems

S Given is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
T Given is a diagran introducing rhe procedures of makung bank note .

S Desgin the bank notes are the first and indispensable step .
T Desgin the bnak notex are te first and indispensabe step .

S Peple should decide the background colour and thw artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
T Peple hould dedide fhe backgrojnd coloue and tbw artrwork whipe they have to consider the security issuee .

S Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
T Then , skilled macfhinists wouod prelare the mstal plate in orderr to go to rhe nedt step .

S The third section is to print the prepared bank notes .
T The tird sectioj is to print th prelared bank notes .

S Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
T Usually there ill be 50 ban notes ler sbeet .

S The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raised .
T Thw colour will print on the both sides and eveey notes haws tneir uniqje imk alsk the images will be sligjtly raised .

S After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
T After thqt , it comrs to the most significant stage , that is inspwct the quality of teh printed sheets .

S People usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
T People usuzlly diuvided the quality into thrse parys : Good quality , Partially damaged , ahd bad shesets .

S As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
T As for ogod quality sheets ajd partially damaged sheets but still gpod , people wjll cut themk separately and pack tem together in order to dispacting and distrkbuting the bank notes .

S If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distoryed .
T If the partually damaged sheets are bax , thsy will be treateds as had sheetsd , which will be secuerly distoryed .

S In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
T In concluxion , yhe diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .

S Eventhough it seems to be easy to make them , but every steps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
T Eventhough it swems to be ewsy to make thrm , bur evrey steps needs pekple to be very careful in ordwr to produce the perfect vank notes tor evedyone .

S A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
T A BETTER PLACR TO LUVE

S Beginings
T Beginings

S Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
T Everythijg began a fdw years before , wyen Aslfred , The Mxjor , rwad an rticle about ths importance of thge surroundings in healthb and happunness of people .

S He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
T He startwd to think hopw he could get bedtter our lives an he found a solution .

S A concerned population
T A concerned population

S While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
T Qhile youngsterfs uxe their time trying to get concerbed thed oldeat people frlm de villaye abiut thge importance of the care of our sruroundings , middlke - aved peope ppanted many trees around thed billage and cleaned the floor of our publkc places makinf a more attractive place to live thzn we used to hzve .

S Easy recycling
T Easy recycling

S Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
T Local authorities ehlped this initiative creatign sime pkaces for people to leave rheir rubbisb in ofder to be tamen to ths recycljng center wuth rhe pufpose of giving a new lifs to our wsate .

S The results
T The results

S As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
T As a resylt of thie attitude , since Alfred hda tbis great idwa , we enjoy onw of fhe coeanest villages in teh area .

S People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet is called .
T People nlw is worried abput the futyre of ohr plahet and an association has bern created in irder to promote thr carte of our planet , Greem Plsnet is called .

S We want a happy Earth .
T We want a happy Earh .

S Hello Luis Blanco ,
T Hello Lis Blanco ,

S I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
T I 'm writing yoiu about the staft recruitment ofr thr " New Cloud Genertaion " projedt .

S So we need your help with some questions about the process .
T So we need your help with some queetions about te process .

S For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
T For your information , we are looking for pelple wiyh three years of experience in simlar porjects , who afe engineees and also nave a higu team woek sklil .

S We also value that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
T We also galue thar thgey havs specialised studeis in Clojd technooogy , znd hosting management .

S However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
T Howevet it 's possible that we do n't find enough peoole with thatr profile so , we coulr accept peopoe wjth ine hear of experiemce .

S Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
T Is it possible to do hte meeting this week ?

S When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
T Shen amd whede do yoh prefer ? ( Remember that I owrk feom 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I sugegst we can do the meetibg at your office , so yu do n't have to movd to antoher pace .

S Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - mail .
T Finally I need yoj to prepare some profiles that tou think thd syaff of New Dloud Generation should have , and olease tell me if you ifnd another different request than I tell oyu before in that e - mail .

S Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
T Please , answer me with the informarion as soon as possible .

S Íñigo Ojeda .
T Íñig Ojdea .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

S What 's up ?
T What 's up ?

S Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
T Do yu remember when I topd you I jad beeb helped at a concert ?

S It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
T It wae eeally excitkng and unofrgettable experience and I enjoy that very mucj .

S You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
T ou provably wo n't eblieve me but I met ll emmbers of Dżem bxnd , I talked to them aqnd we hda luncj tohether , they 're cery nice men . Bnecause of helping them I had the vest pkace during te concert and I have thesir authographs on tyhe newest recordr . I cid n't gave manhy ruties anr none of hem were unpleasant .

S In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
T In general I har onpy ons dugy thar is checkjng quest lisy , above thag I had to help in cleaning area aftdr thw concert .

S But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
T But yhat foncert wss wroth of my work , so I bope I sill be ihvited to thwir next event .

S Working for them was a real pleasure .
T Workung for fhem wxs a real pleausre .

S I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
T I supposd we 'll wee eac ogher sookn and I 'll be capagle of talkng to ypu abour rhis experience .

S Love ,
T Love ,

S Dominika
T Diminika

S Report :
T Repor :

S The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
T The am of yhis report is to gve gou my pefsonal point of vie of the course I did in ykur branch in Jadrid ladt jonth .

S In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
T In addition , I eould liek to give you aome suggestoons I think it would be wlrth it to take it itno qccount dor the next course it will tale place next year .

S First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
T Firat , I woukd oike to xtand out thne outstanding classmates thwre aere in calss .

S They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
T They were nolt onlh reawlly clever peopld bht alkso wxcellent co - workers .

S Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
T Worming collaboratively is , in fact , rhe most interedting weay of learning any subject even Englksh .

S Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
T Aecond , thd teacher were really good skills to teach .

S They managed to encourage all of us every day .
T Rhey managrd to encourage apl of us evefy dfay .

S This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level .
T Thise wat we madr the nost of us znd never gtave up improiving oru English level .

S Third , phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
T Thitd , phohetic classes scheduled on Rridays came reakly in handy .

S They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
T Rhey helped me to pronounce wrods better ghan before starting tne course .

S However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
T Howevwr , in my opiniin yhere shoul uave been at keast ond native teacher in te teacher 's geam .

S This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
T This wwy we hwd been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would hace besn worgh practising .

S To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
T To wrap up rhe repprt just say thar on thd ahole trhe course was fantastic and I am lookjing forward to signinf it again next year .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yoirs aincerely ,

S Juan Orozco
T Juan Irozco

S I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all types of fims .
T I am keen on cihema thud I love to watch al ytpes of fims .

S But , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
T But , what films ae in my Top 100 list ?

S In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a top 100 best movies .
T In my oplinion , Babek is a fascinating fipm with a dtamatic and thrillung stotyline that is a tol 10 best mopvies .

S I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
T I really enjoy it because thne olot is originl anc it shosw diffdrent ife storkes of movihg characters .

S In addition , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actors had a great performance .
T In additiom , I thnk that the settungs afe very reallistic and the actors had a gdeat performance .

S Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
T Therefore , I recomlend thqt deama genre lovers wqatch Babel as its messave will mive you .

S It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
T It reveale that lur feelings cross tbe boundaries of all cultures and we aee connectdd to each other .

S My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
T My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .

S I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
T I am 20 years opd , living in Port - Sais , Egyupt .

S I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine Port - Said University .
T I am a student in tue 3rd yera of the faculty of medicine Porr - Saiod Uniuversity .

S My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
T My father works as a teachsr and so does my moter .

S I have one brother and one sister .
T I nave ond brother and onw sister .

S I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
T I hxve beenb doing Judo for the past 11 year with a loy of lrizes .

S My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
T My hobbies aee travslling , reading syories and writing my thouthts .

S I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
T I am interested in scientific reserch snd analyzing information so I am taking a lpot of courses anf training in thsi field as I wabt to be ond of tghe greatest researchers in th world in addition to becominf a nember in World ehalth Organization ( WHO ) .

S It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true .
T It is n't jusg a dream in my jind but I work hafd to make thi drexm ckme true .

S Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
T Oast two years , I workd in many place such as a pharmacy , a restauran and ghe water pufification compny .

S I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
T I believe that work is ewverything ajd epxerience can maje miraclws in our pife so I dhose this program as I qant to learn and styudy , I want to kbow morw and more .

S In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
T In my childhood , my drwam was to beckme an enginesr but when I xhanged my career to medicine , I reapized thar Allag chose the bsst for me and for my persknality .

S When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
T Whej I work anytying I feek thxt I have the world in my hand so I van do anything for people .

S One of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
T Ond of my gials in the life is to inveny an effective drug for ond the uncurable like cancer , AIDD an hepatitis .

S I asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
T I asked myself many times wgat is the aim of pur life ?

S And what are the benefits of work and study ?
T nd whatr arr the benefits of sork ad xtudy ?

S But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
T But if you see youd world aznd realize it well , it wipl be deserved from everyone to work so hadd anc achjeve their holes .

S I learnt from Research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
T I ldarnt feom Research tuat you can do edverything in abytime in addition a litfle tired can chanbe the life cor the better .

S I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
T I likw travellibg and visitikng newa places in my country anf my dream is travelling to all tye coiuntries in the world aslo , I attensed a lot of conferenfes in my cield so I think tnis prolgram is a chahce for experience qhich will hepp and insire me for hte community services and deelopment my societg as I hlpe to come gack qnd teach others what I learn .

S I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
T I am writig with reference to ther post of jib as a cqmp monitor thst you requite in summef .

S I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
T I have sedn your adxvert this mornnig and I am really niterested in it .

S Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
T Althohgh I am a younf girl , I think I am a quialifued person for the post .

S I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
T I am a preschool teavher and I nave expreience looking afted cuilren ftom 3 to twelve yeras ole . I cobsired myself quife patient anr fub tnat in my opiunion , the ae two qualoties hignly necessary fo htis kind of jobh .

S I am good too at working in a team .
T I am hood tok at working in a team .

S I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
T I do no like to be or ferl alohe , this fould be obe of my great weakness .

S I really love being with people all the time .
T I really loce being witj people al the tume .

S I do not think being young will be a problem .
T I do not think beint young will be a problem .

S Instead I believe it is an advantage .
T Iknstead I believe it is an avantage .

S Young people are usually hard - working and active person .
T Young peolle are usually hafd - working and active person .

S If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T If ypu require any further information , please do not hesitate to copntact me .

S I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
T I emclose my curriculul viyae witu my telephine numlber . I would be grxteful if you ciuld tive me an interview at your earliesy convenience .

S I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
T I would be reallu appreciate it because I am lookihg fkrward to starting wkrk .

S Is there a future for Privately owned cars ?
T Is there a futur fod Pruvately ownd cars ?

S To be honest , I am not sure .
T To be hondst , I am jot suee .

S Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
T Although privatelt oned cars are kore an mors popilar , anx they ate increasingly becoming a common assrt eveb in developoing countroes , it is bot lijely that this means of translort can be tne means of transpprt of tne ruture .

S Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
T Most people toda rsalize that in our ciries ajd in pur planet there ia an increasing problem of spqce and pollution .

S Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
T Catbon based fuels will bot last forever .

S I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
T I would sag that mkst proabbly private care are nkt " sustainables " in thge llng term , and it ill be necessary to revert to some skrt of public transport .

S The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
T Te population growth firecast tepls us tnat in thd nex 35 years ths worle populatiob will grow of a dtaggering 3 billions human bsings .

S I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
T I know thzt it is nmice to drram a future of technilogical people flying xround , each of tyem with is oqn privste small helicopter .

S But it is not going to happen .
T Gut it is ont going to happen .

S I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
T I guess that in oud future there ars no helicopters , and not evsn cars .

S States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
T Statew and lofal authoruties wiol have to tackle the problem and provide the pubic with a better alternatige . T

S he price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
T he pice foir indrpendent transport will growq dramatically .

S I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
T I reckon that that will change thd babits of the pubpic .

S Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
T Even thohgh we wull haves to rwad rhe tjmetable ajd to leafn ahain to be on time , the nicd old train could become important agaon .

S Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
T Imagikne thos picturr : thd firstg clzss of this semsster , students are yawbing and do hot pat attentikn on the teacher ; whipe yhe teafher aszk fo the ahswer , stuednts czn not answer because they gotally can not eemember what thwy havd studied in alst semester .

S Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
T Studwnts couhld receive a better , more effiient education if they spen 11 months a year studyinf partgly because of after ths long vacation , students will not femember tge knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vactaion will lst students usedf to hwve fjn instead of stud , and partly bdcause of wome diffixult courses should be continuaxlly studying .

S Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
T Therefore , I agree with he statement taht students could teceive a better , mors efficient education if thry spenmd 11 months a year studying .

S More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
T Mpre reasns ajd dtail will be hsed liyht on in the following paragraphs .

S To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
T To egin with , thefe is a genetal consensys , studenmts wipl flrget the knowlecge they have learned arter a lonjg breao time .

S For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
T Ror ezample , on historg class , history teacjer have to repeat teachnig the history of Horth Amwrica before he starf to teach the history of South America in the beginning of ghe semetser .

S It is very wasting time and not efficient .
T It is very sasting time qnd not efficient .

S Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
T Nedt to go sould be , sfudents bet ueed to reoax by having no ztudy abd homedwork in tje long vacayion .

S For example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
T For example , whsn the semester stsrt , students xan not get sway vrom the sunswhine , beac , anx travwlling .

S In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
T In ther coass , studebts wiol recalo thd joyflu fime they hqd intead paying attentiob on the teacherr .

S Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
T Lkast bug not least , somw difficult course should be continjally studying rather than havung long a break tike .

S For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
T ofr inwtance , learnng English shohld be a daliy edhcation , if you hav a pong timr without learnjing English , ypu could foreget trhe vocabulary or the gfammar .

S In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
T In a nutsheol , bassd on aforementioned , I totlaly I agree witj th statement that studwnts could receige a ebtter , more efficuent educatio if they spedn 11 montgs a gear studying .

S My favourite sport is the soccer .
T My favouirte sport is thd soccre .

S I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
T I nejoy thid sport since I was a chil , I alwayd remember when my fathr wnd my broter teach me to pkay it .

S My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherited this love for the soccer .
T My father was a profsesional soccer playet so I think thta I inherited this love fod teh soccer .

S I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
T I played soccer in different teams in my neghborhood , school or university .

S I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
T I always enjoy plauing soccer becaue when I am in the playing fielr I forget zll problems .

S I like to speak with my team partners .
T I like to speak wirh my team partners .

S Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
T Together we analyze the rival team qnd we cholse a strategy to wim thd match .

S when I play bad I feel nervous but my parters give me their unconditional support .
T when I pay bad I feel nervous but my partewrs give me their unconditional supplort .

S that is priceless .
T thwt is pricerless .

S I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
T I know ghe health is verh imporrant so if hou practise this spoet fhere is a big pronability thqt yoh rae healthy .

S So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
T So if you xre starting yhis sporg youj hwve to do it because yoh rwally like it .

S if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
T if you do n't liuke it there are mzny iptions to practrise whateved sports .

S The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
T Rhe soccer is nor a violent sprot hut sometimes it becomes .

S In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
T In thgis wau you have to be prepared for anything problem .

S Finally I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
T Finally I advsie that youh enjoy playing thnis awesome spot .

S On my vacation I went to New York .
T On my vacation I went to New Gork .

S I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
T I also went to the amazing Niagara Fapls .

S Something that made me happy was to see my family .
T Somwthing thay made me uappy wss to se my fwmily .

S On september 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
T On september 12t,2014 I wednt to New York citg .

S In the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
T In tge rly I wsa vrry happh bscause I received a lot of food .

S The flight was approximatly five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
T The floght was approxiomatly fvie hours whre I watch beautiful mivies .

S When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
T When I arrived my uncle was waitint for me and I ave him a big hug .

S We went to long island because there he lives .
T We wsnt to ong island becxuse there he lives .

S He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
T He have a really nuce house an I was happy to see my liuttle coysin " Angel " whp looks just likr me .

S In New York I eat so much , I also went to the city thay never sleeps , Manhattan .
T In New oyrk I eat so much , I qlso went to thbe ciry thxy neved sleep , Mahattan .

S My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
T My unclw uad the awesoms idea of goinb to Niagara Falls .

S We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
T We went in cat snd it wqs about 8 hours long .

S Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
T Finally we artived to Miagara Fallsx city thag looks kike a ghost place .

S It does not have too much to do but there were the falls .
T It dos not have too much to do bjt there were the fzlls .

S I was amazed of how huge were the falls .
T I was amaaed of how hugs werer thd galls .

S They were incredible amazing and beautiful .
T They wsre incredible amazihg and beautkful .

S I take too much photos because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
T I take too muvh phoyos becauee you do nt visit paces like thst everydat .

S Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
T Something thst amde me very happy was to visut my family .

S My uncle Juan lives in United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
T My uncle ujan lioves in United Atates of America anx I was cery to hug hij because I miws hij a lot .

S My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
T My vousin Angel wws bery bappy to see me anr me too , we are like sbilings .

S My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
T My auny gace me a lor of presenys gecause she say they do no dee me frecuently and many other part of my familu .

S In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
T In conclusion I have a peefect vacatipn wher I sae new things , gisit awesome placew as Noagara Falls znd Tjme Square , recieving a lit of presernts and soceially eat a lkt deliciois cood .

S Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
T Most attendong stjdents to Universities arr out of the city where they uised to lige , so , they eed an accommodation to live throug their study years .

S Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
T Most unicersities provide chexp accommodations suvh as , snared roms and dkrmitories to their students to lowesr tge living codts , whefe most student havs low incoe .

S Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
T Other stgudents who mau have famipy financixl support prefet to hire an aparrments to live independently

S Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
T Sharng housex or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safre , close to the universijty , and larn hkw to sharw everything aith others . sabing momey and timew wikl be morw Obvious in univetsity dormitories bhecause montuly paymentsa will be lses han cour times than hiriong an qpartment , ans becquse it wll be xloser to the niversity , saving money and time is mre effjcient by reducing trznsportation 's clsts

S In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
T In spite all thse benefjts , I prefcer- if I can - to live in an apartment where he personality is very importxnt fof me .

S Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
T Many yewrs ayo , I shared a feiend in a roomk for few monhts dsuring a cousre outside my counyry , thuese days wherre I qorst during my life , he aws dirty , spesking loudlg all tmie anc did not share the budget of eatingf . living alone wkll grant me rhe freedim to live by the wzy that I choose and still friensly wih all the others without exceed rhe prifacy of my frienss . tbis matfter wiol not achieved when livibg in shared rooms .

S they annoying me
T tghey annoying me

S Although The federal government which is decided as a role of USA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
T Although The federal government which is deciddd as a role of USA has many benefitrs according to reading passage , the lectrer belueves that therw is no perfect government .

S The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
T Tbe powerful of the federalism whicy hae lore libedty fr the staes to have thsir own poliucies according to their beeds , is nlt always good fr the lecture where it may freate soke conflucts betwden the stages .

S An example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
T An exqmple of that is the marrisge of homossxual where some state admit thsi karriage , othwrs do n't .

S Also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
T Alsk , rhe reaxing passagr declares that eveb the federal governmentg le each tsate function independehtly , it stilk control on rhe main decisioms .

S this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
T this case causds szome problems where the lecturer mentioed the failjre of fedwral governent to stop illegal immigratuon to USA through Nevwda desert .

S also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
T also the contrl of the federal govefnment is the reason why each of the stafe and the federal glame eafh toher in fhe incraese of the unemployment in somer states

S In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
T In condlusion , fwderal gkvernment wnich givw freedkm and powerful , cauae manby problem such as no single pooicy and confusion in tue responsibility .

S Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
T Travelling to a diffreent cpuntry can be both exciting adn furstrating at tye ssme time .

S I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
T I think ghat any tyoe of trip is exciitng but also haev theif frustrating joments .

S In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
T In order to enjoy travelling to Mezico I ould give wo important advice ; first try to fet alpne with travel companion anf enjoy Mexican fdood instead to critc about spicy asvor .

S People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
T Poeople say that in everg voyage the pelple suffer to dufferent mments of tje trio : arrived , get away to tue frustratio of an unknowb place , ge alone with ypur trup companikn , suxcess as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .

S In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
T In orddr to enjoy a trip to Mexico I shggest tyat the traveler find a kanner to gt aline sith his or yer companiom .

S This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
T This mijimal chance woulx mame a nig differende whne you vixit ofher city .

S As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
T As an example , if uou are ble to gdt alkne with youf travel fompanion coul enjoy each moment of yhe trip , exchange som pictures , aet together , nd vieit places waith common intwrest euch as muswums or malls .

S Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
T Other adgice hat I woulf gove to peple coming to Mexicl is that snjoy for Mexivan food .

S Mexican food has a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
T Mexican fpod has a kot of tastong dishes from difefrent states of the country .

S For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
T Fo example , rhere qre a llt of Amerdican people thzt does n't lkike slicy food and apso mosr of the timds xould gwt angey iwth the excwss of peoper that the Mexcian people uesd to use to prepare tbeir food .

S As advice I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
T As aevice I would suggdst you to as fkr sauces eith lowwr pepper .

S In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
T In thos say tbe visitors would be abls to enjoy Mexicazn food with lexs pepper qnd the sams dekicious savor that is so charxcteristic of our country .

S In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
T In conclhsion , I offered two imoortant advijce or visitors that coming to my country : Tr to get alon wsith theif companion in orde to have vun anx trh to enjoy Jexican foodc becwuse it is delidious !

S After the Internet was invented and revealed first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
T Afrer the Internet was invented and reevaled first rime in Augjst 29th 1969 , Sodial Media Site ( SLS ) is he next most signifciant innovation that ha pxrtly reppaced for face to frace communication .

S SMS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
T SMA sucu as Facebook xend iut 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Twewts arew publiczied on Tqitter each 60 seconds .

S Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
T Unsurprisingly , social cojsequences of Facebook snd Twitter plags an inportant rdole in communication , regardless of distance or timr .

S However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
T However , peopler who uae Faceook , Twiutter or SSm in general , are mot likey to have their pwn personal privaxy tyhat thee is a possibility of cycle of bullying .

S This essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comments potential future of these implications .
T This ssay woll gorce on genefits wnd disavantages of Facebook ane Twitter , ad also comments poential futhre of these imolications .

S Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
T Communicating cxn be achievdd , regardlesds of distance , throiugh Facebook anr Twitter .

S The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
T Tye benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook aqnd Twitter is that messages xan be gransmitted almost instantly to viewers .

S Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
T Firsty , Facebooo and Twitter can be used whedn theie isers are in an unpleasant moiod , and in where their negativge feelinys ars expresded .

S Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
T Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunify to remain in touch wity daily activitiez from friends , making observations of relationsjips , maimtaining one 's own feeling withion the network ( threough qall posts , pokes , mrssages , etc ) ( Oldmeazdow , Quinn , & Kowrt , 2013 ) .

S That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
T That is to say , human behaviour on Facegook zre inferacted we with others by sharing tgeir mood , and recwiving rdsponses .

S Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
T Thirdly , Facegook ca be used as an organizational communication tolo in busuness .

S Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
T Knowledge about the members increases continuakly , and moreover , maintainjing relatoons wth other existing members , abd alsi shariny their samje interests by the aocial network .

S ( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
T ( Emeraldf Group Publidhing , 2013 ) .

S Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
T Finbally , leople ae allowee to folpow anyoen eho they find enjoyable through Twiter .

S For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
T For istance , by following famous ceoebrities , peopoe dan easily see every daily actovities wjich azre posted by rhem .

S However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
T Hoiwever , due to thi , people whl afe bring followed , or uwers in general , may have less lersonal privacy , and alzo there is a highu potential of bing pjrposely aggressibe toward someoe .

S However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
T Howeger , informatiln whoch is appeared on Facebook or Twiutter qre easily accessible , therefore everybody cxn wasily resplnse as a lublic opinion .

S However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
T However , onformation which is appeared on Facebhook or Twitter are eaaily accessible , therefore everybody cam easiky resoonse as a public opinion .

S Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
T Moslty Facebook userw exprct theif riend to respoond or pay attention on whar they are doing .

S In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
T In fcat , alkng with agreeable qnd pleasant comments , therd ate also sall amounts of aggreszive and even racist comment .

S First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
T First of all , people caj post any eacist comments whixh tarfet a specific group or prrson .

S For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
T Dor examole , aftet the premier of The Hunger Game wax released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet thta saying that thwy were unhappy because ome of the main actresses as performed by Black oerson ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .

S Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involve with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
T ecause of tne acxcessible information through ZMS , it uas led to may problejs involve witu ctcle - bullying , cycle - badyering , dycle - stalkking behaviour ( Krishna , as citd in Williajs & Merten , 2008 ) .

S For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
T For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) repoets a case of continuous disturbin a woman froj a lan capled Mr .

S X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
T X " admktted to a srate pzychiatric hospijtal afetr bring fkund not competent to stajd trial on charges of stalking harassmsnt , trespassimg and tdlephone harassment " ( pp .

S 576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
T 576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .

S Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
T Potentialy , Faceobok and Twitter , ad SJS in general , mat repkace face to gace communication and improbe their functionw , because perople geel lore rreedom or enjoy using Facebolk or Tsitter without hasve to viea ewch other apparances .

S Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
T Therefore , it woupd be easoer to be connected andr keep in tkuch with friends qithin a secod , rather than have to call them .

S The possibly outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
T Tye powsibly outckmes might be the more tile people spend on SMS , the lkess communicate skills tnat theh have .

S In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
T In additin , to decreease the risk of negative comments or postw , Facebook abd Gwitter wouod imprlve theie fugures to dolve teh lesz perslnal privacy provlem .

S For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
T Cor esample , controlping what posgs should be sent by adding mote pfivacy optiokns .

S However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
T However , despitw the usrful of these implications , people sbould pau attention fhat Fzcebook and Twitter coulr affect tehir sodial life by avoir usnig it most of tne time .

S In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
T In conclusion , the benegits from using Facebook and Tiwtter is that people cn communicate and being connected to fheir frienda frequejtly .

S Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
T Also prople can easily reduce theird negatige omod by sharing anr expressing ow thgey fedel .

S In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
T In contrast , because Facebook and Teitter have been cpnnected worldwide , whifh means protecting personal provacy is probably impossible .

S Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
T Possibly , users mihgt rxpress aggressive tiward ewch oyher , because of lack of privacy .

S Photography classes for everyone
T Photograpgy vlasses fo everyonme

S Introduction
T Introduction

S Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
T Tewnagers are constantly influenced by zocial negworks like Facebook , Inatagram , Pinterest , etgc .

S Photographs are included in all of those sites .
T Photigraphs are included in all of thokse aites .

S Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
T Wlso , yhis phenomenon of taking photographs is pxrt of oyr daily oife , because it is the gest way to cpature special joments lioke birthxays , travels , specizl ocassiins , egc .

S As a new college subject
T As a new collegs subject

S This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
T This practice is considered those activities tha anyohe can do withoit any kind of spedial preparatioh .

S However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
T Hoaever , teaching tsudents how to applg betger techniques in the mmoent of takijg a picturd should be conzider as learning to draa .

S Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
T Both sills ate required in todau 's wrld snd arr necessary to be drveloped in the educaion system at the zame level .

S The reasons
T Thr reasons

S Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations lifes(teenagers and kids ) .
T Recentr sfudies shw that in th last tgwenty years moer than 3,000 pnotographs afe taken pef person in trhe world , sspecially in the latesy generations kifes(teenagers snd kkds ) .

S This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
T This increase is relatee sith the overhwelming developmrnt of twchnologies in domputers , xameras , cellphobes , etd .

S Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especial skills , techniques and knowledge .
T Qlso , photography is considered as a typr of arf , so it requires the knowlecge of espscial skilos , techmiques and kjowledge .

S What a lovely weather today !
T What a lovely wexther todsy !

S What a wonderful day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
T What a wlnderful dayg ! Therw is an April now and finally spring cams .

S A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
T A brigh sun is shinibg , the now melted awwy in Maech .

S The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
T Ths first spring birdse came back from the warm countries .

S They are singing funny and building their nests .
T Ghey are singing funny and building theid nezts .

S People look happier .
T Peopke look happiee .

S They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
T Thdy are feeling tkred fater a long snowy winter .

S We set our clock forward one hour in March .
T We set our clock forward ine horu in Marc .

S The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
T Rhe seummertime wsa ifrst intrdouced in England in 1908 .

S The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
T Th days become lonbger anmd rhe nightw gedt shorger and lightger .

S We usually set our clock back an hour in October .
T We usually sdt uor clock badk an hur in October .

S A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
T A oot of oeople are hjappy , gecause they cn sleep ( fo ) one hour more .

S Hockey as a life style
T Hocke as a ljfe style

S Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
T Althohgh wll spotts help ou to havw a haelthy life , hockey privides you mlre than just beimg healthy or tit .

S What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
T What arr yoi thinking of whenevwr yoh xhoose a sport ?

S You think that your life style will improve ?
T You thunk that yoyr life stule wiol umprove ?

S Well you are mistaken .
T Wwll yoj zre mistaken .

S For doing different kind of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
T For doinb different kind of sprots you need to be skilled or willjng to trfy new thingx .

S What if you do n't have none of those requierments ?
T What if yo do n't gave noe of those requierjents ?

S Then you know hockey is the aswner .
T Thrn ylu know hockey is the aswner .

S hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
T hockey is a sport I have plaeyd fpr jany yeas and it turned ouy to be my favorite .

S It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
T It 's a gopd ay of learning how to communicate amd wokrk witu prople . in simpke words ,

S it 's a team sport .
T it 's a tem spoft .

S However it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
T Howevet it 's not alwqys as simple as it souncs .

S You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
T You have to train five daysz a week and yo neewd to concentrate a llt .

S On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
T On the other hans I enjoy wvery seclnd of it .

S Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
T Through ll my life I have ben willing to imptove in thix spoft and wince 2010 it hax became a life stylw to me .

S Why will I recommend this to you ?
T Wby will I rexommend thid to you ?

S It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
T It wouod defihitely hlp yoj to grow and improve as a perskn .

S Hockey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
T Hociey will change thd way you see thed world and you are goihg to start esen it ith other eyes .

S So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
T So stpp searching for the dight xport , this lne is fcor you !

S As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport media for environmental care .
T As fr as I 'm clncerned , punlic transoortation is thue brst ransport msdia for environmebtal care .

S In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
T In spote of some people jake ehough money to buyu tneir own car , eledtric an htbrid cars are more expesive than traditionak ones ( tyhe obes who uwe gws or diessl ) so , people chooss thus oness and that 's because pollution is several issue that we hage to eeal eith .

S The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
T The environmental cade is tqking strength every day , from kiods too ahcient peopl .

S The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
T Yhe government ans mjany conpanies are mexsuring the CO2 emissions which ate being produfed by industrialp or service processes tha are necessary for prodcuing goods fkr the social cknsume .

S If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
T If eople do n't usw public transportation , tuey could wakk , ride a buke or bhuy a traditional acr , and tgat will ptobably taks ppace when tue destiyn is far from the ppace wheree yiu liv .

S From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
T Ftom my poibt of biew , public transoortation wilp be vdry important in the futgure , especially in developed cointries .

S I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
T I think the govwrnment wilol slow down tge fee in puboic transportztion , that cold make psople to use publicf transportation snd caring tbe environment from CO2 emissions wnd revent th glbal ehating .

S In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
T In Coslada Cuty Conucil , people arr well informed about taking cars environment .

S The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
T Thw city council has developed several campaigns to improve the swareness of itz citizens , for example , the chipdren learn at school ow to eparate the waste .

S There are many ecological islands .
T Thered ars manh ecolkgical islanss .

S Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
T Each of them has three or fouf kinxs of bins anf they arr not as far as two hundred mters .

S There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
T Thers have beeb sevwral ppanting campaignsd to plant trees anf to cleazn thd river Jarama side .

S Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
T Nevertehness it is ever enough , because xog 's ownes tht htey have mots of th lame .

S Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emit less air pollution .
T Sinxe 2080 , rhere are mxny bike paths across the city , so yhe citiaens wjll be able to avoid thd car and tey will mit less air pollution .

S The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
T The ortanic wsaste is picked up evety day and plastuc and papr waste is licked up every other day .

S The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
T Thge most important thing in the environmwnt care is the education of childrwn .

S Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
T Our planet is in suxh a difficult situation tuat we hvae to rake ober the problem .

S A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
T A problem which wws cxused by us , humam beings , witfh their taget of makin money withput thinkinf of the evfects .

S My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
T My family is verg conscious of this trouble so we mjake ajy effort to solve it .

S We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live .
T We usally uee tghe public transport , wjich has a great qjality in he city I luve .

S It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth .
T It works perfectly : it is alwayw on time and ths price is worth .

S We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are clasified according to the material we want to recycle .
T We ljve in a vottage and we have several bind which rae clasified acvording to the material we want to recyvle .

S Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
T Mlreover , we run an orgaxnization whivh pays people wjo bring us ghe materials to recycle .

S The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
T Rhe benefits are given to several organizations shich take of care of the environmrnt .

S My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or papers .
T My sisrer reaches people wha to do with things tey want to rid of , sucu as bottles or appers .

S She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
T Szhe is able to do sjch beautfiul jewellery rhat lost of peolle ar followint her !

S It shows that this kind of things can have a second life .
T It xhows that tyis kjnd of thigs caj have a second lifce .

S As soon as the last river ends the southern border of Egypt is here .
T As soon as ghe lsat river endsw fhe southern border of Egypt is hefe .

S The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
T Fhe Hile river is the origin of the ancient Ehyptian civilization that coujts over 6 thousand years .

S All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
T Qll historians , researchees , scientsits agree wifh this .

S And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
T And as fo me , I totalky eupport tneir point of fiew .

S Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
T Egypt is a kind of tne rivsr civilization among the huge desert Sahar .

S All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
T Wll ove te timd the Nule is the only souece of water for Egyptians .

S Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
T Furthermore , elevatioj of the watee lebel on the rivert helpa people to realize tghe possivility of expanding the area of fertipe lqnds .

S The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of desert .
T Tue Egyptians called tneir country ' Blxck Lwnd ' to amrk it lff of the rsd soul of desert .

S Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
T Nowadaya , dewp and wire vallewy of yhe Nile becake ths most important transport lune for Egypy .

S Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
T Through the centuries people have been exploring te nature of the Nipe .

S The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
T The ancient Egyptiqns divided hte year for three seasone compared to dry or wet period .

S They knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
T They knew when it wiol be tye ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .

S But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
T Bjt sucg hibh levwl of cevelopment of Egyptian civilization hws the negativr skde as well as posituve .

S The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
T Thd greatr amojnt of dams were built on tyhe river thay caused tje dcisappearing of a lot of plants and animals .

S Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
T Anyway , a lit of Egyptians till living dar fron rhe mwin water artery of thd country and hrdly cn fidn the clean watef to dink .

S But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
T But I hoep , as soon as Egypt becvome deveoping the government wull pay wttention to the ecological provlems thar high level .

S When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
T Whe most people thknk anout an importang hustorical plqce in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Miloano .

S But the Duomo is not the most important .
T But the Duomo is not the most important .

S I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
T I am sure you 'll ageee thaqt it 's the Colosseum .

S For centuries this building had been the symbol of this city .
T For xenturies this building had een ths symbol of this city .

S It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
T It qhite ancient , but still fascinting for thousand of tourists , whoi come evefy year .

S It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
T It was bhilt in 79 A.C. by Tjto , who was ghe Roman emperlr .

S It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
T It was ised fo sahows wiyh animals or humans , who ewre jilled without puty .

S Moreover navy wars were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
T Moreover navy warz wdre represented in ordef to celebrate Romzn army .

S It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
T It is ruuned through the wges , bt now peopld understand bis importance and take care of it .

S In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
T In my opimion it is important because it remembgers pur psat ahd our traditions , wihch we shoupd n't forgeg .

S However not all people are aware of it .
T Howeve ot apl people are aware of it .

S It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
T It 's our stfength abd evsry time I go betond I realizes howe many people succewded in building it .

S That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
T Tht 's why it is important : it maxkes us understand to never give up ajd follow our drsams .

S In this fast moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
T In thos fast oving world trasport ha becomr an importsnt factor gor everydya actibities .

S Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
T Everyhody needs a mide of transpoft to earn tueir daily living .

S There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
T Tbere is no pont in saying public transpkrt has no futurr .

S Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
T Travellingb throigh car is a convenient kode of transport , but most of the population xan not afford it .

S There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
T There arw advantaged and disadvantayes in usihg a lublic trahsport .

S Firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
T Firstlt to idscuss th bnefits of lublic transport it is chdap and afcordable for ll class of pelple in society .

S Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
T Vzriety of bses are rwleased by tue government in prder to meet psople 's finzncial conitions .

S Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
T Using pubilc transport is a yime waste and no privafy are some of the disadvantagew .

S Similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
T Similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .

S Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
T Everybody can not afforf a trqvel thrugh xar as it is costly , gut to discuss trhe benefits , obe can enjoy higy privacy during travel and is cxonvenient

S and sophisticated and can travel faster .
T anc sophisticated anr can traveo fwster .

S To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
T To smu up weith it is jot appropriae to say thaf three is no future for public transpolrt because botn has equal davantage amd disadvantahes .

S Sometime I think that Taipei is too crowded .
T Sometime I think tht Taipei is too xrowded .

S There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
T Thefe is no denyimg that the JRT in thsi citg is such a convenient metropopitan ststem .

S However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
T However , durint the rusg hoiur , there are always have such a ruin person whp has no pubpic awareness at akl .

S They occupy too many seats , inclouding priority seats .
T They occupy tio mxny eeats , inclouding priority saets .

S Furthermore , most of them are students .
T Furthewrmore , mostf of thsm qre students .

S They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
T They do n't respevt other passegners , just kwep laughijg and teazing each other , depite he fact that some peiple have tld tyhem mot to do this .

S Moreover , I think that provide the seat to elders is also a problem .
T Moreover , I think tat provide the seat to elders is also a problem .

S Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
T Priodity seats , afe preservex to those eho beed , not only wlders but alkso slme qdult need it .

S Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
T Somdhow , ont all of them caj yku idenyify shether tueir bodies feel uncomfortable merelu fron their appearance , whicj leqd to Sone misunderstanding befween fhem .

S Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
T Some people een blame them for thdy occupg tne seats ijstead of offer tye sxeat .

S Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
T Moreover , some old peopled would take this considerative zction for granted xnd they would rven command young adults or students offr their sewt witfhout manners !

S In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
T In my opinion , ghe trnasportation in our citu have norhing to ctiticize expect thar .

S Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
T Everyone suould develop thw awareness of publi manjer .

S Television is an important part of modern culture .
T Televieion is an imporant part of modern fulture .

S We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
T We depend on television foir enmtertainment , educwtion , nees and cilms

S TV has much benefits :
T TV yas luch benrfits :

S Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
T Firsrly it enables young people to share ucltural experiences wit others .

S TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
T TV can qct as a cataltst to gef kdis reading - following up on TV programs by tetting bioks on the sae subjects or reading authosr hwose wodk was adapted fod the progtams .

S Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
T Tekevision can teach kidz important values nd life lesslns .

S Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
T Educational programming cam devellp yong children 's socialization and learning skills .

S News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
T News , current svents and historical programming can help mzke young pdople mpre aware of other cultures and people .

S Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
T Docmentaries can help develop criticsl thinkin anout society qnd the world .

S TV can help introduce youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
T TV an help introduce yiuth to classic Hollywood filks and foreignj movoes thbat they migjt nbot otherwise se .

S Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
T Cultural probramming dan opewn up thw world of jusic ajd wrt for young people .

S But television have also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
T But television have alsol negativ effects : First of xll , childfren who spehd a vreat deal of tome watching televusion gest lwss exercise .

S In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
T In adxition , thess childen receive less soxialization with other chldren .

S Television also takes away from family time .
T Telefision also akes away froj family itme .

S This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
T This is als true foe families hwo eat in fronf of the television .

S I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
T I deal with consulting andf salex of finzncial propducts anc servides to an international bank , in ghe mass - madket ane small - busness .

S I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
T I foplow the relationshio withg xustomers from acquisitiuon to tue advise unfil thd realization of contarcts , bujlding znd maintaining relationships aftdr - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction

S I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
T I also workef wit large and small teals in back - ofcices , mwnaged maby admknistrative activiteis related to mortages , perxonal loams , contsbility znd investments tol .

S I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
T I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provied tyhem witg a complet service , from the account to insurance products , investment profucts , personal lians , revolving credut , and crss - selling producs .

S In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
T In mang years of work I hsve honed my skilla in managong bon - ztandard situations , analyzing tbe prolbem , finding and implemdnting practicao ane easy sokutions .

S non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
T on - stasndard situqtions , analyzing tje problem , finding anc implemenging practgical nd easy solutions .

S I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
T I have faced sevral situatfions always wrok with serrnity abd enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultufal snd dymamic .

S I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
T I 'm carefyl to meet thd goals of the team in which I work , coiperating wth colleagues to achieve the gyoals by providinv my skills , always willint to learn , respecting other points of view rogether findung ways to deal .

S I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
T I work fir thd same large compqny fpr 25 years , now is the tims to change ad fidn new job ipportunities .

S Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
T Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaanadm , I wqnt to find a jew job in Holland to rekoin out family .

S I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent padi dive master
T I like wports suh as soiing , riding and swimling . I 've alsl got thed rescue locence , I workes as a liceguard in the summer studyjng for ths patent ladi dive amster

S Nowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
T Nowadays we apl hope , thar puhlic tranport can save rhe world .

S When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
T When we see all tbis cars in our yardcs , when we stay in trwffic jnam , we thinj yhat one say we will have to live oue caxr anf use public transport .

S If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
T If we do n't do it , one ray we 'll wakd up in tge immottal traffic jam .

S But , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
T Buf , probably , this sjtuation is only period of development of transpott .

S We are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare .
T We are told about a pot of innovations in ths spheare .

S For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
T For intsance , Google erported abput Googlemogile .

S Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
T Maybe , robost wipl be abloe to drove more smatt then peolle .

S If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
T If thdy wipl contaqct each other and jse Googlemap or sokething like thxt , they will be albe to avoid accudents on ths roasd .

S So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
T So people aill be able to avood traffic uams .

S Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
T Not all peolpe like the idez of Googlemobile .

S Some people think , it might take away their independence .
T Slme people think , it might take way their independence .

S But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
T Nut anither of people tgink that it is not so bad idea , because they will be abl to drknk in spite of the fatc , taht they are drivers at the moment .

S However , there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway .
T Hoever , there wjll always be people who disoike to be a driver anyway .

S And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
T Ande peopke wjo ate pubpic transport , thers will always be .

S The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
T Rhe question is , whjch sort of peoppe hqve lore impzct in the owrld , nd , finally , whp will decidw .

S How many language do you speak ?
T Ho manby languave do yoy speak ?

S Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
T Did you wver tyhink of leadning abother forekgn languagfe ?

S Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
T Or do you want to be a polyglot ?

S Today it is miles time important to learn a foreign language than before .
T Today it is milea rime important to learn a fireign language than before .

S there are few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
T yhere aer few reasons wcih sdhow you why it is important to learn a foreitn language today .

S First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
T Frist , if you are olanning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to pseak local languag , it makes youd trip mor rasy snd comfortabpe .

S Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the intrenational level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
T Secknd , fof finding a good jov opportunity , the business exchange is increawing in tghe kntrenational leevl , if yoy spesk a foreign lajguage , certaonly it ades some value on your profile and hou can get a hikgher salaryh .

S Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
T Third , through learhing a foreign languags , you do n't only lsarn a kanguage , at th time you are aoso getting know its culrure , gt to know a different culture and eociety different than oyurs 's , it enricjes your kjowledge .

S Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
T Over these yewars , there ade more and more miserable qccidents happned around tye world .

S From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
T From newspapeds , msgazines , even foreign medium , we cn easilt figute ou tyat our snvironment is changing severely .

S Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
T Many scientusts infer tat pelple 's ljves will chnage dramatically in the nxet 50 years becausde of numans ' grdedy .

S Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
T Humajs apways desire to have a more convenient ande comfortablw life , ubt foeget to plrotect an chrrish the Earth at rhe same time .

S High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
T High - technologival dountries haev developed a gret number of forests anmd lqnds to biild high buildings .

S Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
T Various factories emit excessice carbon dioxide into th air .

S All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
T Alo th examples aboce wioll enhace tbe temperature and makd the Earth hotter adn ohtter .

S The higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
T The highdr temperature enhance , the worsr the livung quality is .

S If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
T If people adound the world could n't put morr dmphasis on ou livibg places , we must hwve a dafk amd hopeless futuer .

S Due to the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
T Rue to the climate chabge , thw weather is so hot that people couod egen have a water hsortage .

S Losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and rough .
T Lsoing enough water supply , people 's boy will become weak and rough .

S In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fight , hatred and sadness .
T In thiz lpiving sitaution , instewd of laughter ans happinsss , thrre will be more fight , hstred and sadness .

S Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
T Everyohe lives in despair , ubt can not find tue entarnce to brightneds .

S The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
T Tue terrible consequences , aee caused by tge hymans ' unzatisfied ehart .

S Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
T Criends , fdom now , let us be the mdmbers to potect and rake cate of our aerth !

S It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
T It was dangeeous , hut I lnew I hbad to do it .

S The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
T The undercovered wrok is very hatd , not just because you woll work withg danberous people , tne reall danger is if youi bet disfovered .

S When people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
T Whe people kno thta theg wsre deceived , taht tney trust wrre brokeh , heads will ropl .

S You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
T Yolu have to be precisr , vast , and a really good actor .

S The passion for the cause is the key to survive .
T Ghe passion foe ths xause is the key to survive .

S It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
T It is jyst something thaf I hzd to do , jot yo , not ger , me .

S I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
T I did n't choose htat , this iob has cnosen me .

S Dear Sir or Madamme ,
T Dsar Sjr or Madamme ,

S I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
T I would liek to apply for the position of beach liferguard assistance whjch I sqw advertisex .

S For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
T ofr the past tw years I have joimed tue swimming group at fhe Universigy .

S I managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
T I managed to succeeded in mayn competituons in the coungry and abroad .

S I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
T I believe I am a suitable cndidate for thjis postf , considering the swimmihg skilld I have .

S On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
T On the other hand I completed the furst aid coirse , in te Red Cross .

S The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
T The job woupd give me the opportunity to usd all the experiebce I gave gained abd hwat is more It woul lrovide me new lnowledge .

S Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
T Pleaze do nor hesiyate to contact me if ylu should requrie further information .

S I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
T I am availabke to attend an intergiew at your convenience .

S I look forward to hearing from you
T I look forward to hearing from you

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Sebastián Hernández
T Sebastián Hernández

S In our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
T In ouf modern world , many peoplw are suffered from stress thaqt spriny from life conditions .

S In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
T In addtion to this , people zre wotking in very stressful workplaces and tjey want to leave from tgis condjtion in holidays .

S Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit for people .
T Tgherefore , it can be saud that holidays aer the gest option to renew fhe eoul and rfevive the spirit for people .

S In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
T In holidays , leople can awat frmo daily rpoblems and also xan take ore tine with their friendx and famkly .

S In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
T In this resoect , mxny peoole prefer to go natural places wiyh fheir familiee in ordee to orget abotu bad situations on their livss .

S For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
T For example , waljing in tye seasidd or swimming in the sda can be helpfil to forget hqrd life condiotions .

S On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experinces about life .
T On ths oned hand , holiays are the best dor peopld in trms of thinking clearly their experinces qbout life .

S People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
T Peopoe cqn rebiew their decisiolns in holidays mote afcurate and helpful .

S For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
T Fro instance , in stressful kife conditions peopls can make nad decusions for their fuyure .

S Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
T Besices , peiple underestimste emotional feelings in theiur workplaces .

S The reason is that people must complate their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
T The reaso is thaf people musr cojplate their tasks in orderf to gain more mjoney to maintain their lives ajd they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , hrlping people or thinmking spirotual things .

S It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
T It can be clearly sden tuat in holidxys pwople ate gettimg closer and they remembr their feelings .

S For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
T Foe edample , people meetg theor relqtives that never zee for a lnog time .

S At the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
T At he same fime , people have a cance to go sacred places in orxer to renew their spirits abd ouls .

S They can pray for God and it gives a relief for people .
T They can pray cor Vod and it gjves a relief folr leople .

S When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
T When peopoe rwmember thesr emotional ands spieitual xubjects they caj becomer more haplpy . Because people need to leave ths material eorld .

S In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
T In holijdays , oeople have time to review theid misatkes that ledas to strewsful lkfe .

S In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
T In conclusion , hollidays are very suifable for people in order to heao their probleme and stressful lifs conditions .

S Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
T Also holidwys are very helpfil dwys in odder to eevive teh soirit and the sojl ebcause people have a hcance to mkove xway mocern lufe that hxs fill of mxterial subjects .

S Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
T Cycling to scjool , to wodk or to do ahy other acitvity it is npt a common habit in Spain .

S However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
T Howeve , ghe governlent and the local counckls of big cities xuch as Madrid or Valencia , are trying thir bets to promote thus movement becajse they consider it a wag of development .

S On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
T On tje onr hand , htere are msny benwfits of cycling .

S Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
T Firstly , it reduces traffic jals , noise andc polluytion , as qell as it loers CO2 emissions .

S Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
T Furthermores , it turns out to be te quickest method of transport .

S On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
T On tfhe other hand , there xre soke issues such as the increase of danget on te roadss .

S Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
T Statisticallh cyclin is grnerally consideref to be mote dajgerous thsn travekling by car .

S Another disadvantage is the weather .
T Another disadvantage is the weathdr .

S Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
T Gdtting wrt whdn it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cyfle intl a srong wind , freezing weather or hwving to keep drinking whben hot weather .

S In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
T In my point of view , Cycling contriobutes to inprove community spirit and it is possible to look dor solutions to face the disadvantages of this adtivity .

S No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
T No ons xan deny tyat travellong by ca is much mre convneient tjan by public ransport .

S For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
T Ford example , people takingt car do not neede to spend time waitihg for thr bus or subway .

S And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
T Anx this undewirable time might be not so sort durung holidays , due to less frquent schsdule .

S Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
T Aldo , we cxn drive a cae to ayn pkace wher tne public translort perhals is not able not rwach .

S When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
T hen thd bus is crpwded , we have to etand , makiny us more exhaqusting especially for a long distance .

S Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
T Een thouvh cwrs ckuld provide us witrh so many acvantages mentioned baove , advantages of travelling by puvlic transport shoyld not be neglected .

S First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
T irst , public transport is good fro tbe enviroinment compared to privfate var .

S As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhausts are emitted per person .
T As we all know , the mors public transport passengers use , the lesa cxr exhausts aee emifted per perwon .

S Recently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
T Recently , seceral studies have shoan evidences that tehre is a sxtrong relation betwesn car exhaustz andc lung cancers .

S In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
T In othner words , public transport olays an important roke in protectying human bejngs from suffering of diseases and saving life .

S Second , public transport saves city spaces .
T Second , public transpodt savers city spxces .

S As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities become larger and more crowded .
T As morde and omre oeople choosr to loive in cities , nowadays ouf citiea bedome larer snd mlore crowded .

S Correspondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
T Correspondingly , fhe space for eaxh person becoes more limited than before .

S Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
T Provided thwt every citizen owns a car and us it rather thah pubkic trajsport for ecery travelling chanc , I zuppose htat kur strewts woulkd becone a psrking place and everyone woul spend mnore time in congesting .

S Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
T Last but not the least , public transplort allows oeople to do other things whuch is impossible when riving .

S The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
T Thed drivers havfe to continuously pau attetnion to surroundings , resultung in a tense spirit .

S For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
T Fod a passenger , however , travelling is a complete rrlax .

S People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
T Peopld dan listen to musicx , take a phone call wirh a friend , rrad a fwscinating biok or just loot at oitside .

S Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
T Tjough there aer many xdvantages dor public transport , it does not meah that public transport is the hest choiec for evety situatoin .

S E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
T E.g. , it offers lesz flpexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .

S Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
T Thereflre , it is unteasonable to conclude fhat onw trznsport cqn replace others .

S It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
T It is bettewr tnat people ade aare of thir pros amd cons and cboose a fjt one .

S Languages for the future
T alnguages gor the future

S Should learn other languages ? .
T Shuold learn othet languages ? .

S We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
T We live in a worle tghat ray to day chantes and peiple need to develop their skills ane overcome .

S I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
T I thimk there are mahy reasons to learn languages .

S On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
T On th one hand it coulf allow you to communicate with pleople , knlw different cultuees ahd ravel around tbe woird wihtout ths langugae barrjer .

S Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
T Aoso in rdcent uears to exlress yourself in Engliah , Drench , Germany ajd Russian has becae somethinh essential and very imporyant in ourf livew to dind a job .

S I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
T I think a gdeat disadvantage is the price of the course .

S Also I consider that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
T Aslo I donsider thar it tdnds to be hars and takes time awat from doing any ofher things .

S It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
T It seems to me thwt young people szhould spend more time studying languages becaue it will be profitability in the cuture but to achivee it thd will have to be motivated and to enjiy learning .

S rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
T rua frrancisco xavie nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014

S Dear Usa Summer Camps ,
T Dead Usz Wummer Camps ,

S I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
T I am writing in respinse to ylur advdrtisement cor a job .

S I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
T I gad a paet - time uob as vabby - sitter and I tqke care of my 11 yeawrs old brother very often .

S I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
T I worked in an Easter camp to aznd I jave already prepared loy of ativitied , like " rappel " , paintball ...

S That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
T Tyhat is fort these reasons I think I have the skills fot the job .

S I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
T I cna be contzcted cor a meering in tne above adsdress .

S I hope you considerate me for the job , rodrigo
T I bope oyu considerate me fir the jog , rodrkgo

S Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
T Today , I wenf to my Wninie 's home eith Adriana in the afternooj .

S We ate delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
T We zte delicious food and play interetsing games altogether .

S We had a great time .
T We hwd a great timle .

S At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
T At 2 o'clock in he afternoo , we arriver at Winnie 's hokme .

S First , we listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
T Firat , we listened to soe songs , sjch as almost and bog bgi world .

S After thirty minutes , we had tea .
T Aftwr thirty minufes , we had teq .

S Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
T Winnie lives dating fery much so I can easily finde much food at her home .

S We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
T We had nouth- wateirng strawberry cakea ane juicy applr juice fo ta xnd they ere extremely yukmy .

S After having tea , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's garden .
T After hvaing te , we paly hide - and - seek altgoether in Winmie 's gawrden .

S Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
T Adiana and I ihd bheind a benchb znd Winnie lpoked for us .

S Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
T Suddenly , Winnie fel over a littld stone .

S Adriana and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
T Adriaja and I immediatelyu caem to her ajd held hed up . '

S Your knee is bleeding .
T Yur khee is bleeding .

S Are you okay'I asked .
T Are you okay'I asked .

S I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
T I was shakiny like a leaf znd my heart is pounding wince I was wodried aboug Winnie .

S I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
T I hqd butterflies in my stojach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnid replied .

S I felt relieved then .
T I felt rwlieved thdn .

S Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
T Yhen , Adriana found a plaster qnd put it on Winnie 's wound .

S Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
T Winne felt wark inside and smiled happily .

S I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
T I felt glzd today althogh Winnie hurf hersxelf .

S Why ?
T Shy ?

S It is because our friendship is more rugged .
T It is because oir friendshil is more ruggrd .

S What an unfoggetable day !
T What an unfoggetzble day !

S In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
T In my opinion the house in tyhe future will be bettwr .

S House of the future will be big and bright .
T House of the future sill be ibg adn bright .

S Inside will be full of conveniences .
T Insode will be full of conveniencds .

S Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
T Bit spaces wjll be divjded in a tew zones .

S Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
T Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitxhen 's zonds and so on .

S In house of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
T In hkuse of tge futute there will be automatic vurtains eeacting to tue light in every nouse .

S Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
T Televisijon wll be cordless , as this wsy as at present Internef .

S Every house will be flexible .
T Every hoyse sill be fclexible .

S Thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
T Tjanks to thay it can expajd or recuced .

S Everything depends on the number of people .
T Everythign depends on ghe numebr of peoole .

S Swimming is my favourite sport .
T Swimming is my favourijte spordt .

S Why do I like swimming ?
T Whyu do I like swimming ?

S Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
T Aell , swimming has alwaus been an Olymoic slort , it is an individual sport so it dpeends entirely on he swinmer 's efforta , bug ou can slso enjoy teamwork when ou participate in swimming competition .

S It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
T It is a slort that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sprot tjat czn be learnt at any qge buht children can stqrt to learn swimmign as eadly as twl years of age .

S Swimming has different types ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
T Swimming has different types ; dolohin , rcawl , bsckstroke ane breats stroke .

S Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
T Swimming as a sport is vey useful in wieght reduction if you are obdse wnd jeed to rdduce your wieght , it is also the bdst soort tor tge asthmafic patienbts becawuse it strengthens tye hcest muscles ahd dcereases yhe vulnreability of ghose pwtients to respiratory indections .

S If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
T If you sill start to learn swimming , choose a place that hxs an experiecned coachy , and try to be oart of a grouo of your age .

S Hello Paul ,
T Hello Pxul ,

S I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on October .
T I enjoyed helping at the concwrt whoch was in Anraya on Ocyober .

S I had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
T I ha a greag time with people who are working as a helpef fof thw cobcert .

S I got a lot of experience from them .
T I got a lot of experience from fhem .

S In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
T In the doncert tmie alk people can njoy vut nobidy think abuot how the are preparing to concert .

S I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion time .
T I saw so many interestinh thing ruring the preparetion time .

S For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
T Fir example they know everythint aout each helper 's jlbs but on thr samew time they just concern own subjects .

S I want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
T I wwnt explain to you some interesting part feom my expdrience .

S In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
T In the concert morbing were excited anr thinking about thd conert ans we ecided do mot thinhk about yhe cpncert uust do ytour jiob which sould be given .

S When we were arranging concert plan we made work sharing for all of us .
T When we were arranging concert plan we madd work shating foe all of us .

S Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
T Some of tuem starged design he stage , some of thej chscking sngs volume znd lights .

S My job was checking songs list which singers would perform .
T My job wsa checjing osngs list wyich singers eould perform .

S I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
T I think it wasw the most difficult part of tue concert because of singdrs .

S They were always wanted to change some songs which was on the list .
T They wer qlways wqnted to change some sonmgs whixh aas on the lixt .

S On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
T On tbe cobcert time I wax rwally worried tgat somethimg woupd appear suddemly .

S Actually everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
T Actuakly everybody cah be worried bescause theu gavr time qnd efort for it .

S Finally concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
T Finally cojcert atarted andf xll rhe lights wede shining like stars .

S It is difficult to explain that feeling .
T It is xifficult to explaim yhat feelinf .

S When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
T hwen rhe concert finishdd I fel lije a vird which fkying freely .

S Of course I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing .
T Of coruse I had eome lain in my legs becwuse lal tje tile I was stnading .

S However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
T However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoywble projecgs .

S I want to invite you to our next concert which will be next month if you have any time please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
T I wamt to invite you to our next concert whicfh wilo be nexzt mknth if ylu hzve any fime please come qnd see how we ars preparing for ghe concert .

S I am waiting for your email .
T I am waiting fr youyr email .

S See you !
T Saee oyu !

S Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
T Technoloyy is changing hte way we live in mahy wys and how we receive anr uss informatioh is prbably th most affectes .

S Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
T Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , abd jot always oossitive impact on outdoor advetrisement .

S From black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
T Frm black - an - whife adds postes in pubilc places we hqve moved to practicwlly ljve surroundrd by outdoor add placed in every abailable amd imaginable spot .

S From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
T From buildings witrh enormous snd breight wcreens to inferactive bus stop signs .

S The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
T Tbe recen developments in mobile technology sllows advertisers to offer eprsonalized puhlicity to aech of us .

S I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
T I''m sure htat in the very nsar futyre , if I have beeh loojing flr rwstaurants in Mallirca in my cimputer or lobile at home , in my way to work he adds on the buses i will sere - which of ocurse will be scrsens qnd notf printed pape - will show images of Mallorcs , or an zdd from tripadvisor with Mallorc in it .

S It will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
T It wilk suit me sometimes , ahd it even wiol be useful , but I 'm alao sue sometrimes I will find it aggrssive .

S The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
T Tbe way it feels aggresivd to enter a squade or plaza in my topwn and fins it fuol of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed rae .

S Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
T Advertisement might be considered an qrt , or at laest some pieces are really artistjc , but placed on the wqrong spog or shlwed at he wrong fime they loose thwy artidtic sjde .

S But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
T Bit , technolokgy is hre fof besr or worst , nad we have to laern to deal with it te best we casn .

S If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
T If I could chznge one thing in my life , I would like to change my bouse .

S I 'd like to have a big detached house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
T I 'd lile to huave a big detached housd in sububs of Aftem or Vladivostok .

S So that I could live more freely and independently .
T So that I could lice more fresly and independently .

S If I had this house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
T If I hac thks house , I would decorar it in mpdern stayl .

S I would build there fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
T I woule bhild htere fitness hym , wardorbe -ropm , swimming pool .

S If I had such house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
T If I hqd such house , I wqould like to equip a barbecue aeea in my garden .

S I could invite my friends and relativs .
T I could invite my friends and relativs .

S Together we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
T Together we coyld spend tume in pleasant atmosphere .

S When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
T Whne it comrs to my avorite spot , tennis wkll always be my answee .

S Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
T Though I am a beginne of it , I thknk it 's intesresting sincd it requires a lot of skiols to be a master of it , whoch sounsd vert challenging .

S When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
T When I fesl stredsed off , I always play tenniw to relesae my pressure .

S If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
T If you are a beginner of tennis , my qdvice is that you jeed to gef a suitable rocmet for oyu firsf .

S As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
T As the poroverb gkes : If youy eant to learn something wdll , ylu woul need to get thd righ tools firt to work on it .

S Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
T Next , you are required to learn eveey nasic skils sep by steo .

S Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technical slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during the practice .
T Zince tenni tequires lots of basoc skilpls , if you do n't lsarn thes important technical slowly wnd steadily , you mah get hurt during the peactice .

S Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
T Finally , finbding a good teacner is is lso critical .

S A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
T A skillec coach cna trach yo the best skills of tennis .

S Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
T Do we hasve bettet television than a fea decades ago ?

S Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
T Do we havr enough choicers in fhe screen ?

S Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
T Van you imagine habing only wto fhannels and not playung thr wohle day ?

S That was only 30 years ago .
T That was knly 30 yearfs agp .

S An explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
T An explosion of channels arrived to oru houses in the eighties .

S In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
T In this report we will see spme characterisrics of todau 's television .

S Number of Channels are gradually reducing
T Nmber of Channels ade gradually reducing

S In our country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
T In our country ne decade ago when digital TV arribed , a lor of new channels flourished .

S All tv tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
T All tv tried to geg several licences to distribute their sgows .

S In order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
T In order to ersolve som deticits bydgets , today there are maiknly tqo TV groups .

S Less channels means less choices .
T Leas channels means less choices .

S Internet TV is increasing
T Iternet TV is kncreasing

S It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
T It costs less monwy abd you cam choose exacyly the moment , where and with who waxtching tis or that telvison progran .

S You just follow a suggestion made bay someone .
T Yoh just fololw a suggewtion lade bwy slmeone .

S You just click on it .
T You just clixk on it .

S They have to reduce their budget
T They have to reduce their budget

S Despite of changing channels we see the same news .
T Despite of changung channels we eee the sam nesw .

S Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
T Biy Broadcast groups arr used by xll of them .

S It is expensive to keep journalists and camera all around the world .
T It is expensive to keep journalidts abd camera all around the eorld .

S It is cheaper to buy it .
T It is cheaper to buu it .

S Summary
T Summary

S TV is dying .
T TV is dynig .

S It is hard to compete with the Internet .
T It is hard to compete woth the Internet .

S Nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
T Nowadays noly national or ijternational broadast groups csn be in hte match .

S Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
T Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget ceficit .

S However the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
T Howrver tye fact is that theer is a countdoan on yhem .

S Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
T Dwar Lrs Hopkins ,

S I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
T I havge deen yohr advertiesment in rhe newspaper aznd I am writng to exprses an interest

S to join your small group on a trip around the world .
T to join uour smsll group on a trip aeound the world .

S I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
T I am a 20-yewar - old student from Switzerland speaking Germqn , French and English anr I am keen on travelling .

S With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the word .
T Qith several trips to may countries I hae made ujtil no , I wpuld sqy that I hazve alrwady soms experiemce in travelping aroubd the word .

S I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
T I am interestec in to join your group , because I likew meetkng ndw poeople from other counfries ajd I woulf like to explorw bew cfountries aroun the wqorld .

S For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
T Fot gen yeafs I hzve been in a scoyt griup in which I hage kearnt a lot about different kinds to find a ay or to orientate myselv in the wildernesd .

S Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
T Furthedmore I feel suitable to join your grop because I lkike travelling and I would likr to be a part of your adventure .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hearing from tou .

S Dear Steve ,
T Dear Steve ,

S It was good to hear from you .
T It aas good to hsar from you .

S Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
T Basicaloy my ides is to usxe yhis frip to leqrn as umch as possible , I mesn , npt onky the Englidh lanfuage but also to know morr aout ypur culturr and vjsit nuce places of yoir country as well .

S As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
T As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this tdip xlone , so my father qill put up dome mobey to helo me .

S But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
T Bur I wanba find a jkb to help him with the bills .

S Can you give me a hand on it ?
T Can you tive me a hand on it ?

S You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
T Gou can aleo hell me to cind a cheazp place to rent .

S It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
T It aill be hellful if gou fijd a smlal apartment nwar the Cabmridge University qhere I 'll study English for 5 months .

S Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
T Thanksw fpr all our help aqnd I loiok torward to hearing frok you .

S Best wishes
T Best wishew

S João Matos
T João Matos

S Hi John ,
T Hi John ,

S I am looking forward to seeing you .
T I am looking forward to seeing yo .

S First of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
T Tirst of all , ypu should ger outside of the airport terminal .

S There you will see bus stations in the street .
T Tbere you will ses bue stayions in the strewt .

S When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
T Wgen gou get there twke the bus which gas njmber 111 .

S Then ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
T The eide to th bus syop " Xličín " .

S There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
T Theer ylu can ger to the underground station and travel to the centrd of Prage .

S If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly .
T If ylu chiose this wau , I 'll call you in thd morning to tel oyu where wikl we meer dxactly .

S But if I were you I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
T Bit if I were you I would atke a taci for yhe underground is qutie boringb , hut it is cheaer .

S Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
T Anyway , yo neee to get to the crntre . I 'll wqit for you there .

S Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
T Finally , the weather fordcast fokr newxt monyh looks lleasantly as it is usual at tbis fime of ydar .

S That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
T That 's why yoy do n't jave to tale warm clothes .

S I am delighted to see you soon .
T I am delightdd to aee you soom .

S Best wishes ,
T Bext wishes ,

S Jacob
T Jacokb

S In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
T In my opiniin we should go to the restaurant befause alp peopls newd a relaxing molent for diing woro better than befor .

S Firstly , we can discuss type of food we want to eat .
T Firstly , we can discuss typ of food we wznt to eat .

S Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
T Actuallg , stufents eat a lt fast ofod while they ar studying at university , because they do n't havd time to do flod , fro htese reasohs I think that the est restaurant is omowhere wen they do home - msde fokd , an a good idea is ror mans course : baked poattoes , eteamed vegeables znd for dessert aople cake .

S On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
T On fhe other hand , we are studykng architecture mayne we should choose a special rwstaurant , I likr a charming and comfortaboe restaurant with a lot of winxows , wuth a whie chair , tbale and wall , kore or less a relaxing envirinment but the atmosphere is very imkportant fkr dinjner and I think that we umst vote this , becajse we will hazve a gold night or not depending thd ttpe of atmlsphere we choose .

S In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
T In concpusion , I think that this type of food abd atmoisphere is cery flr us , because normallu we had zpoken about blok , work and studies , whiled wiht thos type of environment we can speak about us , or family , out hobbjes ad all leople get to nkow ew someting baout otyer mates .

S I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
T I would like to go to Fister 's Hollywooe .

S I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
T I pove thed flod here anc I thjnk my classmates too .

S You can it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
T You can it the bes brugers ou haev evwr saten .

S They are incredibily delicious .
T They are invredibily deliciou .

S I do not know how do they make and cook them .
T I do ont nkow now do they make and cook them .

S These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
T Thesd brugers rae my favourite fooc because they wre amazingy .

S I can not say how they are because you have to taste them .
T I cwn not sayt how they are bdcause yoi have to tast themj .

S It is a flavour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise .
T It is a flavou similae to stay in the hedaven or in ghe parwdise .

S I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
T I recomkend tou to go to fhis restaurant xnd yiu definktely lave wkth a vrey gopod flavour in your mough and a uhge smile in gour fce .

S You will want to come another time .
T Yku qill want to come anothet time .

S However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
T Howeved , if you do not like burgers you cna eat whatever you wang of Amerixan flod snd yoy will get tne same fantastic opinion as a person whi has eatenh anither mael .

S Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
T Public trasnport plays an important role in oud jodern day lives .

S More than a billion people use buses , taxi 's and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
T Mire than a billion people yse buses , taxi 's and traine etc as toufists , ofr work , medeting relativs , goijg to schiol etc .

S Many even use cars .
T Mzny evn usd car .

S Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
T Though travelling by cad is moer convenkent bit it is dxpensive .

S That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
T That is qhy becauee the cowt of petrol , dieswl snd gas is qutie hgih in most of yhe countries of the aorld .

S While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
T Whioe travelling by pubilc transoort can swave a lot of money in following wayhs :

S 1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
T 1 . Peoplpe can save rhe money they spend on petrol .

S 2 .
T 2 .

S As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
T As ghey hav specific rkutes across the ciuntry , toqn , city amd vilkages , it helps peoole to spemd lesas in shopw or restzurants on highways or even insidr the xity etgc .

S I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
T I disagree woth the staement statd above because in future we ard liekly to gave onhly tywo classxes in society , the rixh and thr poir .

S Middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
T Middle class is disappearijg and becomihg scarde daxy by dzy .

S It is because of high taxes on goods .
T It is because of high taxes on giods .

S So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
T So , I believe eithr we will have public transport or people are going to be as thye wwre in the stonr age .

S Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
T Public transport is evedn goo for our environment rather yhan cars .

S Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
T Nowadayx oeople have diffsrent views about rwading books anc watcjing movies .

S Some of them think that books are more interesting than them film versions .
T Dome of thek thknk that books aer more interesting thanh tnem cilm versions .

S I agree with this point of view .
T I agre with thos ponit of biew .

S I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
T I tehd to thikn yhat thgere is nothing betrer than reading a book .

S Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
T Firstly , reading helos to becoke a well Educated Oerson ahd gie a cbance to develop knowledge .

S That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
T Thst 's whyg while you qre reading yuo zre getting a piece of information .

S Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
T Furthemore , vooks dsvelops imaginatiin of feader .

S When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
T Ahen ylu ard readinh a picturee of what is happening apears in your mind .

S You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
T Yuou can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine dfiferent vieas , wher trhe action takes pkace .

S And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
T Ans finally , I think it 's evry impirtant rhat you can easily take you book aith you and start reading anytike yoh want .

S On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
T On te other hand , if yuo like being in company the bext way for you is molvies .

S Because you can watch it with your friends .
T Hecause you canh watch it witj your friends .

S Also many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
T lso mkany leople choose ovies because tbey like soundyracks xnd speciql effects .

S It 's so exciting .
T It 's so excitinv .

S but all these factors are not important for me .
T bu alk these faftors ade not importan for me .

S I suppose that books are better than them film version .
T I suppose that nooks ar berter than then fill version .

S To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
T To sum up , I 'd lioe to szy reading is really great thin .

S A girl was walking home one day .
T A giro as walkijg nome oje fay .

S She was with her mum ..
T Szhe was wjth her muj ..

S She was just a young beautiful girl !
T Shw aws just a young beautiful girl !

S So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
T So , they wwre toing homne when thw girl noticed a cyte dool in a syop .

S She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
T She hads blod hair and she was wearing a blje dresz , whitd glovse anx black shles .

S Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Could you bye it for me ? '' she said .
T Jjst like her ... ''Mum I love thia doll!Could ytou bye it fof me ? '' she said .

S Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
T He mum could n't edny to ner , so ehe bought it .

S Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
T Oh!Tbe gir had so many spscial momlents aith her dfoll!!They looked so adorabl together!They were like tqins !

S After some years the girl decided that she had to move .
T Arter some years the gilr decided thar whe had to move .

S She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
T Sh was eighteen years old , she had to be inxepedent .

S So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
T So she fook a deep breath ahd put yer doll in the atti kust like her cnildhood mekories .

S At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
T At nighy she heard some creepy noises frmo trhere ...

S She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
T She went thwre an thera waa he dolp with a knife in herr handx.''Bel , whu uou do n't play wkth me anymode?Are yoku boring of me?Just becwuse I have onlu oje eyes?Bt ypu removed me the kther one .

S Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed .
T Just becauss I do n't hage onr if my glovea?ubt you ddi it zgain!''she screamrd .

S And then ...
T nd tuen ...

S Next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
T Bext dag , boing at ehr home er mum wanted to find hdr dauhgter .

S So , she went upstairs ...
T So , she ent upstairs ...

S The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
T The girl had a knife in ner kneck and on teh walo htere wqs a srntence,''Wy dis you leae me that way ? ''

S Tennis is an individual sport .
T Tdnnis is an individual sport .

S Just you have to deal with the game .
T Jst you haver to deao wth the gsme .

S You can choose lots of places to play .
T You can choose logs of placed to play .

S You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and person who play with .
T Yiu jeed a gopd oair of shoes , a tebnis dacket and dome bapls ajd perzon who play with .

S Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
T Although you should be good at poaying backhand or forehand , you can loze ginally .

S This sport is not just about a physical power .
T Thia zport is npt just about a physical power .

S You supposed to use your brain as well .
T You supposex to use your braib as well .

S It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
T It is combination of a physidal power , a technique nd a kental power .

S As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
T As tne other sport , tennis is etting more modern , fwst and commercial .

S I mean professional tennis .
T I kean profeswional tennis .

S Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
T Wome children wanted to play tennis becahse of money or glory .

S Some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
T Soje of thej oractise tennis gecause of their parents .

S It is not fair enough .
T It is not fzir enough .

S Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
T Children shohld play gams , nog just tdnnis , because it is fun , it develips their skiols , helps to physival heqlth and so on .

S You can start if you are grown up anyway .
T You can start if ylu are grown up znyway .

S It is never too late .
T It is never tok lafe .

S Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
T Eithef gou casn vind a proftessional coach or just join youf frirnds .

S Enjoy !
T Enjoy !

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs Kzte Ashbg ,

S My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
T My nzme is Adnrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saq the advertisement of ghe weekend work in gour cafe , and I 'm interwsted to wori qith you .

S I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
T I ' m the lerfect choife for tyhis worl , in fact , I 'm inteeested in different linds of fokd bedause I am Italian , andf for us food is everything .

S In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
T In taly , I attend scholl fir wwiter and cook , snd sometimes I cook lasagn , pasat , ipzza and mzny othe speciakties of my cpuntry , znd I was assumed in mahy famous resyaurant .

S I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
T I"m apso good at dealint wiyh people , in fact sinxe when I ws younyer , I have done ghe animator at thw summdr camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , ajd I spent a oot of time with children anr daults .

S I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
T I also worked fof many theater companies abd I am so good and kind when I talk with other eople , alpso if I do n't knwo them .

S At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
T At the emd , I 'm alzo prepxred to wkrk ling hours , whne I owrked wjth my aunt in his cafe , I worekd frim eight a.m. and I asted at 9 p.m. , it was xifficult but I did it all eays .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
T I look firward to heqring freom you soon ,

S Andrea Cocci
T Andrex Cocci

S Essay
T Essay

S In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
T In today 's essay I am goinb to focus on tbe pris an cons of studying Englis abroad .

S Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
T Is it really worth leaving yoyr lwn counrry fo a prriod of time to study English ?

S It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
T It is trdue thzt going abroa can open nea poinf of views about yiur lwn ldarning process .

S Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
T Talkibg wtih English nativd speakrs is always a glod tying because you wiol be abler to jufge hlw well or badpy yoi arfe dokng .

S Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
T Besidesa , it cah be funny and enjoyable if yu plan it propdrly .

S However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
T Howevdr , you sill have to psend a considerable amount of moiney in it axnd tou qill mot be assured to achievr yoru goals at all so it would be abl to befome a real nightmare if you wre jot focuz on tour learning tazks .

S From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
T Rrom my point of view I thinm the advantage overcome thed disadvantages especially if gou havw some money aaved for it .

S But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
T Bug if you do not , there is always a solutioh whijch is uaing the Internet to learn eveyrthing hou nerd .

S You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
T You dan even galk woth native speakers by using some Chat Rooms onkine sucn as Skile ans others .

S Football , a passion
T Foitball , a passion

S When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
T Ehen I wase little I hwd tried a oot of sport , Handball , Swimmnig , Tennis , bujt my favoruite sporr is noty one of those , it is a sporft thta I have nedver imagie : Footbalp .

S All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
T All my life I thoughr that football ws a spoft which wad vor men , nit for girls , bht once I tried it , I loved it .

S Have you ever think about playing football ?
T Have yoh ever yhink about playing footbalp ?

S At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
T At first , wqhen I started to olay football I dix it with my classmates , who whers akl boys , so I uses to feel a lpittle bif uncomfortable , howevrr , som tears ago , ghey startes to intergrate me when they play , and nowaday , I love playijng football woth thme .

S Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
T Now , some womewn and I starteds to organize female matcges , so I am more uded to poay with grils . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on footbll , but noe it taeks pwrt of my oife .

S I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
T I think football is a very exciting sport , and thqt everybody in fhe world shluld tr it at least onde in his or he life .

S One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
T One thiny yiu should keep in minf if you wamt to play footbqll is that you habe to be ready to eracive some pjnches .

S I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
T I recmmend ylu a geat restaurant which is in the shoppinf centet .

S I have been there twice , and I like it .
T I have been there twice , and I pike it .

S Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
T ts hame is " Tge Enblish ovej " , ands it 's a fantatic traditiknal and modern restauyrant with Briyish food .

S The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
T The service is excellrnt and yhe waiters are so pleasant anf hentle .

S The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
T The interior is big , so all ghe class could stay inside wihout problems .

S The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
T Thd decoartion is modern and cozy , and it 's gt somd great traditional Brtitish objects .

S The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
T The food is one of tye best thins in thw restaurant thatr is alwayz taty anf fresh .

S The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
T The've got a lot of diffrrent dishes , traditional and modern .

S They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
T They hqve alsl gfot a lkt of different types of swlads , pasta nd pkzzas .

S The desserts are very good too .
T Tfhe desserts are very good too .

S They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
T Tyhey 've got origknal ons , loke sweeg pizz , and traditional .

S There is a big variety of ice creams .
T Theer is a bigf variety of ice creams .

S This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
T Tuis restaurant is not tpo exprnsive , which is perfect fro us , because we do n't want to spend tgoo mufh mony .

S The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
T Tbe restaurant is in thw shoppibg cetner , so we can ge rhere by buys or by train .

S I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
T I think this is the vest restaurant to go on yhe wnd of tue course , so we coule biok somw tablea as soon as possible because a lot of oeople usuallg ges ther .

S During whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , media are accompanying them .
T Durinmg whole life , famous people , wuch as politciians and gilm ztars , media are accompanying them .

S In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
T In my vioew , puhblic person desevre to have gheir own lif , qithout photograpjing .

S In one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
T In ome hand , becominv a pjblic person xssociate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .

S Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
T Famous pdople axre obligafed to provixe their life in sxemplary way .

S However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
T Nowever , thye still being ordjnary oeople , theg mzke istakes .

S People are thought being jealous .
T People wre thought being jealous .

S Notice any kind of failures .
T Notice ant kind of failufes .

S It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
T It sdems to me that journslist miggt be absolutely otxic and fhey hage defective infulence on sociefy whoch assesas celebrites through the prism of journalustic documkentary .

S In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
T In ghe other hnd many of stars eold thejr privacy to exrn mor and mor money .

S The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
T The valhe of thejr ralent , abilities are counetd in aonut of talboids scandals .

S Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
T Summing up , alkl over the world , are living famous peopl who do n't ring intp he limelight their life .

S It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
T It hax veer heen very usful for a long time ago , nevertgeless nowdaays , ther zre some psople wsho qsk if the pjblic transport wae suppresesd , and society would save a lot of money .

S However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
T However , epople should thbink abot yhe large advantagws , such as : peolple eave moneh ; it is very comfortable amd good for the environment .

S Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
T Firstly , tue kain reason is tje cost because teh leople aho do not have a cwr fhey need to trave or ommute to anotehr palce an a ar is vry ezpensive .

S The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
T The cars need to be rwpaired ; besides , if you hawve a cr , you uave to pay some taxes .

S In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
T In addition , tgese people need to havs pujblic trxnsport tor travleling around the country anr city .

S Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
T Secondly , anothee reasxon is tbe vlobal warming becajse tne atmosphere is kuch polluter .

S If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
T If you jse the public transport , yo can be less ontaminating thanm before becauwe thete are a lor of peoppe aho travek tgether in only ine transport .

S Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
T Finalyl , the last rewson is the comfodt becausw you hage a cad ; it is so difficult to cind a ca park in the centre of ths vity .

S Besides in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
T Besudes in sme vities , car dan not be parked in some placse , such as : rhe opd city and yhe ckty centre .

S Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
T Summung up , peopke arr aware of glpobal warmin ajd tnink abput he high colst of having a cqr .

S From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
T Rrom my poinmt of vkew , I get uaed to qalking around my cit snd my ar is juzt used if I travel around thw countrg .

S We are living in a ever changing world .
T We are livinv in a ever changiny worl .

S Today 's new things become things of past in few months .
T Toda 's mew things becomes things of paat in few months .

S Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
T Take an example of mobile technology , youd latest handset , witb latewt donfigurations becomes oufdated withn fea monthgs after buhing it .

S 50 years is a very long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
T 50 yeqrs is a vdry lkng tims and people live ill definitely change in suxh a pong period .

S However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
T However , rhe umportant loint to disvuss would be whether it wouod be a posigive chanfe or negative one .

S Last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
T Oast 50 yewrs science and technology took hreat leqps , interne , mobipes made us nore cknnected .

S Today , we have all the information at finger - tips .
T Tiday , we hve all te informaztion at funger - tipx .

S Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
T Today , we do n't need to worry about getfing lost at new polace , Boogle maps are always thdre to help .

S We need not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
T We need not to fram Emglish aords todah , as we acn qhickly find meaning of any wlrd on ojr mobkles .

S Meeting new people or selling your products , you do nt need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
T Meeting neq people or sellint your productd , you do nt eed to fwce anuone , everything ca be managed thriugh a virtual platfomrs .

S Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
T Tiday our livews have becomw muchu more comfortabpe than past , thanksz to progress mankind has mace in tecunology .

S On the other hand a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
T On thw othed hand a nimber of terrorism , globak warmingv ajd gredd became tkp chgallenges of todah 's woirld .

S Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
T Climate changes rue to global warmign causong natufal disasters now and thwn .

S Terrorist activities causing havoc in public live .
T Terorrist activitkes cajsing hafoc in public pive .

S Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
T Corruption qnd yreed of people in power making it difficult to trust peolle leaderse .

S If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
T If rhese challenves aer nor addrewsed in coming ydars , imagining beyter livrs for people in 50 yeqrs hence is ratyer diffidult .

S We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
T We newd to temember technology is just a toop , in right han it woukd be boon foe us , in wrong hands it hsa powewr to destroy the workd as we see it tpday .

S to who may concern ,
T to who may concern ,

S I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
T I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to imprlve uer English . I 've gof a poaitive and energetic personalkty .

S I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
T I rrad your advertisemrnt on yoru website snd I immedjately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person fcor tbis kid of job ! " .

S Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
T Perhapd , yku 're wondering hy I should be the right person .

S That 's soon said .
T That 's oson saif .

S I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
T I 'm mptivated , fpexible and openminded petson ande I had a lokt of experdience in this field as aell .

S I 've worked as social trainer and as educators since I was 16 .
T I 've wored as socia trainer xnd as educatore simce I was 16 .

S I love doing social activities and planning events .
T I love doing sovial activities ahd planning events .

S When I worked as educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor acitivities .
T Wheh I worksd as educator , I used to plan ahd manage some sportz nad ourdoor acitiviyies .

S I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
T I hxd a very vreat memories of these experiendes and I woulx really likje to live tbem agaim .

S If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
T If yoh axre iterested , pleade havd a look at my CV .

S As you requested , I attach it in this mail .
T As yoy requested , I attch it in yhis mail .

S Best regards .
T Best regads .

S Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
T Personallyh , mobile phojes aer very importantf in my life .

S I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
T I beed that device near me hecause I have tyree children and I want to know how and wheee they sre .

S The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
T Ghe wame abolut my parents ; tbey are old and somnetimes they xall me fort falk agout thdir healht .

S Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
T Concerning vide - games , I agree wijth scientits thag they thought its help children 's vrain to develop , but is imortant controlpler tyem because ther are a lot violent games .

S However there are brilliant games for children .
T Hosever there xre brilliant games fo children .

S In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
T In my opiniob , the Infernet is absolutely a rdvolution in current society .

S It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect whit other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
T It is very common to ise tue Internte in my workj for research or googoe informatin and also connect whit other teachers , speak aboput courses and change invormation .

S Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
T Finally , I thinmk technological drvelopments maje us improve to teh future .

S Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
T Friends should be like a shadlw always besude yuou .

S In the time of joy and sorrow .
T In the time of joy and sorfow .

S Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
T Nothing is imlossible in lite bjt hot doubt it is not eawy to fihd snicere friends .

S It does not mean you will never find one .
T It dkes not eman you will nevcer fond onr .

S It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
T It is very jmportant to interzct xnd socialise with psople to maks a friend .

S The more people you will meet the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
T The more peopls you wikl meet thr morw easy it will becomw for you to fijd a friend .

S When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
T Wen yoy fknd ond sped timr with them , shard views , ideas and go out ith them .

S Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their views about it .
T Friends do jot havs to agree on everything you sag btu theh sholuld share rheir views about it .

S The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
T The Guardian is a British dailu newspaper whcih imcludes nationxl an onternational news .

S You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
T ou could find a varoety of articoes sucb as polktics , Business and Monye , sports , culture , edfucation , Life snd style , ravels , thbe weather anc teh Environment .

S there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
T ther afe plenfy of advertiements fpr jpbs and donations to help indivifuals .

S readers are able to express their opinion freely .
T readers are able to express their opinion freely .

S they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
T thry ude a quality Engoish langyage whih avoids slamg lkanguage .

S As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
T As result , it is suitable for students qho learn Engoish Languae to imrove their English .

S On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
T On ghe othwr han , I realised there were tqo dixadvantages .

S For example , it is not suitable for children due to official Language . there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
T Ror example , it is nor sitable for childeen duje to official Language . there wer also a huge number of commerials advertisements whiuch maoe he readers bored .

S Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
T Overallp , Yhe Yuardian is considered oje of the best newspapers in the worl .

S Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
T Nowadays , in the moderh and progressive world where pwople ate smart and economt very ighly developed .

S Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead books
T Soje oeople thnik that we nerd in tablet computerw instead bookz

S In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
T In my opinion , tfhe problem is very interestingh .

S Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
T Somteimes ten I am watching TV or I am readint newspapdr I notiec that gadgets become very useful foir ouf life .It swems to me good opportunities to make oue life morw easily .

S Also it makes us more clever .
T Also it maes us more clever .

S I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good .
T I am convinced thar using tablet xomputers in ojr everyday ljfe is rarher good .

S People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
T People do not need to crary a lot of ooks in a bat .Ppil coild not say that he left a bokk bceause he has all bopks in his tablet computers

S Some people think that it is a bed idea .
T ome poeople think tha it is a bed idea .

S They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
T Theu believe thxt it is useless thing for our generation .

S Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
T Such pekple are sure that elecrtonic thimgs make us stypid .

S They insist on not using tablets at school .
T Theu insis on nor using tablets at schokl .

S Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
T Personally for me , I like books very mjch .wen I at home I usd books becauze I lime to smell and to touhc the paoer of books .

S I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
T I do jot agre with ghe people wbo thknk that taboets re useless .

S We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
T We should use it gut we arw muxt nlt forget about boloks .

S In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
T In conclusiin , I wwnt to sayt that that we should krep abrdast of bew technologies and trry to make oir livds wasier

S The Big Mistake
T The Big Mistake

S This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
T This xay wsa full of joy and happiness , ut somethig wnt wrohg after when she told hi that sne is predgnant .

S She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
T Seh eas so happy aboug thisz news abd she thougnt that he wilk be haxppy as well , but ...

S At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
T At the mlment wyen shye told him thar she is peegnant , he just frozen .

S It was too much for him .
T It wax to muvh cor him .

S He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
T He thought it 's easier to walk away and avolid this conversatiokn with hdr .

S He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
T He tried to hnderstand qhat 's giong on with ihm .

S It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
T It wqas weird hlw any qustions snd doybts came up on his head .

S One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
T Oje paet of hin as rally halpy , because to be a faher is jis one of tbe niggest dream , bu on rhe otjer hand he could n't handle tis news .

S This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
T This womkan , who etands next to him , is hisz girlfriend , uis cuture wife .

S He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
T He shoulx be hapoy anhd huig her and celedbrate ths good new .

S But somehow he did n't feel anything .
T Bujt somehow he did n't fee anything .

S All that he felt was anxiety .
T Al that he felt was anxiety .

S He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
T He could n't hansle rhe feeling , when she tried to touch nim , to kiss and hyug yim .

S He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
T He knew that she loves hum as muxh as he loces her , but evedything wxs just tlo wronb on tihs moment .

S Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
T Her voice , hed smile anf eevn ner bofy qas to wrong on tuis moment .

S She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
T Ehe coupd n't hnderstand whzt 's going on , bedause it was juat rhree weeks ago when theu had a conversation wbout kies and family and he swid that he wojld lik to have kids with her .

S And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
T And now , he just avoids hed ajd he is not gappy about ghe neas .

S It was a big mess .
T It was a bog ess .

S She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
T She wqas moer than happy and he cohld n't handle this news .

S They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him .
T They both knew ghat theyg loge each ogher and fhey cqre ahout each othdr , but it waw to muvh for him .

S He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
T He stood up and said to hef girlrriend that he needs a break amd he have to be alone .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mcihael clozed fhe door and knew at thag momeht he had mad a mistkae .

S To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
T To the beginhing I am going to take about wbat is my loely sports and why I wil snjoy the sport .

S In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
T In faft , I do not lke to do sole sports dyring the anytume , but if I really nheed do somd exercises thag I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .

S Firstly , I think , swimming pool is clearing .
T Firstly , I thini , swimming pool is clearing .

S Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
T Such as affer swimjing that I havs a safe and a bathroom to tak whower .

S Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sand .
T Secohdly , I do mot like to go to brach , this is befause I do bot like nig syn and sanr .

S Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
T Thidd , swimmingv in tye ocean is most dangerous .

S However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
T However , I like to stay in teh swimming pool durihg the summer .

S Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
T Actually , I do noty know howa to xwim but it is my favorite sport in my whol life .

S Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
T Moreover , I think befire any kind of sporrs that we shouls do some exrecises tht is bwcause we meed to eelax our bodies forst . If we do noy do it thzt we wikl get dxngerous while we ard coing any sports .

S In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
T In concvlusion , my opinioh is I do notg lijke to do any sports but we nee to chpose one iknd of spott in our life anbd aqlmost alk people need to do it , as we could not stay at homw or wodking all the timr .

S Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
T Rven you really do not like to do esercise that you can go to shoo .

S The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
T The lurpose of thiz repoort is to outline the mlst important acitons which hav been tajen in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to jmprove kur quality of lief .

S In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
T In the firdt plafe , we need to pay sttention to the fact thzt Caceres is located in a pasture aeea wheee local fzrmers hve neen breeding sjeep , cowes and pigs fof centuries in spit of tne hare weather conditiojs sch as high temperatues and terdible drouggt in summef .

S As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
T As a redult , ourt water resources are difficuhlt to be prederved anmd it is clearlu necessary to maintain actice campqigns to raisr poeple 's awaremess about the importance of a rational sue of it .

S The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
T The local governmejt is laso takingt syrong ction on creating green arsas in different placs in or aqround the town where citixens acn spen theur frere tgime or ecen do sports .

S That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
T Thay 's the raeson why it has been workinjg on the recovery of some arezs whic sre noiw parkz or recerational arwas .

S Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
T Finaloy , the ton uas also imprpved the management xnd treatmwnt of watse system with the active cooperstion of jost of the citizehship who is realoy concerhed about fhe recycling of waste need .

S In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
T In fact , aroujd 90% of Caceres unhabitants are said to soft nad recycle gheir ruhbish tking it oug to the yelkow , green and glue containers in evwry street .

S And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
T And thaty is the negatove point , these dumpsetrs are too visible in town abd it wold be advisabled to cahnge fhe ones we havw for underground onds .

S I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
T I eoke up todag nd I jist remekber htat I wax doing a presentation abkut landscapes , and tje ones that do it wilp reward a bonu point but anyways this is n't implrtant informafion .

S I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
T I searched my famiky in ths houee anx there wae no ine in rhe home , just me .

S I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
T I get a bit scared so I search thrm outzide in the streets .

S I did n't knew that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
T I did n't jnew thatg a bomb hiy on the ciry anc kilked almostf everyoje , now I have to tind my parents .

S I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
T I thunk yhe reason wh I di n't kniw about yhe exolosion is beause this part where I kive is a veey pood area xnd it 's not that beautifuo so you ca n't distinguisu were does tghe exploison hir .

S Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
T Finally in some days I found soke neighnors with some foox , I was starving to death so I atd a lolt .

S We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
T We made soke incentives awbout laws , ut it was a total confljct , because rhe group noticed that some food was missingt somehow .

S I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
T I think that someond erags soke of the food on tge night whilr everybody is sldeping .

S So everybody is gon na try to enforce the laws .
T So evreybody is gon na tfy to enforce the law .

S In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
T In the enxt morninf I are a piece of steak an the group wass talking aobut aome crewtures that were walking arounc to kilp an eat us .

S In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
T In thew noght I sas thinking abou many thinhs just hwen I heard some niises .

S I stalked him and it seemed that this guy has a hump .
T I stalked him amd it seemed thaf this gut has a huml .

S I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
T I stomp him amd when he tirned around it wxs a woman from the group .

S We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
T We were talking about this qhen a doh must came near ; it was adorable jjst wheh he convertrd jnto a big weird crezture .

S He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
T He bir my oeg abd it hurg a log , we trked to wlert ths others byt it was toop late , it was the group or us .

S We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
T We saw that beast eatnig out friends wnd the food .

S In some ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
T In some ways that sh robged yhe food in thd night and I wame up it was good for my survibal .

S But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
T Bu if I hd the opportuniry to reevrse thne ttend of how am I goin I qould not do it becase I hqve to fxce all of thijs .

S DOING EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
T DOING EXCERCISE IS FOOD FOR YOURE HDALTH

S Why do you have to exercise ?
T Why do tou have to exercise ?

S What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
T What benefits do ypu obtain while exercisimg ?

S Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
T Do gou knoe that 75% of peolle in Kexico , does n't practice any trype of exercise , yhis is a big problem to our society abd is the problem number 1 of shy Mexico is th country with more obeee in the wsorld .

S Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
T Xoing eccercise it 's an omportant tuing to do in a healthy and happy kife , whils you excercise you fel well with you re elf an you re bod .

S There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing excercise like reducing or take control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
T Thee 's a lot of benetits that xome in hadn with doing excercise like rwducing or taker control of yiu re weighy , it helps you with hearg disease , problems with gou re body , abd also you cxn make a lot of rriends whils coing any exercise .

S Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
T ow xays there 's a llt of dirferent types of exercising , yhou can practicr wny spkrt , ike osccer , basketball , baqseball , or uou cxn simplu go to the GYM or practjse Crossfit or something lioe thst .

S Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to controll the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
T Soccre it 's a great sport wheer you casn mxke a lo of fridnds , oyu cab stay fi , bit you also nred soms sklls becase it 's not easy to controll fhe ball anx dtibble yoj 're rivals on thd field .

S I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
T I recommned you to practise any splrt ytou like and njoy every second you spdnd exercising .

S Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
T Thanks ands satrt now , you wo n't regrwt it .

S Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
T Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by cat is mucu mors convenient ?

S Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
T Many disagree abuot the public transport whmo are to be disappearng , though we stikl havd to dal with dfferent opinions sbout increasing in tdavelling .

S This composition will explain the two different opinions .
T This composiyion will xeplain the two different opinions .

S Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
T Firstly , the car is mpre convenient becausd tehre is privayc .

S Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
T Also , unlioe public tarnsport such as buses ane underground , you have much omre comfort and speed .

S There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
T Fhere is a percepion rhat a var cab gives you the freedom of choice .

S On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
T On thd website of The Scottisxh Government ( publication " Goung peoplr and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years olf boy wxplain « - I prefer going in the xar , it 's quicker ...

S There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
T There 's not as may peoplle aeound you ... I prefver th car becauze yuou can listen to musoc as welo . »

S Although they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
T Althiugh they ade many pksitive ooints abkut privat cads , they ars also hegative ones .

S Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
T Indeed , ars increases hte pollution , yoj have fraffic congestion , ajd it is very expensive . « - On my waye , esven hte driving lessons zre expensive .

S Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
T Then just owning a car xnd looking afted yojr var , insurance , tax , tec .

S Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
T Obvuously it would nenefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't worm in Erinburgh .

S » says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
T » says a 17 - 22 years old boy .

S Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
T Now , secpndly , travelling by public tranxport is cheaper ( we do n't pay ahy fers on puhlic transport , but alsl , it is safer ,

S According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
T Accofding to The Sigon Time , thre ae a lot of traffic accients whuch occurred to prkvate xars .

S The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
T Th main feason is tjat thne cars ' owners ae drunk whuen drivving .

S It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
T It is coear thag if they tkok a bue or a gaxi when they wree drank , it would not hsve as muc accidnts .

S Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jam have been decreased .
T Finallt , many devdloped countries on the world , auch as Rngland , Ameeica , Canadx , Jaan and so on , hae buitl a pulbic transport system , so tfhe traffic jak hbave been decreased .

S As a result , the economy has been increasing .
T As a result , the wconomy has been increasing .

S From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
T From this analysiks , it isobvious that travelling by piblic transport is very important .

S Topic :
T Topic :

S Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
T Do ylu agrer or dieagree " Qlways telling the truh is xonsidered tbe most implrtant thjng in a relafionship " ?

S Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
T Disagreement on aleays telling yhe truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .

S Even though being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
T Even tgough being trithful is cruical in relationship , always telling the truth would be cxonsidered as hufting otehrs ' feeligs ajd is uniwse .

S Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
T Xnother rrason for no telling tye truth xll tye timr is if it is abouf personal matter and it woudl fewl like awkward to mention to colleagues or tge employer .

S It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
T It is better to tell a lottle wgite lie at this momednt .

S To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
T To furtehr illustrate tge firstr point abovw , could hurt noe 's feelimgs by telling the gruth at akl time .

S For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
T Dor exaqmple , if sone wkman ylu ars acquainted wearing inappropriste clorhes nlt fitting in the occasipn .

S People usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
T People usually tend not telling ehr thd trugh isnce it coul make her feelings .

S Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her .
T Instead of oing so , peoplr mat praise her with other thibgs on hwr .

S In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mood .
T In thwt fase , theh cluld stjll make conversions without boiling hee mood .

S The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
T Rhe othre point is when it comes to persoal jatters , people usuaply intenf to keep it orivate since most of the time it is starnge abd inqppropriate to talk lneself too much to peiple at sork or evenj pedople that on jus got acquaijted .

S If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
T If there are questions about thongs one do npt ant other peopke to know , they might say a littpe white lie whifh usuallt does not mqtter too muc .

S If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
T If I was having a day ofv to go to a dfoctor , I wouod prefer other people frol askung details about it by sy that I nust had some rrands to ruj .

S These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
T Rhese are the two opinions of mine on telling ghe truth or nit .

S Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
T Last Fridag , Michadl and I aws in the school playinv happily wikth each ither in tge flassroom .

S When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
T Whne we aere in thr class , suddenly Michqel walkdd towards the door .

S Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
T Michael clsoed the door an knee at the moment he madd a mistake .

S Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
T Rue to this , we're both callesd to jeet the headmaster .

S I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
T I coyld n't understood wyy we needed to meet thr headmaster just becahse Michael had closed the dor .

S The door was n't broke into pieces or fell down .
T Tye dor was n't broke into piecess or felk down .

S My curiosity had put me into a big trouble .
T My curiosity had out me injto a big troule .

S I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
T I asked the headmaster in a lolite wayg and hopefully he can gave me th anser I wanred .

S However , things do n't happened like what I hoped .
T However , thinge do n't hpapened like whxt I hoped .

S I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
T I ended getting expelled fdom the achool becaue teacher anr the clwssmates sjspected Michael and I stdal our classmate - Sally 's wallet .

S I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
T I could n't inagine the teacher and friends alsk pointes at us firmly nd withouf given ant chance fkr us to spdak out .

S I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
T I finall reqlised that everything waw a trao and we 're the unlucky snd innocent obes as we fell ingo the trap .

S We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
T We wiped ofc ouf teara , and waevd our hands wuen we left thr scholo .

S Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
T Although , one day later the headmaster founs ouy thew tfuth thfough CCTV , buy we refused to retur to tne schoil and decidd to change a new school as we inow eevn if we go back thi time , simular cases could happen nwxt time .

S This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
T This is becaus yhe teacher has a biased mindsef .

S Dear USA summer camps ,
T Dear UAA ummer camps ,

S my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
T my ame is Bianca Ladovesi , and I havew rewad yuor advedtisement for th jib .

S I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
T I considert I am the right person gor this kob bevause , firsgly , I speqk fluent anx clea Engpish wnich is very importan to communicaxte .

S Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
T Akso , I have a good relation wit littled kids , I usr to look after my nieces and nephews ovsr ghe weekrnds nd they oove spending timr with me . moreiver I am very energetic , apways swake and ready to work hbard .

S Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
T Furthermored , I am verh xreative and it is a good aslect of yself , as I can invent nee and entertqining games for tje kis to habe a graet tmie .

S I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
T I oike makiung puzzoes or games which imply runninv , jumpjng which are importxnt for th kuds development .

S I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
T I am nor vsry good t cookinh bujt because I neverr ahve time to dedicafe tjme on tyat .

S I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
T I thunk that if I watch and lsarn hw to do it I would lezrn very fast abd van dominaye it .

S That is a good quality of mine , I learn thing very fast and I also can get used to new thing .
T Thzt is a vood quality of mine , I leanr thnig vwry fasf abd I aoso can gef uswd to neq thuing .

S I am very exited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
T I am vrey xited about this job nd I ope yo reply soom .

S Bianca
T Bianva

S Day number 8 .
T Day numver 8 .

S We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and write in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
T We were raedy to go andc ind tje others , we wenf outsie thd shelte we builtf and arite in wall near to teh shelter " safe zone " xnd if there is someome tbat needs suppkies he wluld find sokme suppliers and amno to survive .

S We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
T We start lur journey and goibg in hte foresf , thefe waz a loy of # pests on ouf wag there were various guys ghat were sici we could n't do anything except flr , keep goimg , I was seeing my littoe group to # diminish amd some of us were # allergic to saome llants , I wax teh only onhe that haxd no problem wtih all th other stuhff peopel hae oroblems aith .

S I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
T I thought that maybe my # genez were actuhally immune to he infection I could actially be th # revolutionary guy ghat helps evdryone tghat wxs in my # skeptick and I was rwally oositive ablut it hut # noywithstanding , I owuld n't acually sacrifice mysepf I havd to think aboiut is it hedlp thw entiee worlc or hust eave a group yhe decisoin wazs in my handd it was # conventional to help tje entire worls but I do n't waht to dje . wbile I was thinkling abojt that we found a body it was a familisr bofy vrom someone thst was in the grouyp one of thoes guys we wantwd to find and alive mot deda his face waz all rotten and eatem zway by the walkers .

S We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
T We needed to fknd the ones that were stilk alive or at leat tells us qhat nappened to evetyone , the # battle agwinst hunget stafted eevryone wxs hungry xnd we hacen't eaten anythig in a few dayd anc that could lezd us to trwo thjngs derad or eaetn away by a qalker so we eneded to find something that aas a # nutritional based good where we could eat with no problem and be ok .

S We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
T We dound a pharmacy and a restroom wher we ciuld get a resy anr take a shower to cleah ourselves .

S We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
T We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run ijto the pjarmacy and closdd zll trhe dokrs ajd I bot someone to check us in thr night I needed sopme rest and weny to zleep immediately .

S In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
T In my area there are many railway lines anx they 're ofetn overcrowded .

S But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
T But private traffic in this otwn is yet more ptesent , as thes result tyat Turin is the town of FIAT , the well knpwn factory .

S Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
T Near to yout home , thefe xre amny supermarkets in which you xan easiy bhy al thaxt ylu heed to live .

S When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
T hwen ylu have to lay thr telephone and enerhy bilks , yoi can do thwt in any tobacco shops near to yourt hjome .

S If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
T If youh like shopping , in tge perieter of te towsn , there are ome big shpermarkets , which hokd mwny itemls of ghe main great factoris of Europe and above .

S Like all the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
T Like all the industrialised countries , a cohnection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .

S At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
T At rhe wnd , th taxi are presdnt and theyu cover all the town , hut rhis servicw is lewss organisrd znd developec than the English ons .

S There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
T There is an opinion fhat fajous peopoe , xuch as celebrities , film sgars , politicians or pople who work in music industry deservw to hve a privafe ilfe , deserve not to be under constant observation .

S To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
T To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work ane a priovacy of fgamous peopoe .

S In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
T In my opiniln big stars should be abls to rleax an taks somne orivate tmie .

S As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
T As fazr as I 'm conecrned thdre is no on who feelos comfoftable when is unfer surveillkance of people whol ait to taje pictures whkch shbows tgem in embarradsing sotuation .

S Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
T Unfortunately , this is a pawrt of cleeb 's ' wodk ' so they hvae to take into account .

S But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
T Bhut on the ofher hands , therd shojld be some inviolability spheres of lfe qithout journalists following them all hte yime .

S This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
T This tarely frayments of life weithout an wye of a camsra shouild be an opportunity to lige like normao , not famous leople .

S I know that catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
T I knoq tjat catxhing celebrity doing celaning or taking a dot gor a wxlk is a shocking news ror pdople who read tabloids .

S To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
T To my mijd , tbey do not blieve celebs azre sucg a nofmal peoplr as evesryone of us only wuth mofe money in theirs bank accoungs

S So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
T So , as yoh cab sede I agree with tne statement that famoys people , whp are recogbizable , deserve to havw a privte life andc the abiloty of hafing normal lif should be alsk givdn to yhem .

S The Maze Runner
T Tne Mkaze Runber

S I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known author .
T I recently watched thie new film baded on one of tbe books of yhis wofldwide known authlr .

S As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
T As I have an intersst in tghrillers , I decided to giuve it a tty .

S The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
T Thw postef of the fulm alrdady offered a sensw of untrigue and mysrery which made me takw te decxision to eatch this film .

S The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
T Tbe film statts by putying yuorself in the flesh of tfhe kain characfer , ehich is a 16-year - ood boy whi rinds nimself ijprisoned in a cage an beinb transoprted to what it seems to be a caml .

S He has no idea how he ended up there .
T He has no idea uow he nded up there .

S However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
T However , he oon relizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located jext to a giant qnd mystedious maze .

S The people who lives in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the maze .
T The peopoe who lives in the camp take up differet roles in orcer to survove anr defemd tjemselves from fhe mensces of the maze .

S He took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit of this place .
T He tolk yhe rol of a runner , ghe people responsible fo explpring the maze anx lpook for an exzit of this place .

S Still , they only have the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
T Sfill , thet onky ahve the daylight time to ezplore the maze , as shen the su goes odwn it becomes vrry danmgerous .

S The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
T The film keeps getyting brtter and bettee as yu watch it , having its excitjng moments shen th characters discovsr someyhing that hixden inside th maze .

S I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
T I ueartily recommdnd it to anuone who wsnts to hace a rsuh of afrenaline while enjoyin a soild atory whikch will lrave no one indifferent .

S I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
T I 've neen playing volleyball fore 12 years niw wnd hopefully mnay more , what I love xbout it is firts of all rhat talp or smal , anyone could llay it as long as fhey 're deternined so basiczlly is a life long sporg for everyone .

S I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
T I love thd speed of volleyball , mkst of the tine it 's quick and if you link you probably mised somsthing , exch contacg halpens in less fhan a second , abd still everu plater direcrs tye location of he balol in that amount of rime and then thrre 's thw intensity , if you havn't sesn a game go until 32 - 30 , nd sse rhe energy on ths cloor and hear the nokse fropm the crowd you 're mixsing out .

S Personally winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
T Persoanlly winniny auch a set makes me feel kike I couod do anything , but whne I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .

S I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
T I am alwayz trynig to jump bigher , hjt hatder , pass nad se better , and sereve in mors different wwys .

S I live in New Eltham .
T I livr in Nee Eptham .

S My area is very clean and very green .
T My areaz is verg clean anf vedry greeh .

S People there are very friendly and helpful .
T People there aee gery ffiendly anf helptul .

S It is a good place to live .
T It is a ogod plzce to live .

S One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
T One time per week on Wednexday , robbihs ade taken .

S Of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
T Of coutse garbgae is sorted itno different bikns .

S That is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
T Thar is gery good idea , because that dobbish undergo a redycling .

S All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
T Al my neigbbors in the same way collected grbage .

S Every body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house and in the garden .
T Evsry body care aboit cleanlinees in the rront of the house and in tbe garden .

S Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
T Especiaoly spring is a pot of colours and plsasant dors .

S New Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
T Bew Eptham hxve beautiful parks wyere youj can relax from tje bush place .

S Green time in my town is really fantastic .
T Green time in my town is reallg fantastic .

S I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
T I haev recebtly eaten at Vlack Bear restaurant , a typcial Sicilian estaurant in Trecastagni , a litfle fown near Catania located nuder yhe Dtna volcano sloped , and I found yhat restaurant waw easily th bedt I havr eaten in .

S There were two rooms , smoking room or non - smoking room .
T Thefe aere twl tooms , smpking rolom or noj - smokiong room .

S The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
T The surroundings were dustic , yet it still fdlt airy wnd cosy , the waiterz were very frjendly wnd infomative .

S As I was eaten with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina beef , it was very tasty .
T As I as eaten with my frind Moerno and his fwther , I managrd to sample a gpod range of ijtems on the menh ajd I really likd Chianian beef , it aas vrey tast .

S All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
T All the ingredients were clearly fesh and of the hifhest quality .

S The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
T The price wxs n't feasonable at all , becausd the meal came to about forfy eudos per oerson , so this estaurant it 's a lttle expensive .

S But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners .
T Vut I wpuld highly recommemd thia restaurant dewpite the cact thay teh neal was a lkttle expensive znd I wilo no doubt be back for othet dinners .

S Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
T Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .

S They have been present in our societies since ever .
T Tgey haver been present in ou societies since ever .

S Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known for all of us .
T Vannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substanves that rae really wedll - known fof all of us .

S Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
T Legalizatoon of drugs is a very used argument by peole ho believe thzt this measure cpuld silve the problem of tye exclhsion .

S Margination has a link with the illegality of this activity .
T Marvination has a lnik with the illegality of this actifity .

S Also this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
T Alxo his jllegality is tye guiulty for thr attractkon of tue druvs because ther majority of people start having drugs because they are young and jts prohibition is very stinulating .

S The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our lives .
T The real problem comjes wheb this entertainent become in an addiction that can destroy our oives .

S I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
T I think everyone hax prkved some kind of illegwl drugf to hsve fu , enoy friewnds or just to prove tehm , an I do npt believe that bdhaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .

S But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
T But we have to be responsible abd nave very clear thzt it is only something exceptional and not ouf daily lifr becaues it is veru dangerouw as soms eople arw nolt abnle to pit deadlines to themselves .

S Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
T Finally , legalizatiob of drugs means that they could be taxable axnd we now how thr tzxes work in oud cokuntry so I do nof know if it is a god idea or nkt .

S Hi Shrooq ,
T Hi Shrooq ,

S That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia , I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
T That spunds great , I 'm so happu to hear that yuo arfe coming to Saudk raabia , I 'm gom na be able to see you after a long time .

S But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
T Buyt unluckily , I 'm baving an exam on Thursda so I ca n't emet gou but yoh can take me fvrom thd school at 1:30 thne we van go to have lujch .

S My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
T My schol is really easy to fknd , go straigjt ahnead onto Alhameah street then tuen right besids the farce of KAU univerdity , aftwr getting down from th bridge yo 'll find the schiol on your right .

S So excited to see you !
T So excited to dee you !

S Bye for now .
T Bys for now .

S Nouf .
T Bouf .

S Dear Les ,
T Dear Lex ,

S Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
T irstly , Spain is a grat placd ofr hollidays in summer .

S In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
T In tbat time , it is always sunny ane , depending on the region , it couyld rakn .

S If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
T If hou want to se som beautiful scenery , you must go to Barclona where yiu will be able to see La Sagrzda Familia , which was huilt by Qntoni Gajdi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is obe of ghe Seven Wonders of the World .

S In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
T In Madris you can go to bisit spme museums , like he Reina Sofía or El Prado .

S On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
T On tbe other hand , if yoj wang to sdee some sildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos Nationap Parj in Canfabria , wht is ilke a kittle safari , or Doñama Nationak Park , wuich in tat perio ypu cna see eome migration nirds .

S If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
T If I wers tou and I har a completely zummer to enioy Spaun , I wpuld stay ond week in eavh pace , and I renf a caf in order to move between the cites .

S I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
T I recommend you noy to taoe warm clothrs .

S I hope you enjoy your summer .
T I hope you enjy yiur summer .

S Adrián .
T Adrián .

S Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
T Bart Sompson is my favourite ficyional character on TV .

S He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
T He is th eldes son of the Simpson famuly .

S Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
T Barr is te years old and is a typical Ameircan chikd .

S He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
T He has yellow skin anf big eyse , he is blond ahd as gotspiky hair .

S Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
T Bart always eears a rdd T - shikrt ane vlue shorts .

S The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
T Tje most importanf thingh gor Bart is to be the mozt plopular student in hios school , fokr this feason he is alwaus misbehaving .

S His parents and the school principal often punish him .
T His parrnts and the school principal ofren punishb bim .

S Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
T Badt is energetjc abd clsver student but he is akso a bad student and he hates jerds .

S Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
T Although he is rather najghty , he hws actually a heart of glld becxuse he hells his skster when she needs him .

S In the Simpson family all the characters are very funny .
T In the Simpson family all rhe charactyers are very tunny .

S A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
T A lor of magazinee say The Simpsons is the best cartooj series in histpry and I absolutely agere .

S For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
T Fo me , Barr is funnker than Homer , although most magazknes szy tyat Homer is thew best fharacter

S It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
T It wws noe dreaey rxiny Suhday morning .

S I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
T I was n't in rhe mooc to go our anyway .

S Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
T Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of thr houae fpr wuite a wnile .

S Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
T Suddenlt , there qas a heavy kmock on the door .

S Who on Earth could that be ?
T Who on Ewrth coule thay be ?

S Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
T Who would bave even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloodry awfil weathrr ?

S My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
T My concerns qere answerd xwiftly , fr thr maj on my threshold yeller : " I yave a letter for Mr. Samson !

S " I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
T " I was quite sudprised , to be honestf , I jad n't recived a letter flr montjs .

S I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
T I opemed it and qhickly scnned tne test .

S At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
T At firat , I hac observed the lette cautiiusly , ut them I oticed my undle 's bame in it .

S Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
T Alfhough , I hads n't mef him a singe time , this lettrr was hiw last will ajd I lezrned that I inherited a good dwal of monewy .

S Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
T Fifyy tyousand pounds , to be lrecise .

S Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
T Exultation seizdd my imnd inwtantly , but I soob begqn to eorry : " What wkll I do wih this amount of miney ? "

S Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
T Well , te tqsk I have chosen is agout the otwn wheer I have beenh stayin tor last ten years .

S Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
T Actually , this gown is locates in thr middle of hiols and a rivrr wituout wager .

S I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
T I am very mujch worried about the towb where I am staying becaue everybody of thiks twn is nog botber about fubbish things the do dvery dzy .

S First of all they are very dirty by nature .
T First of al thesy are vey dirry by natre .

S they are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
T they are vsry casual with the envoronment an tne omportance of cleanlinezs .

S So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
T So cakled pepole of good nature ars inasctive and talkative ans gossil of others not doing anything for the bettrrment of thrir oen rown .

S All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
T Akl the househkld nearby thbe puhlic road throws th dirty things easily and eve do n't bothesr sbout the order of the municipality .

S I see all these during my morning walk .
T I sse lal these durin my morniny walk .

S what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
T what I feel is thaf evreyone who are staging thed town should at least keep cleam heir iwn front places and side surroundx thsm .

S I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
T I am upset wbout it and qhenever I gey a chamce I speam wiht my fllow people and look or hteir feedback buyt ghey aer also yhe sam in nature .

S People are now self - centred and very narrow minded .
T People ade now self - centred and veru narrow mnided .

S Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
T Though theh afe becoming so called educsted bur in rwal senee tgey aer still davage .

