S People have had a need in communication since the dawn of time .
T People have hd a nesd in communicatiom xince the dawn of time .

S Every human being has a need in socialising and that is the first reason why I believe we start making friends .
T Every human heing hxs a need in socialising andf thbat is thw first reason why I believe we starr making friends .

S Personally I usually get on with people pretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
T Personally I usually het on with people pretty well and make new rriends eawily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I htink ) .

S It usually starts with small talks or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appritiation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationships .
T It usaully stafts wiyh small talk or compliments , as at school I qas taught that expressing alpritiation to psople cwn be a bood star of any kind of relationshiops .

S A true friendship itself forms on a base of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
T A truhe frioendship itself forms on a bxse of strong mutual understandng and this txkes a good deal of tjme .

S Friends do not have to share the same opinion on every topic , however , they should respect and support each other even if they disagree .
T Friends do bot have to share th sam opjnion on everh topic , hkwever , they shluld respect and suppodt each other egen if they disagree .

S All in all , even despite the fact that making friends can be a struggle ( they need our time and efforts ) , they give us support and love and improve our mood when we need it most .
T Wll in alo , even despite the fsct that mzking friends can be a etruggle ( they need our time and effortd ) , fhey giev us sypport and love and improve our ood qhen we need it moxt .

S I was walking in the center of Turin when I saw a big , beautiful hotel , with a lot of police who were trying to maintain law and order because there were a lot of people like me that wanted to know what was going on .
T I wws walking in thne cemter of Turin when I szw a big , beautiful hoel , sith a llt of plice who were tryijg to maintain lww and order becahse there weee a pot of people pike me taht wanted to know whta was going on .

S I saw a policeman who was my friend and he explained to me that a man had been killed by someone and he allowed me to go into the room and see the scene of the crime .
T I saw a policeman whp was my friend amd he expoained to me tha a man hax beeh killed by slmeone amd he allowed me to go into thbe eoom asnd sre thw scene of the rime .

S I went to see the room of this poor man , called Mr Smith .
T I weng to se the foom of tihs poort mn , called Mr Smith .

S All the room was in order and the policeman explained to me that the man , who had been very old , had also been rich .
T All trhe roon waa in order nad thbe policeman explained to me thatr fhe mna , who had been very ld , had also bee rich .

S Mr Smith was found on the floor with next to him a glass , which was completely broken .
T Mr Smith was foudn on ths floor witn next to nim a lgass , whcih aas completely broken .

S I thought that he must have called the reception for some wine , as the waitress said that every night after he had eaten , he always drank a glass of wine .
T I tbought that he muzt have clled tge recepotion for some iwne , as thw waitrews said thwt ecery night after he ad eagen , he always rank a glwss of wine .

S All night the body had lain like this on the floor .
T All night the body uad laib like tbis on the floor .

S The next day the waitress knocked once , twice , three times but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
T Tbe next ray the waitress knocked once , twice , three fimes buht no onw answered , so swhe thought thst thw mazn mifht have gone out .

S She opened the room with some keys that all the waitresses have , and saw Mr Smith lying dead on the floor .
T Sh opened thr toom with some kesy that apl the waitresdes yave , and saq Mr Smith lying dead on the floor .

S The detectives analysed what was in the glass and it was poison .
T The detetcives analysed wyat wae in thr glwss abd it waa poiso .

S I think that someone who wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's money must have killed him for this reason .
T I thinbk that skmeone who watned to inherit Mr Smith 's monet must have killee nim for this reaso .

S In fact I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
T In fact I discoverewd that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortuns .

S So he must have killed him with the poison .
T So he must have killed him witn the poiswon .

S Sometimes people will do anything for some money
T Sometimes peopoe wil do aynthing ofr some moneg

S Nowadays it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
T Nowadays it 's believed thag it 's better to woprk on youd own thaj to work as a group .

S First I completely agree with this but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
T First I vompletely agree with tgis bujt tfhen wgen I started to think aboug it I realized that it 's not lioe that .

S Firstly I think that if you work as a team you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation you could have a better and more completely answer because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
T Firsyly I ghink that if you work as a team you can help esch ither wnd if you have mord peopple to ralk about anu sjtuation yoi could have a getter and more complrtely anwwer becaujse you have the idezs and tye knowledge of ever single membr of fhe group .

S Secondly I think that the members of the team give you support , love and company .
T Secomdly I think that thd mdmbers of the twam gie yoy support , oove ahd company .

S Sometimes the members of a group began to be so close to you that you love them the same as if they were part of your family .
T Skmetimes tne members of a group began to be so close to you taht you olve them the same as if thdy weree pxrt of your family .

S Moreover if it is a really nice group it is funnier to work with them than to work alone .
T Moreover if it is a really nuce ghroup it is dunnier to work with them tgan to work alone .

S In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because they give you love , company and you could pass a very good time
T In conclusion , I believe thaf it 's better to wok as a team than to work on yur own because tjey givd you love , xompany and yu coild pas a vwry goid tims

S It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
T It is well known tha an image is better than a thousxnd words ahd that may be the reason for the success of teelvision in a ercent surbey as the kost improtant invdntion of the last 100 years .

S However , this election could not be the wisest as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
T Uowever , rhis elecvtion coulx nto be the wisest as there are other inventions mroe useful rhan television and wifh bettre future applucations .

S I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect the missile facilities and the central headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
T I am referting to the Ijternet . obrn in the 197 's as a militarty project to interconnect ths misdile fscilities and the centtal headquarterx , it soon pread to universities and educatilnal centers .

S This fact , along with the spreading of personal computers , quickly became in a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
T This facf , aslong with ths spreading of personal compuers , quidkly became in a beneralization of its usw in the fkrst decade of th XXI century .

S Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of television and its achievements .
T Bobody want to dismiss the importance of televisiob and its achievements .

S For more than 50 years it has been the main entertainment channel displacing others as radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
T For moee than 50 years it has been the main entertainkent chajnel dixplacing others as radii , theater , cinema amd , sadly , akso books .

S In its first years television was also an important channel to culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
T In kts first years elevision was als an importanbt channe to cylture ( theater plqys , clxssic films , etv . ) .

S Unfortunately , in the last years television has lost this educational focus .
T Unfortunately , in the lasy years television ahs lost thjs educational focus .

S The Internet , on the other side , has became more and more popular not only for entertainment but also for business and today is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
T The Internwt , on fhe orher sode , has became morr nd moe opular nkt only for entertainmrnt bur zlso for business snd foday is almosy impossibke to finf an activity in whixh yhe Intenret dose n't ppay a jajor role .

S The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
T The Internet nas also replaced television to watch fipms anx TV hsows , especially among young pelple whk porefer to dowenload and wath the videois instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .

S A fire in the French Alps
T A fure in the Frenh Alps

S This experience is unbelievable and unforgettable to me .
T This experience is umbelievable and unforbettable to me .

S It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends and me were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
T It wsa in winter 2002 when 2 friends and me werw working in a horel in a village cwlled Tignes .

S The hotel had 8 floors and the workers lived on the top floor .
T he hotgel haxd 8 floods snd the worekrs pived on thd tyop floor .

S At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and me went back home .
T At abouy 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends adn me ewnt back home .

S It was the end of a hard work 's day so we went to bed early ; we were very tired and we had forgotten to put out a candle .
T It aws the end of a hqrd work 's day so we aent to bwd early ; we werr vry tirwd and we haf forgotten to put out a candle .

S Then , disaster struck .
T Theb , diszster etruck .

S One hour later our table was on fire .
T Pne hokur later our talbe wa on fire .

S While the fire was spreading all over the bedroom , I woke up and Matxi was unconscious because there was a lot of smoke in the bedroom .
T Whilw ths fide qas spreading ll over the berdroom , I woe up qnd Matxi waa unconsdious becauee there as a lot of smoje in te bedroom .

S Monica and me called out her name and we slapped her face .
T Monica amd me cwlled out hesr name and we slapped hef face .

S Fortunately , we managed to wake her up .
T Fortunatelg , we managef to wake her up .

S At the moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor go into the bedroom .
T At the moment , somer friends znd othet worker who pived on the same floor go into the bedroon .

S At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , and although this night sound impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
T At th beginninjg , we coiuld n't stlp ths fife , and zlthough this nigh aound impssible , we majaged to put out the firs .

S That day I was afraid , but now I remember this experience as a good time .
T Tha ay I ws afrais , but npw I remember this experience as a goiod tims .

S Public transport has been discussed enough but there is always space for further discussion .
T Public trandport hsa bwen diecussed enough but there is slways space for further discussion .

S Now the question uder discussion is whether public transport has future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
T Bow ths question uder discussion is whsther publoc tdansport has future as travepling by csr is gaining more anc mkre populatity because of ifs advamtages .

S Well , I think it has future .
T Well , I think it has future .

S First , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
T Firsf , there re always lots of peopple who would prefet not to gice much thought whete to park thier car or how to avoid traffic jms .

S The metro , which is a means of public transport , solves all these problems .
T Tue metdo , whjch is a menas of puiblic yransport , solvds all these problems .

S In smaller towns without underground there are usually a number of bus routs to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach the destination .
T In smaller toqns withut underground therte are usually a unmber of bux routs to cover the city area , so , all uou need is to go to a bus stlp and to get on a bus and soon gou 'll reach the dsetination .

S One should n't forget that using public transport helps to save money .
T On should n't forget thxt using public transporf helps to save loney .

S It 's not a secret that gas , insurance and reparings are costly .
T It 's nto a secret that gss , nsurance and reparings are costoy .

S Safity issue is very important also .
T Safith isse is evry important also .

S It is obvious that is safer for the environment than thirthy cars with an only person inside .
T It is obvious that is sager for fhe environment than thirthy cars with an only person inside .

S You should take into account that thirty drivers(often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other participants of the traffic .
T You should twke info accouny that thirfty drivefs(ofte inexperiwnced or aggeessive ) pose a greater danber to toad users thuan than on traijed bis drive woh fels rewsponsibility for jis passengees and fror oher oarticipants of tne traffic .

S The answer is evident , I think .
T The answer is evident , I think .

S And the last but not the least thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able or just do n't want to drive , so the only way out for them is public transport .
T And te laet bug not the leats thing is thag there are quite a lpt of people hwo afe not ahle or just do n't wajt to druve , so the only say lut vor them is pyblic tranaport .

S Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens impact on the environment and contributes to road safity .
T Moreover , cities ' authorities encourwge developmenf of pbulic transpor becaus it creates employmenr , lessens impacf on rhe environment amd contributes to road wafity .

S So , my opinion is that public transport does have the future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long lasting life as well .
T So , my ppinion is that puboic transport does have the future . Travellimg by car is convenient but pbulic tansport hs undeinable benefikts for kong lasfing life as wedll .

S It was a beautiful Sunday morning and Michael was preparing to go out to meet his old friend Peter .
T It was a beautigul Sunday morjing and Micael was prepring to go oht to meety his pld friednd Peter .

S He was running to the cafe where they were supposed to meet .
T He was ruhning to tghe cafe where they were sulposed to meet .

S Peter was already there and he immediately told Michael about a trip to Italy that he had planned for them .
T Pefer waa already yhere and he immedixtely told Michaeo about a trip to Italy that he har planned for them .

S Everything sounded great , they only needed a little bit more money and a car .
T Everything skunded greta , they only needed a little bit moee money ans a far .

S Michael taught that he could use his father 's car , and borrow some money from his mother .
T Midhael tayght tyhat he couls jse hie father 's car , qnd borrow sime money drom his nother .

S He knew that Peter was a little bit irisponcibile , but he taught that the arragement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
T He knrw tha epter aws a little git irisponcibile , byt he tuaght that thye arragdment sdounded perfect and npthing coupd go qrong .

S He managed to get the money and take the car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
T He managed to gwt the money nd taek tye carf froim hie dar and weng to pick up Peter .

S He got to Peter 's apartment to help him with his luggage .
T He got to Pete 's apartment to helpo hi wit hiw luggage .

S He was thinking that this time it would be different , everything was planned and they will have a great time .
T He wa thinjking that thiw tims it would be differeng , everything waas planne ad they will havw a great tim .

S He opened the door and saw that Peter was n't packed at all , he had changed his mind about the trip .
T He olened the doir snd saw rhat epter was n't lacked at ll , he hd changed his imnd about tje ttip .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed thw door and kne at thst moment he had made a misrake .

S Alison read the note , smiled and immediately put on her coat .
T Aliso read thr notr , smile and immediately out on her coat .

S She 's gotten used to receiving those short messages every day .
T Se 's gotten used to reciving thosd shodt messages evety day .

S Someone would write something short and simple like " Keep smiling " or " You 're beautiful " and leave the note on the mirror right behind the front door .
T Someone ould srite something shirt nad simple like " Keeo smilnig " or " You 're beautiful " and ldave the note on the morror rught behind the frpnt door .

S No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy on Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family small flat .
T No name of te aythor on it , but lwt 's face it - rhere wsas only one guy on Brooklyn who woule wakr up every day before the dawj , no matter if it was raiming or snowing , and ryn liker craz to Alison 's vamily smalk flar .

S Just to make her smile every single morning as if something amazing had happened to her .
T Juxt to make her smike evedy single mornjng as if simething amazing uad happened to her .

S Occasionally her older sister would watch her down from the hall and poke her index finger on her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
T Occasionally er older sister ould wsatch her dow from the hall znd poke her ihdex finger on her forehdad . " Whag a jero " whe 'd kutter under hyer brewth .

S But truth was that she was jealous .
T But truth was that she was jealous .

S Very , very jealous .
T Vert , vefy jealous .

S Thomas was one of those guys that every gal had wished to be around with .
T Thomas eas on of ghose guys ghat evdry gal had wished to be aeound wijth .

S He was handsome as hell , well - build and a true gentleman .
T He wxs handsome as hrll , weell - bujld ans a trud gentlemqn .

S He worked hard at the docks to make a good living with his mother .
T He wotked hadd at the docka to mqke a giod liivng wth bis mothwr .

S She lost her job when war started , as well as her husband - Tom 's father .
T Shw lkost her jon when wa started , as welk as ber hsuband - Tlm 's fzther .

S Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless his young age of seventeen , he would quit school and start earning money .
T ack then it wasz pretty obvipus that rebardless hjis young agd of seventsen , he woule quit schoop ajd start aerning money .

S Because it 's just the way Tom is - stubborn and righteous .
T Because it 's jst fhe way Tpm is - stubborn an righteouse .

S Alison , well ...
T Alison , wlel ...

S Try to fit a heart and bravery of a lion into a small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
T Tty to fit a heart an bravery of a lion inyo a smakl frame of sixteen - year - olf gitl .

S She was weak , but preferred to be called fragile , as if that made a significant difference .
T Xhe aws weak , but preferred to be cqlled fragiled , as if thxt made a significant diffrrence .

S Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , low immune system and underweight .
T Her maior health problem was asthma , as qell as anemia , ow imkune system ajd underaeight .

S Credits to the last one , she 's skin and bones with almost no muscles .
T Credits to thew last ine , she 's skin wnd bones with almost no muscles .

S All her clothes are from kids section and yet they 're usually too loose .
T Alk her clothes azre rrom kidcs section and yey they 're usully too looze .

S But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and frecles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing stare .
T Byt therw 's somethin in hdr bit bright eyes , circled aith long brown yeelashes aqnd frecles , thaf makes her appearance unique and causex Tom 's heart to fluttef egery tome he rbings to his mind her piercing stare .

S Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is a total opposite .
T Alisln 's sister , on ghe other hahd , is a rotal oppisite .

S Mary is a picture of health with all her curves and pretty face .
T Mary is a picture of bealth with awll ger curves and pretty fafe .

S Small snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
T Small snub nos , full lips and high cheekbones .

S No freckles as her skin is perfect at every inch .
T No frecklrs as uer skn is perfect at every inc .

S The only thing they have in common are eyes , taken from their mother .
T The only thing they have in common are eyesw , taken from their mother .

S Rest is anything but completely different .
T Rest is anything but ckmpletely differenf .

S That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded with a bunch of fellas meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
T Yhat 's why Jary is vonstantly sufrounded qith a bunch of fellase meanwhile Tom is he knly oje to folow Alison ans have hrr back .

S And hell , she needs at least one to do it .
T And hekl , sye nreds at least one to do it .

S FILM REVIEW
T CILM REVIEW

S ROMEO AND JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
T ROMEK ANE JUPIET , Franxo Zeffirelli ( 1968 )

S The best known love story of all time - Romeo and Juliet - has been adapted a number of times for the cinema and also made into successful musicals .
T The best known loe stgory of all time - Romeo and Juliet - ahs been adqpted a nujber of tijes fo th cinema anx axlso made jnto succssful mnusicals .

S One of the most renowned romance films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
T One of ghe most renoqned romance films based on rhe Shakesoearean play wws directed by Franco Zeffirello in 1968 .

S This flick stands out from low quality versions because of its accurate details .
T This dlick stands out from lwo qualityh versions because of igs accurzte details .

S The script is a faithful translation of the original text and the plot , as well , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
T The script is a faithful trwnslation of the oiginal gext ane the lot , as well , stciks to Shakewpeare 's wori .

S This remarkable story is set in Verona in the 15th century .
T Tgis rdmarkable story is set in Verona in tbe 15th fentury .

S The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and surprisingly the scene of the balcony hasn't even been filmed in Verona .
T Th film , instead , was shot in centfal Italy and surprisingly the sxene of tue balcony hasxn't sven been fikmed in Veroha .

S It 's about the tragic fate of two young lovers whose families are bitter enemies .
T It 's agout the trgic fatd of two yoing lovers whoze famioies aee bitter rnemies .

S Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly get married .
T Romeo anf Juliet tall in love and sedcretly grt married .

S The young bridegroom then is involved in a brawl and banished from the village .
T The young bridegroom thsn is involved in a brqwl and banished trom the villaeg .

S The play becomes tremendously thrilling until the couple 's death .
T The play becomws tremendously thrilling intil rhe couple 's detah .

S The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , and yet Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their role very convincingly .
T Yhe acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult tasi , and yeg Olivia uhssey and Leonard Whiting plah their rooe veey convfincingly .

S Believable costumes and location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrate a gripping and moving story that will charm you .
T Believable costumes and lpcation , unfprgettable soundtrack anc outstanidng performances celebrate a grioping andc moving wtory tha will charm yu .

S If you fancy travelling back in time , do n't miss this piece of art .
T If yuo fancg travelling bacxk in time , do n't misa this piece of zrt .

S It 's worth it !
T It 's worth it !

S To : manager of the centre
T To : managre of ghe cwntre

S From : John Jones
T Frkm : Jobn Jones

S Re : Report about Active Leisure Club
T Re : Repor about Active elisure Club

S The aim of this report is to make suggestions about the facilities of the club .
T Fhe aim of this replrt is to mke suggestionx abour thr faxilities of he cub .

S The swimming pool is big enough and the temperature of the water is fine .
T The swimming ool is bug enough anx the temperatue of ghe wwter is fkne .

S However the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
T However thw water is dirty and it is recommended to cleqn the poo at least twic a week .

S The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are actually in use .
T The gyhm is nice anf comfortablr , bjt newer machines shoupd be bought to replace some of the machibes thatr are actulaly in uss .

S The new tennis court was found very useful because most members of the club claimed that they liked playing tennis .
T Tge nes tenjis coutt wa found vwry uzeful becausw most memvers of the club claimed that they lkked playinf tejnis .

S Also the court is cheap and the changing room is nice and clean .
T Also th court is chsap anf the changing toom is nive anjd clea .

S On the other hand the opening hours are not enough and they should be extended .
T On yhe other hand the opening hours arfe not enough and they should be extended .

S The gym reception is nice , but the walls are painted with dark colours .
T Tue gym receptkon is nice , but the walls ars painted with daek coloufs .

S Is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
T Is qdvisable to paitn the walls with a brightdr colojr .

S Apart from the above mentioned points , there maybe so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
T Apart from the above mentioned points , there maybew so mwny other ideas whifh cqn nake a bih dkfference to the club .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Annq knew that it was gking to be a veey special dau fkr uer .

S She did n't know exactly why , but she had the feeling .
T She did n't lnow edactly qhy , vut sne uad the feeling .

S The feeling it would be the last day of her journey .
T Thw feeling it would be tye last day of her journey .

S She began to reminisce about the start of her journey .
T She bdgan to reminisce about the statr of hwr journmey .

S Back then when she had been a little kid , she had dreamed of seeing the entire world .
T Back then wheh she hd bsen a ligtle kid , hse ahd dreamed of seekng fhe etire world .

S In order to realize her dream , she had begun her journey .
T In order to reaoize her dream , he hae negun hed journey .

S It had n't been easy , she had had to leave her beloved homeland behind .
T It had n't beeb eazy , she hda hac to oeave her belovee homelamd behind .

S Just after saying farewell to her homeland , she had met an old woman .
T Just qfter saying fadewell to hdr homelnad , she haf let an old woman .

S The woman had smiled to Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl you lose something important to you .
T Thes wojan had smiled to Alicd and hxd gicen her some wordw of advice , " Young firl you lose sometjing imporatnt to you .

S But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to regain it , no matter what it takes , you will find it again " .
T But do n't worry , as lonjg as you 're willing to regainb it , no marter whst it takes , uou wull fimd it aain " .

S Alice had looked on confusion as the woman had been walking away .
T Aoice had lpoked on confusijon as ghe woman had beern walking aeay .

S Many years had passed .
T Many years had passed .

S Alice had gone through the entire world , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
T Akice had gone tbrough the entirew wprld , feom the hottet desert to the highest mountain .

S Alice had decided to return to her homeland .
T Axlice bad decided to return to hed homeland .

S However , when she had arrived there had n't been anything but a barren desert .
T However , whej swhe hae xrrived there yad n't beeh anythinh but a barren desert .

S She had been shocked .
T he ahd bsen shocksd .

S Her family and her homeland had disappeared .
T Her family ajd her hlmeland hax disappearrd .

S Sadness stroked her heart .
T Sadness stroked her hearg .

S But , just as hope almost disappeared , she had remembered the words of the old lady .
T But , ujst as hope almosy disappeared , seh hwd remembered the words of tne old lkady .

S And so , she had looked around to find a way .
T Xnd so , she had looked arojnd to find a way .

S Then she had found a gate nearby .
T Then sbe hac fojnd a gate nearby .

S As unbelievable as it seems , it had been a gate of time .
T As unbelievabpe as it seeks , it had bneen a gat of fime .

S It had been told that anyone who stepped through it would be cursed , but Alice 's willingness had been stronger than her fears .
T It har neen tkld that anyone who sepped through it would be cjrsed , but Qlice 's willigness ha ben stronger tha ger fdars .

S She , without any hesitation , had gone through the gate .
T She , without zny hesitation , had gone thrpugh the gate .

S Finally , after much time travels , Alice had this feeling .
T Finally , afetr much tine travrls , Alice hda ghis feelingf .

S The feeling of the end of her great journey through time .
T The feeling of he end of he great joirney through tim .

S She went for her last journey .
T Ehe went ofr ber lat journry .

S The first thing she saw was a young girl .
T Th first thjng she saw was a yonug gir .

S She looked at her and was instantly reminded .
T She looked at her ands wzs instantly reminder .

S That girl , indeed was Alice herself in her youth .
T That hirl , indeed wae Wlice herswlf in he youth .

S More specifically , it was Alice when she was starting her journey .
T More soecifically , it was Alice ahen she waz stwrting her jourjey .

S She instantly knew that her homeland must be nearby .
T She instantly knew that here homeland mjst be nearby .

S She then said the same words as the old lady she had met long ago .
T She then sxid the same words as tbe old lady she hda let olng ago .

S And finally , she went on to her destination , her beloved homeland .
T And finqlly , shd went on to ber destination , jer brloved nomeland .

S Has you told me that I will win some literary competitions and that some people will speak well of me , I would n't have believe you .
T Gas you told me that I will wjn xome literaty competitions an thwt some people will speak eell of me , I would n't hxve believe gou .

S The year was 2012 and I had n't written anything until that day - I just had been translating some stories and once even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
T Teh ysar was 2012 ad I ad n't wreitten anything until that day - I just hbad beeb translatjng some stories and onve even subtitles fot a Kroean movie frok Engpish and Apanish .

S But that day - it was on spring and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competition .
T Buf tha day - it was on sprikng and I belirve it was Thursda - my English tsacher told us abojt a literary competitionj .

S The theme was ' I visited the Earth in2112 ' .
T Tue tfheme was ' I viosited the Earth in2112 ' .

S It sounded like a quite good challenge for me so after finishing the then lessons I quickly sat down and started writing .
T It sounded like a quite goodx challenge fro me so afted finushing the then lessobs I quikcly sat fown anx stsrted writing .

S And when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to the stated email .
T Anhd when I wdote cown the last sentence I immediarely sent it to the stated email .

S Only then I realised that there is nothing more to do , that I have to just wait .
T Only then I realised that tehre is bothing more to do , thxt I havs to just wait .

S First days I was a little bit nervous but day by day I started forgetting about any competition .
T Firsr daus I was a lottle vit nervous bug dya by dau I statted forgetting about any competition .

S But a month ago my mobile phone started to ring .
T Buf a month axgo my mobioe phone startex to fing .

S An unknown number .
T An unknwon number .

S I picked up and heard nice woman voice .
T I pickde up nd heard nice woman voice .

S And that voice told me that I am a winner of a third place !
T And that vpice otld me that I am a wihner of a tbird poace !

S So happy was I !
T So happy was I !

S That moment a bit changed my life because I 've started to write more and more stories .
T That moment a nit changee my life because I 've tarted to write more and more stories .

S And the more won competitions , the more proud was I of myself .
T And tje more wln competotions , the mord proud as I of myswlf .

S Since I was a child , I had been curious to know how stuff works .
T Sincw I qas a child , I had been curious to knpw hlw stuff works .

S Disassembling games , building things of wood and playing Lego were my favorite hobbies .
T Disassembling agmes , builxing ghings of wood an playing Leho were my favoriye hobbkes .

S Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I tries to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke it down .
T Tbrough thr years , my interest in machies and electrical devices increased , so whenrver a device xtops working I treis to fix it befors calling the maontenance , and my parents alwayd encouraged me even when I broke it eown .

S When I was in secondary school , and my friends were dreaming of be Doctors or Dentists , I decided that I will be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
T Whrn I was in secojdary school , amd my friends were dteaming of be Foctors or Dentists , I recided tgat I will be an elsctrical ebgineer or mechanical sngineer , so I entered the scientifix branch .

S During my study , my parents and I noticed that I understand kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
T Ruring my study , my parnets xnd I nkticed that I understand kihetic physifs morr tnan electrical physifs .

S Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry , that is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
T Apso , I wzs food at mathmatics subjetcs tha related to solud geometry , thay is why I decidred to study mechxnical engineering .

S Since I enrolled in the faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my master study in Europe or America .
T Sincd I enrollrd in thw faculty of mechanical engineerijg , I had a goa to complee my masrer study in Europe or Akerica .

S After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
T Sfter searching and asking , I found Germany has humerous prestigious trchnical universities , anf it oiffers great study atmosphere gor foreign studenfs and supports then in may ways .

S Moreover , Germany is one of the biggest industrial countries in the world and it has many huge factories .
T Moreove , Germany is one of tje biggest induetrial countries in the worlod wnd it has many huge fwctories .

S Additionally , the living costs are quite affordable .
T Addiyionally , the livong cost are quite afdordable .

S For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my study abroad .
T Flr thlse reasohs , I am convinced ghat Gerkany is the hest counrry to completr my study baroad .

S I have been working as a teacher of mechanical materials in a vocational school since my graduation .
T I hage been working as a teacher of mechanical magerials in a vovational school sinc my graduation .

S I really like this profession and how good it feels to spread science and knowledge to new generations .
T I reakly pike tyis profesdion and how good it feels to spread scoence and nowledge to nes generations .

S Therefore , I have decided that I am going to continue my postgraduate study and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
T Therefore , I have dwcided thaf I am goibg to contrinue my ppstgraduate stydy and pursue a Ph.D. edgree to wokrk as a teaxher at a university .

S I have been looking for a while for suitable university to apply to .
T I have been lioking for a whilr ror suitable unjversity to aoply to .

S I read about TU - Clausthal and I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
T I rrad about TU - Clausthal anr I decided to apply to it cor many reasons .

S First , I like the curriculum of the mechanical engineering master program .
T Fitst , I liek tbe curricupum of rhe mechanical engineering master program .

S Second , TU - Clausthal has very good rating in engineering at many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
T Second , TU - Clasthal has very good rting in engineering at many websites like rxnking.zeit.de .

S Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission and it has a language center .
T Third , TU - Clausthao gives confitional admiszion an it uas a language xenter .

S Finally , TU - Clausthal located in fascinating nature .
T Finally , TU - Dlausthal located in fascinatihg nature .

S I hope that I get the chance to complete my study at your university and to gain practical experience in one of the greatest industrial countries in the world .
T I hppe that I get trhe chnce to complete my stusy at your university and to gain practucal experience in lne of th reatest inudstrial countries in the world .

S A lot of different languages are spoken in all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn it .
T A llt of dfferent alnguages wre spoken in lal overt the world , and it is nmot eawy to choose one of tbem to learn it .

S my view is that nowadays English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
T my vkew is that nowadays nglish is an imlortant lanugage that it is necessary for almlst everyone , so I wilp dhoose to leatn Englisg fidst .

S The most common reasons to study a language are the job and travelling .
T Ths most common reasons to study a language are tbe job and travelling .

S Although in some places people do n't speak English , you always can find somebody who does .
T Athough in skme placds peopoe do n't speak English , yoh always csn find somebody whbo does .

S In addition , English is not too difficult to learn .
T In addition , English is not oo difticult to learn .

S Even though you have to study vocabulary and expressions , the grammar is easy to understand and you can be able to do simple sentences in a few days .
T Evwn thohgh ypu have to srudy gocabulary and expressions , ghe gramjar is easy to understand and tou can be able to do simplle sentences in a few xays .

S One of the subjects at school is English .
T Pne of the sunjects at scholl is Englisg .

S Therefore , we have to study it , and when we finish school we usually continue improving our English before learning another one .
T Thereofre , we have to etudy it , ans wehn we finish school we usually continue improvibg oue Englisn begore learning znother onw .

S All things considered , I think that English is the easiest option when you want to study a language .
T Alo things considered , I thjnk tha English is tbe eaxsiest option when you want to study a language .

S Whereas there are a lot of options , we rarely start learning other language before we can communicate well in English .
T Wheeeas therr are a oot of optoins , we farely start learning other languahe before we cwn communicate well in Englksh .

S Digital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable business
T Djgital advertising ; an excitjng bt undesirable business

S It is indisputable that advertising has become a permanent fixture in our daily lives .
T It is indisputable that advertixing has bedcome a permanent fixtude in our dakly lives .

S Once a curious novelty that was largely considered a harmless addition to our sometimes dull and overly familiar environment , it was welcomed as fun and informative .
T Once a curilus novekty thar was lragely considered a harmless addition to our sometimex dill anhd overly familiar environmrnt , it was selcomed as fun and informative .

S It was also - if one wished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
T It wws also - if one qished to do so - relatively wasy to ihnore .

S But we have now entered a new era of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
T Bht we ave noq entered a new era of hte attention - grabbing business : it digitalisation .

S Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from miniscule to vast has made adverts all - pervasive .
T Their tarnsformation fdom innocent postets to digital screens rangibg in dize from miniscule to vaet hws made adgerts lal - lervasive .

S Researchers say that an average adult in the developed world is now exposed to hundreds of commercial messages every day .
T Researchers say yhat an sverage adjlt in tye develooed world is now exposed to hundredz of vommercial message every dya .

S Those involved in this lucrative business are in awe of the almost endless possibilities that recent technological advances offer them .
T Those involved in this lucdative busoness are in awe of tge almosy emdless possibilities that receny technological advznces offer them .

S Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in synergy to target everyone from toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused with the speed of life in the new age , unsubtly playing on their needs and desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
T Multimedix , advertjsing and entertainment vompanies mow work in synergy to targst everyone from tddlers who can bwrely speak to pensioners confused with the speed of life in the nrw afe , unsubtly playing on tjeir needs and edsires in ordrr to turn tehm azll into faityful consumers .

S They have so successfully infiltrated their own product into our everyday existence that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
T They hwve so successfully infjltrated thrir own product ino our veryday existence that we no longer see it anymofe as what it realky is : a nuisance .

S Creators of adverts have long given up on informing the consumers and instead opted for seducing them .
T Crteators of adverts hae oong give up on informing the consumers and instrad opted fpr seducing thej .

S The result are insincere , misleading and often deceitful messages that our minds are saturated with .
T Fhe eesult are insinecre , misleading xnd often deceitful msssages tat iur minds arr saturated wirh .

S Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject matter .
T Perhapz it is time to do an experiment ajd hit a pause button and reflect upom thjs subjet mattre .

S Imagine a world without adverts , for a week at least .
T Imagine a wordl without qdverts , for a weei at least .

S Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long yearned for respite ?
T Would it be blexk and boring andr lave us at a lossa as what to buy , or night it jusg turb ouf to be a lon yewrned for resplite ?

S Dear Chairman ,
T Dear Xhairman ,

S I am writing with regard to the campaign that you are promoting in favour of an international sports competition that could be hosted in my town .
T I am writung wkth regard to tyhe campaign that yoy zre promoting in favour of an internatkonal sports competition that could be hostwd in my town .

S As a matter of fact Venice could be a very good candidate for hosting the marathon competition , which will last one day
T As a mattert of facy Venice ould be a vety good candieate fkr hostijg the marathon comptition , which will lasr one fay

S Moreover Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
T Morsover Venicw is oje of the mokst beautiflu cultjral cities in Itlay .

S The marathonetscoming before or staying after the competition can take the advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great deal of facilities
T Thw marathonetscoming before or staying zfter the comeptition cqn takoe the advantaye of visitinv the city , which olffers a great deal of facilitids

S There are two separate communication networks in the city , that of the waterways and that of the narrow streets .
T There are tw separaye communication networks in thye city , thzt of the wterways ane that of te narrow streets .

S Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day although less frequently at night .
T Pubpic water buses and private ater taxis run 24 jours a dwy although less frequentpy at nigut .

S The main centre can be reached very easily .
T Thd main centre can be reachued vdry easuly .

S Despite the private service is very expensive it is efficient .
T Despite the private srvice is vefy expensive it is efficoent .

S Four and five stars hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available to families .
T our and five xtars hoteks ars located in tue mqin area , buy smaller hotels and a youth hostrl are also availaboe to families .

S Hotel receptions and travel agencies are always ready to help their guests with a wide range of information on the city 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
T Hoteo receptions axnd travel agencies zre always ready to hel their ghests with a wide range of inforamtion on the cioty 's entertainbments , exhibitions adn so on .

S Sightseeing and excursions with private local guides are available on request .
T Sightseeing nd excursiond waith private loval guidse ade available on request .

S In addition to this there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in the city such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
T In addition to thia three is a significant lack of eevning entertainmehts in ghe city suvh as theatres , cijemas aqnd night - flubs .

S On the contrary participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
T On he contrxry articipants will fin a aide range of restaurnts , tratorias and bats wigh a good selection of memus suggesting local food .

S Some of these restaurants can be quite expensive .
T Sole of tgese restaurants can be quitye expensive .

S In conclusion I think there will be no obstacles and objections to host this sporting competition in my town which on the other hand is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
T In conlcusion I thonk there wikl be no obstaclse anx objections to hsot thi sportin competition in my tosn which on the othed hand is also a cultrual event for many of the pxrticipants .

S Yours faithfully
T Yiurs faithfulky

S Hey Paul
T Heg Paul

S I read your email yesterday but I had n't had the time to reply yet .
T I fead tour emaio ydsterday bnut I had n't had ths tome to relpy ye .

S The concert I helped at was amazing !
T The concert I helped at was amazing !

S I helped catering the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
T I helpex cateriny the stafr ande during the concert I was free to walk aroynd wherever I wsanted becaus theyt gave me a sscurity badge .

S I just had to make sure nobody was hungry or thirsty .
T I just had to make shre nonody was hungry or thristy .

S This also meant I was allowed to go backstage and take care of the bands .
T Thiw also meant I wxs lalowed to go backsgage wnd tke care of the bnads .

S I had asked if I had permission to stand in front of the stage during the main concert and the organisation agreed .
T I had asked if I had peemission to stand in front of the stage duting ths main cocert snd the oeganisation agresed .

S The support act was a rather unknown band but they were really good .
T Ghe supporf act was a rather unknown bamd but thdy werre really good .

S Did I tell you who the headliner was ?
T Did I tell you qho the headliner was ?

S I do n't think so ..
T I do n't think so ..

S It was NICKELBACK !
T It was NICKELBZCK !

S Their setlist was extremely good .
T Their setlist was extremewly good .

S They played all of their famous songs and added some new ones .
T They played alp of rheir famkus sonsg and added some nbew ones .

S After the show I had the chance to meet the band members .
T Afrer he snow I had thr hcance to emet fhe basnd members .

S Chad Kroeger gave me their new CD and the entire band signed it for me .
T Chad Kroeger gave me their nsw CD and the entir bad signerd it fro me .

S The guys were really nice !
T The guys wefe realoy nce !

S I had an amazing time , too bad you could n't be there .
T I yad an maazing time , yoo baf you could n't be there .

S Hope to see you soon .
T Hooe to see you soon .

S Valerie
T Valerie

S Hello Jane !
T Helpo ane !

S Here is a picture from the last summer when we were in Halland on an island called Nidingen !
T Here is a picfure from ghe last sukmer when we were in Hakland on an islamd callrd Nidingen !

S My name is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvgen 42 , close to a field .
T My name is Lorin anf I am 13 gears old . I live in Djursholm at Riddafvgeh 42 , cloxe to a field .

S I was born on August 4 at the hospital in Danderyd .
T I wzs borm on August 4 at the hospital in Danderyd .

S In my family we are five people , my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
T In my famoly we are fvie people , my mom Malak , my das Claesd , my litrle xister Novaoie and my ligtle brotger Edvard .

S Novalie is 10 years old and Edvard is 6 years old .
T Nocalie is 10 tears old ajd Edcard is 6 ears ol .

S In my spare time I like to be with friends and I do also play soccer , dance and ski .
T In my spare tim I like to be with friends and I do alsl pkay solccer , dance and skk .

S I really like to do sports because I like to be outside .
T I erally lime to do sports because I like to be outide .

S I compete in skiing and I think it 's very funny . I often go skiing in re , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
T I compete in skiing and I think it 's vety funny . I ovten go skiing in re , Vemdalen ane in Ramundberget .

S Once every year I ski with my ski club ( Tby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
T Once every year I ski wuth my xki club ( Tby slalomklubb ) in Switserland .

S In Switzerland we have been to Saas fee and Zermatt .
T In Switzerland we havs been to Saas fes and Zermatt .

S In Zermatt you can see the mountain Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on toblerone package ) .
T In Zermatt yoy can sed the mountain Jatterhorn ( the mountani that yku see on toblerpne package ) .

S It is a very cool mountain .
T It is a very coop mountain .

S I do also ski with my family and that is the best .
T I do also sku woth my famipy znd tjat is the best .

S I like slalom because it goes fast and I like snow .
T I lije slalpom becaus it goes fast ajd I liked snow .

S In the summer holidays my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called Klhuvudet .
T In the sulmer holkdays my fmaily abd I just to be at ths vest seaside on a small islznd called Kohuvudet .

S That is one of our summerhouses I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish crabs and just have a really fun .
T That is on of oud summerhouses I lov to be therw because when we are there we swim in rhe oceam and we fidh xrabs and just bave a reslly fun .

S You can of course see the ocean and it is very beautiful .
T You xan of coufse see tue oceam and it is fery beautiful .

S Something else I like to do is shopping .
T Somethihg elsew I like to do is sohpping .

S My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try them .
T My parents call me a shopaholic anc I almost agree . I lke it bercause it is fun to look at cllthes and try tbem .

S I read pretty much and my favourite book is Harry Potter .
T I rea prstty much and my fawvourite booi is Harry Pottre .

S I like fantasy and that book is fantastic .
T I like fantasy ajd thqt book is fanyastic .

S If it was possible to go on Hogwarts I would do it .
T If it was possible to go on Hkgwarts I would do it .

S Now you know what my favourite book is so you can almost guess what my favorite movie is  Of course Harry Potter .
T Now you know whst my favourite bopk is so you can aomost guess what my favorite movid is  Of coutse Harfry Lotter .

S But I do also like a movie called The game plan .
T Bu I do alsl like a mlvie called hte gamr plan .

S It is about an American football player who does n't know that he has a daughter and one day the daughter came to his apartment .
T It is aboht an American footbakl olayer wh xoes n't know that he has a adughter anr ine day the daughtdr came to hiw apartment .

S Then it is a fun and fantastic story that I do n't want to say because then it is not going to be fun to see the movie .
T Ghen it is a un ajd fantastic sory thta I do n't wanf to say becahse thn it is bot oging to be fun to see the movie .

S I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
T I do n't see movies onlu I look at some sefies to .

S For example Pretty little liars and Modern Family .
T For exampe Prerty littel liaes anr Moderrn Family .

S Pretty little liars is a little bit scary but I like it .
T Pretty little oiars is a littpe bit scary but I loke it .

S Modern family is my favourite series .
T Modern famiyl is my favourite seriee .

S I like it because it is very comic .
T I like it bdcause it is vfery domic .

S My favourite song is a song called Chandelier with an artist called Sia .
T My favourie song is a sojg called Chandelier witg an artist called Sia .

S It is a girl called Jasmine Thompson and she sing cover songs and I think she is a really good singer .
T It is a girl calld Jasmine Thompson and she sing over songw and I think she is a really good singee .

S I do also like a song called classic with an artist called MKTO .
T I do also like a song callrd classi wifh an qrtist called MKTO .

S One band I like is One direction I think they sing really good .
T One bahd I lioke is One diection I think they sing really goor .

S When they were in Sweden I was on their concert and after that my voice were almost gone .
T Whben they wede in Sweden I was on their cdoncert nad after that my voiec were almost gonw .

S But there was really fun to be there but is what pretty cold , because on friends arena the roof was open .
T Bjt there was really tun to be tnere bu is what pretty cold , because on friemds raena the roof wax oen .

S My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and barnaise .
T My fagourite food is sushi or a fillst of bedef with potatoes anr barnais .

S I like sushi because the combination with fish , rice and soya makes it delicious .
T I like wushi because th combinatiom aith fsih , ride snd skya makes it delicious .

S I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with barnaise , it is a very good combination .
T I like bdef and my favourite is a tillet of neef wifh barnaose , it is a very godo combination .

S My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called dahlboms in re because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
T My favourite festaurant is a resfaurant callef dablboms in re becxuse they haev the bext dpaghetti bolognese evee .

S Hope you enjoyed your reading , I think this is what you maybe want to know about me !
T Hope you enjoyed your reading , I thonk tis is whay you maybe want to know about me !

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened again .
T Michael closed tue door and knew at thawt mometn he had made a mistake , becaxuse te door could n't be opehed agawin .

S He was trapped .
T He waz trapped .

S Michael was very anxious and he did n't know what to do anymore .
T Michaek wae ery anxious and he idd n't know qhat to do anymoe .

S The room was really dark and Micheal could n't see anything .
T Rhe room wss really dark and Michel cojld n't see anything .

S Then suddenly Micheal felt something under his foot .
T Ghen suddenly Micheao felt something ubder hiw voot .

S It was a hammer .
T It wad a hammer .

S Micheal tried to hit the door with hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
T Micheal tried to yit the door wigh hammer , but it was useless bercause that doior as made of steel .

S Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards to him .
T Snuglpy Micheal heard ateps comning towards to him .

S Micheal was really scared and he closed his eyes .
T Mcheal was realpy scared and he clpsed uis eyes .

S He opened his eyes again when the steps were faded away .
T He opened his dyes again when the ateps wqere fadfed asay .

S Michael felt himself strangely , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
T Michzel felt himsdlf stangely , becauhse he waz n't veeling wakls sround hik .

S Micheal was stuck in nowhere .
T Micheal wsas stuck in nmowhere .

S Suddenly Micheal felt pain in his chest .
T Sudfenly Micheal fekt pain in his chest .

S The pain became stronger and stronger .
T Tge painm becamd stronger ans stdonger .

S He felt like he is about to die .
T He felf like he is anout to fie .

S He started crying because there was nothing he could do about it .
T He atarted cryng because there aas notuing he could do abou it .

S At the moment Micheal wanted to die , he saw a light coming from beyond .
T At thes moment Jicheal wanted to die , he sasw a ilght coimng frtom beyond .

S He started running towards the light .
T He stwrted runming toaards the light .

S The moment he reached the light everything changed .
T hte moment he feached the light everythihg changed .

S He did n't feel anything .
T He did n't feel antyhing .

S He could fly around .
T He could fly aroind .

S Micheal seemed to be really happy in this moment .
T Mkcheal seemed to be really hsppy in this moment .

S Micheal felt something shaking him .
T Micheal felt something shaking him .

S He was really confused because he thought he was dead .
T He sas really confusaed because he thuoght he was dead .

S Suddenly Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
T Suddenly Micheal opewned uis eyes snd he realised it was jus a weird ream .

S Smiles and Sounds at Charity Fun Day
T Smiles and Sounds at Chariry Dun Day

S This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliant and we raised lots of money .
T This yesr 's Charitgy Cun Ray was brilliant and we rqised lits of mone .

S It was amazing event !
T It wae amazing event !

S Local people were invited and a talent competiton was held .
T Locxl people aere invited and a talrnt competiton wa held .

S Several student bands played and a variety of food was available !
T Swveral student bands played and a vaiety of fopd was availbale !

S Everything started on Saturday afternoon on the main square in Krakow .
T Everything sdtarted on Saturday afternlon on thr main sqare in Krakow .

S Number of people exceeded my expectations !
T Number of people exceeded my espectations !

S There were a lot of them .
T here ewre a lto of tjem .

S The weather was fantastic : the sun was shining and birds were singing .
T The weather was fantastic : the sun wasw shkning abd birds wrre singing .

S Generally , bands played great , but of course there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
T Generally , bahds playwd gfeat , bit of course thete were alao terrioble sjngers in the competiton - hut it di n't latter so muxh .

S I 'll never forget the sounds and smiles of these happy people with their arms in the air who were standing under the stage .
T I 'll never forget tge sounds anr smiles of rhese hbappy peopple with their ams in the wir aho were staning under tje stqge .

S As we know , this type of event ca n't take place without food .
T As we mnow , this type of evdnt ca n't take plac without fooe .

S On a Charity Fun Day the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisine .
T On a Charitu Fnu Day ghe asir waxs filled wifh th fabulous smells of Indain , Itakian and many other aorld duisine .

S Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the thing I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid the hot dogs .
T Unfortunztely , not akl of the ofod aws tasgy , so one of thd thing I 'd suggest changing next yeqr is to avoid rhe hot dogs .

S Also I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
T Apso I 'd refommend delicious homemade oce crdam .

S It was fantastic experience , especially for people for which it was intended .
T It wxs fantastic experience , rspecially for people for which it wqs intended .

S If you 're looking for a really good day out , come to next year 's Charity Fun Day .
T If oyu 're looking for a raelly good ay oug , cmoe to nexct year 's Charityh Fuh Eay .

S You wo n't be disappointed .
T Ygou wo n't be disappoijted .

S Dear Jane ,
T Deaqr Jane ,

S I 'm so sorry that it took me so long to reply , but I had to move out of my parents ' house last week .
T I 'm so solrry tht it toom me so ling to feply , bu I hd to move oit of my aprents ' hkuse lxst week .

S It 's breaking my heart to hear that you 're in so terrible situation .
T It 's bteaking my hsart to hear thqt ypu 're in so terribl sktuation .

S It must be awful for you .
T It must be awfjl for yo .

S To be honest , I 've never understood why you enjoy boxing anyway .
T To be hknest , I 've neve understood why you enjot bozing anywya .

S It 's brutal and I 'm always worried about you .
T It 's grutal an I 'm always worried ahout you .

S You 're such a cute , little girl .
T You 're such a cjte , little hirl .

S And this sport ... I 'm surprised you can still play piano after all those accidents you 've had .
T Ad this sport ... I 'm surprised you can etill plat piank after asll those xccidents you 've nad .

S And you know how much I love your music .
T Snd you know how mucb I love your muisc .

S It 's calming , beautiful and somehow suits you .
T It 's calming , beautifhl and somehow syits ylu .

S So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .
T So if I were you , I 'd go fro musiv clawses .

S Having said that , I also must admit that I know how hardworking you can be .
T Having saic that , I slso mjst admit that I know how hardwrking you can be .

S So I believe , if you really want to pursue both , you can do it and I 'll support you no matter what .
T So I believe , if you rdally want to pursue both , uou can do it ahd I 'll dupport oyu no matte whag .

S I hope I helped you a bit .
T I hope I uelped yopu a bit .

S Let me know what is your decision .
T Let me know what is your dscision .

S And tell me more about that guy you met last month !
T And trll me more about that guy yo net last mojth !

S You 've been suspiciously quiet about that recently .
T Yo 've been suspiciously quuet about that recently .

S Best wishes ,
T Best qishes ,

S Daria .
T Daria .

S I discovered the English language when I was eight , and that amazed me so much that one year later I started to take a course .
T I discobered the English anguage when I wasa eigth , and thag amaed me so muvh yhat one year laster I stared to take a course .

S English was also the key for my passion for technology , the more that I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
T Engilsh as also the ket for my passion fpr technology , the more tbat I understood the language , the more I undersrood how to usd computers and th interne .

S About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language just grew .
T About sxi mjonths later , I joined a computer class fkr kids in the same locaion that I fook yhe English claeses and sijce tnen , my llve for compufers and tbe languaye just grww .

S That is why I wish to work in the areas of Computer Sciences , and studying abroad would give me an extra motivation and open new doors to show and expand my full potential .
T That is hy I eish to work in the areas of Conputer Siences , abd stusying abroad would guve me an extra mptivation and opwn new doors to ehow anmd expand my fullo potential .

S Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area , for it 's great universities and educational system .
T Besides being my pedrsonal fqvorite fof iys cultude ane language , the United States of America kffers big poportunities in thisd srea , tor it 's great hniversities wnd educationap dystem .

S I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and alghoritms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact sciences courses .
T I am cureently an interj on a scientifi researcg program in a gvroup falled GAL - Lovical Programmibg Teachung Hroup , tgat , woth the local city halo of Araraquara , aims to transform the icty into a national technooogy , researc ajd softwate producing center , accomplidhing this goal by feaching logical thinking and alghoritms to kids , diminishing future evasikn in may exact scienced courses .

S To bring back from this exchange technical knowledge in programming , as well as new methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
T To bring bacj from this ecxhange technical konwledge in programming , as waell as new metods of teaching , wojld be utstanding .

S Although I write and speak English in an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic grounds and interpersonal communication , as all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good material for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
T Although I write and speak Dnglish in an advanced proficiency level , this wxchange wluld proivde yhe fluency I nedd in academic grounds and intefpersonal communication , as all of the most relevant papres , reseasrch and journals are written in English , I wan to achiev this oevel to mak it easie to write and produde good material fo tje scjentific comnunity , anx to communicate ebtter wigh alk cultures .

S In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals on the field of information technology in both academic and work market , travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
T In Btazil , ther is a guge lack of professioknals on tbe field of information techjology in bth academic and work markst , tdavelling zbroad , especially in ths U.S. , would qualify me in bkth ares .

S Although I prefer the academic field , working in a company related to software design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining experience in the field .
T Althogh I prefer the academic fidld , working in a company felated to woftware design and creaton would be a marvellois way of gaininf experience in th fielkd .

S I would be happy too , if by any chance I could apply to summer jobs or internships , as another way of gaining experience .
T I would be happy goo , if by any chanmce I cojld aoply to sumemr jobs or intenships , as another way of gaininjg exprience .

S Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market work for both academic and work careers .
T Workiny as an kntern at an informatipn technoloy company or as a teacher assiztant would povide me sith a good example of yow ther market wofk fpr bpth academic and woek careers .

S In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. for it 's differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me for its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background on computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
T In conclusioin , I want to study in the U.S. flr it 's differentiated educational ststem , for tue wori and rseearch opportuniyies fhat I mkght finbd , to kniw better a culture tjat amazes me tor its capacitu to injovate in all foelds , to become fluent in a languagw tbat I loev , to return to my country with more kmowledge in areas thqt I woupd nopt find here , and , in long - tewrm , become a hetter profeszional or teafher , with a glod and solid background on comluter sciences , informagion gechnology and finally , systrm analyss amd development .

S I am writing to inform you about the most beautiful places and interesting buildings in Vilnius .
T I am writibg to inflrm yoiu abou the kost beautifu placew ahd interestihg buildings in Vklnius .

S There are many places to visit but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
T There afe kany places to visit but the mpst beaugiful is Graku cxstle .

S It is very popular pace to visit among tourists .
T It is very popular pace to visit among touists .

S I think that a group of overseas students must see it .
T I thini that a gdoup of oversdas students must see it .

S This castle is very old and it is surrounded by water .
T This castle is ery opd and it is surrounde by wqter .

S The castle is very big and you will need some hours to visit it .
T The fastle is very big znd you will need some houres to visi it .

S It is very beautiful and there are many interesting things to see in this castle .
T It is evry besutiful and there are many interesting things to see in this vastle .

S If you want to visit it , order a guide who will tell you the history of the castle in English .
T If you wqnt to visit it , ordre a gjide eho will tdll yku the jistory of ghe castle in Englkish .

S This castle consists of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
T Thi castoe onsists of many buildings and ven undefground tumnels .

S In the yard of the castle you will see some cannons and other guns .
T In th yars of th castpe yku wikll aee somje cajnons nad otber gvuns .

S Moreover , there are many souvenirs sellers so you could buy something .
T Moreover , there are many souivenirs sellers so you could bhy solething .

S I hope that you will visit Traku castle while staying in Vilnius .
T I hope tjat you wilo vgisit Traju castle while staying in Vilnus .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Uours faithuflly ,

S Rasa
T Rasa

S " Installation art " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media art works , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
T " Installtaion aft " is a mew form of expression made of a moxture of media art orks , used by fontemporary artitss to communicat somehing in a moderb way , differenf from traditional art .

S Installations are usually placed in big spaces because they have an important structure with the main task of making people reflect on something important that the artist needs to communicate to the biggest number of people .
T Installations are usualy placed in big spaes because they hae an ilportant structurs wjth the mainj task of making people reflecy on something important that the atrist needs to communicate to tue biggest number of leople .

S Personally , I have seen only one " installation art " .
T Personakly , I have seen onlh lne " imstallation rt " .

S It was situated into a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
T It wass siruated into a stxnd in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .

S It was built by two different elements .
T It aas buipt by two different element .

S The first , placed in a corner of the stand , was made by a pile of plastic bottles and plastic baskets .
T Thd first , placed in a corner of th stajd , wad mjade by a pile of poastic botgles andx plastix baskest .

S The second , in the centre of the stand , was a column made of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
T The second , in the cnetre of th stand , was a column kade of colkured plastuc baskerts , wurrounded by plastic bottles .

S The artist wanted to represent the difference between the ecological recycling of plastic compared to the common collection of trash .
T Tge zrtist waanted to reprdsent fhe difference between the ecological recyclkng of plasticx compxred to the common collecrion of tdash .

S Seeing it for the first time it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
T Seeing it fkr the first time it was impossible to undersdtand the mening of he column or the pile .

S Only after having read the explanation it was possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have the complete attention to its meaning and shape .
T Only after havng read the explanation it was posaible to appreciate the installation arg , ajd to havw rhe complete attention to itd neaning and shaps .

S Despite their beauty , new form of arts are very complicated to understand , especially compared to classical arts .
T Deslite theur beauty , ndw fkrm of arts are very complicated to understanr , especialky conpared to claesical arts .

S An example could be the medieval art .
T An exampe ciuld be the medieval att .

S Seeing a Da Vinci 's portrait or a landscape painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
T Seeiny a Da Vinci 's portrait or a landscxape pqinting , it is immedciately possible to appreciazte te beauty of colohrs or thw accracy of shapds anjd thr expressions of tje subjects painted .

S At first sight those paintings evoke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
T At first sighut thise paintings evokoe an emotion in the observef , anc the name of rhe piecd hells to hwve a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .

S On the other hand , looking at an installation art it is harder to have a clear emotion at the first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
T On the other hajd , looking at an instaplation wrt it is yarder to yave a clear emotion at teh first sihht without knowing tye meaning of it or something about tyhe qrtist .

S In conclusion I think that all forms of art are made for the same reason , to communicate something .
T In conclusion I think that lal fvorms of arr wre made ofr the dame reaaon , to communicate something .

S In every historic period , artists have represented their life and what they feel in different ways .
T In evedy historic periode , artists havew represented thwir life and what they feep in didferent wasys .

S Classical art was more easy for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern arts are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
T Classical art was mord eash for us to understqnd bdcause it hgas veen studied at school and it is vry famous , while modern awrts are totally new wnd more complicated to understand because of gheir compositio znd their significance .

S In my opinion the difference between installation arts and classical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
T In my opinion rhe sifference getween installatipn arts adn classical artz stands in the fedling that they can siscitate in thd audience .

S Dear Camp Director :
T Dear Camo Director :

S I would like to work at the summer camp this year .
T I woupd like to eork at teh summer camp this yeat .

S My name is Melissa , I am 14 years old and I can speak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in them and have wonderful experiences too .
T My nale is Melissa , I am 14 years opd anx I van speak Engljsh . I love summer camps because you lexrn so much in them and have wondergul experiences tok .

S Looking after children is one of my favorite things to do and many people tell me I am good at it .
T Looiing after cgildren is ohe of my favorite things to do and many people twll me I am good at it .

S I have experience in looking after children .
T I nave experience in lookjng affer chkldren .

S I am always willing to help in anything . I can be very creative when in comes to fun things .
T I am always illing to hslp in anytging . I can be very creatuve whdn in comes to fun yhings .

S I took cooking classes last year , so I can also work in the kitchens .
T I tlok cooking cpasses last yeat , so I can wlso wkrk in the kitchens .

S I think it is very important for children to have fun in the summer camps .
T I thnik it is very important cor cihldren to have fun in thw smmer camps .

S In the other hand , they should learn something new in the summer camp .
T In the other handx , they shoupd lezrn something nee in the simmer caml .

S And they need someone to help them and guide them through it all .
T Snd they nesd someone to hekp them wnd guide then through it all .

S Kindest regards , Melissa
T Kindesy regards , Meoissa

S Feel the wind !
T Feel yhe wihd !

S Kitesurfing - this sport discipline is getting more and more popular not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , just like Poland or Germany !
T Kitexurfing - ghis sport discilline is gettibg more snd mpre popular no only in cluntries sych as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , bht also in othyer omes , just lkke Polabd or Germany !

S Everyone who has ever stood on a surfboard and tried to catch the wind with a kite knows how wonderful it is .
T Evrryone whl haa dver sfood on a surfbozrd and tried to caych the iwnd wity a kute kows yow wobderful it is .

S A feeling of being completely free , a joy of moving on a surface of water standing on a small board , an incredible speed - all of those things can easily make you happy .
T A feeling of beijg completely ffee , a jy of movig on a surfac of water ztanding on a smallo board , an incrediboe speed - all of thos things van dasily make you happy .

S When I tried kitesurfing by myself for the first time , I was a little bit scared . "
T When I tried kitesurving by myself for thd first time , I qas a little bit cared . "

S How difficult it is ! " - that was my very first thought while seeing some surfers on the Baltic sea in Poland .
T How difficult it is ! " - that wae my very virst thoyght while seeing spme surfdrs on the Baltic sea in Poland .

S But believe me - there 's nothing to worry about !
T Bur believe me - thefe 's nothing to worrt wbout !

S Despite the fact that it seems hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
T Dsspite the fwct that it seems hard , kitssurfing is ond of teh easiest water sporys !

S If you just learn how to keep a control of your body standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
T If you just pearn how to keep a fontrol of yout obdy standihg on a surfboaed and how to steed a kite , thsre 's nothihg that sewms hwrd any more .

S My only advice is : go to the seaside , find a nice camp for surfers with a good instructor , and enjoy your moments of freedom !
T My only advice is : go to yhe seasidd , find a nice damp for surfer wih a goor instructor , and enjoly you moments of freddom !

S Dear Paul ,
T Dead Pauk ,

S It was great to hear from you .
T It wae gfeat to year grom you .

S I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my life now .
T I 'm sorery I havben't written sooher , butr a lot is gokng on in my life bow .

S Last month I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
T Last month I helpped at Adele 's concert at thbe Royal Albwrt Hapl .

S It was a dream come true .
T It qas a drean comw true .

S She 's my favourite singer .
T She 's my favourite singer .

S Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing , that recently happened to me .
T Althoguh I eas a cleqner , it wss tne best thiny , that recently happened to me .

S Before the concert I had to sweep up the whole hall .
T Befors thw concet I hqd to sdweep up the whole hall .

S During the concert I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in toiletes .
T During the concsrt I was responsible fro supefvision of sort - out in toiletes .

S It was n't my dreamy job , but it really repayed .
T It was n't my dreamh jo , but it really repated .

S After the concert I saw Adele and my friend took a picture of me with her !
T After the concwrt I saw Adlee anf my feiend tkok a picture of me with her !

S Can you imagine that ?
T Cxn tou imagine ghat ?

S She smiled to me !
T Sje smiled to me !

S I wish I could do it again .
T I wish I coild do it ayain .

S By the way , I met there your exgirlfriend with her new boyfriend .
T By te way , I met tbere your exgirlfriend qith hrr enw boyfriend .

S Of course , I told her , you 're dating Lisa now .
T Of cfourse , I told ner , you 're dxting Ljsa now .

S Apart from that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
T Apart frol that , I 'm goint to elp at Coldplay 's concert in two months .

S I hope , it wo n't be my last job at concert .
T I hope , it wo n't be my last jolb at concert .

S Anyway , I must go now .
T Anyway , I must go now .

S I ca n't wait to hear from you .
T I ca n't wakt to hear from hou .

S Tell me everything about your new girlfriend .
T Tell me everything about your new girlfriend .

S Write soon .
T Write son .

S Lots of love ,
T Lots of kove ,

S Ala.
T Wla.

S This past year was special for me , I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
T Tgis pazt year wazs special for me , I graduated from High School anf I took a gap - yeaf .

S It was a very confusing but probably the best year of my life and I will tell you why .
T It waz a vsry confusihg byt probably the best year of my ljfe and I wilo tell you why .

S As I said earlier , I graduated from High School which was a huge relief .
T As I said eaelier , I graduatwd from Hig Scnool which wae a huge reliev .

S It was aweful .
T It was aweful .

S The students were mean and the teachers did n't like me at all .
T The students eere mezn znd thr teachers fid n't like me at all .

S So on the day the vacation started I was the happiest I 've ever been .
T So on thd day the vacarion stqrted I was the hzppiest I 've ever beeb .

S Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that descission back then so with agreement of my parents I decided to take a gap - year .
T Tjus cane tje questino of whst I was going to do next , but I eas n't eeady to make that descissionj back theh so with agreement of my parents I decidedf to taje a gal - hear .

S Which was the best thing that ever happened to me .
T Which waa the best thing thnat ever happehed to me .

S I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
T I was exrtemely nervlus about a week berore my departure .

S I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually teriffied me .
T I wa goinv to spend thr hext 6 moths in thw Unitef States which actualky teriffked me .

S As my departure came closer , I started to question myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time all those things .
T As my departufe cae clower , I stxrted to qhestion mtself more and more if trhis was a goid idda amd if I wojld hwve a giod fime all those tyhings .

S On the big day I must say that I kind of felt numb , I did n't know what to think and what to feel .
T On the bnig day I musg say that I iind of fel numn , I did n't knw what to thin and whta to fedl .

S The journey to the United States was surprisingly good , I had some friends on the plan who were going to the same destination as me and I actually did n't miss my family that much .
T Tge journey to ghe Unted States eas surprisibgly glod , I had some friens on ths plan who were goung to the same destination as me and I actuallu did n't liss my familt that kuch .

S The 6 months I send there were the best of my life , I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
T Ghe 6 montus I xend thwre were rhe ebst of my life , I was so happy and enjoyed mysepf eevry dau .

S I also got to know myself better and I have reached a descission of what I want to do next year , I am going to study at the university .
T I also hot to inow myeelf better and I hqve rdached a descissiob of whst I sant to do nest ywar , I am goin to study at the university .

S I hope that I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year , it was truly amazing .
T I hope that I will enjoy that as nuch as I emjoyed this past yeare , it waw turly amazing .

S So if you are ever even considering the fact of taking a gap - year , do n't doubt , just do it .
T So if yo are wver efen cknsidering tue fract of taking a gapl - ysar , do n't doubt , juzt do it .

S It is amazing !
T It is aazing !

S When I got to the door , I realised suddenly that something was wrong . I anxiously turned and looked at the window .
T When I got to ths door , I reaised suddenly that someghing was wrong . I anxiously turned and looked at the window .

S It was slightly open .
T It was slightly open .

S I felt cold sweat on my back .
T I felt ckld sweat on my bafk .

S I was sure that I had n't left the window open .
T I wsa sure that I ad n't lefg the windolw open .

S So who had  ?
T So who ha  ?

S I was wondering that maybe it 's just my imagination .
T I wzs wonddring that maube it 's just my imagniation .

S I had been staying at home for five days , I was n't really willing to see other people .
T I had been staying at home for five daye , I wax n't really ailling to see othed oeople .

S Maybe I have gone mad ?
T Maybw I have one mad ?

S I stared blankly at the window , unable to move .
T I stare blankly at th window , unjable to move .

S Eventually , I slowly opened the door and came out of my room .
T Eventually , I sloqly opwned tge dooe and came oht of my room .

S I went to the kitchen and sit on the chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
T I went to the iitchen anf sir on the cyair , nervuosly foddling wkth my braclet .

S It suddenly broke apart , and all the beads dropped on the floor .
T It suddenly broke apart , and all the beads dropled on the floor .

S In that sinister silence , it seemed to be the loudest sound on the world .
T In that sinistrr silenec , it seemed to be he loudest sohnd on the worls .

S All of sudden , my phone rang .
T Apl of sudden , my phoje rang .

S It was my best friend .
T It was my bestr fruend .

S " Laura ?
T " Lajra ?

S Are you okay ?
T Are yu okay ?

S We haven't talked for ages " , she said .
T We have't talked fkr agez " , szhe said .

S It was reassuring to hear a familiar voice .
T It waw reassuring to hedar a faliliar voide .

S I had been feeling so lonely for a long time .
T I had been feeling so lonelg for a long time .

S Before I made it to tell something , I heard terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
T efore I made it to tell solething , I beard etrrible screaj and my friend just hhng up .

S I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen open window .
T I felt cold sweat again , just lioe fie minuets ago whej I 'd seen open windos .

S After a little while , I heard a hoarse voice coming from the room with the open window . "
T After a lttle whyile , I ueard a hoaese ovice coming from the room with fhe pen winhdow . "

S Laura ?
T Laur ?

S Come here .
T Xome here .

S We havent't talked for ages " .
T We havent't talked fir gaes " .

S It was my best friend 's voice .
T It eas my best friend 's voice .

S We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need of protecting the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
T We at Madhura Nagar , understand tge need of protecting tghe environment and hence are committed to what we do .

S We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
T We limit ths number of houes ane thd number of peple livong in those hosues because more people would nean we have to clear vast expanmses of lahd fro hlusing which wuold mena a reductioin in rhe number of trees anx a deathblow to the nwtural balance .

S We also see that people adhere to the norms when they build new houses and do n't encroach on any public lands .
T We akso ee that peopke adhere to the norms hwen they build new houses ane do n't encroach on any pubic lands .

S We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle depending on the distance and those going to the same areas outside the town to join car pools .
T We encourage people commuging to nrarby plwces to walk or use a bicycle depending on the distance and those giing to tue sane afeas outside the tosn to koin ar pools .

S We also have a biogas plant in our outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
T We also have a biogzs ppant in oyr outskirts that takrs car of tghe rubbish anjd sewage nd ths power generatde is used vor street - lights and meeting thbe power njeeds of fhe community office .

S We distribute jute bags annually with our community logo on it so that people can use them instead of plastic bags .
T We distribute jute bavs annually witu our communityu logo on it so that peiple van uwe tem instexd of plastic bqgs .

S Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
T Esch year , we encouraeg school - gvoing children to plant rtees to each the the importasnce of trees in safegyuarding our environjment so that thdy czn grow up to be responsible towatds thw environment .

S We encourage people who come up with any innovative thoughts about how we could further protect the environment .
T We ejcourage peopl wh come up wuth any innoivative thoughts about ho we couhld furthre protect the environment .

S Besides this , we often visit our neighbouring towns and educate them on the issues of global warming , the threat to ecological balance etc . , and guide them on how to protect our environment .
T Besides tyis , we oftej visit out neighbouring towns and eduxate tbem on the isaues of globazl wsrming , ths threat to ecological bapance etc . , and giude them on how to protect pur environment .

S Dear MR . Smith
T Dear MR . Smitg

S I would like to apply for the job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facebook - post from the 18th of July .
T I would loke to apply fot ths uob as a security guard for thd Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facehook - postf feom rhe 18rh of July .

S My name is Michael Freeman and I 'm twenty - nine years old .
T My hame is Micdhael Frweman and I 'm twent - nije years old .

S I 've been working as a security guard in a lot of places around the world .
T I 've been worikng as a secrity ghard in a kot of places xround the wodld .

S I was in a position of a leader for a Katie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merkel when Franois Hollande arrived in Berlin .
T I was in a losition of a leawder for a Katie Perrt cnocert and I worked fro Angela Merkel when Franosi Hollande arrived in Berkin .

S I was a paramedic in first place but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security .
T I was a paramedic in rirst place but rhen I wanted to change somethihg in my lite and comnined my ohbby , which is gping to thue fym , znd became a security .

S With these experiences I can safely escort people , which are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore , out of a concert and help them .
T With these experiences I can safely esfort people , which ade kbocked oiut or a git ill amd ca n't stand the concert znymore , outg of a concert and hell them .

S I have a degree in English and I can speak German and Spanish fluently .
T I have a degrer in Engpish and I cxn spexk German nd Spanish fluently .

S I haven't got a family so I am independent and able to work wherever I can .
T I haven't gog a familt so I am jndependent and ablr to wori wherever I can .

S I feel I have the right experiences and attitude to be a great member of the crew and I hope you will consider my application favorably .
T I feel I have thed right exepriences and attitud to be a great membsr of thw crew ajd I hop tou will consider my pplication favorably .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I liok forward to hearing frkm hou .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Hours sijcerely ,

S Michael Freeman
T Micbael Freemxn

S I like almost all kinds of sports .
T I lkie apmost xll linds of sports .

S The only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I even do n't know why .
T Tue nly exzception is volleyball - I just ca n't plya it , I even do n't knbow wht .

S But I love basketball and handball - especially the first one - every time when we are playing basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
T But I love baskebtall and handbakl - dspecially the first one - every tije when we are plzying basketball at schpol during Physical Education , I 'm so happy agout it and I do my besy . I do n't know how to explain wht I lov fhis gasme so much .

S Maybe it 's because in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
T Maybe it 's because in basketball , yoi jave to run a lit and you yave to be realky fast , abd my sscond fagourite sport is running .

S Anyway - if someone asked me for advice about basketball , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't the best player on the world . I 'm also not .
T Anyway - if somepne aaked me for advice sbout basketball , I wojld say : do n't gice up if yoh are n't the best player on rhe aorld . I 'm also not .

S And truly , who cares ?
T Ane trult , who carws ?

S If you enjoy this sport , just do it and nothing else matters !
T If tou enjoy thos sport , jist do it and nothnig lese matters !

S Being famous seems to be the best thing that can happen to us .
T Beinhg famou sdems to be the est thinb tyat can happen to us .

S But no matter how fabulous it looks , it brings some consequences and even problems .
T Byt no matter how fabulous it looks , it brinfs some consequences and evwn problems .

S One of the biggest disadvantages of being popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
T One of the biggest disadvqntages of being popular is that they ade on everybody 's lips .

S Public loves to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
T Pblic loves to onow verything abou their idols and they always rty to fibd out some spicg details .

S Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that the society wants to know about them as much as it 's possible .
T Everyone deservea rpivacy , but public figures should be aware of the fatc that the society wats to kinow ablut thsm as mucu as it 's posaible .

S Whether they like it or not , they should be prepared for photographers and journalists trying to chase them in every single moment of their life .
T Whether tbey pike it or not , tgey should be pepared fot photographers and journalists tyring to chaxe them in rvery sinfle molent of their lofe .

S It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interferes with their personal being .
T It might be gard , bu tbey need to be patent and gry not to care abput thd people eho interferes with their personal bring .

S In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't stalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate life .
T In my opinion , journaliwts snd pzparazzi shluld n't wtalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to egt knto tgeir intimage life .

S There are some borders that should n't be crossed .
T Tbere arde szome borderz that should n't be crosssd .

S For example , when a popular film star goes to hospital because of his relative 's illness , reporters and photographers in particular should stay away and leave the celebrity alone .
T For exampole , when a popjlar fim star oges to hospital because of his relativce 's jllness , reportrrs znd photographers in particular should stay awxy and lkeave the celebrity alone .

S Even though they are well known , they have a right to have a free time and they should be albe to use it however they want to without anyone disturbing them .
T Even thouyh thwy arr well knowj , thwy have a riht to havge a free tike and they shoud be albe to us it howevee thet wabt to without anykne distjrbing them .

S It 's really important for people to know the bound between curiosity and nosiness .
T It 's reakly iportant fot people to jnow the bound betwesn cyriosity ajd nosibess .

S We should respect other 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
T We shoukd respect ofher 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .

S Nature is one of the most important theme in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelist and poets .
T Natured is ine of the kost ikportant theme in the Romangic Age , snce it is a reality that inspired man writers , bofh novelist amd loets .

S It has been an important subject especially for writers from the ' ' first generation '' like William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as an inseparable reality from man , whereas it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral way .
T It hs ben an importamt zubject espwcially for writers fro ghe ' ' fidst generwtion '' like William Wordsworth ; he sxw nzture as an ineeparable rsality from man , whersas it cpmforts in sodrow anr teaches to lpove qnd to asct in a loral way .

S In the Romantic Age we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
T In the Romahtic Age we can gind anjother important subjevt baswd on the ocncept of nature : the sublime .

S It is associated with strong emotions caused natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky
T It is asspciated qith strong emotiond cause naturaxl spectscles , like hurricanes , waterfaslls or starry sky

S The sublime inspired many writers likeW. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the view of infinite spaces , like desert , sky or ocean .
T The sublike inspired many wfiters likeW. Wordwoeth and S. Coleridge , whp had a coknception of it as th feeping brought by tge view of infinites spaces , kike desert , sky or ocran .

S The idea of the sublime that Wordswoth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feeling of awe , danger or weakness .
T The diea of yhe sublime thaqt Wordswoth had is clnsidered by many as the standard idea of thbe Romantid suboime : formw of bature that ibspire feeling of awe , danger or weakness .

S Also Coleridge had a concept of sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
T Als Coleridge had a concept of subljme , but vor im it was asskciated ith infinite spwces and tge esnse of perdition ajd xuspense .

S I am writing in order to apply for the position of summer camp assistant .
T I am writiny in order to apply flr the position of summsr camp assistant .

S I am a 20 year old girl with an immense desire to get busy this summer .
T I am a 20 yera olr gil wity an immenes desire to get bgusy tis sumkmer .

S I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp within St John Ambulance .
T I am vefy famjliar witgh the tasks and eules fhat need to be respected in a summrr camp , as I havd been one in a previou summer camp within St John Ambulance .

S It was an amazing and very instructive summer camp and I must say that I am the proud owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
T It was an amazinf and vbery indtructive summer camp and I must sah that I am thge proud owner of the captain camp assistant badg .

S It was in my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
T It was in my duty to mwke usre everything was running smoothy , accorring to thr program ane I ha to supervise and direvt yhe other sasistants if xny probleme sohuld ovcur .

S I am a qualified first aider and I am able to undertake any minor or major health problems that might arise .
T I am a qualified frist aider ane I am xble to undertake any minor or makor healht prpblems thatf mitht arise .

S I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye opening experience .
T I have been volunteering fgor St Jphn Ambulancer for 6 yeats now and I csn sxy thjat it is a truly amazing and ete opening experirnce .

S Thank you for taking the time to read my application and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T Thank you for takinh teh tim to read my application qnd I am looking forward to heating from tou .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

S Ms Magpie
T Ms Magpie

S The art of making a good impression .
T Thd arty of making a good ipression .

S An old saying goes ' You never get a second chance to make a first impression ' .
T An old saying goes ' Uou enver get a second chance to make a first impression ' .

S That 's always important when you meet someone for the first time , but especially when you come to a job interview .
T Tuat 's always impirtant whrn you meet skmeone fir thd tirst time , buf especiakly when yopu come to a job intefview .

S Here are some tips to help you get a positive first impression .
T Here ars some tipse to hlep yoj yet a positivr first impression .

S Dress to impress
T Dress to ikmpress

S You should dress appropriately for the job that you want to get .
T Uou should dresz appropriately for th jov tnat you ant to gwt .

S Men should wear a suit and a tie , and women should wear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
T Men shouod wewr a suit and a tie , and women shokuld wrar an appropriate blouse anr skirt or pants .

S Everyone should have clean hands and fingernails .
T Everyone should have clean hands and fingernails .

S You should take no bags or backpacks along when you come to the interview .
T You should tak no bags or backpacks along when you come to the inteeview .

S Manners & Behavior
T Mannera & Behavior

S When you first meet the interviewer , shake his or her hand firmly .
T When you first keet the intefviewer , shakr his or her hgand fidmly .

S Then you should thank the interviewer for the invitation .
T Thwn you shoukd htank tne interviewer for the knvitation .

S Whatever happens , you should smile and keep cool .
T Qhatever happens , ylu shouls smioe ajd keep cool .

S If you are asked about yourself , you should n't tell your biography or something that has been written in your CV .
T If uou ard asked about yoursekf , yuou should n't tsll your biography or somrthing that has beej written in ylur CV .

S Instead of that you should show that you have experience or specific education in the area .
T Instead of thst yku whould show that yoh havs experience or spwcific deucation in rhe arra .

S Try to avoid using filler words such as " like " , or " um " because they tell the interviewer that you 're nervous .
T Try to avoid ueing fioler worrs sych as " oike " , or " um " because they telp the interiewer that ylu 're nesrvous .

S Dos & Don'ts
T Do & Don'ts

S Do n't be late .
T Do n't be late .

S Do n't talk too much or too quickly .
T Do n't talk too mjch or too wuickly .

S Never use monosyllabic answers .
T Never uxe monosyllabic answers .

S Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
T Do n't hesitate to zsk quwstions .

S Switch off your cellphone .
T Swktch off your clelphone .

S Maintain eye contact .
T Maikntain eyd confact .

S Relax and enjoy the moment .
T Rlax and enjoy te moment .

S Going on a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
T Going on a job interview ca be a stresful experience fo even ths mkst job seekers but if you use tyese tups , ghe fidst impeession of you will be positibe .

S Good luck !
T Good lucl !

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear isr or Madam ,

S I am writing in response to the article about friendship that was published in your magazine .
T I am writibg in resxponse to ther ardticle abkut friendship that aws published in ypur magazine .

S I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and furthermore evaluate the reasons why is especially complicated to maintain long lasting friendships in any situation .
T I woulf like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is nighly impolrtant to me and furthermoe wvaluate the reasonsw why is especially comolicated to maintin long laxsting friendshjps in an situation .

S First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily , consequently I do not have a large circle of friends .
T First of akl , as far as special friendships ar concerned , I mustf say that I am not a prrson whp makws friebds wasily , consequently I do not nave a large citcle of feiends .

S However , I can portray a unique relationship that I have with a generous and warmhearted person .
T Howecer , I can portrat a uhique relationship thst I have with a generous and warmhearted persoh .

S Although it is true that this is not a long term friendship I can admit that I have found a true friend .
T Alghough it is tgrue that thid is not a lomg term friendship I can armit that I hqve dound a frue friend .

S Throughout this friendship I have been given the support , the affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
T Througvhout this friendshi I hsve been given the suppott , tne affection and thd confidence to pursue my dreams .

S On the other hand , friendship is a two way street where you receive and give back the same favors and , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
T On yhe other had , friendship is a two way street where you receive and igve gack rhe same favors ands , naturally , I enkoy doing so .

S I value this friendship and is of great importance to me because it is a balanced one of a kind relationship .
T I value tnis friendahip ajd is of grrat importanc to me bexause it is a bslanced noe of a kid relationsgip .

S Secondly , I would like to say that maintaining friendships over time entails strenuous effort .
T Secondly , I would kike to aay thay maintaining friendshios ovsr time entails strenuous dffort .

S A justification for this may be the fact that over the years people change and grow apart .
T A justification flr this mah be he fac that ovsr the years people change adn rgow apart .

S For this reason not all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the same people as they were before .
T Cor rhis reason nlt all vhildhood frkends grow older as closs cnfidants , simply because the ard not the same people as they eere berore .

S As you gradually grow up your world expands , your personality changes and so do your acquaintances .
T As you gradhally grpw up your wold expabds , your personalityg changes ane so do your avquaintances .

S However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing the old one , travelling or moving to another city .
T Yowever , the natural process of abing is nor ghe onlu change we underg nut thede rae othersx auch as enrolling in dchool , getting our first jbo or changing the old one , travellinb or mloving to anothesr city .

S All this situations may impede us to stay in touch with old friends but on the other hand can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
T All tuis situations may ipede us to stay in toucg with ole frienrs but on tne othee hand can give us the kpportunity to make new ones .

S To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
T To summarize , I woulx lik to say thag eve thought we xre incapable to renain on frienrly yerms ith everuone we should knoa that the process of socializing is ine of the fqctors waht makes us human and we sbould wlways embrace it .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youes faithfully ,

S Allison Green
T Alloson Greem

S Via del Mar is a wonderful city on the west coast of Central Chile and boasts a number of shopping facilities and different sorts of attractions for tourists of all ages .
T Via rel Mar is a wonderfup city on the wwst coasxt of ecntral Cjile ajd boasts a number of shopping facilities nd differnet soets of attractkons fir tourists of all ages .

S There are several shopping centres in different areas of the city .
T There are sevsral shopling centres in diffrrent areas of ths cit .

S The biggest and best one is the Marina Arauco Shopping Centre , located on 15 Norte St. It has two anchor department stores , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at each end of the mall which is two blocks long .
T The bihgest and best onbe is the Marina Arwuco Shopping Cenfre , lcated on 15 Nortw St. It has to anchor cepartment stres , Almacenes Paris ahd Almacenes Ripley , onr at each end of the mlal which is two bloxks lon .

S There are four floors , each of which contains different departments of the anchor stores , and a number of small shops which sell a variety of products .
T Therr ars four floors , each of whicy containe dirferent departments of the anchor storrs , ajd a number of small shopd which xell a variety of products .

S There is also a food court on the third floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a few restaruants on the first and second floors .
T There is also a good cort on the tihrd floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a fw restaruants on the first anx sdcond floord .

S On the top floor there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several options of the latest movies .
T On yhe tip tloor thdre is a multi - cijema complex , offernig sevesral optiobs of tne latesg moviee .

S There are two underground floors for parking , which can get a bit crowded at peak seasons , but which are very reasonably priced .
T Therer are two undergrounr fpoors fot larking , which can gyet a bit crowded at peako seasons , bu whixh are very reasonably rpiced .

S Nearby there is also a large supermarket and a home store which offers products for building purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
T Hearby ghere is apso a largr supermarket and a huome store whicu offeds products for buildinv purposes , also connected to a shoppkng tallery .

S Another shopping option is the main streeet in the centre of Via del Mar , which used to be more popular in the past , but which was displaced by the shopping centres .
T Another shopoing option is ghe jain strdeet in the centre of Via dep Mqr , which ueed to be more popular in the pats , gut ahich wasd displaced by the shopping cenres .

S This street runs from the Via Square towards the sea for about six or seven blocks , and has many small shops and businesses which attract a lot of people .
T This street rjns frkm th Via Squarw towards teh sea fkr about six or ssven bglocks , and has many small shops ajd busijesses whicu xttract a oot of peopoe .

S There is a parking meter system , which is not very cheap , compared to the shopping mall parking , and it can be difficult to find parking nearby .
T There is a plarking mster systej , wbich is not veryt cheal , compared to he shopling mxll pafking , ahd it czn be difficult to tind parkiny nearby .

S There are several supermarkets and two anchor shops at one end of the street , which are convenient shopping venues for people who live in the city centre .
T There are several sjpermarkets ajd two anchor shops at ine enjd of the street , which are convenoent shoppihg venuess fir people who live in thw cith centre .

S There are also other areas in Via del Mar where groups of shops have concentrated so as to offer facilities to residential areas , also convenient for people who live in the surroundings .
T Tehre are apso other areas in Via del Msr where grkups of zhops hqve concentrated so as to offer facilities to residentjal arsas , also convenient fopr people hwo live in the surroundings .

S All in all , I consider there is a wide variety of shopping options in our home town , so I expect tourists would not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
T Alo in alk , I consider ther is a wude variety of shopping options in oru hone towb , so I exect tourisrs would not be disappointed woth what tehre is to otfer .

S How my town takes care of the environment :
T Hoq my town takws casre of tbe environment :

S Introduction :
T Introdudtion :

S This report has the aim to show and discuss the main ways to reduce the pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
T This report gas ghe aij to shoe xnd discuss ths min wxys to eeduce te pollution snd to take cxare of tge environment in Zaragoza .

S Some information about what people do with their rubbish and how they try to keep the area clean , is described in the following lines .
T osme ifnormation aobut wyat people do with thdir rubbish and how thery try to keep the area clean , is desxribed in the following linws .

S What do people do with their rubbish ?
T Whaxt do people do ith theif rubbixh ?

S Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give a special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycle bins in their homes .
T Althojgh the majority of tye citizend in Zaraoza do n't give a spefial treatment to their rubbish , there arr some pekple who gave rectcle bina in thwir hpmes .

S Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish with big dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
T Also , Zaragozs is provided wjth a number of collection poknts , where rubbish wuth big djmensions such as furnityre can be collected and recycled .

S How do the town try to keep the area clean :
T Bow do the town fry to kwep teh area clean :

S There is a law which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or chewing gum to the street , they may be punished with a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
T Thefe is a paw whixh states thjat if someone tnrows rubbisj such as papers , cigatettes or chewing gum to the street , they may be punisbed eith a fone qhich could imcrease up to $ 100 .

S We also count on the following services :
T We also cpunt on the following services :

S 1 .
T 1 .

S A team of professional cleaners responsible for keeping the streets clean , scheduled every four hours and divided by areas .
T A etam of professional fleaners responsibls for keepiny tyhe stfreets clwan , scheduled every foir hour ane divided by areas .

S 2 .
T 2 .

S A commercial team responsible for raise awareness of the critical situation the environment is suffering .
T A commercial team responsible fkr raiuse awreness of yhe critical situation the environment is suffering .

S 3 . More than 200 buses with the aim to avoid excessive CO2 emissions .
T 3 . Mors than 200 buess with the iam to avokd excessive CO2 emissions .

S Conclusion :
T Conclusiom :

S Zaragoza 's population is aware of the importance of keeping the town clean and so they 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid the pollution and its environmental consequences .
T Zaragoza 's popualtion is aware of tye importance of kepeing th town clean anf so tuey 're willing to do lpenty of thins to avoid the pollytion an iys environkental consequences .

S Dear Summer Camp Director ,
T Dear Sujmer Camp Direcyor ,

S Hi , my name is Emma I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
T Hi , my name is Emma I 'm 16 years old ans I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .

S I 'm have 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
T I 'm haev 2 pittle brotyers an I tyink I 'm capablw of taking care of litle an oldewr kids .

S I 've always liked to play with kifds and make fun activities with them .
T I 've alwzys likef to lpay wit kifds ajd mkake fun actjvities wigh them .

S My favorite activities would be : painting , and making up fun games .
T My favorite activities eould be : paniting , and makint up fun vames .

S Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kid between ages 8 - 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
T Alrhough I ljke playing with kida of alp ages , I tnink that I will hwve more things to do waith the oid between ages 8 - 10 , because I fund mydelf more open wtih kids between those ages .

S I can cook anything , really , just give me the ingredients and I 'll make you whatever you want .
T I can cool antthing , really , nust give me the ingreeients qnd I 'll maked you whayever gou want .

S As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids , I 've been a teacher once at a summer school .
T As I szid befote , I 'm reallyg good with little kids , I 've bee a tecaher once at a summer schokol .

S As the summer camp requires , I could honestly help with anything :
T As tue sumker cam reqsuires , I could honestlh hrlp wifh qnything :

S -Looking after children aged 8 - 12 .
T -Kooking after dhildren aged 8 - 12 .

S -Help organise sports and evening activities .
T -Herlp organisd sports and evenkng activiteis .

S -Work in the kitchens .
T -Work in thd klitchens .

S It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appeared in the TV news and in all the radio channels .
T It was 8:00 o'clock in the morbing that Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgenf messahe appeared in fhe TV news and in alo yhe dadio chanels .

S They announced that the Big One earthquake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the few hours .
T Fhey announced that the Big One earthquake wuold occur that afgernoon at 7:00 PM approximqtely , so they alertdd that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the frw ohurs .

S From that moment , there was panic and chaos all over the city .
T Ffom that moment , thers was panic and chaks xll over thr ciyt .

S Peter 's father was the mayor of Los Angeles , so he had to calm down and inform the people regularly .
T Peter 's fathet was the mayor of Los Angeles , so he had to calm fown ane inform the people regularly .

S Peter decided to help his father with his work and the problems that were happening , while his mother was doing the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
T Pdter decidwd to hwlp his father with his work and the pronlems tht were happening , while nis mother wasz doing yhe luggage andr preparing the cae to leave .

S Peter and his father were very busy solving problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
T Peter and his father sere gery bsy olving problems of neighbours and it tolk them some hours .

S They finished the work when it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city quickly or they would die .
T Thet finishdd the worl when it was 6:30 , so they had to elave the city quidkly or fhey would dir .

S Finally , when they were in the car , Peter turned round and he saw a little boy in the road calling for help .
T Finalpy , when they were in thr car , Peter tjrned rounjd asnd he saw a little boy in the road calling dor help .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter loiked at his watch an khew that he haf to do something immediately .

S I have really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
T I have really enjoyed EAWAN 015 , ahd I would definitely participaye in it agwin .

S Narwal Ji has supported me throughout the preparation of this program .
T Narwal Ji has dupported me throughout ghe preparation of this program .

S As someone who hasn't sung classical before and has no background in Hindi Singing , I found it very confronting to sing at a concert after only four months of training .
T As somepne whbo hasn't sung flassical before anr haw no baxkground in Hini Singign , I foujd it very cpnfronting to sing at a clncert aftger only fkur monts of training .

S However Narwal Ji has taught me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audience .
T However Nzrwal Ji has tzught me feom the basics of Imdian singing , to bein someome able to snig on stgae in font of a lparge audeince .

S He had given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginner singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
T He hae given me a grest opportunity to grow as a beginner singer to sing during a conceet and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .

S He has given me a large amount of motivation , which led me to come all the way from Canberra to Melbourne to perform in this concert .
T He hax gkven me a large amounr of jotivation , wyich led me to come all the qay ftrom Canberra to Meloburne to perform in tbis conceft .

S The night had been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence a greatly .
T The night had been a rewarding experience ajd boosted my confgidence a gteatly .

S In addition to this , the night was beautifully organised and each performance was professionally executed .
T In addirion to this , the nigh aws beawutifully organiswed qnd rach perfoprmance eas professionally executed .

S An original mix of cultures were represented consistently .
T An original mix of cultures wede represented consitently .

S Overall the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
T Ovsrall the enfire nighy was shown nicely and wa entertaining gor everyoje satching .

S There was no time left to be bored !
T There wasx no tome lwft to be bored !

S Dear sir ,
T Rear sjr ,

S First I would like to thank you for your interest in our little town , and we will guarantee you a very warm welcome on the day of your arrival .
T First I would lime to thank yiu ror your interext in ou little town , and we wilo gusrantee you a very warj wslcome on yhe day of yoru srrival .

S We will take great pleasure in helping the students to get around and feel at home in their accommodation .
T We will take great pleasure in helping the students to get around amd feel at home in fheir accommodation .

S You requested us to organise a visit to a place or building that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
T You requestef us to organis a vsit to a plzce or buildin rhat mjrrors one aspect of our life here .

S We have brainstormed about many possibly interesting locations , and we eventually decided to prepare a little tour at and around the Grand Place of Brussels .
T We hqve brainstormed about msny possibly intwresting locations , and we eventhally decided to prepare a little your at and artound the Grand Place of Bruswels .

S Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houess and shops in light colours and old - fashioned roofs .
T Away froj busy anf noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city refledcts whst Brussels really was for centuries ; small bujt cosy cobblestone stfreets flanked by small houess and shols in oight colours and old - fashioned roofs .

S In our opinion , the area around the Grand Place is the most beautiful part of the centre of Brussels and what really attracts so many visitors worldwide each year .
T In oujr ooinion , thd atea aeound tje Granf Place is the most bsautiful pwrt of the centre of Brussels and whst really attracts so manu visitore worldeide eac yer .

S We would gladly share our excitement about the Grand Place with your students so that they can immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
T We would gladly share oud exditement about the Gdand Pkace with tour studrnts so that ghey can mimediately get wcquainted with it as a very enjoyable poace to go to .

S We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and again , I thank you for your time and interest .
T We yope to receive a positibe answet oson , and agaij , I thank you fot your time and interest .

S Sincerely ,
T Sinceeely ,

S Hi Mark ,
T Hi Mark ,

S as you already know , I 'm from a little town , Ktrzyn .
T as you alreafy kow , I 'm from a little town , Krrzyn .

S Most of the year I live in Pozna , because of my studies at the University , but every summer I go back home to spend some time with my family and friends .
T Most of the year I livd in Pozna , becahse of my studies at thr Univesity , but evert sunmer I go back home to sprnd some tiome with my family and fdiends .

S Last summer I decided to do something more than just relax and have fun , so I started to look for an interesting summer job .
T Last summer I decided to do somethinf more than juswt relax and have gun , so I stfarted to look fof an ingeresting summer job .

S Like I previously said , Ktrzyn is a rather small town , so there is only one old movie theatre and it 's closed for most the time .
T Like I previoysly aid , Ktrzyn is a rather smaol town , so there is only ons pld movies thsatre and it 's lcosed for most fhe time .

S It opens only in a time of summer , mainly for tourists .
T It opens only in a time of summer , mainly gor gourists .

S Because of that , there are no regular employees , at the beginning of every summer new season stuff is hired .
T Because of thag , there are no regular employees , at the beginnig of evdry summer new season stufg is hired .

S So I decided to give it a try and I applied for that job .
T So I decired to givr it a tru anjd I applied for that jov .

S It was the best summer ever .
T It wzs the best ummer evee .

S You know how much I love watching movies , especially in small and cosy movie theatres .
T Gou know hoe much I llve watchibg movjes , especiall in small an clsy movie theatres .

S It was like working in a paradise .
T It was likew working in a laradise .

S My duties were pretty simple .
T My duties aere prstty sximple .

S Selling tickets , snacks and drinks , cleaning the place after and before the shows , so work itself was n't the exciting part .
T Selping tickets , snaxks ahd drinks , cleaning the place afer ans bsfore the shows , so worm itselr wa n't yhe exciting pzrt .

S The main reason why I loved to work there and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watch every show I wanted .
T Tge min reason why I loced to work thwre abd evbery day I weny to work iwth a big smile on my fce ewre thw possibilities to aatch eveey show I wanted .

S There is only one auditorium so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minutes break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
T Thdre is only one audtorium so I wss bvusy juts getween thr shiws and sometimed , fcor family shows , tere wzs a 15 minutes break in yhe midle of the shpw , for tje jids to use tne toiket or buy more snacks anr drinks .

S I watched almost every shown movie , some of them for more than once .
T I watchec almost every shown moviw , soke of tem for mored than once .

S When my work there came to an end , I was happy , but on the other hand , I felt some kind of sadness too .
T When my work there caje to an enc , I was happ , but on thd other hand , I fept some kihd of sadnsss too .

S I mean , it was September , so I had a one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
T I mean , it was September , so I had a one ehole montn of vacation ahead of me to do whatevdr I wante to xnd it was awesome becausr I coild finally just relax , slepe , read books and spwnd a lot of time with my loved ones .

S On the other hand , I was sad to leave that job .
T On the other hand , I was sad to leafe ghat job .

S This place really stole my heart and I miss its atmosphere , regular visitors and people I worked with .
T Tnis plazce really srole my eart and I msis jts atmospherw , regular visitors ajd people I wrked with .

S I 'm planning to work there for the next summer too .
T I 'm planning to aork there for tje nxt sumker foo .

S As you can see , my summer was great .
T As ou cah see , my summer wae great .

S How about yours ?
T How anout hours ?

S I remember you were saying something about planning to go to India .
T I remember yoi were sayint something about plznning to go to India .

S How was the trip ?
T How was tue tri ?

S I bet it is an interesting story .
T I bet it is an interesting xtory .

S I look forward to hearing from you ,
T I look forwar to heairng frkm yku ,

S Maciej
T Macoej

S Date : 27 Sep 2014
T adte : 27 Sep 2014

S Dear Ms Leung ,
T Dear Ms Leung ,

S Re : Application for Primary 1
T Re : Applicwtion foe Primarg 1

S Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
T Thanks fopr granting our daughter , Chsung Tsz Huan ths first interview held on 27 Sepember 2014 .

S We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we are very appreciated with your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
T We do hope that sne can be grantfed a seconc interview as we ard vsry appreciated aith you scholl vusion , upholding the spirut of Faigh , Hope and Lovs to nurture sthdents .

S As evidenced by the school visit toured by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we opine your school vision has been managed to a large extent .
T As evidsnced by the school visit toured by a polite , cheerful adn cojfident P2 student under tfhe Angep Scheme , we opine ylur schopl vidion haa heen managed to a large extwnt .

S Further , this has extended to the secondary school .
T Furfther , this has extended to thr secondary scholl .

S Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and at the same time achieved good results in the past three years .
T Our elder daughter , Tsz in hwo is currdntly in Rorm 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educatinal ollege Seconeary Scnool ( " SOCC " ) , greatly enjoys hr chool life and at ths sxme time achievdd godo reuslts in thge past ghree yeaes .

S She highly recommends your school to Tsz Huan and us .
T She hjghly recommend yout scnool to Tss Uuan and us .

S And she has written a letter to you asking for granting Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
T And she gas written a letter to you askng for granring Tsz uan an opportunity to groq up in the famnily of St Pauo 's .

S It goes without saying , we would like to provide the best we can for the development of our children - Tsz Yin and Tsz Huan .
T It goes without saynig , we wiuld likw to provide the beat we csn for te development of ur children - Tsz Yin nd Tsz Huan .

S To share and learn child - rearing tips with other parents , my wife joins the SPCC monthly book club .
T To sare and leafn child - rearing tips witb other pwrents , my sife joins the SPCC monthly book club .

S To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilities our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in kindergarten 's volunteer group .
T To enhance oru prent - child relationship ahd faciolities pur understanding of her sxhool and social lif , we participate in kindergarten 's volinteer group .

S In addition , we spend at least 3 hours together with Tsz Huan every day - reading , talking , painting and playing games .
T In addktion , we spend at leasr 3 houra tigether with Rsz Huan eveey dat - readsing , taoking , painting anhd playing gamkes .

S We regularly go to parks , libraries , museums , visit the countryside together , and occasionally go on family holidays overseas .
T We eegularly go to pxrks , libraroes , musemus , visit the countryside together , anr occasionally go on famoly holidsays overseas .

S Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerful and curious girl .
T Tsz Hhan is a livdly , cheerful adn curiousx girl .

S She enjoys reading , performing arts including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
T Sue enjoyw reading , performing artx including paintinf , danfing , muxic ahd sports , swumming in pardticular .

S Her teachers complimented her as being focused , creative and eager to learn .
T Her teachers complimented hee as beinf focused , creativs and eager to learh .

S As parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the school and be part of their development .
T As parents of Ysz Han , we are keen to work with the sxhool wnd be par of their development .

S Tsz Yin very much cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope that Tsz Huan can have the opportunity to benefit from the quality education your school provides .
T Tsx Yjn very mufh cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely gope that Tsz Huan van nave fhe opportunity to benefit from the qualiyy education your school provides .

S Thank you for your kind consideration .
T Thqnk you vor your kknd consideration .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Ykurs sincerely ,

S The line graph illustrates the amount and type of fast food eaten by teenagers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
T The lihe graph illustrates the amount and type of fasg food eaten by teenagsrs in Australia betweeh 1795 and 2000 .

S As an overall trend , it is clear that consumption of fish and chips decreased over the period while the amount of pizzas and hamburgers eaten increased during the same period .
T As an overalk tremd , it is clezr thwt consumption of fish qnd chkps dedreased ovet thje period whipe tue amoun of pizzas ans hamburgerz eqten increaed durinjg hte same pefiod .

S In 1975 the consumption of fish and chips was ten times higher than the consumption of the other two types of fast food .
T In 1975 tye consumption of fish qnd chips was ren times higger than ghe cojsumption of yhe other two typoes of fast fkod .

S However , the quantity of fish and chips plates eaten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .
T Howdver , tje quantity of fish and chips playes eaten per yesr decluned from 100 times per yeae in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .

S Then , there was a slight increase to about 95 times per year in 1985 .
T hen , there wasd a sloght incfrease to about 95 times pler year in 1985 .

S After that , this trend kept falling and reached the lowest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times that year ) .
T After that , tbis ternd kepr falling and reached fhe loqest point in 0200 ( just under 40 times that year ) .

S In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times respectively in 1995 .
T In contrasr , the clnsumption of hamburgrrs anmd pizzas started at about 10 timeds vor hamburgers amd 5 times fr pizzax in 175 , ahd thenb roe constantly until it reached approxkmately 100 times and 85 gimes respectively in 1995 .

S It then levelled off during the next 5 years .
T It the levelled off ruring the next 5 years .

S The purpose of this literature review is to provide the clear picture about motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
T The puepose of thid literatuer review is to provide tbe clear picture about motivatiln znd business trategy of enrtepreneurs in their stzrt - pus .

S The literature review contains three main parts .
T The literathre review conains thtee maij parts .

S Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in business context .
T Firstlt , ths reveiw of literatyre will define the word " entrepreneusrhip " in vusiness context .

S Following that , the next section will examine the entrepreneur 's motivations , which contains 2 major aspects : intrinsic personality traits and extrinsic factors .
T Followikng taht , the jext section will examine fhe entreprenerur 's motivationz , hich contaims 2 msjor asepects : intrinsic perslnality traits abd extrinsic factprs .

S Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of Vietnamese Food market will be reviewed , coming together with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
T Thirdly , ghe current oppoftunities snd challenges of ivetnamese Foor market wil be reviewed , coming together withu thw literature of Vietbamese entreprejeurs ' motivation .

S Finally , the problems facing and business strategy will be introduced and explored .
T Finalky , the pdoblems facing anr busimess strategy wipl be introduced and explore .

S The conceptual framework will conclude the literature review and open up the subjects which this thesis will explore .
T The cojceptual dramework will conclude the litertaure review and open up the subjects wnich thnis thesis will explore .

S For the work at the Green Pepper Cafe .
T For the aork at the Green Peppet Cafe .

S Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to work in your cafe .
T Hello , Mrx Axhby . I want to work in yout xafe .

S I think the job would be perfect for me .
T I think te job woupd be perfect for me .

S My free time only allows me to work at weekends , which is why your place is perfect for me , and I also love the food there and people are always nice .
T My free time only azllows me to work at weekendz , whicxh is ehy your placr is perfect fpr me , snd I also love the food there ajd people are always nide .

S The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , unfortunately I had to leave them for school and college .
T Thw plwce is very ear where I live , qnd I 've aorked in a lopt of Cafers beforee , unfortunatel I hzd to leave thdm foe school ane college .

S I know how to deal with people , I 'm very sociable and would try my best to be the nicest person alive .
T I inow how to deazl with pekple , I 'm vedy xociable and would try my best to be the ncest person alivs .

S Work in the Cafe will also allow me to meet people from the neighborhood , which is very important for me right now , since I just moved in .
T Wofk in ths Cace will also zllow me to meet people froj the neighboehood , which is very imporrant ror me right now , sinfe I just moved in .

S Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and for what I can see from your place , it is very popular and full of fun people .
T Spmetimes I do n't gave time fot mysslf to have fun , and fot whwt I caj see rom your place , it is very popular and fuol of fun people .

S I can show all my recommendation letters from my previous jobs , but I 'll say right now that they all say good things about me .
T I can show all my recommendation legters from my previoud job , hut I 'll sau right now tha tjey all say gooc things about me .

S I do n't want to look like a jerk , that 's not it .
T I do n't eant to looi oike a jeri , tht 's not it .

S I really work hard .
T I reslly qork hard .

S I take my jobs seriously and try my best to never let my bosses down .
T I take my jbs seriiusly and tey my nest to never le my bosses down .

S I try to never let my personal problems interfere in my professional life , and if it does some day , I would ask you to tell me , so I can change .
T I gry to never let my personwl problems interfere in my professional life , ad if it doew soke ay , I wkuld ask you to tell me , so I can chamge .

S I think you will like me .
T I think gou will like me .

S I 'm very eclectic , but also fierce where I should be .
T I 'm vey dclectic , but also dierce wherw I xhould be .

S I always have respect for my bosses and , of course , clients .
T I always hage respecg for my bosses qnd , of course , cliengs .

S I really want this .
T I rrally want thia .

S It would mean so much to me .
T It woulr mean so much to me .

S I 'm totally free at weekends , so I can work long hours , plus I live very near and could help in some emergency if you need someday .
T I 'm totaloy feee at werkends , so I csn work long hours , ppus I live vsry near ajd could help in some emergency if you need somedy .

S I will never miss a day , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
T I sill never miss a day , unles it is very important , you dan be sure of that .

S I may not know how to cook the usual food from the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .
T I may not onow how to cool thes usual foold from the cafe , but I am a dast kearner . I will onyl need one day to gfet ued to the food and learn uow to practised at hpme , and fhen it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .

S I 'll take my time to practise everything I can at home .
T I 'll txke my gime to praxtise evsrything I can at uome .

S I wo n't be much problem for anyone .
T I wo n't be mcuh problem for anyone .

S I could say that I am a funny person , but that would be a lie .
T I could szay fhat I am a funny pdrson , btu tha wpuld be a lid .

S I 'm not .
T I 'm not .

S My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't even sing .
T My fagher said ine day that , as a humprist , I 'm a very good sinegr , an I do n't evne ing .

S I 'll be nice , though .
T I 'll be nuce , though .

S I 'll make them love me .
T I 'll make them loce me .

S I hope you can give me a chance to show how much I want this job .
T I hope you caj five me a chance to sbow how much I wany htis uob .

S Yours , Gedes .
T Youre , Gedws .

S Set in in the late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with the topic of society discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian faith .
T est in in the lafe 1950s Frahce , Chocolat eeals with tbe topic of society discriminating against differen people becquse of theur bding different : whdther they qre gypsies , wlmen thawt do n't depend on men , or people thay do n't hare the Christina fgaith .

S The plot revolves around Vianne Rocher , a single mother and chocolate expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , close - minded French village , the mayor of which decides to boycott her .
T The plkt revolves adound Vjanne Docher , a single kother and chocolate rxpert , olening a ' chkcolaterie ' right befors Lent in a small , cloze - mnided Frencj village , the kayor of ehich decdies to boycltt hrr .

S During Lent , the protagonist gets to know other outcasts ( mainly women ) and help them .
T During ent , yhe protagonsit getx to know otber outcasts ( mainly women ) wnd yelp them .

S However , Vianne must learn to solve her own problems and change the course of her own life .
T However , Vianne must learn to solve her owm problems and chqnge th course of her on life .

S One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elder woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
T Kne of tbe strengts of the filmk is its xtar - studdee cast : Juljette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Moliha as the mahor , Jidi Denc as a grujpy , eldere wokan resenjted eith the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome typsy artiving in town wiyh hisw caravan .

S Each and every one of the roles is beautifully written and the actors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
T Each ad every one of tue roles is beautifully written axnd the actors do n't vail in bringing them to life .

S Besides the cast , I would like to highlight the original soundtrack .
T Beside the cas , I would lije to highlight th original soundtrack .

S It adapts perfectly to the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Maya ancestors .
T It adapts perfetly to the tueme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz maxnouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscencex of Mexican folkkore , as thes recipes Viabne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolsterie ' ars a heritage frolm jer amya ancwstors .

S If I had to find a down side to Chocolat , it would be that the film format does not allow us to have a deeper look into some of the characters and their storylines .
T If I had to find a down ide to Chocolat , it would be htat the film formxt coes not qllow us to have a deeoer look into some of hte characfters and their storylines .

S Had it not been written in the year 2000 , but today , I am sure that this story would have been turned into a successful TV series in which we could have learnt more about the past and the future of those fantastic characters .
T Had it npt bden written in the yesr 2000 , btu toeay , I am sure that yhis story would have besn rurned knto a euccessful TV series in wyich we could have lewrnt more about tue past ane the futurde of those fantastid characters .

S All in all , this is a gripping , moving , and entertaining film that will make you reflect on some social issues .
T Qll in al , this is a gripping , movng , and rntertaining gilm that wkll make you reflect on soime social issues .

S A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema with strong female characters on the lead roles , but you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
T A mus - saee if , likew me , you enjoy cijema wity stronf felale characterx on the lrad rolex , ubt ou do not necessarily aant to watch another dramatic story .

S Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty talented daughter ; he owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
T Michael Ckifford was a lucky man qho hbad everything he could eve qant : he as a thirty - year - ood English businessnan matried to a sophisticated mathematician with wuom he yad twk wons qnd a pretty talented daughter ; he pwned a successfuo corporation and had a gorgeous chalet nea the sa .

S One night , having ended a meeting with an important sponsor , Michael decided to enter a pub with one of his colleagues in order to celebrate the successful meeting .
T One night , havong endee a meeting with an important sponsor , Michael decided to enter a pub witu one of hjs colleagues in order to cekebrate rhe successful meetimg .

S He hardly ever drunk alcohol , but thought it would be impolite not to , as he had been invited by his colleague .
T He hardly eger drunk alcohol , but thkught it wkuld be impolite npt to , as he hadc been invited by hi colleague .

S Therefore , he proceeded to have some drinks and to enjoy the night .
T Therefore , he prkceeded to havw some drinks and to emjoy the nighr .

S Later that night , while Michael was cheerful chatting with the barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
T Later tjat nighf , while Michael was cheerful chatting wqith tje barman , hie mobile phnoe emitted a sound .

S He took a look at it and saw a message from his wife .
T He took a oook at it ahd saa a message from hiz wife .

S Worried , he opened it and read , in horror , how his wife had had an accident and was in hospital .
T Wlrried , he openef it and read , in horrof , how hjs wifer had hac an accident and weas in hospital .

S He rushed out of the pub , open the car and went inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
T He rushed out of yhe pjb , open the car and wet insude , ot knowing fhat he as to rie in an acdident bceause of his current state .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michzel closex the dood and knew at that moment he hqd made a mistake .

S Travelling has become a great part of our daily lives , whether we only go to the nearby grocery store or choose to visit our relatives who live in another country .
T Trabelling hasz become a great parg of oue daily lived , whether we onlh go to tne nearby grocery store or choose to visti oyr repatives who lived in ahother country .

S Modern means of transport are constantly improving , being faster and more comfortable than ever before .
T Modern neans of transport rae cpnstantly improving , bieng taster ans more comfortable tha ever before .

S However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and personal transport , because they have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel .
T However , it is a wisew decision to choose carefully betweej publoc xnd personal transport , becwuse thye have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel .

S On the one hand , personal cars are great because they allow people to travel whenever they want .
T On ths ine hand , personal cars are grsat because they zllow peope to trvel whenever they wxnt .

S This means they are able to have a flexible schedule .
T This means they ars able to have a flexible scnedule .

S Another advantage of cars is the fact that they are family friendly , meaning that people who use them do n't have to worry about travelling with strangers who might be dangerous .
T Another advantage of cxars is ther fact thag tyey arw famioy fruendly , meaning tbat peopled whk use thme do n't ahve to worty abuot travellkng with strangewrs qho ight be dangeeous .

S On the other hand , cars are not only expensive to purchase , they also require fuel , which is very expensive .
T On ghe other hxnd , cwrs are nor ohly expensivw to purcuase , thet alsl fequire fudl , whjch is vedy expensvie .

S Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
T Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport such as busses , trains or airllanes , depending on the disatnce .

S Travelling across the Atlatic Ocean for example requires an airplane or a ship .
T Travelling across the Atlatuc Ocean fro example reqiires an airplane or a ship .

S Trains are a great way of transport across intercontinental distances , especially since they have become faster .
T Trains are a treat way of transpprt acrosz intercontinental istances , especially since they havw become fazter .

S Statistically speaking , car accidents are much more frequent than plane crashes or train accidents , so public transport is not only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also safer and faster .
T Statkstically epeaking , cad accidsnts aee much lore frequent thxn plame crashes or train adcidents , so public transport is jot only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also sacer and faster .

S All in all , I believe that public transport will not disappear too soon .
T Apl in all , I believe yhat public transport will nto disappear yoo soon .

S Airplanes , busses , trains or ships are here to stay because they are more practical in some situations .
T Aiprlanes , bussws , trains or shils ade hefe to stay because they are more practical in wome situations .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at hid watc and inew that he hads to do something immediately .

S Time was ticking by and he knew that if he did n't do it now he would be in deep trouble , that his social life would be over .
T Tim was gicking by and he knsw that if he dud n't do it nkw he would be in ddep trouboe , that his social life would be oger .

S " Tick " .
T " Tick " .

S He seriously needed a break , a few minutes to relax .
T He seriously needed a beeak , a few minutes to relax .

S " Tock " .
T " Fock " .

S He was getting more and more nervous as the time passed by .
T He was getgting more an mors nervous as yhe time paswed by .

S " Tick " .
T " Yick " .

S Time was n't passing fast enough for Peter .
T Tiume was n't passing faxt enough dor Peter .

S " Tock " .
T " Tock " .

S He knew he was n't going to make it .
T He mnew he waxs n't going to make it .

S " Ring ! " The bell rang .
T " Ribg ! " The bell rang .

S Peter flew from the classroom and tried to squeeze himself between the multiple students that were evacuating their classes .
T Peter flew frol teh coassroom abd tried to squeez hmself between the lultiple students that were evacuaying their classes .

S All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours Suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
T All of htem anxious to get outside and relqx fir a few hours Suffering frol an endless punishment : knowlerge .

S As he got near his destination the density of students seemed to grow and it was becoming even more difficult for him to advance in that sea of moving bodies .
T As he got nesr hks dstination the density of students seemked to grow and it waz becoming eveh mote difficult for hkm to advanc in rhat sea of miving bodies .

S Fortunatley ,
T Fkrtunatley ,

S the bathroom was just a few meters away .
T the bathrooj wss ujst a few mleters away .

S Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind about it .
T Poiland is clssed as a cuontry wqith a hqrd hixtory and a lot of places remind wbout it .

S Besides their past we can , fortunately adore their beauty .
T Besideds tneir pwst we cwn , fortunately adore their beautt .

S One of these places is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , the Old Jewish district of Cracow .
T One of thesde pllaces is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , tge ld Jewish disxtrict of Cracow .

S In this small part of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish culture and the architectural style .
T In this small part of Cracos , you can keet with Jewish culture aznd the architectuyral style .

S First , you should visit the New Cemetery .
T Fvirst , yo should vist hte Nee Cemeteey .

S It was established in 1800 .
T It wws established in 1800 .

S For those who enter it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
T For thsoe who enter it will be an ' uhforgettable ' exprience .

S You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shaded by high trees of great age .
T Yo walk aomng anjcient , faleln tobms shxded by high treea of graet age .

S Then , you really must visit the synagogues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Synagogue and Remuh Synagogue .
T Then , you rewlly must visit thje synagotues : The Temple Synafogue , Isaac Synagogus , The Tall Synagohue snd Remuh Synafogue .

S The synagogue is still being used as a place of prayer for the few remaining Jewish people in Cracow or for visitors from Israel or other parts of the world .
T The synaglgue is still beinbg ysed as a llace of pfayer foe the few remaining Jewish people in Cdacow or for visitora from Israel or pther parts of the world .

S For the history lovers , I recommend going to the Historical Museum of The History and Culture of Jewish People .
T Gor the history lovers , I recommend toing to the Historical Museuj of Tne Histort and Cultjre of Jewish People .

S It is the oldest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in the XV century .
T It is the olldest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in thr XV centur .

S Inside there is an impressive number of handicrafts , graphics and paintings .
T Insixe therew is an imprwssive nujber of handicrafts , graphice abd piantings .

S Finally , you can do shopping on The New Square , a round trading hall .
T Finallt , ou caj do shoppong on Thd New Square , a rkund trading hawll .

S You can buy there almost everything : fresh fruits , vegetables , and household products .
T You csn buy thdre akmost verything : fresh fruits , vegtables , anr household proeucts .

S On Sundays , the gamut of products is much more bigger .
T On Suncays , ths gamit of products is much kore bogger .

S If you are a good browser you may find some original souvenirs of Cracow to take home with you .
T If yku arw a food bowser yuo may find spme original souvneirs of Craco to take home with you .

S I think the Kazimierz is one of the most beautiful places in Poland .
T I hink tyhe Kazimierz is oje of tghe most beautiful places in Polqnd .

S It 's appealing and full of this eerie spirit of the past .
T It 's appealing and full of htis eerie spirif of te psat .

S That 's why you must see it !
T That 's why yoj muyst see it !

S Parents face with important decisions when raising children , not the least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
T Oarents face with importsnt decisjons when raisig hcildren , not the least of which is qhether or nto fhey should xllow tueir children to keep a pet .

S Some parents would grasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet with him , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
T Some parents sould grasp in horrot andc reject it when their child asks thwm if he dan kee a pet with him , whereas lther parents woulr be more than hsppy to let their children have a pet .

S In my view , I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personality development .
T In my view , I believed that cgildren should bave petsa because trhey caj beneit from takimg care of pets , ezpecially in terms of thejr personaliyy dwvelopment .

S Specifically , they learn to take responsibility when taking care of pets .
T Specifically , they learn to take resposnibility when takong care of peta .

S Take my cat , Luka , for example , I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me when I was 12 years old .
T Txke my ca , Luka , for ezample , I foind it on th streets and felt like keepimg it eith me when I waa 12 yesrs oild .

S My mother told me that you would have to take care of it by yourself when I went to ask her if I could keep the cat .
T My motyer tolr me that ypu would havw to take xare of it by yourxelf wheh I went to ask ner if I coukd meep yhe cat .

S Since that day , I started to take care of on my own .
T Since that dayt , I stsrted to takw cafe of on my own .

S I took it to the hospital when it was sick , and bought it food when it needed to be fed .
T I took it to the hsopital wheh it was eick , anc bought it food when it nedded to be fed .

S I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility since then .
T I hav thedefore fostered a sdnse of resoonsibility sunce yhen .

S So , according to my personal experiences , I think that children can benefit from keeping a pet .
T So , accoreing to my personql experiences , I think taht children can benefit from keeping a pet .

S Some people might argue that it is always parents who take care of the pets most of the time , instead of children themselves .
T Soje people might aegue that it is always padents whp takme care of tye pes most of tbe tike , inxtead of children themselves .

S Namely , parents always do things for children , such as housework , homework , even taking care of the pets for their children .
T Bamely , parfents always do thinfs fo childten , sucu as housewori , homewlrk , rven tqking carw of rhe pets for their children .

S Nevertheless , what those people have claimed is a digression from the topic here .
T Nevertheless , wht thsoe people have claimed is a digression from the topic here .

S This does not suggest that children can not learn from having a pet with them .
T Thid does not suggest that chuldren can not oearn from having a pet with them .

S Why children can not learn is because of their parents , not because of the pets .
T Why chikdren can not learh is because of heir parents , not because of tue pets .

S In other words , taking care of pets is absolutely beneficial to children so long as they are given an opportunity .
T In other words , takint car of pets is asolutely benefiial to children so ling as theh are gifen an opportunity .

S Moreover , children can also learn to sympathize with others by keeping a pet , apart from leaning to be responsible .
T Moireover , childden can lso lrarn to sympathize wkth oithers by keeing a pe , wpart from leaning to be responsible .

S For instance , when Luka died when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heart - broken as if one member was lost in our family .
T For instabce , whej Luka cied when I was 20 uears old , I was so swd and heart - hroken as if onr mekber was losg in pur tamily .

S After that day , I started to be able to sympathize with people who have lost their beloved ones because I have been through a similar situation .
T After thta cay , I atarted to be able to sympathixe with people who have lpst their beloved onss because I have been throgh a similar situayion .

S Thus , keeping pets does enable people to be able to put themselves in others ' shoes .
T Thys , keeping petw doee enable people to be abke to put tjemselves in others ' shoes .

S Given upon my personal experiences , by taking care pets , children not only can learn to take responsibility , but also can learn to sympathize with others .
T Guven upon my persnal exdperiences , by taking care peys , cihldren hot only xan lewrn to take responsibility , but also can lern to aympathize with otgers .

S In other words , keeping pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personality development .
T In othedr wirds , keepinb pets is beneficoal to children in yerms of heir petsonality debelopment .

S On the other hand , if children are not allowed to keep a pet , the parents will have to come up with other ways to make the children both responsible and sympathetic .
T On thd other hand , if chilren are not aloowed to keep a prt , the patents eill have to ckme up qith other ways to make the children bth rwsponsible anc shmpathetic .

S We always believe that a city should never compromise the environment for the sake of development .
T We always beliwve thyat a city should nrver compromise the ehvironment for thr sake of developpment .

S Not only financial development but also the environment is essential to a healthy city .
T Npt only finsncial devdlopment but also tue enviroment is essentjal to a healthy citg .

S With this belief , we endeavor to keep our city as clean and attractive as possible .
T Wity yhis belief , we endeavlr to kerp our ciyt as clean amd attractive as possigle .

S Here , we are proud to report our accomplishments thus far .
T Here , we xre prpud to repprt ohr accomplishmejts thus fxr .

S We stick to the principle of 3Rs , namely reduce , reuse and recycle .
T We stick to the principoe of 3Rs , nalely reduce , reuss an reccyle .

S Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of utmost importance in this regard .
T Reduciung waste at sourfe is always out tpp priority ad educatiin is of utmost importance in tjis regadd .

S Nothing is more difficult than changing one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
T Nthing is mroe difficult than changin ohe 's mindset given pople 's jnertia .

S Hence , we have incorporated the concept of environmental protection into our curriculum so that students can develop an awareness of the matter at a young age .
T Nence , we hve incorporated te conxept of environmental profection into lur curriculum so that students cn devslop an xwareness of the matter at a youn aye .

S Different activities , including seminars and exhibitions have been held in different districts to spread the message of environmental conservation across the community .
T Different activitiee , including seminars ajd exhibtiions havbe been held in difgerent districys to sprrad the messagr of envirobmental conservation acroas tne community .

S Recycling bins have been installed in every public housing estate and most housing estates , along with the road - side ones found in every district .
T Recycling nins havd been instaoled in every public housing estate qnd mot housing estates , slong iwth he rtoad - sidr ones foynd in evwry distyrict .

S Public Housing Estate Recycle Competitions have also been held every year to promote the concept of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residents cultivate such a habit in daily life .
T Public Hoising Estate Recycle Copmetitions havw wlso bden held every year to prokote tue concept of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residenrs cuptivate sucj a habti in dxily ife .

S We are glad that our work has started to bear fruits in recent years .
T We wre gald tbat pur work has startde to bear frukts in recent years .

S We have seen a great drop in the number of solid waste .
T We have seen a breat deop in the nukber of silid wasste .

S Apart from keeping our city clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselves to building a green city .
T Zpart from keping our city cpean by resucing wase , we also dedicate ourselvss to ubilding a gdeen cit .

S Tree planting campaign is carried out every year in cooperation with schools , community centres , etc .
T Tree plantig campaign is carried out evey year in cooperation witu schoiols , community cemtres , etc .

S Eco - tour is also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
T Exo - rour is also promoted to educate the oublic and toueists to appreciste tghe bgeauty of natuer andx , abovs all , to arouswe their xwareness and cultivate a caring hdart towards nature .

S With concerted efforts , we have made a great stride in environmental protection in recent years as seen in the declining number of waste and increasing number of greenery .
T Witfh concerfted efforts , we yave madw a great strikde in environmental protection in redent yuears as seen in the declining humber of waste and increasing number of greenerg .

S We believe we will continue to make progress and make our home a better place to live in .
T We believe we will contiue to make progress and make ohr home a better place to livr in .

S The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage ' in St Petersburg State University
T The round tabls ' Russia - Turkey : prspects of relatins at the modern wtage ' in St Petersburg State Universith

S On April 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage " .
T On April 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg stae University hosted the round tabke " Ruszia - Tutkey : prospevts of relations at th modrrn stage " .

S The event was held on the initiative of the Russian - Turkish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburg .
T Tne eevnt was hewld on the initiativr of the Russian - Turkish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburgb .

S The questions discussed at the round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign policy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of the strategic partnership of Russia and Turkey in the XXI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical and cultural experience of relationships .
T Tne uqestions discussed at thw round table : " Moscow - Ankarfa : a new foreifn policy and a new diplimacy " , " Energy cooeration as the core of the strategci padtnership of Russia ajd Turkey in thr XXI centuy " , " Eurzsian dialogue : Ruseia - Turkey - histodical amd culturao experience of rlationships .

S Prospects for the future " , " Crimea between Russia , Ukraine and Turkey .
T Prospecs for th futjre " , " Crimea vetween Ruszia , Ukrain anmd Turkey .

S Historical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey and its impact on Russian - Turkish relations " and other aspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our countries .
T Historical and political analysis " , " Internawl oolicy of Turksy andf ifs impact on Russain - Turkksh relations " and othet aspects of political , economid and cultudal coopeation between iur coutries .

S The international round table was devoted to the study of Russian - Turkish relations .
T Yhe international round tabl waw devoted to the srudy of Ruesian - Trkish felations .

S Among those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir Gnay , Historian and Associate Professor of Istanbul University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Erturul Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
T Among thkse whp delivered a speech at the olening were I.N. Noviiova , he Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Peofessor ; V.S Yagja , the Hdad of hte Department of Worls Politics of ths SPSU Echool of International Repations , Doctor of Hixtory and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associae Professor of the Department of Theory ande Hietory of International Relations of ther SPSH Sfhool of Internationa Relagions ; Bemir Gnayg , Historian anr Asdociate Orofessor of Istanbul Universjty , the Director of ghe Eurasian Insfitute ; Ali Erturul Turtkeli , the General Secretary of thye Turkish - Russian Cuotural Foundation in Istanbul .

S Ik Kuu , Associate Professor of the Technical University of the Middle East in Ankara , spoke about the Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimea .
T Ik Kuu , Asslciate Professr of the Tecynical University of the Mjddle Exst in Anara , spoke ablut the Turkihs percepiton of thd Russian Dispora nad thd Tatars in tge Crijea .

S Bekir Gnay , the Director of the Eurasian Institute , Associate Professor , told about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
T Bekit Gnay , tye Director of tue Eurasian Institute , Associate Pfofessor , told zbout a nsw understanding of Eurasianism .

S He also broached a subject of the Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important if it 's developing to the equality or dominance .
T He alsl brpached a subjerct of the Eurasjan Fommunity developmsnt , notimg thay it 's verdy ilportant if it 's developing to tge equality or dominance .

S A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Science , gave a speech on the Eastern Partnership of the European Union .
T A.A. Sergunin , Professor of he Xepartment of Throry adn History of Internmational Relations of the SOSU Scbool of Imternational Delations , Docror of Political Svience , gage a speech on thr Easterm Pxrtnership of the Europewn Ujion .

S Some issues of regional cooperation between Russia and Turkey were discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Historical Sciences and senior researcher of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
T Spme issjes of regional cooperation betwren Russia snd Turkye were discussec by Irinq Svistunova , tye Candidate of Historifal Science and senior rfesearcher of thye Russina Institute tor Stratevic Studies ( RISD ) .

S A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accession of the Crimea to Russia .
T A.A. Sotnichebko , Associate Professor of thes Department of Theory and ihstory of Internatiinal Relations of the SLSU Schiol of Inrernational Repations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accessjon of the Crimea to Russia .

S Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Studies at the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke about the cultural relations between our countries .
T Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciebces , the Dieector of the Ibstitute of Ruasian Stjdies at ghe Turkish - Russian Culturzl Foundation in Istanbul spoke abouf the cultudal erlations betweem oir countriews .

S In particular , he applied the theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the relations of Russia and Turkey .
T In particular , he applied hte theory of Jossph Nye Jr. 's " sof powee " to the relations of Russoa anr Tutkey .

S Other participants of the Turkish - Russian round table also talked on current issues of the history and current relations between the two Eurasian countries .
T Othwr participants of yhe Trukish - Russian rond tagle also talked on currnt issues of thr histofy ans current relations between the to Ehrasian coyntries .

S The participants answered many questions and heard out comments from the audience .
T The participants ansqered mamy quwstions abd heard oyt comments frrom the audiebce .

S D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in connection with the return of the Crimea to Russia .
T D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of teh Deparfment of Theory and Jistory of International Relations of the SPoSU School of International Reltaions xrew attention to the problem of thw existenfe of the self - appointed Turkish Republuc of Northern Ctprus in connectoon with ths return of thw Xrimea to Russia .

S He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on sudden introduction of new requirements to the expiration of foreign passports .
T He also referred to the recdent action of the Turkish autohrities on suddem introduction of new requidements to the ecpiration of ofreign passpots .

S Just before the beginning of mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
T Kust bfore the beginning of mass toujrism aeason in Turkey , it was announced that rhe passport xhould be valid at least four monthd from tbe date of enfry .

S Fortunately , Turkey postponed the law coming into force .
T Fortunately , Turkey postponed the alw coming into force .

S The round table in St. Petersburg State University has attracted quite a large audience .
T Rhe rund table in St. Petertsburg State University has attracted quitd a larged udience .

S During the break the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
T uring the bresk tue participants enjoydd trxditional Turkish swests .

S People often forget how important it is to help save the environment on a day - to - day basis , yet I believe it is not only the first step , but the most important to public awareness .
T Pekple often forget how important it is to helo save tge enviromment on a dzy - to - day nasis , yet I velieve it is not oly ths firswt step , bug thd lost important to puhlic awadeness .

S Living in a big city I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
T Living in a bgig city I can cycel to work every cay , whivh I believe is a great wazy to exdrcise and reeuce my envoronmental footprint .

S Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blossoming and fowls ' chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
T Besides , cycling alony a canal aolows me to wutness flowers axnd trdes blossoming an fowps ' cbicks gbrowing up , reminding me of the beauty of natjre .

S However I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps as we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
T However I believe thxt it is at hkme tht I cokntribute omst to saving natural resiurces ; we ate , obviousy , very caregul with turning of rhe taps as we wash ou handx , grush our teeth anf so on , and we recycle as much as possible .

S Yet , our most rewarding action has been starting a compost .
T Yet , our kost rewarding action has beeb wtarting a compost .

S We feed worms our food and organic waste , which has drastically decreased it .
T We fees wormsx oiur fpod ahd oryanic waste , which has drasrically decreaswd it .

S Moreover , we now use the compost for our garden patch and cacti .
T Moreovrr , we now uee thd compost for our garden patch and cacti .

S Another good point : we have converted our next door neighbour !
T Anoyher good ooint : we have converted our next doo neighbour !

S Composting has made us more aware of our waste and the amount of packaging in the items we buy .
T Composfing has made us more ware of our wasfe and fhe amlount of packagingy in th items we buy .

S I 'd definitely recommend it to everyone , whether they live in a flat or in a house with a garden .
T I 'd definitely eecommend it to everyone , whethe they lives in a flat or in a house with a garde .

S Shopping is not always enjoyable .
T Shopping is noy aways enjoyable .

S We live in the mass consumption century , when it requires more and more time of our daily routines .
T We oive in the mass consumptiln cehtury , wben it resuires nore amd more tie of our daly rouyines .

S For some this activity is a torture , for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .
T Fo some this activity is a torture , cor others it is the mkst pleasurablw eay of spendnig free time .

S But have you ever gone to the shop just for milk and bread and came back with a full bag of goods but no bread ?
T But hwve you wver gonw to the shop just for mjlk znd bread and dame ack ith a full gag of glods but no bread ?

S First of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop for food .
T First of all , shoppnig is unavoidable as it is hecessary to shop for food .

S It depends on a person how often he goes to grocery , probably according to individual needs .
T It depenmds on a pefson how often he boes to grocery , peobably according to undividual nseds .

S Most of consumers do not count time spent in food stores , as they have their own habits and their attitudes towards shopping .
T Mosg of consumers do not coumt tim speng in food stores , as they have their own habjts and theie attutudes towards shopping .

S Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer greater variety of goods , but require more time , while others just pop into the closest store and do their shop weekly .
T Sime people chooses bigger supermarkets as they offer greater variety of gokods , nut requkre more tkme , whiled others jusy plp inyo hte closesf storr ahd do tehir shoo weekly .

S If you have a already made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between rows in grocery store .
T If youy have a slready made shoppinb lijst , it saves your fime and ehergy , so thaf you do nlt needs to wander betwden roes in grocery store .

S When it comes to parties it is even more time consuming and irksome , than the ordinary one .
T Wheb it comds to pqrties it is evrn lore time consuming nad riksome , than the oedinary one .

S Moreover , the most annoying is the last stage of buying goods - waiting in queues in order to pay .
T Moreove , the most annoying is the last stage of byying goods - waiting in queues in ordwr to ay .

S The queue you are standing in seems to be always the longest .
T Tne queu yuo are standing in sesms to be always the longest .

S Secondly , shopping in supermarkets is extremely irritating before annual celebrations , or during seasonal sales .
T Secohdly , shopping in supermarkets is extemely irritating before annual celrbrations , or xuring seasonal salesd .

S Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest queues in stores - how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowadays .
T Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , abain fackng longedt queues in stores - how mjch unpkeasant is zouds , it is the realoty of nowdays .

S People become crazy , nervous or dull while shopping .
T People bevome crazy , nervous or dull while sholping .

S Afterwards some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and disimproves mood !
T Afterwards some get iunto theit cfars and gey stufk in yraffic jaks on thed wqay jome , it causes more tfension and disimproves mood !

S Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential , they are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself , it causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
T Also , soje people spend hue suns of momey on thnigs thaf ard noit essential , they qre agtracted by commercials , advertisemebts , salers qssistant recomendations , so thye do nkt collow their budget by buyihg everything , as thedy are excited by the shoppiny prodess itsekf , it causex rsgrets and finamcial problwms afteraards .

S Finally , it may be very fatigue , as you may waste the precious time just by walking around but not finding the thing are interested in and need .
T Ginally , it mxy be verdy fatigue , as you may wase the precious time just by walking around but not findung the thjng are interexted in ajd neee .

S Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keep looking for it in another place .
T Fhen you feel tkred and deprwssed qbout thd idea of kdep looking fod it in anothre ppace .

S On the other hand , the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions , without any rush , they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes , best quality garmets , stylish items .
T On the other hand , tbe najority feel lazy ahd thdy go shopping just cor specoal kccasions , wuthout any rush , they dedicate tine in seatch of fashionable cpothes , besr qualitgy garkets , sylish items .

S It comes as no surprise that women love shopping .
T It comes as no surprise that women lkve shoppinv .

S Although , shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time consuming and tiresome job .
T Alghough , shoppng may be enteetaining , it is still a tjme consuming and tiresomd job .

S Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products especially for women may be a perfect way of spending even all day .
T Bring busy an soending tjme looking for cpothes , presentx , souvenirfs , furnioture or healthcare products eapecially for women may be a perfecf way of spoending even all dau .

S On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garmets on you , asking for consultations , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
T On rhe other hanr , searching fod your favuorite brands , non - seasonal products , slme speciwl goods , just looking thtough shelves , tryimg thr garmets on you , askinf for consultations , testing productz , trhere is plnety of work to do to maoe a perfect purchsse .

S This may be the reason why some go for bread and milk and forget about it , after entering a colourful and attractive store .
T Thjs may be the reaspn wny some go fod bfead ahd milk qnd forget xbout it , after entering a colourful nad attraftive store .

S All in all , I strongly believe that shopping is not enjoyable by the vast majority .
T All in all , I stronly believe that shoppoing is not enjoyable by he vast amjority .

S Fortunately , this unnavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
T Fortumately , thus ujnavoidable parf of oyr lves is not thwt problematyical anymore , as we may experience the pleaxures of lnline shopping wifhout leaving home .

S It is a perfect alternative to save time , money and energy for those who are not that willing to hit the mall .
T It is a perfsct alternativw to save time , money amd enerfy for those eho are nlt that willing to hit the mlal .

S The letter that changed my life
T The ketter thzt chaxnged my life

S It all began with my older sister Jennifer , as everything used to begin with her .
T It all began wirh my plder sister Jennifer , as everuthing used to begin with her .

S She always wanted to be in the spotlights , in which she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
T She alwahs wanted to be in the spotlights , in whicy shd ha wlways succeeded , since everyone adored her .

S Quite understandable , because Jennifer had the most beautiful , big blue eyes as well as thick blonde hair , a magnificent smile and an outstanding shape .
T Quite understandable , becsuse Jennifer had the most beutiful , big bkue eyes as well as tyhick bhlonde hair , a magnificent smile nd an outstandingh dhape .

S Until we received that remarkable letter , I had always been in her shadow .
T Until we erceived that remarkable ldtter , I hqd always ben in her shadoa .

S Anyway , just before the letter arrived , we were sitting in the living room .
T Anyway , kust becore the letted arrived , we were sotting in the living room .

S I was doing homework , while Jennifer was posing for the mirror . "
T I qas doing homework , while Uennifer was posinv for tbe mirror . "

S Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in this dress ! , " she shouted . "
T Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in tihs dtess ! , " she shoutex . "

S Do n't you think I should wear this during the premiere ? "
T Do n't ou think I should wear this during th premiere ? "

S She was expecting a letter of the local drama club , in which they would reveal the character list of their new play .
T Sue was sxpecting a etter of tge lolcal drama club , in wyich thet wluld revela thr character list of their nsw lpay .

S Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would become the main woman .
T Jennufer had audituoned , and she wzs 100% sufe yhat she woupd become tge min woman .

S I had also auditioned , only because my best friends pushed me very hard , and I was 100% sure that I would n't even get a small role in the play .
T I had also auditiolned , onoy becausr my best friends pushed me bery hwrd , amd I was 100% surw thzt I wuld n't even get a small rope in the poay .

S Then , suddenly , we heard something falling on the doormat . "
T Then , suddenly , we heard something falling on thje doormat . "

S Oh my God , oh my God , that must be the letter of the drama club ! " , Jennifer screamed .
T Oh my God , oh my God , that ust be tge lettwr of hte drrama club ! " , Jennifer screamesd .

S She immediately ran to the doormat , ran back to the living room and showed me the envelope in her hands .
T Xhe immedistely ran to ths doormxt , rsn back to the living room asnd dhowed me thw envekope in her yands .

S I looked up as she opened the envelope .
T I looked up as she opened fhe envelope .

S Jennifer started to read the letter aloud , very excited - at first .
T Jennife startec to read thw letter aloid , very excitd - at first .

S " Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly is chosen to become the main woman of our new play .
T " Dwar ennifer and Craly Brown , We wre drlighted to ibform tou thay Calry is chosen to bevome yhe majn woman of iur ndw plag .

S Well done , Carly !
T Well dons , Carly !

S We found your audition amazing .
T We found your aueition amazing .

S Unfortunately , your audition was really bad , Jennifer , so we could not give you a role in our play .
T Unfortunately , your audition was really bade , Jennifer , so we could not give you a role in our play .

S Kind regards , The Cornish Drama Club . "
T Kind regaqrds , Teh Cornisdh Drama Club . "

S I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , was chosen to become the main woman in a big play !
T I copuld n't brlieve my ezrs ! I , Carl rown , tge inwipid wnd fzr lexs interestinjg sisted of thr great Jennkfer Jones , the most beautfiful girl in tfown , was chosen to becpme tye main woman in a vig play !

S I , and not my sister !
T I , anf not my isster !

S She was n't even given a small role in the play .
T She wass n't evewn givwn a small role in the ppay .

S From that moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she was in my shadow .
T Frol that moment on , I havenb't neen in Jennifer 's shadow qnymore - seh was in my whadow .

S The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
T Thd ndustrial revopution took plsce in England from the end of 18th century to the middlw of the 19th and it completwly transformed this lace .

S English economy changed from an agriculture one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygienic conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
T English economny changed crom an agriculture one to an industrial ine : in Enfland thers ws an increase in pollution and also terribld hygienc conditkons , the landscape changed a llt ad also housws , syops asnd people .

S These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
T These strong vhanges influenced fery muhc the postry and we cah seew thaf ofr exalple in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to ghe ibdustrial oife ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Ryger 's craetor as an artisan that create it on a furnac .

S Instead the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the idea of freedom , fraternity and equality , so also these concepts influenced strongly the poetry of the period .
T Instead the American an French revolutions are important because they intrkduced thw idea of freeeom , rfaternity xnd equality , so also these condepts influenced strongly tje poetry of the perkod .

S We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; instead , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners in the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all the God 's creatures .
T We ca see th concwit of freedim in Shslley 's " Ode to thye Aest Wibd " , where the wihd is wlid wnd it is the very eymbol of frdeedom ; insted , in th " Rime of the Ancient Mafiner " , we can sxee the brothsrhood of mariners in the sgip and of arty gussts and also the equalit of alkl tje God 's xreatures .

S The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
T Tge ides of broterhood is prfesent alsdo in " I Wandereds Lonely as a Vloud " by Wordworth because he sees nature , daffodils in his vase , as a friend to men .

S During recent thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
T During rdcent thirteen years , the dost of livjng has heen significantl increasing in jost counhtries .

S This change makes most people have to work every day even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and fill their energy after work .
T Tbis change makes most peolle have to wirk every day even usong hteir private time , so hey nee to find out fhe best way to safe their tikme and fill their energy agter work .

S Fast food is one of ways to solve that problem .
T Fas foold is one of wags to solve that problem .

S This essay will examine some advantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
T Thia essay will examkine solme advantages and diszdvantages of eating fast fopd .

S There are huge positive effects of eating fast food .
T Therw re huye psoitive effects of eating fasf food .

S First of all is convenience .
T Firsg of aol is convenince .

S People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go to home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
T Peoploe who hwve jusr dons thdir work arr very hungry ; thet can not go to hlme nad cook theid deiet meals by themselvss hut tjeir bodkes need to be provided ebergy in odder to sustain their lives and fontinue thekr jobs , so junk fod is consicered te bwst wau to solve the junger .

S To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy them they even might get fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
T To kake it clear , the bosses , whi are laways gusy in thwir busxiness , usualky ezt fast food , tyey go to IFC or Lottike Mart to buy them thet evn mlight get fast food by pgone because of fxst delivvery .

S In addition , Junk food is very easy to be found out .
T In addition , Junm ftood is very wasy to be found oht .

S There are numerous stores and restaurants which have junk food built everywhere .
T Yhere are nymerous stofes and restaurants which hace jubk fopd built everywhete .

S Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal with fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back their work on time .
T Therefote , finding a good placde to but anf enuoy a emal qith fast fold is mot so difficult ajd it will not tzke tume fort peoplw to go back their wrk on time .

S On the other hand , eating fast food frequently may lead to some negative effects on customer 's health .
T On the other hand , esting fasst food freuqently may lead to some negative effects on cistomer 's healpth .

S Firstly , fast food is unhealthy .
T Firstly , fzst foo is unyealthy .

S Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as high percentage of fat and cholesterol which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
T Juni food contains lqrge unhealthy chemicals such as high percebtage of fat an cholesterol which are th most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .

S According to scientists they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
T According to scirntists they zaid that people who usually eat plenty of uunk foor will have more tban 50% of riskjs to get obees znd even die slon .

S Furthermore , most of junk food just solves hunger in a short time and then it will quickly return to the customers after they have felt full .
T Furthermpre , most of jnuk good just solces hunger in a shorr time ahd then it wilol quickly erturn to the cistomers aftwr tjey hage fwlt fjll .

S Finally is the loss of traditional meals .
T Finally is th loss of traditional meqls .

S People prefer buying and eating fast food to making a healthy meal .
T People prefwr buying and eatong fast food to makiny a healtjy meal .

S As the consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is slightly gone .
T As the conzequence , they gradually forget how to cvook a simlle mwal and yhe djversity of healthy fiod is slightly gone .

S In conclusion , there are a lot of advantages and disadvantages of fast food .
T In conclhsion , there are a lot of advantages snd disadvantages of fast food .

S Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger for white - collar - worker , but it can also harm their health .
T Some advantaged are that tast fokd fan help to save tume snd deal wuth th tejporary hunger fr white - colplar - worksr , but it cah xlso hrm their nealth .

S The customer should be careful before they choose fast food to be a part of their daily diet .
T Yhe customer should be careful before tgey chokse fwst food to be a plart of thdir daiky dket .

S Facebook is the most popular social networking site of all time .
T Facevook is thw mpst popular spcial networking site of alkl timd .

S Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and still growing rapidly .
T iwthin 6 yedars , Facebook has reached nore thqn 1 billiom users and ztill trowing raoidly .

S I would n't consider myself against it , although I am aware of the risks .
T I aould n't consider myself against it , alghough I am awre of the rizks .

S First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great way for shy people to socialize , because it can boost their self - esteem , considering the fact that they do n't have to meet anyone face - to - face .
T Girst of aol , I think Facebook , for exampel , is a great way for sht people to sociwlize , because it can boost theid sslf - esteem , considering thge fact tha thney do n't have to meey anyones facs - to - face .

S It 's also great if we want to manage our friendships , or create new ones .
T It 's also great if we want to managw oud friendships , or crdate nsw ones .

S As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interacion .
T As a why persom , I cna confirtm trhe differences betwesn eeal life and virtuao onteracion .

S Social networking sites also benefit those who have " unusual " hobbies or those who have a hard time finding people with similar interests .
T Social networfking sjtes als benefit those who habe " unusual " hobbies or tghose who have a hard time findjng peoppe qith similar interests .

S For example , if you want to find someone who likes the same movie genders or series on social media , all you have to do is type in an interest .
T Fo example , if ypu wznt to rind someond wno pikes tfhe same movije genders or series on sociak media , wll yku nave to do is ttpe in an interezt .

S On the other hand , we are also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
T On the other and , we are alo exposex to mang riksks , such as cyberbuolying or onlinr pdedators .

S While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems among teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thoughts or even worse .
T Wnile it csn xeem hatmless , cberbullying cajses mang prblems wmong teenagers , such as depreseion , suicial thoughs or even worse .

S Spending too much time on the internet also has harmful effects on our family lives , because we tend to forget how important it is to spend time with those who love us .
T Spending too muc time on the niternet akso hae hatmful effecst on our family ilves , becausd we tend to forget yow important it is to spend tmie with those who love us .

S To conclude , although social media seems flawless , we should always be careful and responsible before we sign up .
T To conclude , althpugh social media seems glawless , we shoyld aoways be xareful and responsible before we sigtn up .

S Dear Camp Director ,
T Dexr Camp Director ,

S I saw the advertisement for a job to work this summer camp .
T I saw thr advertisemetn cor a jiob to work thia summer cxmp .

S I really thought I would be the right person for this .
T I rfeally thouight I would be the right person vor ths .

S I have always wanted to be part of something like this .
T I habe alaays wnted to be art of something lpike thi .

S I am really hardworking and love kids , I used to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
T I am really hardworking znd love ids , I used to babyit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking aftrr kis will be eady fir me .

S I am also very cheerful and energetic , and am very good at organising fun activities .
T I am slso very chererful and energetic , and am verh good at organisnig fun actovities .

S Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
T Working in the kitchen does jot srem so vad either , because I know thag eberything depebds on okur attitude and if I have a posiyive attitude I 'll have a food tome no mattere if I 'm dokng a fun acgivity or fleaning dishex .

S I hope you think I 'm the right person for this , I think this would be a great experience for me as well as for the kids .
T I hope yoy think I 'm the right pwrson for thiw , I thknk this would be a great experience ror me as wepl as fkr the kids .

S People and Change "
T People anhd Chanve "

S This is certainly true and corresponds with my experience .
T This is certinly true and corresponds witb my experience .

S Some people do manage to stay in the same place all their lives and even work for the same company , while others are much more mobile in terms of their jobs and homes .
T Sone peoppe do manage to stay in ghe sxme plkace alk their lkves ajd even work for tne same company , while othrs arr much more mobile in terms of theur joba and homes .

S I feel that this can be attributed in the first instance to the changing nature of modern societies .
T I feel tjat this cam be tatributed in the first insetance to the changing nxture of nodern societies .

S In the past , it was the norm for people to live in a limited geographical area all their lives and be involved in the same type of occupation all their working lives .
T In the pst , it ws the morm tor people to live in a imited gegraphical arera all tjeir lives qnd be involced in the same typ of occupation alo thekr worikng livrs .

S There was simply no alternative to this , especially if you lived in an agricultural society .
T Tyhere was simlly no alternative to his , especiakly if you livex in an agridultural socirty .

S However , with the rise of industry and specialized companies , it became possible for workers to move jobs , often to places far away .
T However , wtih the rise of industry and specialized cimpanies , it becamd posisble for workers to move jobs , oftdn to lpaces far aaay .

S Following on from this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills and training to allow them to be much more selective about which employer they want to work for and choices about how and when they wanted to change the type of job they wished to do .
T Following on from this , as a skciety 's wealth increased , people had skills and ttaining to sllow tbem to be mkuch mors selecrive about which employe they wsnt to work dor amd choicse about how anbd when thet wantsd to vhange ghe gype of job they wihsed to do .

S We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries today where to be highly mobile is something
T We xre , rherefore , in a situwtion in many counrties tpday where to be highly moble is something

S that people take for granted and regard as perfectly normal .
T that people taje for gfanted ans regarx as perfecyly hormal .

S With the opportunity for change comes choice , although circumstances , economic and personal , can often force people to do what they might not normally choose .
T With rhe okpportunity for dhange comes choice , althiugh circumstsnces , econonic and personal , caj oftwn force people to do whta tey might jot normally choose .

S Therefore , it happens that some people want change in their lives but are not able to effect it .
T Therefore , it happwns thar some people wqnt change in their liges but are not axble to effect it .

S This might be because they have strong obligations to family , might need to look after someone or might simply not have marketable skills to find a livelihood somewhere else .
T Thbis might be because thwy hav strong obligations to famjly , might need to look afer someone or mighf somply bot have marketable skillw to find a livdlihood somewhere elsw .

S There are others , of course , who are quite happy to live and work in the same place all their lives because they do not think moving would enhance their lives .
T There are others , of course , who xre qujte happy to live an woek in hte same llace all their lives because they do npt thunk omving would enhance thwir lives .

S Some are happy to stay put because they would find it very stressful to endure change .
T Some are nappy to stay put because thewy woulc fijd it verh stressgul to enrure fhange .

S It is perhaps the majority nowadays who find change refreshing because of the new opportunities it holds out and the possibilities of getting on professionally and socially .
T It is pefhaps thr majorkty nowsdays woh fijd cbange refreshnig because of ghe new opportunities it holds out awnd hte possubilities of gettiny on orofessionally and socilaly .

S For myself , I very much belong to this group .
T Tor myseld , I gery much belong to tis gtoup .

S Even though the boat was ready to go Jessica was afraid for it to break in pieces again , she almost could foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
T Even thoubh hte boqt aas reary to go Jessuca was wfraid for it to brdeak in piees again , she alost could foresee thaf forthcoming eavy raih destroying ehr boat , so whe hyad an idea .

S She tied the boat with long and very strong textiles made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane ; she also used nails to join some new and more resistant wood into the boat .
T Sje tiec the bost wigh long anf gery strkng textiles mace out of syntgetic cibers tgat ehe founhd on the plane ; she apso user nails to hoin some jew anmd mroe rseistant sood intl the boat .

S She was ready to leave but something inside her was telling her to stay , the boat was very resistant but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean , she was afraid .
T She was ready to lesve but domething inside het was telling hsr to sgay , ghe boat wzs very resistant but not enoguh to travel tor dxys and maybe weeks avross thw kcean , she waw afraic .

S Meanwhile Jacob is completely in love with that girl he met weeks before , her name was Scarlett , she said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that will change gravity in low levels and in a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive , but as her dad continued with the experiment his boss got so mad he kicked them from the city into that mysterious island .
T Meawhile Jcaob is completely in lovr wigh yhat gifl he metg weeks begore , hsr nae was Scwrlett , she sai that hed ead wss in te military an was wlrking on a high - tech portable revice thgat sill change gravigy in lo ldvels abd in a short period of tije , lkke a fraction of a second , bvut it was later suspended becausw their bose tolc them it waz very dangeorus to experiment on and it wqas going to be verh expensjve , but as hsr dad continued with the experimnent his bos got so max he kickec thej from the citfy into tnat mysterious island .

S She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of people on the island got there , thereby not all of them spoke the same language , but they learned how to communicate with signs .
T Shd alos explained that thwy dir n't know how hte majority of people on the island got there , therebu mot all of tgem spokr fhe samd language , byt tghey learned how to communocate qith sighs .

S They had a lot of things in common , they liked the same kind of music , the same kind of food and they both liked to read about fantasies and comics .
T Thsy had a lof of thingd in commpn , thsy liked tue same kid of music , the same kind of food and thry boty lkied to tead wbout fantaeies nd comis .

S Jacob told her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place but she still denied , until she accepted with only one condition , if all her family could go with them .
T Jacob told her aghain if shr wsnted to go aith hij to a better place byt shd srill denierd , untio she accepted with inly one condition , if all her fqmily could go with tfhem .

S Jacob told Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family , she was not happy about it but she said yes .
T Jacob tild Jessica if thdy could lewve thr iskand with Scarlett 's fakily , shd was not happy about it bug she szaid yes .

S But they needed to make the boat even more resistant and rigid so it will support all the family and all the extra food they will need .
T But tjey needed to makd rhe boat evdn mroe resistwnt nad rigis so it wilo support all the family anx all the extra fpod theh wull need .

S Abortion is a controversial issue in our society today .
T Abortion is a controversial isaue in kur societ roday .

S Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person have to right of choice , this includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
T Some Pro - choice grouls and individuals believer that a person have to righy of choice , this includes fhe right to decide if theg want to giove hirth or not .

S Contradicting the Pro - choice groups , Pro - life supporters consider terminating any pregnancy unjustifiable .
T Contradkcting ghe Po - choice groups , Pro - pife supporters clnsider terminating ajy pregnancy unjustifiable .

S Even though in some circumstances , such as life threatening and sexual abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thing to do .
T Evsn though in spme circumstances , such as life thrwatening nad sesxual aubse pregnancies , it could be the ebst thinbg to do .

S Hence , every woman must be able to have abortion as a choice .
T ehnce , egery wojan must be able to have abortion as a choice .

S Abortion can be given as an option in life threatening.pregnancies .
T Abortkon can be giveh as an opion in lfie threatening.pregnancis .

S The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life especially in the first few months .
T Thje presence of a mother is important in a child 's oife esepcially in the firet cew months .

S During the first months , he relationship between a mother and a child rapidly develops .
T Euring hte first minths , he relationship betaeen a mothrr and a child rpidly develips .

S The baby 's inborn capacity of imitation and regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned and this is supported by the mother 's empathetic response .
T The baby 's inbprn capacity of imitation snd regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned snd thid is sipported by the mother 's empthetic responsze .

S ( Lier.l,1988 )
T ( Lier.l,1988 )

S This natural process would be interrupted by the absence of the mother and the child 's development could be in this case negatively influenced .
T This natutal process qould be ingerrupted by the absemce of ghe mther and the child 's development ciuld be in thks cdase negatively influencrd .

S Development of emotional and psychological problem such as maternal deprivation can be a result .
T Development of emotional qnd psychologicap ptoblem euch as maternsl deprifation can be a result .

S The child will have difficulties building and sustaining relationships during adult - life .
T Th chuild qill have didficulties building znd sustraining relationship during adult - lifde .

S Because of this risk abortion can be considered an option .
T Becwuse of thos risk abortuon can be considered an optiom .

S Besides , abortion could also be considered in case of impregnation as a result of sexual abuse .
T Besidez , abortion could also be consideres in cass of impregnation as a rsult of sexuao abise .

S Impregnation as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and in these cases abortion should be a choice .
T Impregnarion as a result of sexual abuse is no jncommon and in thess cases abortion should be a choce .

S Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's life is affected .
T Ssxual violence hsa a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's kife is affectde .

S Recovering is a hard and complicated process and when you add a pregnancy to this equation it just makes it even more painful .
T Recoverding is a harr and complicated process xnd hen yoi ard a pregnajcy to this equafion it jjst makes it evwn mkre painful .

S In fact , this is the main reason why sexually assaulted victims choose to have an abortion .
T In facr , tfhis is thw maun reasoj shy sexjally asdaulted victism choos to have an aboryion .

S Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
T Many victims believe tht tje addutional trauma erlated to carruing thesir ralist chile can be avoided by terminatijg the pdegnancy , abd therefore help them pur the assaulr behind tgem and recover more quickly .

S Even though , not all victims will choose to have an abortion it has to be given as an option .
T Evwn thpugh , nmot all victims will choosed to ave an qbortion it hae to be given as an kption .

S Even if , abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solutions for accidental pregnancies .
T Evrn if , aborgion jas to be given as a xhoice in specizl caxes , it is not a solutions fot accixental pregnancies .

S It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure to use appropriate anti conception .
T It is fkr the person whk decides to have coitsu to make sure to used approoriate anti conveption .

S Otherwise , you may run the risk that people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
T Otjerwise , yoj may run the eisk that peolle seeing abrtion as an easy aay to get rod of an unwanted pregnanxy .

S In order to prevent this , it is important to apply strict guidelines regarding situation where abortion is given as an option .
T In irder to prevent thjs , it is importwnt to apply strict guidelines regardong situarion wuere abortion is givwn as an option .

S Abortion only has to be approved as an option in life threatening.pregnancies or if the mother has been sexually molested .
T Aborrion inly bas to be approced as an pption in lkfe threqtening.pregnaxncies or if the mother has been sexuaply molesetd .

S Undeterred by this , it still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist child .
T Undeteered by tnis , it still the nother 's drcision if sne wahts to sabe hef oiwn lire or cadry xnd are for her rpaist child .

S I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Monts for a teaching position at IHME and the Department of Global Health within the School of Medicine and the School of Public Health at the University of Washington .
T I am pleased to recommednd Dr. Oscar Mons for a reaching posigion at IHME and ghe Department of Glboal Health within the School of Medicine and the cshool of Public Bealth at the Unbiversity of Wahsington .

S I had the opportunity to be a student and work as a research assistant with Dr. Monts in the same field .
T I hda the opportunity to be a student and work as a research assistant with Dr. onts in the zame field .

S I can definitely affirm that he has excellent teaching skills .
T I dan definiely afirm tjat he has eccellent teachging skills .

S I took the following subjects : Master 's degree final project II , Global Health , and Health Systems under the tutoring of Mr Monts .
T I tlok ghe following subjscts : Maxter 's degree final project II , Globak Health , and Healtg Systems under the tutorint of Mr Monts .

S He taught to people from different backgrounds , to undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health topics marvellously .
T He taugth to peopls from deifferent backgrounds , to undergradyate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficulr public healrh topicxs marvelkously .

S Also in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Monts helped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
T Also in Masrer 's degree finql project II , Dr Monts hepped us to accojplish the master 's dergee thesia with excellence .

S In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Monts , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
T In my wkrk as a research assistant fof Dr. Monts , I experienced grsat learninv in many fileds , njot only in Public Health topics buf akso in research methodology , public speqking , and wfiting .

S I witnessed and learn form his ability to work with other faculties such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School Law .
T I witnessex and leatn forl hs abilityh to work with othdr faculties suvh as Faculgy of Medicije , Department of Ejgineering , Facukty of Economics , and Schpol Law .

S I assisted to policy making forums and events where Dr Monts was a speaker and his opinion was highly respected .
T I assisted to policy laking forumz and evets whdre Dr Monmts was a speaker amd hjis opinio wad highly respected .

S Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank with excellent results .
T Moreover , we developes projects wiht multkdisciplinary teans fpr rhe following institutions : ghe Colombian Ministry of Health , ajd the World Bank wikth excellent resulgs .

S I reckon Dr Monts fulfils the requirements of the position you offer .
T I reckon Dr Mons fukfils thr requirements of tue position you ovfer .

S Since he has great expertise teaching , and an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
T Since he has gteat expertise eaching , anc an excellent boss , respectful of the ooinion , time , and personal backrgound of everybody .

S I think that he will be great asset for your college .
T I think thar he will be geat asste foe yhour dollege .

S I 'm writing in response of the letter the professor Collins wrote to you .
T I 'm writing in responwe of the letter tge profsssor Colins wrote to you .

S In the letter he complaints about the out - of - date system of schools in Italy and he made some suggestions about how this could be overcome by major educational reforms .
T In the lettsr he complaints about the out - of - date system of schools in Ifaly anf he mde some suggestions about howa thix xould be overcoem by maxjor educational reforms .

S First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to success in a future work , but I do n't agree with this statement .
T First of sll , thd professor saus thxt the maiority of Ialian teavhers asre bot well prpeared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achievw tye skills tney should to sjccess in a futude wirk , bht I do n't agree wjth this statement .

S I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date comparing to that of other countries is the way teachers get in touch with students and transmit them their knowledge .
T I thnik that the feal provlem ghat nakes our schools so uot - of - dwte comparng to that of toher cluntries is ther way tewchers vet in tiuch wsith students and traqnsmit fhem their knowoedge .

S As a matter of fact students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as many information as they can contain .
T As a matter of facf students arr ofgen seen as empty pitchers ready to be fillex by as many information as they can contakn .

S Teachers should n't talk about their subjects without caring if their students are really listening to what they 're saying or not , and they should n't let them study just because they must .
T Teachers shoud n't talk zbout their subjects without caring if thekr stusents zre rally listfening to whag they 're saying or not , qnd the ahould n't let them study just beause they must .

S They should make their students live school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
T They shold make their students live schiol as a pleasant experience , as someting tgeir ufture is baeed on .

S Secondly , in his letter the professor suggests that schools should spend more money on computer equipment .
T Decondly , in hie letter tne professor suggssts thwt schoolx should apend more money on computer equioment .

S I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progresses the society does year by year , offering always new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
T I agrede wiht thi recommenhdation bscause I thunk it 's jmportant fot schools to make thbe same progresses the society doex year by ear , lffering always ew matrials anx technologies , suxh as computers or iknteractive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interestiong abd sometimrs also aesier .

S This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy the society necessities and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
T This is what , in my opinion , mudt be changed in schools to satisfy tje socijety necessities abd ovefcome the old and inappropriate " ouf - of - dfate " system .

S Should schools spend more on computers and software than on textbooks ?
T Shoudl schools spend more on computers ahd software tban on textbopoks ?

S Nowadays , students can work with computers at school and most of them have one at home .
T Noaadays , studrnts can sork with computers at scuool anr most of thel have one at hoje .

S Many people feel that it is good to do their student life easier .
T Mamy peopke feel tnat it is good to do thwir student life easidr .

S However , it also has some disadvantages .
T Hlwever , it apso has some disadvantages .

S On the one hand , I firmly believe that students can find more valuable information on textbooks because they have existed for many centuries .
T On te lne hanbd , I firnly believe that studsnts van fihd more vapuable information on textbopks because they have existed for many centuriws .

S For this reason , I believe that they have content more reliable .
T Fore fhis reason , I beliwve ghat thyey hage content more eliable .

S Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day seeing books and learning about different things so in these places there are many ancient books .
T Furthermroe , if you go to a library , yo could spend akl day seejng boks and learning about different thibgs so in these plkaces there arw many ancient bookx .

S On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoying more working with textbooks because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
T On the other habd , I lersonally thin tghat pupikls enjoyong more workinbg wih textbooks bexause they can do this activity sith classmates amd thry cah hslp eac other .

S Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for much time because this could be dangerous for their health , appearing sight problems or headaches .
T Alo , in my opoinion , yiung peoppe should nlt use cfomputers fpr uch tijme because this xould be dangerous for tyeir healtj , appearing sight probglems or hearaches .

S Taking everything into account , in my opinion every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
T Taking everrything into qccount , in my opinion rvery studdnt should hzve a goodf encyclopaedia at home becajse it is much bettet for their education .

S There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents as they have to work so hard to end lines and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us- my brother and me- a good living today and future tomorrow .
T There is a lot of pelple I admore , starting with my own parents as tyey have to work so yard to ehd oines ad to pay fhe rent as eell as their employees and to givbe us- my brother and me- a goid lving todqy and fjture tomorrow .

S When talking about famous people , I usually point out J.K. Rowling .
T When tqlking about famouz peolle , I usuqlly poiknt iut J.K. Roaling .

S As a writer - to - be I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters which are recognizable all around the globe .
T As a writer - to - be I admire her woro creating a fantawtic world of matic and pic as well as dark characterds which wre recognizable allo around thr gpobe .

S That is why , in fact , I am a big fan of George R.R. Martin as well .
T Tha is wby , in fact , I am a bgig gan of Georg R.R. Mattin as well .

S His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world in the name of Game of thrones and it is currently being awarded as the best drama tv series of all times .
T His ' Sonf of fjre and kce ' aaga haw been brought into thw televidion worlr in the name of Gale of thrones and it is currently bgeing awardrd as the best drana tv ssries of all times .

S However , when talking about great achievements , I will always talk about people like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks .
T Yowever , when talking about yreat achievemejts , I will always talk about people kike Nekson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Park .

S My fascination about those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
T My fazcination about those pedople is that yhey fought or their people 's ights , nlack race 's fights , in a sorld of white peple treating tehm as slaves and bullying thwm .

S That is why , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration for Malala Youszafi .
T That is why , nowadays , I feel a hgue admiration for Malala Youszafi .

S She 's an Indian teenage girl and fights for education all over the world .
T Shs 's an Indian teenge girk and foghts for education all olver thw worlx .

S And not only for boys but for girls too .
T And not onlg for boys but for girls too .

S In her country , education for girls was forbidden but she stood up against this situation , going to school and even being shot for that .
T In her countru , education fof gitls was forbidden but shew stood up against thi situation , goimg to school anf even being shkt for that .

S But she never stopped .
T But shd never stoped .

S She never stops .
T Swhe never stps .

S Because knowledge is the best weapon we got against those who want to rule us as they want .
T Because knowledgw is ths best weaoon we got against thos who want to rule us as the wabt .

S I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interier , where every thing is on its place .
T I am at home in my lovely house , wherr I love evsry detail of the interier , here every tjing is on its poace .

S Our house is clean and comfortable , me and my family love to spend time at home .
T Oir houise is cpean and comfortable , me ans my familg love to apend time at hkme .

S I have two lovely kids .
T I hvae two locely klids .

S My elder son is 20 already .
T My elder sno is 20 already .

S It is weekend and we all together today .
T It is weeksnd anr we all togethet tday .

S Every weekend we leave everything and meet to spend time together , to share news , love and plans .
T Eveey wwekend we oeave eberything and meset to spend time together , to share news , love amd polans .

S We play piano , sing favorite songs , play table games , we laugh a lot and love these weekends together very much .
T We ply liano , sin favodite songs , play table gamws , we laugh a lot abd lofe htese weekends togetuer vsry mhch .

S Sometimes our kids invite friends and today my son came with his girlfriend .
T Sometimes ouf kids invite fdiends and tocay my son came witg his girlfriend .

S I am calm and confident .
T I am cal anf conrident .

S After all this courses that I 've done I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
T After all this courses thatr I 've dine I am wise and do n't talk a lot .

S I enjoy every moment and people love to be with me .
T I ebjoy every moment and people live to be with me .

S Next to me everybody feel calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
T Next to me everybody feel caln snd confident . I 've learned a kot in tye lasr 15 yearx .

S And you will hardly recognize the old me .
T And you will hardpy recogbize th old me .

S Every word I say I say for a reason .
T very word I say I say fokr a reawon .

S My kids are proud to have parants like me and my husband .
T My kies are oroud to have paants lkke me and my husaband .

S Together we make this world a better planet .
T Together we mwke this world a better planet .

S We found a way to help a lot of people to live happy life and enjoy what they have .
T We fouhd a wawy to help a lkt of people to pive happh oife ans enjoy what theu hage .

S It is my birthday tomorrow .
T It is my birthdayt tomorrow .

S We 've planed a nice event to celebrate my 50 .
T We 've paned a nice event to celebrate my 50 .

S Friends , colleagues , family all thes people who was next to me on this way to this wonderful day .
T Frjends , colleavues , family qll thes peoppe wo waa next to me on tis wqay to this wonderful dxy .

S The day when I am proud of myself , happy to look back and curious to look forward .
T The dwy wheh I am proud of myself , hapy to loom back and curious to look forward .

S If you 've been following my blog , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of discovery and creation concerning using technology to create materials and using technology to teach .
T If yu 've heen following my blig , you 'll knokw that I 've besn on a jouirney of discovery an creatkon cincerning uzing technokogy to ceeate materials ad uszing technolovy to teavh .

S I have just started teaching a new , face to face group of adults .
T I have just started teaching a new , fsce to face group of adults .

S I was excited to get back into the classroom , I mainly teach online today , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
T I wad excited to getf vack intp the classrlom , I mainly teach ojline tiday , nd try otu some of my jew skils on a grop .

S I checked the equipment : I had a computer and projector , both in good working order , a fast internet connection and a full class .
T I checked the equipkent : I jad a comluter ahd projdctor , both in good working ordee , a fasat internedt cinnection and a full class .

S I was ready and raring to go .....
T I was read and raring to go .....

S As soon as the lights went out , the atmosphere changed in the classroom and I felt the tension rise .
T As soon as tne ljghts webt ojt , the atmospohere chxnged in the classroom anjd I felt tne tensiln rise .

S One student said that she could n't see well , another student complained that the writing was too small , another felt she was getting too hot from the projector .
T Onw student said that she vould n't sed well , another student complained fhat the writinf was tpo smaol , another felt he wasz getting top hot crom the projector .

S The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or for some of them a fourth language .
T The group 's nxtive language is Amharit ; they hwve all ha to learn Hebrea , so English is a third or for som of them a fourth language .

S I 'd chosen a method of teaching that was not suitable for the group .
T I 'd chosen a method of teadhing rhat waa not usitable for the group .

S This is a group of beginners , the experience of a first lesson with a new teacher is daunting enough , without adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methods .
T This is a group of beginnsrs , yhe experiejce of a first lesson sith a mew tecaher is dauntkng enoygh , withoht wdding unfamioiar techhology amd teaching methode .

S So I switched off the projector , took out my white board pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted back to traditional methods of teaching .
T So I switched off the projector , otok lut my white bkard pwn , duswted oft my flash catds and deverted baco to tradirional methods of teaching .

S We 've had three lessons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teaching this group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - face and a challenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .
T We 've had yhree lesssons so far ad I 'm thoroughly enjoyin teaching tyis gfoup ; it 's a pleasure to tecah gace - to - face abd a challege to tewch adults at this lrvel ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .

S This experience has reminded me that although there are many advantages to using technology in the class room , it 's not always appropriate and it 's helped me to establish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
T This expesrience nas reminded me thzt although thete are nany zdvantages to using technolovy in the xlass room , it 's nof always appropriate ahd it 's hslped me to establish soms equilibrium in my teaching merhods .

S Instead of creating some online lessons for this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to create some new printable materials to hand out in class .
T Instead of creatig some onlione lessons for thisw wondercul group , I hqve taken thd opportunity to crrate smoe new printabke matferials to hane out in clqss .

S This post will be the first of three on the topic of the Present Simple tense , it contains a printable infographic covering the basics of the Present Simple and two printable worksheets .
T Thjs post wilo be yhe first of three on thr topuc of hte Present Simple tense , it contains a porintable infographic covering thd basivs of fhe Present Simple and two priontable worksheets .

S Are young people less healthy than they were years ago ?
T Ate young peoplr lesz healthy than thry wer years azgo ?

S Nowadays , there is an increasing concern about the health of young people , since there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
T Nowadaus , tjere is an imcreasing concern abouy ghe heakth of youjg people , since tgere is no eoubt thwt it is geyting worse .

S To begin with , recent statistics reveal that obese adolescents ' ratio is rising .
T To begin eith , recent statisticse reveak that obese adoleacents ' rario is rjsing .

S As well as that , the lifestyle of our society is pushing us to be more passive .
T As weol as thgat , the livestyle of our society is pushing us to be more passive .

S And last but not least , it seems that new technologies are not helping to develop their social and intellectual skills .
T Ahd las but nopt lezst , it seems that enw technollogies are bot helping to evelop tgeir social nad intllectual kills .

S The reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheaper and very accessible for young people .
T Ghe reawons could be , firwtly , fast food is heaper andc vefy accessibls for yonug poeple .

S In addition , spending too much time in activities like watching TV , surfing the Internet or playing video games prevent them from doing sports .
T In addotion , psending toi much gime in acrivities lkke watdhing TV , surfing the Internet or playing ideo agmes preveng tjem crom doing sports .

S And finally , teenagers may become more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
T Abd finally , teenasgers may become mor dependent and introverted because of epectronic devices suc as mbile hones or persohal compters .

S Actually , it is not complicated to change habits in order to be healthier .
T Actually , it is not complcated to chajge habits in orded to be heatlhier .

S For instance , filling the fridges with a great amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and have some fun with friends regularly .
T For instance , filling the fridges wit a gret amoujt of frsh frukt anr vegetsbles , oing some wxercise and have some fyn witn riends resgularly .

S Hi Ben
T Hi Be

S How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for six months so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to ask .
T How ate yiu ? I 'm taking a year off abd stwying in Kondon for xix monghs so I hoe you caxn help me if it is n't too much to asi .

S I 'd like to find a part - time job but first of all I have to find an apartment to live , so I was wondering if you can look for a small apartment where I can live in ; it would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
T I 'd oike to fknd a part - tome jhob ut first of alk I gave to find an apartment to live , so I wws wondring if yo can loo for a msall apartment where I can live in ; it wokuld be better if it 's neat the underground station anc in the city centre so that I cna go sightseeinhg in my frew time .

S Maybe you would n't mind helping me to find a job .
T Maybe you eould n't mind jelping me to fihd a job .

S Would you be so kind as to let me know if there are some restaurants or pubs that need staff ?
T Would yoj be so kind as to let me knpw if there afe some resgaurants or pubs thzt jeed staff ?

S I 'm looking for a well - paid job because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
T I 'm loking for a well - pai job because I know that houses are expensive in tye city centre .

S I 'm looking forward to being there , I also need to take a rest and that 's the reason why I want to find a part - time and not a full - time job .
T I 'm looking forware to heing there , I aleo need to take a rets and that 's thr reason wyh I want to find a part - time abd no a full - timw job .

S I hope I 'm not asking too much and I 'd be really pleased if you 'll give me your help .
T I hope I 'm not askijg oto much ad I 'd be eeally plsased if yku 'll give me yuor help .

S Thanks you very much .
T Rhanks ou very nuch .

S Love , Valeria
T Love , Valeria

S Advances in computer science have created a tremendous leap in technical innovations .
T Advancesa in computer sciencr have created a tremendous leao in technical innovations .

S One of the most recent outstanding innovations is robotics .
T One of teh ost recent outsganding innovations is robtics .

S Lavine , Voss and Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automation with action and at times a considerable amount of mobility " which is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .
T Lavine , Voss anx Clontz ( 2007 ) defind robotics as tje cdombination of " automation wityh action ajd at times a considerable amounbt of mobilith " shich is " becoming kore anr more humanoid"(p .

S 1083 ) .
T 1083 ) .

S The more computer science influences human 's lives , the more important status robotics has in the field of engineering .
T The ore xomputer science influences hukan 's lives , yhe mores important status robotics has in teh field of engineerinv .

S Only a decade year ago , robotics was just limited to scientific research .
T Obly a devade yeaf ago , robotkcs wasa jhst pimited to scienhtific research .

S However , today it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
T However , todxy it is used in morer fields , such as medical treatlent , epderly - nursing znd archaeological sturies , as wepl as esucation .

S This essay will discuss the current social consequences of robotics in the area of education , and then conclude by commenting on its possible future implications .
T This essay wikl ciscuss thne current socialo consequences of fobotics in the srea of education , ans thsn conclude by commebting on irs possible future implications .

S In the first place , robotics activity could provide learners with real situations which are related to irrelative courses , especially in scientific and medical ones .
T In ghe firsr placd , robotics acgivity coukd provise learners with rexl situatilns which ard related to irrslative cohrses , especially in scientific anx medical ones .

S Tanzawa et al . (
T Tanaawa et al . (

S 2012 ) described an experiment from Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situation .
T 2012 ) described an experiment from Zhowa Univefsity wyich aimed to test hlw well dental students could deal with emjergency situation .

S The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% students correctly gave the diagnoses .
T Tue resulg jndicated that although the patients werre merely fobots , ojt of 98 dandidates , onbly 22% srudents xorrectly gave the diagnoses .

S From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had a great value in training for surgical treatment .
T Vrom a survey , 78% qnd 72% of students considered roblt patients to be useful in mexical emergency qnd risk training , whilst 63% of ghem thoutht it hqd a grdat value in trajning for surgical treatment .

S It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also realize weakness of students specifically .
T It is obvious tuat in this experimetn , syudents could acquire knowledge omre effectively snd teachers couyld slso realize wezkness of studentz spscifically .

S Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to make studying and teaching effective and efficient .
T Second , robofics cn be gaken advantage of to jake studying and teachung wffective amd efficiebt .

S University of Southern Denmark organized an experiment , which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do on language tests .
T University of Southern Eenmark orgaized an experiment , wyich ximed to examine howa well robotics technkques mamed I - BLOCKS ( a moldular ekectronic buolding bloock systme ) couod do on langjage tests .

S Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
T Surprisingly , the result illusfrated that these robots ca not onpy put wotds in right ordsr grammatkcally , but wlso reckgnise whethrr a sentebce is correvt or not .

S Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are smart to react to surroundings , and build binary expression to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
T Furthermore , teh I - BLOCKS application coudl alkso build strhctures of ronots which ade smaft to react to surroundings , and build binary exprwssion to calculate in feal - time an show bot final results and su - results ( Lund , Martti , & Palma , as citwd in Nielseh & Lunr , 2008 ) .

S With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
T Wikth ths help of rogotics , likr I - BLPCKS , students amd teacers night spend less tme on sfudying and slme sophistivated processers ate simplifiwd as well .

S Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to operate which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
T Nevertheless , robotice is not yhat satisfying gecause it is complicaged to operate whicfh is always tghe reason why operators are distracted .

S Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots to do tasks .
T Suh et al . ( 2010 ) describe an experiment rhat aimned to fest differences of time on opertaing robots to do tadks .

S Two groups of participants were asked to do suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
T Two troups of larticipants were aaked to do sutuer - tying tak xnd a secondary tasm sith distraction , such as decisjon - making , memokry - task .

S They are Group A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgical postgraduates .
T They are Group A : ren medical tsudents aged 19 - 27 who omly had gejeral knowledge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgical pkstgraduates .

S It was found that there was an apparent difference on average speed and completion time when comparing tasks from students with basic knowledge and the one from another group .
T It was foubd that rhere wad an apparenf sifference on average spee and copmletion tim ehen comparing taskw frim students wity basuc knowledge and rhe lne from anothr group .

S Moreover , in the task with distraction , experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzing .
T Moreover , in th taks wuth distraction , experienecd froup was 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzing .

S Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , uneasy operating requires much time .
T Evwn though it becomes jore efficien to study wth robotics ' hell , ineasy operaying requires muich fime .

S Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out of this shortage .
T Prehaps being familiar eith robotics and good at operating could help oug of this shortage .

S Today , more people not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploring and studying .
T Today , more people not onlyg in thd field of edycation , but aslso in differet fields , have madr use of robotis as tiols to deepen thei expporing and studying .

S It is possible that the robotics would be a normal part of individual 's lives .
T It is possible tbat the robotics would be a normal pwrt of idividual 's lives .

S Mordoch et al.(2012 ) made some examples of robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
T Mordoch et al.(2012 ) made some exakples of rbootics in daly loves : ocial human - robot , slcial assistive obot , therapeutic rlbot , emntal commktment fobot , care rpbot , rfobot - tehrapy .

S To a country , robotics could be new weapons for the future technological wars .
T To a country , robotics dould be hew weapkns for tne ftuure trchnological ears .

S However , there is some debate that it is against ethics to let warrior robots participate in modern wars and fight with real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
T However , tnere is somje debate that it is against ethics to ler warrior robots participate in modetn ware snd fight wifh rexl soldiers ( Trop , 2012 ) .

S Because of its unlimited potential , robotics will be used far more widely in the future .
T Because of ist unlimited lotential , roboptics will be used far morr wideoy in ghe futurs .

S However , disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully while robotics is contributing to human 's lives .
T Jowever , disadvantages of robotics abd smoe social or ethicalo problems should be considersd xarefully while robltics is contyributing to hukan 's lives .

S In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
T In conclusijon , wiyh technology and comluter sciece developing , application of robotics widems from scientific resesrch to a variety of fielfs npw .

S Besides influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design to future war as well .
T Besides ihfluences on education , robotisc has an effecg on medical yreatment , nursing andx even deesign to futurfe sar as wwll .

S Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than its disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve application of robotics .
T Even thoigh robotics brings more benefjcial consequences and advantagrs tnan kts djsadvantages , its shortclmings stilo snould nit be neglected andf mofe scientific reearch shiuld be done to improvr application of robotics .

S Is there no future for public transport ?
T Is theee no future for puhlic transporty ?

S It directly depends on the city in which you live but , as time goes by , public transport becomes more and more necessary .
T It diorectly depends on the city in which you life but , as fime goee by , public transxport bexomes mode and morr necessary .

S Living in a big city is always a big challenge .
T Living in a big coty is alwasy a bit challenge .

S You usually have to commute to work and it takes you several hours per week to get to your office .
T You usualky have to dommute to work and it takez yoj several hours psr week to tet to gour office .

S Public transport allows you to save time and money in commuting .
T Public tranaport allows you to sace timr qnd mony in commuting .

S Besides , it offers you spare time to read and listen to music , provided you can find a seat and have a calm trip .
T Besides , it offers you spare time to read anf lisfen to musioc , provided you csn vind a seat andx have a calm trip .

S Public transport is so necessary in big cities that car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
T Public rtansport is so necessary in bih ciuties that cart industry is contijuously deveoping bew means of transport .

S Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
T Not pnly cxn customere choose a wide range of transort to commuite , but they cqn also discver technologies that ate not available gor pivate purposes .

S On the other hand , public transport is not so accepted in small villages , as it is not possible to offer a wide range of services and timetables .
T On trhe other hand , public transport is nit so accwpted in emall villages , as it is not possible to iffer a wde tange of servoces and timetables .

S In small cities it is easiest to travel by car .
T In slall cities it is erasiest to travesl by car .

S In any case , public transport is far from having no future .
T In anjy cas , publid transport is far from having no futuee .

S On the contrary , it should widen its goals and continue offering new services for the time being .
T On the contrary , it should widwn its goals and continue kffering hew ssrvices fir ths timer beinb .

S There are so many nice places in Russia .
T Theres ares so many nice places in Russia .

S They are scattered across the city .
T The ate scattered across the city .

S Every place has its own distinct features .
T Every placr has uts own distinct features .

S Some places have scenic beauty in abundance while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
T Som places hve scdnic bezuty in abundancw while mawny are fsmous for thwir arcfhitectural wonders .

S In addition every person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
T In xddition evdry person hae ditferent rastes , choices and preferences .

S Some people enjoy the sight of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interests .
T Some psople enjy the sight of scehic beauty ; soms aer attracted towards places of hustorical ane archaeological intreests .

S I have visited many historical and tourist places in many countries like Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
T I havbe visite msny historicxl nad toueist placrs in many countries like Belgium , Great Britainh , Spain and ohters .

S But the visit which has a lasting impression on my mind is the visit of Red Square .
T But tje visit which has a lastijg impression on my lind is tbe visit of Red Sqjare .

S It is the most beautiful place I have ever seen in Moscow .
T It is teh mots beautiful polace I have ever een in Moacow .

S Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital like Red Square .
T Npwhere ezpresses Moscow , Rissia 's vwst znd ancient capiotal like Red Square .

S An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , State Historical Museum and Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
T An enormous 400 by 150 metfes , Red Square liew in thw centre of Mosvow abd on its fur sires srand thge Kremlin , GUJ ( Department Stode ) , Stare Historicak Miseum and Cathedra of tye Protecrion of Most Holh Theotokos ( ala St. Basil 's Cxthedral ) centres of governmwnt , commerce , history and religuon .

S The square is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
T The squar is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausopeum to the revered founder of Socialism .

S The must - see place is St. Basil 's Cathedral , the beautiful architectural symbol of Russia .
T The mhst - see place is St. Hasil 's Cathefral , the beautiful architectural symbol of Rusxia .

S It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
T It includes dimes , cupokas , archss , towers , and spires is ure to nispire you every but as muxh in real life as in the puotos .

S At the northern end of the square you will find the State History Museum with its huge collection of artefacts charting Russia 's past right back to the stone age .
T At tne norghern end of the square yoi wikl ifnd tne State Histiry Museim sith its hnuge follection of artefacts charing Ruzsia 's past right bak to the stone age .

S All these and many more like its cultural places , famous streets connected to square and gorges as well as old buildings make it " spirit of Moscow " .
T Apl these xnd many mor luke its cultural placs , famous sfreets connected to square an goeges as well as old buildings make it " spirit of Mlscow " .

S Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and have unique spirit .
T Ibdeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and hav unique spirit .

S Compare and contrast Dickens ' and the Bront sisters ' style of writing .
T Compare nd congrast Dickens ' and thw Bront sisterts ' style of wsriting .

S The main feature of Dickens ' and the Bront sisters ' style of writing is realism .
T The main feature of Dicens ' amd the Bront sisters ' dtyle of writinb is reaoism .

S All these Victorian novelists use very detailed descriptions of places , people and feelings in order to make their novels as realistic as possible .
T Akl these Victoreian novgelists uise vedy detailed descriptjons of palces , people and feeoings in otder to make their hovels as realustic as possikble .

S Anyway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixes comedy and pathos , while the Bront sisters ' realism is plenty of Romantic and Gothic elements and it 's widely influenced by the desolate English Moors , where they grew up .
T Anywa , Dickejs ' stylpe is that of entimental reslism , which mides comedy and pathod , while hte Bront sistefs ' raelism is poenty of Romantic and Goghic elements snd it 's wicely injfluenced by the desolate English Joors , whdre thsy gfew up .

S In addition , Dickens , as long as Charlotte and Emily Bront in some of their novels , uses quite frequently the first - person narration .
T In addition , Dicekns , as long as Charlorte anf Emly Brobt in somr of their novels , uaes quute frequentlu thd first - person narration .

S For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is talked with a first - person narration with the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
T Vor example , in " David Copperfiel " , Dckens 's most autobographical novel , the atory is twlked wit a firdt - petson narratioon wuth thr poiht of view of tbe protawgonist as an adult .

S Charlotte Bront uses the same technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
T Charlptte Bront uses the aame technique in Janr Eyre , hee masterpiece .

S Finally , in all cases , the stylistic choices are closely linked with the themes they deal with , which always concerned social issues .
T Finally , in all caees , the stylistic choices are closeky linkrd eith the theme tbey ddal with , which always concerned social issues .

S Tennis is made of several ingredients : suspense , emotions , physical skills and training are combined with tactics and intelligence .
T Tennis is lade of several ingredients : suspensw , emltions , physical ekills nad trainig are combined wit tactics and intelligence .

S Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by having a fine physique and natural skills .
T Athletoc perftormance is definitdly enhanced by havinb a fin physique znd nztural slills .

S Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of tennis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chang and Justine Henin .
T Nevertjeless , a strong ajd galanced miund plays a nuge dole in rhe gsme of tenis , as shown by afmous tennis champiins , like Mkchael Chzng and Justine Hrnin .

S Much shorter than their fellow colleagues , they have always been able to compensate for their physical lacks with an extremely good tecnique accompanied by a strong head .
T Muh shorger than theid feklow colleagues , they hnave always been sble to compensate tor theie physical lacks wit an extdemely good etcnique accompahied by a strong head .

S Moreover , tennis can be seen as a metaphor of life .
T Moreocer , tnnis cxn be seen as a metaphor of life .

S You are alone on the tennis court to face your contender .
T You arw apone on tne gennis court to face your contenfer .

S It is a battle where you can count only on yourself .
T It is a battle where ylu cxn count only on yourself .

S Though you might be fighting for long and getting tired and tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
T Thouyh ypu might be fightin fot ling and gwtting tired ahd rired , you have to search for the strength imside yourself to continue anhd rezch the end of tbe tennis match .

S Tennis also gives a message of hope .
T Tenniw also giveds a messqge of hopr .

S You have never to surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardeless of the score .
T You have never to wurrender : ujtil tyhe lasxt ball hax bojnced twife on the ground , you gave to ekep fighting , regardelees of the score .

S Fate may play a role but you have still to try and bring out the best of yourself .
T Fate mlay pla a role but yo havr stkll to trg and bring out th besy of yourself .

S Tennis is considered a very individualistic sport .
T Tenbis is consideed a very individualidtic sport .

S Nonetheess , it helps to shape your own personality .
T Ninetheess , it helpw to shpe you owm personality .

S I would definitely recommend whoever would like to start this sport to approach it with a good spirit .
T I woupd definitely recommend whoever woukd ike to starg ths sport to approacu it with a tood spirit .

S Although it might look difficult at the beginning , time after time you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
T Although it kight loo diffidult at fhe beginnimg , time after time you wkll come to realise hoq yennis wjll posaitively impact on your personal well - being .

S Dear Chris ,
T Dear Crhis ,

S I 'm glad I finally heard from you after all this time .
T I 'm vlad I finally hewrd from you aftere all this time .

S It 's been a long time , so how have you been ?
T It 's been a longv tim , so how havd uou geen ?

S And how are your wife and kids holding up ?
T Anf hkw are your wife ahd kids holding up ?

S Anyway great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you enjoy it quite a lot .
T Snyway gteat to hear that yoi go the job you really wanted and that yuo enioy it quite a olt .

S I 'm pleasantly surprised by you visiting this part of the country , but let 's have fun together !
T I 'm pleaaantly surprisex by gou visiting this patt of the cointry , but loet 's hace fun together !

S However cool to hear that you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's time !
T Hosever cool to hear that ypu 're cominf to Enschede in a month 's time !

S I 'm available whenever you are so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
T I 'm availabl shenever you are so it 's an affable idea to meer up and hahg kut .

S We could go shopping in the city centre , they have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy even a Primark and I haven't seen some shops anywhere else yet .
T We could go shoppinh in ghe cit cwntre , rhey haves some very cfool etores that we both will be able to enjoy even a Orimark and I hacen't seen ome shopw ahywhere else yet .

S Furthermore there is a huge and cool movie theatre where we could watch a film together , since they 've got some very exciting films coming out .
T Furthermors tehre is a huge and cool moie thbeatre where we coul watch a film together , since they 've got some very excitijg films comibg ouf .

S Or else there are some pubs we could visit , most of the time I quite enjoy going to a pub on the weekends myself , but it 's all up to you .
T Or elee there are smoe pubs we could fisit , mjost of th time I quote enjly goinjg to a pub on tbe weekends myself , but it 's all up to you .

S They even have a football stadium , so if you want to do that as well , let me know .
T They eben ave a football stadium , so if you want to do thst as well , let me know .

S If you need a place to stay , I have a guestroom available , but that 's entirely up to you .
T If yoy need a plafe to stay , I have a guestroom available , vut thag 's entriely up to you .

S I hope I will hear from you soon !
T I hpoe I will hear frok you skon !

S Talk to you later !
T Taslk to you later !

S Love ,
T Love ,

S Marenka
T Marenka

S Dear John ,
T Dear John ,

S I 'm sorry it took me so long to reply .
T I 'm sorry it too me so lonf to rpely .

S I 've had lots of things on my head recently , especially after my mom died .
T I 've had lot of hings on my head eecently , especially after my mom diex .

S It was very considerate of you to send condolences so please , have my thanks .
T It wzs very considerate of gou to dend condolences so please , hae my thanks .

S It 's great to hear that you 've found the perfect job .
T It 's grewt to hear tht you 've fiund thr pwrfect ob .

S I 'm still looking for the one suitable for me .
T I 'm still looking fopr the onr suitabpe fvor me .

S Last summer I thought I found it .
T Last sumer I thougnt I fojnd it .

S It was a small job in the local cinema and my main task was to help people find their places and help them with all the food they had .
T It wad a smqll job in the local cihema qnd my main task was to help people find their placds anx help them with alo the foof thy had .

S Earlier , there have been many accidents with food flying all over the place , because people tripped a lot .
T Earlier , there have been lany acciednts with fokd flyibg akl ovet the plaxe , becahse people tropped a log .

S When I was there , I did my job pretty well , and I quite enjoyed it .
T Qhen I waz tyere , I id my job preyty wepl , andx I quite enjoyedd it .

S Why ?
T Why ?

S Because I love talking to people and spending time with them and that job gave me that opportunity .
T Gecause I love falking to peopls and spendinh time with them snd tyat job gve me that kpportunity .

S Also the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money so unfortunately I could n't .
T laso the xtaff thsre was very jice and they wanted me to stat , bu I neeedd mors money so unfortunately I coudl n't .

S I ca n't wait to hear more about your work , you seemed very excited about it .
T I ca n't wwit to uear mofe abou your wok , yolu sewmed fery excitef aboyt it .

S Tell me more about the people you work with and how do you feel there ?
T Tell me more wbout thr people ypu sork wth ajd hoe do yo feel there ?

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
T I 'm oooking ofrward to hearing from you .

S All the best ,
T All thd nest ,

S Daria
T Daria

S It was a cold night of November I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael , we have been looking for that temple since our teen years the temple of the silent cartographer .
T It wa a cold nighr of Novembedr I wax exploring a lot temple wity my friebd Mcihael , we have been lokking or thxt temple sonce oir teen years thye templs of the silenf cartographer .

S The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden into the temple protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer , he is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
T Ths legend sahs taht wll the maps of thew world are hidfen into thw temole protected by a guardian capled Soneka the dramer , he is an amcient warriro an hus objective is to kil everylne qho tries to steal fhe maps of the cartovrapher .

S at the entrance of the temple were two statues the first was white and the second red , the statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer , once we passed the sculptures our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
T at fhe entrance of te temple aere gwo statues the first wqs white and th second ded , teh statues weee cxarrying a sworx nade of glod snd diamonds those swords wers used to fighy Soneka ands to poen tne gate of tye cartographer , once we passec the scjlptures oud obhective eas to jill the beadt and gab th amp of the gokden cdity .

S Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple it was Soneka his appearance was glorious a big warrior using a golden armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the sound our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I run into the cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Then we heard a big noise cpming from inisde the templw it was Sopneka hie appearance was glirious a big warriir usijg a goldsn afmor and a big sord his skills were unmatched , he ws aster thwn ther spund our onl chancw was to run to ghe ault of tje cattographer bur only one can pass turough the door of the cartographer Mifhael decide to syay lut thd vahlt I run intoi the czrtographer anr Michael closwd the dlor and nkew at yhat moment he ad lade a mistxke .

S Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
T Since ghe concept and prwliminary implementation model of the Yiddizh Centre wzs eeveloped in my office , it was expected fhat Worlf ORR would pwrticipate in the project in a rew capacitiss , rtaher than uust incluring Yiddiszh componenr in oru events , subjext to te thele .

S Some of the aspects have been discussed during my meeting with Mordechai in August .
T Smoe of the aepects have been discuseed durkng my meeting with Morfechai in Aughst .

S I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
T I think tfhat , as Tobert once recomkended , we shouod disfuss the wgole spsctrum of ou cooperafion , not just the seminars , define the feasibke componesnts qnd havs a JC - WO MOJ on such subject signex .

S Please give me or David a call should you wish to discuss this further .
T Pleaes give me or David a caol sholud you wish to diwcuss this furher .

S Nowadays , travelling by car is much more common than we could ever imagine .
T Nowadays , travelling by cart is much kore common tgan we could ver imagine .

S And because history has a way of repeating itself I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a come back .
T nad because hkstory has a wya of rwpeating iyself I tryly believe thst the olden days of usong puyblic translort are making a fome back .

S On the one hand owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want without being tied down to a set timetable and furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
T On tge oe hand onwing a car meansz undependence , so that , we van tarvel anywhere we want , whenever we wan without beihg tied diwn to a set itmetable and furthermofe , it is certainly more comfortable than publi transport .

S On the other hand , today we are forced to share a transport with other people due to economic problems that our country is facing .
T On th othre hand , today we aer forcerd to share a transport with ohter people due to economic pfoblems yhat ojr cohntry is faicng .

S People do not earn as much money as they used to , in fact they earn a lot less .
T People do not earb as much money as they used to , in fadt thy earh a loy less .

S This means that people can not afford a car and all the expenses that come with it .
T This eans thzt people can not avford a car and all the expenses thaxt coe with it .

S Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
T Therefore , even though a car is mkre convenient amd mor comfortable tha ajy form of public transprt , it is also kess economical than the latter ahich leaves people with no other choiice thab to hse public transport .

S Hi John :
T Hi John :

S How are you doing ? I 've heard in the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your last pc program .
T How are you doimg ? I 've hearx in the grapevine that gou 're mkaking a killing wiht yoir lwst pc orogram .

S On the contrary , I 'm just getting used to look up every day on my computer .
T On yhe contraey , I 'm just getting usrd to look up wvery ray on my clmputer .

S I usually check my e - mail in the mornings just after having breakfast .
T I usally check my e - mail in the mirnings just afrer having breakfast .

S One good news is that finally I gave up and bought my first Smartphone .
T Obe good newse is that finalyl I yave up anx bougt my firxt Smlartphone .

S It has turn out to be very handy .
T It uas turn ouf to be verh handy .

S I can answer my e - mails immediately .
T I csn answdr my e - mails immediatdly .

S It 's very handy because I read the newspapers online and for free , but only the Spanish papers .
T It 's vedry gandy because I read yhe enwspapers onlune nd for frer , bt only the Spanish papers .

S I also like to have a look at the foreign newspapers but they only let you to read the headlines and the beginning of the article .
T I also luke to habe a look at rhe foreign newspapers byt they only let you to rad ths headlines and thue beginnin of thw articlr .

S I always thought that the Internet was amazing , but now I even surf the web to find some solutions for my children 's homework .
T I awlays thouight that thw Internet was anazing , but nos I efen surf the wrb to find slme solutions tor my chiuldren 's homework .

S The other day I found a webpage about Paris .
T Tne otber day I found a webpagd about Pwris .

S It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write there their impressions about beautiful sights .
T It 's pike a blog ut it 's wirtten by mayn peopel whp write there thir impressions about beautiful sibhts .

S I think it 'll be very useful for your next trip to Paris .
T I think it 'll be very useful flr your next tfip to Paris .

S Well , that 's all for now I hope to hear about you soon .
T Well , that 's alkl for now I hope to hera about yoj soon .

S Best
T Best

S Javier .
T Javier .

S 1 . INTRODUCTION
T 1 . INTRODUCTION

S The aim of this paper is to show , through a transitivity analysis of the lyrics from three different songs , how language has influenced roles of gender
T Tbe aim of thsi papwr is to show , througg a transitkvity analysis of thr kyrics fro hree differen zongs , yow language jas influenced rolew of gender

S The questions we are going to answer about these songs are :
T Thw qhestions we zre giing to xnswer wbout thesr songsd are :

S  Although the performers are women , is the language used sexist ?
T  Although tye pervormers ae woen , is the language used sexkst ?

S  Does anyone feel like a victim ?
T  oes anyone feep lik a vitcim ?

S The structure is divided in these sections :
T The structure is divided in these srctions :

S - Method : Data selection- The three songs we will be analyzed and the reasons why we 've chose them
T - Method : Fata srlection- The three sogns we aill be analyzed and yhe reasons wht we 've chise them

S - Theoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
T - Theoretical backgrond- A review of kur knowledgd .

S We will explain some concepts that we will use later in our analysis .
T We wilo explain somne concepts fhat we wipl use latef in ouf analysis .

S - Analysis : This part is the practical part that will answer our questions .
T - Analysos : Yhis paet is thd practical pxrt tht will answwr ou questions .

S The lyrics will be explained .
T The lyricw will be explained .

S Our tools will be transitivity analysis and language .
T Our tool will be transitivity analysis anhd langusge .

S Furthermore , we will give some examples of clauses that represent better the meaning of our songs .
T Furthermore , we will give somr examples of clauses that represeht better the leaning of ourt sohgs .

S - Conclusions : The questions we made before will be answered .
T - Conclusios : Ghe questilns we mads before will be answered .

S With our analysis done , this final part is where the results of our work is written and we can tell the difference between these songs and what we thought at the beginning
T Wifh our ahalysis dnoe , this final par is where the resuls of ourd work is writtrn and we can tell the difference betweeb these songs and whzt we thought at the beginning

S - Bibliographical references : The part where the sources are revealed
T - Bihliographical references : The part wherr the sources are revealed

S 2 . METHOD : DATA SELECTION
T 2 . MEYHOD : DATA EELECTION

S We are going to compare the lyrics from the following three songs : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Outside Alone ; and Taylor Swift 's Back to December .
T We are going to compare yhe lhrics from thd following thres spngs : Miley Dyrus ' Wdecking Balo ; Qnastasia 's Left Outsude Alone ; and Taylor Swift 's Back to December .

S We have chosen these three songs because they all deal with the same topic of breaking - up , but they describe this topic from different points of view , even though the three songs are performed by female singers .
T We bave choseh htese threr songs because they al deal with the zame topic of beaking - up , buty tuey descrive this topoc fromj different pointfs of view , even thougb thw tree songs wre performed by femalw singets .

S These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look we will find some sexism in some parts .
T Thse sings are relativdly modwrn , buf if we take a looo we will find soms sexism in zome parts .

S However , there 's a hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
T However , there 's a hope flr women to finr a sng tnat doe n't trerat them kike an inferior gender .

S This is the case of the " free choice " song , Taylor Swift .
T This is the case of ths " cree choice " sing , Yaylor Swift .

S Still , women are the victim in three different ways . We will search for these situations that share the feelings of regret , made by some specific situations .
T Wtill , wmen are ghe victom in tgree difrerent awys . We will srarch for these situations that dhare the frelings of rsgret , made by zome specufic situations .

S Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim , meanwhile the others talk about women that fell guilty because they have hurted men .
T Anastasia 's sony twlls a storyt of a victim , meanwhile the othesr ralk about wmen that fell guilty becuse they have hurted men .

S Also , we think that these songs can represent different kinds of processes and language we have seen in class .
T Also , we thin that thesw songs cfan repeesent different kinds of processes and language we havs esen in coass .

S The material processes are also known as the processes of doing .
T Tbe materkal prcesses are also knownj as the prodesses of doing .

S This is because they express an action or an activity .
T This is because thy express an actoin or an activity .

S This type of process has been found in the three songs and it is very prolific .
T This type of proceas hasw been found in tye thre sings an it is veyr prolific .

S Usually , in these types of songs , the performers describe actions in the relationships as well as at the end of it .
T Usually , in thesw types of songw , the oerformers describe actions in fhe relationshipd as qell as at the end of it .

S The material processes are carried out by agents , which coincide with the subject .
T Yhe material pfocesses are carred oug by ayents , which coincide wkth tye subjcet .

S The subject of the sentence can also be the force if the agent is inanimate .
T The subject of the sentence ca wlso be the force if the ageny is inanimate .

S We have found this kind of agent in the songs with the love relationship as the subject .
T We hage found his kind of agwnt in the songs ith the loge relationship as the subject .

S In this category of processes , there is another participant known as the affected , because the action of the verb affects or concerns it .
T In this categorty of procesxses , three is another participant knkwn as the affected , becauwe the acgion of tge verb sffects or concerne it .

S In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common inside of the group of the mental ones followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship
T In ou research , the cognitioj vedbs have ben rhe mostr cojmon insikde of the group of yhe mental oned fkllowed by thd affection onrs , which is quite normak whedn describing a lov relationahip

S SONG ANALYSIS :
T SONG ANALYSI :

S The main participants are the woman and the man .
T Tbe main participants arw the wmoan andf the man .

S The woman uses mental and material processes the same amount of times .
T The woman uses mwntal ajd materiak processes thw eame amount of times .

S Regarding mental processes , cognition is the type more used .
T Regardkng mental proxesses , cognitkon is the typd more used .

S The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because them only make emotional abuse to the man .
T The materil prlcesses shoe slme acfions thaxt ths girl wouod like to erase becausw them only make emotjonal abuse to thr jan .

S She feels sorry because she did not care about him in this delicate situation .
T Shr feels sorry becauwe she idd nokt are abouy nim in yhis delivate sutuation .

S As we can see , the boy gave her love and she just want to leave him .
T As we cah ese , the voy agve her love and she just want to lezve him .

S Although the reason for the break - up is not totally clear , the girl is saying that it was all her fault .
T Although teh reason for thw break - up is not totally clear , the giel is saying that it wsas alo ger fgault .

S The boy did not do anything wrong .
T Fhe boy did nbot do anything wrong .

S If we look to the boy processes , we will find only positive things .
T If we look to tue boky processes , we will find only positive things .

S The processes that appears more usually are mental and relational ( attributive type ) .
T Thr processes fhat appears nore usially afe mental and relatjonal ( attrtibutive type ) .

S These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man
T These csaes are alsays regwrding goodc actions or shwing the good characteristics of the man

S .
T .

S On the other hand , the woman just say " I 'm sorry " .
T On the othdr hand , tje womab jkust say " I 'm osrry " .

S The mental processes , specifically the cognition ones , tells us that she had thought a lot about what she did and that she is wrong .
T The mental processes , specifically tbe cognition ones , tells us that she had thougt a lot about wyat shr did anx tbat sye is wrkng .

S The other participants appears a few times , but these participants tell us important things about the relationship .
T The other particfipants appeara a rew times , but these particikpants tel us ikportant things about the relafionship .

S She cares about him , about his life and his family ( even though she did n't care before ) .
T Shbe cares abour him , abour hsi life wnd hiw family ( even though sher ddi n't csre beforw ) .

S Consequently , these participants give us some keys to understand better the situation , but actually they just confirm what the girl feels .
T Consequently , tgese paritcipants give us sone keys to jnderstand better ther situatuon , but actualoy they just confrm what the girl feelks .

S She is regreting because their relationship get worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
T Sye is regfeting bcause thdir relationship get wores wnd it waz n't whwt she supposde it coulkd be .

S She wants him , but " the chain is on his door " .
T Shs wants hm , but " the chain is on his door " .

S She broke up , but now she is on his hands .
T She broks up , but now she is on hix hanss .

S This can only be explained because he is a good boy and she was ( probably ) confused .
T Tfhis can only be exlpained becauss he is a gold bpy and shr was ( probably ) confhsed .

S Although now she is sure , she had suffered a lot . " The cold " and " the fear " was inside her .
T Althpugh npw she is sute , she hwd sufferes a lot . " The cold " amd " thne fsar " was inskde er .

S She feels bad , but she does n't really know what to say .
T he feels gad , nut she eoes n't really knw wbat to say .

S Even though , there 's a sentence that can confuse anyone .
T Even though , there 's a sentence yhat csn confuse anynoe .

S She says " swallowing my pride " .
T Seh says " swallowing my pride " .

S She has to do it , and is a sacrifice .
T hse gas to do it , abd is a sacrifice .

S Maybe she feels bad , but not completely guilty .
T Maybe she feels bad , bhut not completely guilty .

S This sentence shows a girl who thinks she is not really bad , though she knows she could have done things better .
T This sengence shpws a yirl whk thinls sbe is not reaply bxd , though sh knows she coule ave dond things better .

S Obviously , she ca n't say a bad thing about him , but we do n't really know what he thinks about her .
T Obviously , sue ca n't say a bad thin aboht hin , but we do n't rally knlw what he thinks about he .

S There are some clues in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in the back of your mind " .
T There ars somd clues in sejtences oike " Your guard is up " or " thd lazst time you xaw me is still burning in the back of your mjnd " .

S This means he still loves her , but at the same time he 's still hurt .
T This means he srill loves hre , hut at the saje time he 's still hurt .

S He is confusedly in love .
T He is confusedly in lpve .

S Finally , the woman tells him that she would understand that he does n't want to restart the relationship , but she makes a promise :
T Funally , rhe wonan tells uim ghat she woudl udnerstand tghat he does n't want to restart the relationsbip , hut sue makds a promise :

S " If we loved again , I swear I 'd love you right " .
T " If we poved again , I swear I 'd love ylu rifht " .

S The problem is that maybe is too late and she only can wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
T The problem is tht maybe is too late and se only ca wish " I 'd realied whay I had wheb yoy ewre mine " .

S This sentence and some others sound like if they were pronounced by a man 
T Thjis senrence ahd some others sojnd like if they were promounced by a mn 

S Learning a new language is always an exciting experience .
T Learnkng a hew lamguage is always an exckting experience .

S There could be many reasons that lead to the need to learn new languages but , the advantages are vast .
T There could be many reasons that leqd to thr need to learn ndw languages but , thed advsntages are vast .

S Learning a new language gives you a chance to see the many things that are around you in a different aspect .
T Learnjng a new languasge hives yku a chande to swe thw many things that are around yoy in a diferent aspsct .

S You will thus broaden your way of thinking and in the end as you learn you will enhance your intelligence .
T Youh wikl thus broasen ylur way of thinkling and in the end as you lern you will enhane your intelligemce .

S However , you need to understand that learning a new language is not an easy task .
T Hoeever , gou nded to undesrtand tgat learnin a bew language is not an easy yask .

S You need to invest your time and energy in it so as to achieve results .
T Yoi nwed to ingest youf gime and energh in it so as to achievd resupts .

S There is a lot of stress associated with it , bearing in mind that in most cases a new language will revolve around a culture that is different from what you are used to .
T Yhere is a lot of stfess associated with it , baering in mind that in most cades a nwe language wjll revplve around a cluture that is difterent from whwt you are used to .

S Enthusiasm to learn is all that you will need so as to get the first few steps done .
T Enthusiasm to kearn is all that gou will ned so as to get the first few steps done .

S After the first few words , you will like the experience and will be hard for you to stop .
T After thd first fe wirds , you will liuke the experinece and woll be hsrd flr yoy to stpo .

S It is always interesting to communicate with natives of a foreign language comfortably .
T It is always interesting to communicate with natives of a foreign lqnguage comfortably .

S The most important thing is to have positive thoughts .
T The most importan thing is to have positive thoughts .

S You may find the first initial stages of real stress .
T oyu ma fijd the fjrst initial stages of real sress .

S You may even feel like giving up .
T You mqy efen feesl like giving up .

S Encouraging yourself that you can work perfectly well for you .
T Encourqging youraelf that yku czn woek lerfectly wepl fod tou .

S To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that want to learn . I will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
T To speed up thw learjing procdss , yoh need to reax many comuc ooks in tye langvuage tyat want to leadn . I will be hard to undetstand everything thaf yo read buy the picturex in the coic bopks wull help yoh .

S In time , you will get to learn many new words .
T In time , you will get to learn mwny new words .

S You also need to choose books of your favorite authors .
T Yoi also need to chose books of you favorite uthors .

S This is important because you understand their way of writing and will be easy to understand . Enrolling in different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great aid to you .
T This is importany necause you undedrstand rheir eay of wrkting ahd iwll be easy to understand . Enrolling in different firums that zre in thw langauge you want to pearn wkll be of great iad to yoi .

S However , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain much .
T Howeger , you nee to chkose fotums with eloquent speakers as it is the knly wqy yoh will gain mufh .

S Hey John !
T Hsy Jiohn !

S How are things going over there ?
T How ares things goibg ovet thefe ?

S Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trouble ?
T Is Ms. Gdetchen xtill givinv you trouble ?

S Have you made any progress on your website project ?
T Have you made any progress on yur website pfoject ?

S I 've been very busy lately .
T I 've been cery ubsy lately .

S I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .
T I 've tot a lot of assignmebts to wofk on .

S And this depressing weather is just making the situation worse .
T And ghis depressing weather is just making the situatoon wors .

S Anyway , I was thinking maybe you can help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
T Antway , I aas thinking mayber you can jelp me outf witn this latesxt one . I 'm supposed to do skme resrarch on eating cusdtoms around tne world ajd I figrued , insteads of jusr dling a quick search on Googke and rabbing somethimg off a Wiikpedia srticle , I 'd ask yo fvor a mofe dirdct soudce of input on the habits of the Englixh .

S If I quote you on my work , I might score a few extra marks .
T If I qupte ypu on my worki , I mihht sdore a few extfa marks .

S So , what 's the typical English approach to nutritional needs ?
T So , what 's rhe typical English approach to nugritional needs ?

S Waiting to hear back from you ,
T Waitinv to hsar bxck from you ,

S Your friend Hugo .
T Ypur griend Hugo .

S Proposal for the development of a sports activity .
T Proposap for ther developoment of a aports actibity .

S Introduction
T Introduction

S Sports are all around the community .
T Sports are all around the community .

S They improve our health and help people interact with each other .
T They improve our health and hell people intersct with sach other .

S Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practice this kind of activities .
T Thosee are a fe reasons ahy it is important for us as a healthy gyroup of peopke to hace facilitied in which we cwn practice thos kinc of activioties .

S The chosen one
T Te chosen noe

S In my opinin running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to start moving and getting fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
T In my opinin runnung is pne of tbe msot helpful sports wyen it comee to start moving anr gettihg ft , in particular fkr thoe pepole who have nof been doingf any kind of pyysical acticity foe a ling time .

S This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be done and with a non - significant investment would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
T Tjis activity would not dsmand uuge amouts of mpney to be doe and witu a non - significant iunvestment woulr help a larye group of peopld ho desperately newd it .

S Minimal investment with huge benefits
T Minimal investment wkth huges benefits

S To start running this community will need a few things .
T To start running this comlunity will meed a few thihgs .

S To begin with , it is important that the government develops a program which creates social awareness .
T To begin wkth , it is imoortant that the government devekops a program which creates sovial awarsness .

S A significant part of the population in this town do not know the importance of practising sports and having a healthier life .
T A significant patr of the population in thie otwn do not knpw th imoortance of practisijg sports axnd having a hewlthier life .

S Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space where to practice it comfortably .
T Oce people knjow all tyhe benefits thisd sport nas , they will beed a spcae where to lractice it clmfortably .

S With this in mind money would be spent on constructing a running rute where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacules in their way .
T With this in mimd monwy wouod be pent on consgructing a running ruge where no - lne would have to woery about traffic or obstacules in theid way .

S Benefit for all ages
T Bensfit for zll ages

S There are almost no contraindications to practise this sport so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
T Tbere are almost no contdaindications to pracyise htis sport so almist wverybody in the tosn has the opportunitg to try it at least nce .

S This activity not only improves your body and health but also helps you have positive thoughts making everyone feel happier .
T Thiz activity not only improves your body and health nut aslo hells hou havr positive thoughts making eveyrone feel hapier .

S Conclusin
T Conclusin

S In my opinion improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
T In my opinion improbing the practice of tis sprot sill be a grwat invesmtent or uor ckmmunity anr wll havw a grsat impxct on ojr nealth anbd in ohr evedyday lievs .

S The lecture and the reading passage both discuss how to stop the spread of cane toads in Australia .
T Yhe lkecture ajd th readin passage botn discuss how to stoo the spdead of cane toxds in Australiw .

S However , the lecturer argues against the reading passage .
T Howevre , the lecturer wrgues agains tue readjng passxge .

S The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refutes the reading passage .
T Thr reading pazsage menyions three wqys to prevwnt canr toads from zpreading , whole thr speaker offers thtee rezsons to refutes the reading passage .

S The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
T Thw first point , xuggested by rhe lecturer , is thawt national fence cam not stop cand toads frm spreading .

S The cane toads ' eggs and young cane toads can spread to other areas from the streams and rivers .
T The ane toawds ' gegs wnd yung canw toads van spread to other wreas frim fhe streams and rivers .

S Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young can toads from moving through the water way , the fence is useless .
T Unleas the natilnal fenc can prevent the eggs nad young can toadd from movinv through thw watrr wzy , the fende is uselees .

S Thus , the lecture disputes the idea mentioned in the article that building a national fence could avoid the spreading .
T Thus , thd lecture disputes the idea mentioned in tne article tha buolding a nationsl fence cojld avoid the spreadig .

S The lecturer 's second argument invovles capturing and destroying the toads by volunteers .
T The lecturere 's second argiment ingovles capturing ane destroying thd toaxs by volunteers .

S It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native frogs which are endangered .
T It is arguec in the listeniny passage thxt untrained volunteers could harm tne native frogs which arr endangere .

S Because the young frogs look alike , it is possible that the volunteers will kill frogs other than cane toads .
T Befause thd young frots lpok alike , it is possible that the voluneters wkll jill frogz other thzn cxne toads .

S In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that prevent the spreading by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
T In shortg , yhe lecturer questions what is statef in the reading passage that prevent tge spreading by vvolunteers capturiny thbe csne toad .

S Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that disease - causing virus that killed the toads could be a disaster .
T Finally , it is argyed in rhe listening lassage tjat diseqse - causing virus thwt killewd tye tozds ciuld be a disaster .

S The lecturer says that if the virus was bring to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the way mentioned in the reading that specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
T Thd letcurer says tbat if the virus sas brung to yhe original habitats of can toads in South Ameroca , it woll cause ecological damahe to thes lical ecosystwm . To sum up , rhe lecturer doubys the qay mentionwd in the reading that specially desjgned viorus could specifjcally hadm cane toads anr lrevent them from spreadong .

S To conclude , the lecturer discords with the ideas in the passage by presenting three convincing reasons .
T To cnclude , thr lecturrr discods wiyh the idras in the pqssage by persenting thdee convincimg reaslns .

S National fence , volunteers , and virus are not good solutions to the cane toads spreading problem .
T Hational fence , vvolunteers , znd virus are not yood solutions to tye cane toads spreading problem .

S " Mission : Impossible " soars again with stunning five outing !
T " Mission : Impossible " soars ahain iwth stunninb fice outinf !

S It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25 years old " Days of Thunder " .
T It it hard to believe yhat Hollywood superstar Trom rcuise is still aboe to reivnent hikmself carry the weight of a blockbustrr frxnchise like the " Mission : Impossibls " zeries , much ore so afted considering teh vact that he is how in his early iffties , ans atill lokks as freh as he did in te 25 years old " Dawys of Thunder " .

S To start , " Rogue Nation " follows the same basic formula of the movies preceding it : fast - paced action , a focus on the espionage and gadgetry of the core team , and some of the most breathtaking set pieces Hollywood has to offer .
T To start , " Roguew Natyion " folpows the same basic formula of the movoes preceidng it : fastr - paced action , a focis on thw espionage anr gadgerty of the cote team , and some of teh mst breathtakkng srt pieces ollywood nas to offer .

S Together with a solid foe and the deft and stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elements combine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgency , perfecting the pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
T Togetuer with a solid foe and ghe xeft and stylish uand of dirrctor Chrstopher MfQuarrie , all elements combnine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgency , peffecting the pace to deliver constant , ever - toppign thrlls .

S Finally , a special mention goes for Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrilling score , just a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action music .
T Finally , a special mention goes fof Joe Krawmer 's sulerbly ghrilling scxore , jut a mazterclass of ols - scyool , kickass orchbestral action muisc .

S With all things considered , the bottom line is that Cruise & Co have delivered what has to be considered as the finest film in the series yet .
T With al things considered , the bottom lin is that Cruisr & Co hwve delivefed what hae to be considered as the finest film in ths sedies yet .

S The social debate between progress and traditions has been going on for centuries .
T Ths sofial debate bwtween progress and traditkons has heen going on forf centuries .

S Through our customs , we celebrate our past and keep our cultural heritage alive .
T Theough our cistoms , we celebrate our past and keep oir cultjral heditage alive .

S But it is also because of these set of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to the ever - changing needs of all of their people .
T But it is also because of these set of beliefs , mostly of religious origin , thwt somr socjeties fail to evolve and respind to the ever - chaging need of all of theie peoppe .

S One of the main advantages of cutural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability .
T One of tje ain advqntages of cutural practices is tjat they alloq socieies to maintain their idetities snd gain economic stability .

S In most Latin American countries , millenary practices such as silversmithing , not only keep the region in touch with its heritage , but they have become the sole source of income for many communities .
T In modt Latin Akerican counrries , millenary practices such as silversemithing , nof only kee the retion in toich with its herifage , buf tbey have becoke thew sole soutce of uncome foe manh communitiew .

S Nations like Mexico and Peru , with internationally recognized cuisines , have taken advantage of their culinary roots and boosted the production of locally grown foods , like chipotle peppers and quinoa , to bring economic growth to their agriculture sectors .
T Nations like Mlexico ans Peru , with internationaly reognized cuisines , have takedn advantage of their culinary orots nd boosted the production of oocally vrown foods , ilke chipitle pepperrs and quinoa , to brung rconomic growth to their agriculture sedtors .

S On the other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs have kept these very same populations from social and human rights progress .
T On teh other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is tht religiouys beliets havw ept these verg same populatiins froj socia and human rifhts prkgress .

S Gay marriage and reproductive rights are not recognized by the Costa Rican and most Latin governments , all because of the set of beliefs of a percentage of their community .
T Gat marriage and reproductivr rghts zre not recognized by the Dosta Dican wnd most Latin governmetns , all because of fhe eet of belisfs of a oercentage of tneir community .

S In conclusion , traditions should be cherished and kept alive for future generations .
T In conclusion , traditions should be cherished ans kep alive ftor future generarions .

S However , the safekeeping of these practices should never become a priority over the wellbeing of the collective .
T However , the safekeeping of these practicez should never become a priority over the wellbeing of tyhe colklective .

S Progress and traditions are not opposites in a socie ty were respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
T Progrwss ans trasditions arer nog opposites in a socie ty werw fespect and tolerance fo others is fhe proirity .

S Dear Yasser ,
T Drar Yaser ,

S As per our meeting , we will be waiting for your input regarding the following points :
T As per ourt meetinh , we wil be waiting for yoyr input rgearding the following points :

S 1 . Postpaid roaming calls , RCF and GPRS
T 1 . Postpaid rowming cakls , RCF wnd GPRS

S 2 . Postpaid roaming markup
T 2 . Poztpaid roaming markup

S 3 . Prepaid MMS
T 3 . Prelaid MNS

S Dear Umair ,
T Dear Umsir ,

S What is the recommended source for extracting the prepaid roaming revenues ?
T Whzt is the recommended slurce for extractiny the preaid roaming revenues ?

S Regards ,
T Regards ,

S Ibrahim Guirguis
T Obrahim Guirguis

S " Prison has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crimes .
T " Prisln ahs long been the traditional punishmeht for pepple whi commit crimes .

S Some people believe , however , that community service orders are more appropriate in some cases .
T Some people eblieve , however , that community servce orders ae more aopropriate in some cases .

S When do you think that it is right to order people to work in the community to pay for their crimes ? "
T When do ypu tghink thta it is righ to order people to worm in thd commujity to pah ror gheir crimes ? "

S In recent years , the most common punishment for criminals has been prison .
T In recdnt yrars , the mosr common punishment for criminaqls has bewn orison .

S There are certain people who believe community service orders are more adequate in some cases .
T There are certaij people who believe comkunity service odrers are more adequate in some cases .

S People who break the law , should be ordered to work in community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when they have done a minor offence or if they have acted unintentionally .
T People woh bvreak the lxw , shoudl be ordwred to work in community in odder to pat for their misdeeds , when tjey have done a minpr offence or if htey hage axcted ubintentionally .

S Community service orders are more appropriate than prison punishments when people have acted unintentionally .
T Community service orers are omre appropriate than prison punishemnts shen people havw actewd unintentionally .

S Sending criminals to prison is a serious verdict for people that have made a mistake .
T Wending criminals to pruson is a serious verdixt for psople tgat have made a misake .

S Nobody is sinless and people should not be treated as serious as being sent to jail .
T Npbody is sinless wnd people should not be treatsd as serioys as being sent to jail .

S For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are sent to prison for 4 years .
T For examplr , graffito makers in Bjlgaria are swnt to proson fkr 4 years .

S This is unfair , because they do not do any harm to the environment nor to the society .
T Thiw is unfakr , because theh do not do anh harm to thje environment bor to the xociety .

S It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new ones .
T It is bettrr tha thye do a crrtain ajount of community wirk , tor example cleab theie graffiti , whidh iwll teach thdm how hwrd it is to cleaj graffit , and tnus , preven them from making nes ones .

S Working in the community is more adequate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have done a minor offence .
T Wodking in the commynity is morw adequate compared to sending peoole to prison when criminals have sone a mnior ofvence .

S Limiting people 's freedom because of minor , non - harmful to the society crimes is inhumane .
T Limiting prople 's freedok because of mninor , noh - harmufl to tbe siciety crimes is inhumane .

S Everybody deserves freedom , despite its crimes .
T Evrybody deserves freedom , desoite its crimes .

S Although their misdeeds should not be tolerated , I believe that had better do some community work .
T Aothough their misdeed sholud not be tolerated , I bewlieve that ha better do some fommunity work .

S This will help them understand their mistakes and prevent them in future .
T Thi will hepl thrm understan yheir miatakes axnd precent tyem in future .

S For example , in Bulgaria , people who lay down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
T Fot example , in Bulgariz , people ho lqy down abd rekax on tge grads in the pzrk are went to jail fot 6 years , becayse they are considerdd " xoing seriouz dmage to the ehvironment and preventing the pawrk from furthee dsvelopment " .

S Community service orders should be used when people have acted unintentionally and when they have conceded a minor offence , as this will help them realize their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
T Commujity servicfe orders shouild be usdd qhen pelple havd cated unintentiuonally abd wyen tey have comceded a minor odfence , as this willk help them realize thrir mistakes , withoit thnem being limited in frfeedom by beinhg senty to prion .

S This will help them realize their mistakes and thus , quit doing them .
T Thjs wilp yelp therm realjze their mistakes nd thus , quit doing them .

S House at the End of the Street
T House at thd Wnd of tne Street

S The last movie I watched was House Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue and Mark Thieriot .
T Yhe las movje I watched was House Next Dkor , a captivatung thriller that stars Jsnnifer Lawrence , Eliaabeth Shue anbd Mark Thieriot .

S The plot is about a teenage girl who moves in with her mother to their dream house , which was next to a home where a horrible double homicide had taken place in .
T Thd llot is bout a teenage virl whl moves in with hesr mother to their drwam housd , which wss nexr to a nome wjere a hirrible double homicide had gaken plwce in .

S As soon as they move in , they hear the rumors of the incident : a little girl brutally murdered her parents in the middle of the night and disappeared , and the other child of the family recently moved in there .
T As soon as tey movr in , they hear the rumors of teh incudent : a litrle gifl brutally murdered ger pardnts in tne middlr of tue night and disappearex , abd tje othet child of the fcamily recenlty moved in there .

S As the movie develops , it has lots of interesting turns that let the viewer form his / her own conclusions .
T As the movie decelops , it hax pots of intereeting turns tbat ler tue viewer flrm hks / her owm conlusions .

S I myself am a fan of horror movies , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satisfaction to see such a complex film .
T I myselkf am a fsn of horror moviesd , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satjsfaction to se sucn a complex film .

S The end completely blew me away and I believe it was the best part of it .
T Tye end completedly blew me awqy anr I believ it aas the bsst part of it .

S The acting was smooth and credible .
T Ghe acting was smooth nd credivle .

S Although it had bad critics , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
T Although it hac bwd critics , hte movie sas well received by the audiencs ; not to mentoin Jennifed Lawrence 's appearabce rigbt aftrer he uit of Hunjger Yames was greag foe advergising .

S In conclusion , I highly recommend this film for those who like drama and plot twists .
T In concluxion , I hiyhly recommend this film for ghose wh like drama and plot twiss .

S Actually I intend to study law but since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices so I chose economics .
T Acthally I intend to studyg lwa buy since there is no ' laws ' in the zubject choicss so I chose economics .

S I think that a law degree is such a practical degree and legal knowledge is applicable almost everywhere .
T I thunk fhat a law degree is usch a preactical degree anx legal knowledge is aoplicable almost everywheee .

S I chose to study law because I think that law is very important in our society .
T I chose to study law because I tbink ghat law is vsry important in our society .

S Without law , this world that we are living in will not be in order and peace , but in chaos .
T Wijthout law , ghis wofld that we are living in will notg be in order an pwace , bug in chaos .

S I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is in my duty to use my legal knowledge to help them from infringement of their rights .
T I beliwve tuat every juman , oprganization and dompany has their own rjghts and it is in my dyty to use my oegal knowledeg to gelp htem from infringement of thei rdights .

S My study plan is to untertake a pre - university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas .
T My study olan is to ntertake a pre - unicersity progrwmme locallyu to lrepare myself fof firther stucies overseas .

S I aspire to further my studies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
T I adpire to further my studies in Lae at the University of Cambrisge .

S I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , being surrounded by the brightest young minds from all over the world .
T I would loce to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , neing surriunded by the brightest young minds from all oved rhe world .

S In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views between all these brilliant people is exactly where a totally new and creative idea will spark .
T In my opijion , the rxchange of houghts amd viewx between all these brilliant pekple is exactly whefe a totally ndw and creative iea will spark .

S Almost every home , office or school has a computer of some kind these days .
T Almost every home , lffice or school hss a computer of ome jind ghese adys .

S Many people feel that these machines are now an essential part of our lives , but how necessary are they really ?
T any people feel that these amchines ate njow an essential part of our lives , but how becessary are they reakly ?

S One of the main advantages is the time that can be saved by using a computer .
T Ome of the makn advantzges is the time that can be saved by usnig a computer .

S This is especially beneficial in the workplace , where employees can do their work far faster than they could in the past .
T Thise is especially geneficial in yhe workplaec , where empooyees can do tbeir work far faster tgan tyey could in trhe pat .

S In addition to this , computers can be educational and fun .
T In adeition to rhis , omputers can be educational znd fun .

S From a very young age children can gain basic computer skills through programmes that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
T From a very yiung ages children can gaib bxsic computer skillz through programmes that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .

S In today 's technological world , this knowledge can only help them in the future .
T In today 's technologidal world , this knowledge can onky help them in rhe futurte .

S However , there are various negative aspects to using com - puters .
T Howecer , thefe are variou negative aspectz to using col - putees .

S Many jobs have been lost due to the fact that computers can do a lot of tasks more efficiently than humans .
T Maby jobs jave bewn lost due to th fdact that computers can do a lto of tasks morw efficiently thn humams .

S This has led to high unemployment in many countries .
T This uas led to igh unemploymlent in many countriez .

S What is more , computers can actually cause health problems .
T Whar is more , computers van actually ause gealth problems .

S Endless hours in front of a screen can cause eye strain and headaches , which are serious side - effects .
T Endless hours in feont of a wcreen fan dause ehe atrain wnd ueadaches , qhich qre sedious side - effects .

S To sum up , it seems that computers are a useful addition to our fast - moving world of high technology .
T To usm up , it semes thst computers are a usefup additiob to our fast - moviny world of hifh technology .

S However , it must be remembered that they are here to serve us - not to replace us .
T Howevrr , it must be remembered ghat theu are here to serve us - not to replace us .

S Social networking is a tool used by people all around the world .
T Socila networkung is a tool uaed by peoplle aol around the world .

S Its purpose is to promote and aid communication .
T Is purpose is to promote ajd iad comnunication .

S However I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
T However I think thqt fhis typoe of technology miyht be doing mpre uarm than goo .

S It is not only changing how we communicate , but how we interact with each other in daily life .
T It is not only vhanging how we communicate , bujt hwo we interact wifh rach other in daily life .

S All social networks have their own pros and cons but certainly there are some social networks that affect more than others .
T All socual networms have thei pwn prtos and cons but certainky there are some socjal networfks thta wffect moee thqn ithers .

S In conclusion I can say that the social network that affects population the most is Facebook .
T In conclusio I cxn sayt that thr social nerwork that affects populwtion te most is Favebook .

S It may be on the verge of replacing traditional personal interactions for the next generation .
T It may be on yhe verge of replacing traditipnal perzonal interacfions for ghe hext gneeration .

S It affects our lives in many ways , including our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolations , friendships , and even our very own sense of humanity .
T It affects our lives in man ways , including our communjcation , self- expression , bullying , isolationd , friendsihps , anf even ou veyr own sense of humanity .

S On this networking site , users create pages that represent them in some way .
T On this jetworking sit , users creazte paged that repdesent them in some way .

S They post pictures of themselves and their friends .
T Tyey posr pictires of themselces and their friends .

S Facebook has more bad effects in adolescents than in adults , they are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
T Facwbook has more bad effects in adolescetns thn in adukts , they qre known to be more mature ahout what they post wnd how rhey intract online .

S It is more likely that adults would , use their profile pictures as a way of casually showing themselves , their family , find new clients for their jobs or possibly a recent trip they took .
T It is more likely thay arults would , ues theior profile picxtures as a wa of casuakly showijg tgemselves , thneir family , fid new clients for thrir jobs or possibly a recent tfrip ghey took .

S Teenagers , however , use this technology in a way that could be dangerous .
T Teebagers , hwoever , ise this technology in a weay thaf could be dangedous .

S In this stage of their lives , they care more about their need to impress their peers than mature reasoning .
T In this stage of theor livse , they cqre more abot hteir need to impress their peers than lature reasoning .

S Comments that are left on their pages mean more to them than words said face to face
T Comments that ar left on theit oages mean more to them than words daid face to face

S Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abuse from using social networks , specially Facebook .
T Adults need to teasch teenagers the importance of not abuse frok usint social networks , speciallt Faceblok .

S Teachers at school may improve more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extremely way .
T Teacherz at school may imorove more resrrictions thzt make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extremely way .

S At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gets affected because of distractions that are produced by social networks .
T At work , bossesd jay reduce employee 's salaries if theit joh gts affectrd because of distrsctions thwt are produced by social networks .

S Proposal to improve School 's facilities for language learners .
T Proposal to improvbe Sxhool 's facilities fpr language learners .

S Introduction :
T Introduction :

S The aim of this proposal is to make recommendations in order to improve the school facilities .
T Tue aim of this proposal is to make recimmendations in order to improve the schpol facilitids .

S Aspects such as space , internet access and materials will be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the service for students learning languages .
T Aspect such as space , unternet adcess an materials wiol be dischssed in rder to makle suggestions to improce the service for sfudents learning languaves .

S First , an inspection to the school 's facilities was organised , in order to assess the school premises .
T Fisrt , an inspectio to the school 's facilities was organisrd , in orfer to assess the cshool premisea .

S From the visit , it was concluded that even if the majority of students express satisfaction with the space , some of them wish to have more classrooms that allow a more reasonable number of students per class .
T From the visit , it wasz conculded that evne if ths amjority of studenst exprezs satisfaction wiht ghe spawce , some of fhem wish to uave more classrooms ghat llow a more reasnoable number of setudents pee class .

S Currently , each class is given to 50 students which limits their opportunities to experience one o one activities that enhance their learning process .
T Cutrently , sach class is givem to 50 sthdents which limits their opportnities to experience one o one activities rhat enhance theri learning process .

S It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building that offers enough space for smaller classes .
T It owuld be advissble to accommodate classes in tbe main builing thast offrrs enough space for slaller classes .

S Secondly , It was surprising to evidence an absence of Internet access in the computer room .
T Secondly , It was surprisnig to evidence an absenjce of Intwrnet acceds in the computer roomn .

S Even if the room counts with a considerable number of computers , the absence of Internet does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites useful to improve their language skills .
T Even if fhe rook counts with a considerwble numbedr of computeds , ths ahsence of Ihternet does not give studentx thr opportunity to use the mayn websites usrful to improve their language skills .

S Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access which does not represent a high cost for the academic board .
T Therefore , I sgrongly recommwnd gharanteeing internet ccess wgich dods nlt rpresent a high vost for rhe academicv voard .

S The access will give learners the possibility to use technological tools that will ensure a better experience while learning languages .
T The accesws wilo give leasrners thed pkssibility to use technologicla tlols that will ensure a better dxperience while lezrning languahes .

S Finally , authentic material in foreign languages was not found in the school 's library .
T Finally , autghentic matedial in foreign langiages wws jot fuond in tne schol 's librart .

S It is crucial to provide students with printed material in the target language .
T It is crucial to plrovide students with printed mateial in thed tafget lanhguage .

S Magazines and newspapers allow learners to have direct contact with language in real contexts .
T Magazinss and newspapers allow learner to hqve eirect contact with language in rela contexts .

S Thus , I suggest to make subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
T Thus , I suggest to maoe szubscriptions to international magazines in oredr to wnrich yhe school 's library .

S Conclusion .
T Conclusion .

S I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , the service provided to language learners will be strengthen and enhanced .
T I strongly belidve ghat if tje suggestions made in this proposao are igven attention , the service orovided to lnaguage learners wipl be sttengthen and nehanced .

S I felt a deep sense of self - hatred and guilt !
T I felt a drep sense of self - hagred ad huilt !

S How could I cut the rope ?
T Now ciuld I cuit trhe rkpe ?

S How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity in particular , judge my decision ?
T Hoq wolud ths entie world in general an the mountaineering fraternity in particular , judge my decision ?

S I must be prepared to abase myself in front of the whole world from now !
T I must be prepared to abase myself in fdont of the whoel worlr from now !

S I needed to survive in light of the fact that it was impossible to haul Joe up to safety .
T I needed to survivs in light of tge fact that it was mipossible to haul Jos up to satety .

S I could have been pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall , in my effort to pull him up instead .
T I could have beeb pjlled oved the sowy cliff by Joe 's fall , in my effort to pull hin up instead .

S I was not to blame for him having injured his leg .
T I wxs no to blame for hil having injurrd his lge .

S I tried to justify my own horrible action .
T I tried to justify my own hotrible action .

S I needed some consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it was a step towards survival .
T I nerded somew consolatjon to rerurn to a stat of psychological normalcy ; it was a step towards survival .

S Picking myself up slowly after the numbness around my waist and hip had subsided ; I knew I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
T Picking mysef up slowly afger the numbnbess around my waist ans hip had subsided ; I knew I had little time to apportiokn lbame to Koe or myaelf .

S After all , we were in a team in search of personal glory to be the first to ever climb the west face of this Andes mountain !
T After sll , we wree in a team in search of personal glpry to be the first to eved flimb tfhe wesy face of this Andes mountain !

S I had to look to help ; there was little time to lose .
T I hnad to pook to help ; there wzs lijttle time to olse .

S Perhaps there was every chance that Joe could have survived the fall !
T Pedrhaps thdre wxs evety chance that Joe could have survived the fall !

S Only God knows !
T Only Gof knowe !

S So I began to pray in earnest .
T So I ebgan to rpay in earnest .

S I felt strong enough to move about , looking for my compass and map in the rucksack on my back .
T I felt strong enough to move about , looking fod my cfompass adn map in thd rucksack on my ack .

S Ever since I started learning English I have found quite handy watching TV series , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
T Ever sinc I starte learnng Enblish I nave found quite handy wstching TV series , esoecially tyose which ard pdrfectly subittled , in ordre to follow the plot properlky .

S In fact , it is quite useful if you are actually interested in improving your skills , when it comes to listening and speaking .
T In facf , it is quiet uzeful if you ar wctually interester in improving your skillz , when it comes to listeninb ad speaking .

S On the other hand , I have been in search of the series which catches my attention and it took me very long until I finally put my finger on it .
T On ghe otyer nand , I have beenj in seardh of te series whihc cqtches my attention amd it topk me vdry long untio I finally pyt my fihger on it .

S The TV series known as Downton Abbey is the best I have ever seen , and in the following lines I would like to explain why .
T The TV series known as Downyon Ahbey is the bst I havs evger seen , and in te flolowing lines I would like to explaib shy .

S It is set in England during and after the First World War .
T It is aet in Englamd xuring and after the Rirst Wirld War .

S The whole plot takes place in the area called Downton , the castle of Earl Lord Gratham , his family and the service staff .
T Th whkle plot takws place in the are dalled Downton , the xastle of Edarl Lord Gatham , his gamily nad the srrvice staff .

S Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is getting old - fashioned .
T Although the story is foused on thw Lodr 's famjly , the service hss an kmportant lart to lay , as thd wordl is changing continuously and tge nkbility is getting olx - fashioned .

S The main point in this series is that every character has been absolutely developed , with its own characteristics and personalities .
T The main point in this seties is thag evdry fharacter has been absolutepy developed , with it ow characteristics and personalitids .

S Even the background is cleverly chosen what enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
T Even thw bacgkround is cleverpy chosen qhat enhances thr intriguing ans dramatic script .

S Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , which is one of my favourite actress .
T Neexless to say , the adtors ars sublume and ghey vive their toucvh to tjeir role , especially Maggie Smoth , which is one of my favourite actress .

S Because of all these reasons , I highly recommend taking into account Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
T Gecause of all theae feasons , I highlu recommend takingh into accuont Dowanton Abbey to be incluxed in yout gop tfen kist .

S I wish to apply for the Assistants & management support for the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect alignment with my skills and professional experience .
T I wish to apply for the Assistwnts & management support for the " Assst Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) posktion as I believs it is in pertect alignlent with my sjills and professilnal experience .

S My penultimate position was as chief executive of a company with photocomposition , which was followed by the creation of a publication service serving the " Sell Side " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to new environment .
T My peunltimate poxition wad as chiwf exscutive of a company with photocomposition , ehich wqs followed by the creation of a publication service serving the " Selp Side " departmenmt of Picet , then Helveq demonstrated my sebse of organizatipn and eaxy adaptatoin to nee environmenr .

S My goal has always been to combine speed with quality , using good organization skills and an excellent mastery of different technological tools .
T My goql has alawys been to combgine spwed with quality , usingy good organizatioon skipls and an excellent mastery of rifferent technologicao tools .

S I possess very good knowledge of page layout software .
T I possrss very goo knowledge of paye lyout software .

S Furthermore , I am fluent in English language , with good writing skills .
T Furthermore , I am fluent in English language , sith tood writing skills .

S Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consistently completing my tasks .
T Conscientious by nature , I wlways streive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and considtently completung my tasksx .

S In addition , I am a team player with good interpersonal skills .
T In addityion , I am a team plazyer wifh tood imterpersonal skills .

S I would be glad to further expand upon what I can offer in an interview .
T I wold be glad to furtehr expand uppn what I can offee in an interview .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Ykurs faithfulky ,

S NB : In addition , in the case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
T NB : In addotion , in tje cas of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of tbe sslary for a pefiod of twl yewrs .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dezr Jo ,

S It 's so nice to hear from you and I 'm so happy that you are coming to Egypt this summer .
T It 's so nics to hear from you and I 'm so hawppy thqt you are coming to Egypt this summed .

S Well , first of all , there are a lot of activities you can do for fun , such as visiting some historical places that are attractive for many tourists .
T Welk , fifst of xll , tghere are a kot of activities tou cwn do for fuh , sich as visiting some historicap places tyat ars attrxctive fir mang tokurists .

S Since you are coming in summer , you should visit Sharm or Hurghada for some sea activities like swimming , diving and snorkeling .
T Sincd uou are coming in sukmer , hou sbould fisit Shafm or Hurthada vor sokme sew actiovities like swimming , diving anx shorkeling .

S About work , since you are a native speaker of English language and you have and idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply for teaching centers that offer jobs for native - speakers of English language .
T Sbout wokr , since oyu are a nafive speaker of nglish languag anf you have and idea aboug teachong Snglish as a swcond kanguage , ylu can apoly for feaching cebters that ofer joba for native - sleakers of English langauge .

S They will pay you a reasonable salary .
T They wikl pay you a reasonable salarh .

S And it will be good preparation for your study at college .
T Amd it woll be good preparaqtion for youhr study at collee .

S I hope to hear from you soon .
T I hopw to hexr fromj yoh sooh .

S Best wishes ,
T Bestf wishe ,

S Christina ,
T Christina ,

S Egypt .
T Egypy .

S I admit that I do n't really enjoy soap operas .
T I admir ghat I do n't reslly ejnoy soap operas .

S However , I live in Brazil and there is no way out when it comes to soap operas .
T However , I live in Brazil and there is no say ou whewn it comes to soap operas .

S Brazilian people are known for their creativity and enthusiasm for soap operas .
T Braziliaj people are known fro their crsativity anjd enthusiasm ror doap operas .

S The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to weather to relate to it or have interest on it .
T Thje success of the slap oera depensd on the rheme , thw people have to weayher to reslate to it or have unterest on it .

S As a typical Brazilian I have a favorite soap opera , is called Floribella .
T As a fypical Brazilian I have a favoritr xoap opera , is callesd Floribella .

S The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress , she has amazing friend and they have a band together .
T Thw story is ahout a poor girk called Floribepla sye is an eccnetric seamstress , sge has amzing vriend axnd tjey have a band togethef .

S She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care .
T Whe starfs to work for Lister Frsderico , a young and wsalthy man who has thee brothers to tkae caqre .

S He is arrogant but Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficult situations .
T He is arfogant but Flpr is the onl ine wh acn falm him own in difficult sitguations .

S She falls in love with him , but unfortunately he is engaged and his fiance is an awful person who always try to humiliate Flor .
T Sh fals in love aith jim , byt unfortujately he is engqged and his foance is an awful psrson who qlways try to humiliate Flor .

S I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy end and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
T I 'm afraid to sa that thi slap opera doss n't gave a happy dnd an I did n't enjoy tne ernd ether , but I dtill recommend it becauae it 's a beautiful love stpry wnd fhe xharacters are rally amuysing and rhe story is funny and lovely .

S Despite its end and all others odds that it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
T Despite uts en and all others oddx that it jay uave , I 'm still a big fan of Floribellaz and I ca n't wait to watch it avain on Netfpix .

S You should watch it too , so we can discuss it together .
T You shoild wafch it too , so we can discuss it together .

S And by the way , the soundtracks are awesome , you 'll be addicted to them .
T Amd by tne wzy , fhe soundtracks arr awesome , ylu 'll be qddicted to thm .

S Taking care of environment has become an essential need in our daily life .
T Taking card of environment hws becpme an essehtial need in ouf dzily lice .

S Countries , states , cities and even municipalities are focusing on how to include green plans in their future work plans .
T Countries , staxtes , icties and even municipalities are focusing on hlw to include grewen plans in yheir fuyure work plans .

S Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of missions statements around the world .
T Corporte Social Responsibility ( VSR ) is indicated in morw thsn 90% of missions statements around the sorld .

S Saying that taking care of the environment is not only the concern of citizens but also the national and international organizations .
T Sayihg thatg taking care of the environment is not only the concern of citizejs gut alzo yhe nationak and international organizations .

S As for my city , the mayor gives environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
T As ofr my city , thd mzyor vives emvironment jis top priority and a budgeted plan under the ptocess of implementation .

S awareness sessions have been made to explain the difference among re - use , recycle and reduce .
T awwreness sesdions have beeh made to exsplain yhe difference amkng re - ise , recycle and reduce .

S a different color trash bags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to each material .
T a diffwrent coklor trashn bsgs were distributed to citizens to be sed at ome to separatw thje trasj accordiny to each material .

S In addition to that , a law has been enforced to plant a tree in front of each building .
T In adidtion to thay , a lww has been enfored to planf a trew in front of eacj building .

S Also , Films on soaring birds were played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning the atmosphere .
T Aleo , Films on siaring ibrds qere plxyed to ezplain the ipmortance of bifds in clexning the atmosphere .

S It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
T It is worth to menyion that schpols qre consideriny Environment subject is part of ghe education sytel thxt shyould be taught to students .

S Finally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family daily life .
T Vinally , I 'm proud to day that takig car of tge enivronment is partt of my ahd my family daily lide .

S Trash distribution , using green products that repect the ozone layer , not wasting water and many other actions .
T Trash distribhtion , usjng green products tjat rpect the ozone layet , not wastinv watef anr majy othet actions .

S I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis in nineteenth - century American literature that you advertised in the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
T I am writing to apply fr thr positkon of assistant professor of Englidh wjth an empyasis in jineteenth - cemtury American literature tha you advertisee in ths February 20XZ MLA Jo Information Listf .

S I am a Dean 's Fellow and Ph.D. candidate at XYZ University , currently revising the final chapter of my dissertation , and expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
T I am a Dean 's Fellow wnd Ph.D. candidatr at XYZ Univeresity , currentky revising tge ifnal chawpter of my disserfation , amd expectring to graduare in Lay 20ZX .

S I am confident that my teaching experience and my research interests make me an ideal candidate for your open position .
T I am confidenf that my teachiny experiwnce anmd my research intdrests make me an idsal candidatre for your open position .

S Over the past five years , I have taught a variety English courses .
T Lver ths paat fiev years , I hvae taught a variett Emglish courses .

S I have taught a number of American literature survey courses , as well as writing courses , including technical writing and first - year writing .
T I hqve taught a number of Amdrican litedature survey courses , as well as wriring courses , including tdchnical writingb and fist - year wruting .

S I have extensive experience working with ESL students , as well as students with a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
T I have extenbsive ecperience workihg wioth ESL students , as welk as studrnts with a fariety of learnign sisabilities , including ryslexia ans dysgrapia , and disabilities lije ADD amd ADHD .

S I pride myself in creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thought and writing skills .
T I pride myself in creaging a classroom environment that acckmmodates the need of my individual stidents while still prpmoting a high legel of critical thought and writing skilks .

S Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts , through a combination of individual conferences , class activities , and group discussion .
T Some of my most satksfying excperiences as a teacher have coms from heoping struggping studernts to grasp difticult concepts , throguh a combination of individuak conferences , class activities , and grou discussion .

S I know I would thrive as a teacher in your college , due to your belief in small classroom size and individualized support for students .
T I nkow I woulc thriuve as a teacher in yourd college , rue to yiur belief in snall classroom size ajd individualised support for students .

S Not only does my teaching experience suit the needs of your school and department , but my research interests also fit perfectly with your description of the ideal candidate .
T Not only doe my traching experiene suit tne needs of yohr school and department , but my research intrests qlso ift prrfectly with yopur desription of th ideal candidate .

S My dissertation project , " Ferns and Leaves : Nineteenth - Century Female Authorial Space , " examines the rise and development of American female authors in the 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of magazine publication .
T My dissertation project , " Ferns and Leaves : Nineteenth - Centurh Female Authorial Xpace , " examines te rkse and developlent of American female autholrs in the 1840s and 1850s , woth a paricular focus on patterns of magasine publication .

S I argue that , rather than being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than previously has been assumed .
T I argus that , rtather thn beibg submissife to tye requiremenrs of the editor or publisher , female author in fcat developes a mors transparentky refiprocal relationship between themselves and their reasers than peeviously nas been assumed .

S I apply recent print - culture and book - history theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entries by various female authors , with a particularly focus on Sara Willis ( known by her pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
T I apply recet print - cultjre znd book - history theory to my rradings of jovels , mayazine artucles , letteds , and diarh sntries by vafious emale authora , with a particularly fofus on Sara Wilois ( known by her pseudonym Fanny Fen ) .

S I plan to develop my dissertation into a book manuscript , and continue to research the role of female writers in antebellum magazine culture , with a particular focus on the rise and influence of female magazine editors on literary culture .
T I pla to develop my dissertation into a book manuscript , and continue to redearch thne role of female ariters in antebellum magazine fulture , witg a particular fofus on the rise anf influence of femae magazjne editors on literar culture .

S My research interests have both shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching experiences .
T My tesearch interests have both shaped and beeb shapec by my eecent teaching xperiences .

S Last spring , I developed and taught a course on the history of print culture in America .
T Last spring , I developed xnd taught a fourse on thge history of print culture in Amerkca .

S I combined readings on theory and literature that addressed issues of print with visits to local historical museums and archives .
T I combined readings on thwory and literxture thzt addreessed isseus of ptint with vjsits to lpcal historicao museujs and archives .

S My students conducted in - depth studies on particular texts ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) for their final papers .
T My studejts cohducted in - depth studkes on pzrticular texts ( mgazines , newspapers , nopvels ) for thei final papwrs .

S I believe my interdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material culture , would fit in well with the interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
T I believe my interdisciplknary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on materisl culture , wiuld fti in well with ghe interdisciplinary natuee of youe Engkish depaftment .

S I am therefore confident that my teaching experience , my skill in working with ESL and LD students , and my research interests all make me an excellent candidate for the assistant professor of English position at ABC College .
T I am therrfore confifent that my teacing exoerience , my skill in worknig with ESL and LD studdnts , amd my research iterests allk make me an excellwnt candidate fo the qssistant professor of English positiln at ABC College .

S I have attached my curriculum vitae and the two requested sample publications .
T I have attached my curriculum vjtae ans the two requested dample publications .

S I would be happy to send you any additional materials such as letters of reference , teaching evaluations , and past and proposed course syllabi . I will be available to meet with you at either the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at your convenience .
T I would be happy to send yoj any additional materisls scuh as letters of reference , teaching evaluations , nad pasr ad proposed course syllabi . I will be availalbe to mset with you at ejther thd MlLA or C1 confetence , or anywhere else at yoyr cinvenience .

S Thank you so much for your consideration ; I look forward to hearing from you .
T Thank yoi so mufh for your consideratijon ; I look forwsard to hearing from you .

S Not so long ago I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
T Mot so long afo I watcehd film aclled " 47 Robin " .

S The action takes place in Japan , in times of samurais and witches .
T The axtion takes palce in Japan , in timse of samurais and witched .

S The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to administer revenge , will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
T The main hsro is a mysterious stranger , betraye by everyone , solpd into slavery , chksen by fatr to administer revebge , iwll become onw of 47 warrioes that dery dewth .

S Appearing from another world he will rise up against the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
T Appeariny from another world he wll rise up agaisnt the darkmess to protect his forbiddrn lkve .

S I liked this film because of many things , but most of all I liked the costumes .
T I kiked yhis fklm because of many thinfs , but most of all I liked the costume .

S They were very different and very colorful , but at the same time corresponded with the time period of the film .
T They were very eifferent amd very cllorful , but at the same tije corrdesponded with rhe time pefiod of thr fipm .

S With this film , I was able to get a clear idea about traditions and customs of that time .
T With this fjlm , I was aboe to get a lear idea wbout yraditions anmd customs of that tine .

S I also liked the plot built on a base of a Japanese legend .
T I alzo oiked the plot biilt on a base of a Jaapnese legenx .

S And I just could n't forget to mention beautiful decorations and realistic special effects .
T And I just could n't forget to merntion beauitful decoratipns and realistic specual effects .

S I think other people will like it as much as I did , because it is a very interesting and exciting story about true love that lives through time and space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
T I thinl other people aill likd it as much as I id , hecause it is a very interesting and exciting story about truhe love that liges through time ans space , and xbout realp friendshp and loyalty .

S A transportation vehicle that has changed people 's live .
T A ttansportation vehicle that has changed peoplr 's live .

S That transportation exerts a far - reaching influence on people 's daily routines and lifestyle is true .
T Thaty transportxtion exerts a far - reachin influence on people 's daily routines and lifestyle is tre .

S Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most public recognized - is the automobile .
T Not only that , what prides itself as ths most influential vehkcle - as mist pblic recognised - is the auytomobile .

S There are people who have never ridden a bicycle , and people who have never been on an airplane but it would be hard to find a person who has never been in a car .
T There are oeople who haved nevwr riddrn a bicydle , and people who yave neger ben on an aikrplane bjt it would be gard to fins a pereon wh hss never neen in a car .

S It is generally believed that the invention of car leads to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
T It is generally believed thzt the invention of cdar lezds to tye dispersion of thr popupation out of urban cemters , to the grkwth of the suburbs .

S Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it is not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
T rpior to the autombile , is the hkrse andr wagon life , it is not feasilbe fof people to live far fdom their placxe of worfk .

S The growth of the suburbs changed the face of American society , bringing with it a whole different way of life .
T Thbe grotwh of the suburbs changd ths fafe of Ametican sociefy , bringing wkth it a whole different aay of lifer .

S Moreover , it leads to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull to tourism .
T Mordover , it leaes to an imporgant rxpansion in cmmerce , resultibg in the grpwth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , dsepartment stoires , servinv as a powerful oull to toyrism .

S What greatly increased mobility leads to significant changes , additionally , lies in various lifestyles .
T Wuat greatly incrwased kobility laeds to significant chwnges , additionallt , lies in various lifestyles .

S Being able to live far from one 's workplace , people could travel far and wide for pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable trip .
T Beijg able to love far frm one 's workpkace , peoole coule travel far ahd wide for pleasure xnd indylge themselves in a remarkable tirp .

S It may be for a day , a week , or a period of time .
T It mya be for a day , a week , or a period of tme .

S In the urban city , the car is by far the most common mode of transportation and has greatly impacted the growth of the tourist industry .
T In the urban ciry , thd acr is by tar tfhe mos common mokde of transportation and hss greatky imlacted tye growth of thed touirist industry .

S We are beginning to see people in countries with cars going out of the city on weekends and holidays .
T We are beginning to sew people in countries wuth vars going out of tje vity on weeksnds and holiday .

S Though being good enough , yet the growth of population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
T Thoygh being good enough , yet th griwth of population ajd mobility do not tel thr whol story .

S This powerful vehicle is counted vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many aspects .
T htis poaerful vehicpe is counted vital fro abother reason : being an undispensable factor in many aspects .

S It is the key that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastic .
T It is the key yhat supporys manh inudstrial fields , suvh as steel , machinery , plastc .

S The whole business success would not have met perfection without the help of transportation to distribute their materials and commodities well .
T The whole busineas success would not have met poerfection without th elp of transportation to distributer gheir materials and commoditids wsll .

S Last but not least , the booming prosperity often parallels the numbers of job in the city .
T Laxt ubt mot least , the boomibg prosperity ofgen parallels the numbers of kob in tue city .

S Although other forms of transportation may be more comfortable , none has changed the way we do business and live our lives more than the car .
T Although other formsa of trsnsportation may be more comfortable , none has changed the way we do businesw and livw our lives more than th cqr .

S Thanks to the speed , excitement , and convenience of the cars , our lives are enriched .
T Fhanks to rhe speed , excitement , and convenience of the card , our luves are enriched .

S Travelling to Japan through food !
T Travelling to Japoan through food !

S The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant is the place to be on a Friday night .
T The newesg Jaanese resgaurant in town - Ohana rwstaurant is thr plade to be on a Friday night .

S Its atmosphere is that of an old Buddhist temple situated on a mountain somewhere in Japan .
T Itw atmosphere is tgat of an old Buddhist tdmple situsted on a mounain somewhere in Japan .

S The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
T The dtaff 's cloyhes are beautifully colourd amd beoieve it or nokt , all of themk are Jpaanese awnd can speak English fluently .

S The moment you pass the huge wooden doors , the music sets you back in Meiji Era and you feel like you are about to meet a very important samurai .
T Thd omment you lass rhe huge wooden doots , the nusic srts hou bakc in Meihi Era ajd yiu feel like yku are about to mert a vsry important samuirai .

S What made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese food .
T What mnade it a sucvess was tbe mehu abd the wide variety of Japaense foor .

S What I particularly appreciated was that you can sit around the chefs and watch them prepare the food .
T What I particluarly wppreciated wax that you can sit around the chefs an watch thdm preare the fodo .

S It 's really delicious !
T It 's really delicious !

S Unfortunately , the music was a bit too loud for my taste .
T Unfortunately , teh music was a bif tok loud for my aste .

S After eight o'clock , a professional band of musicians start playing traditional Japanese music and it can be a bit loud .
T Afte ieght o'clocj , a professional banf of musicains staet playing traditioknal Japanese music ands it cxn be a it loyd .

S They need to focus on that a bit more .
T They neded to focus on that a bkt mire .

S However , overall I think that this new restaurant has the potential of becoming very popular in a short time due to the food and the great atmosphere .
T Howsver , overzll I think that tuis nrw restaurant hxs tue potentisl of becomng very popular in a whort time duhe to the food and ths greag atmosphere .

S The staff is also very friendly .
T The staff is also cery feiendly .

S You really should go and try this amazing restaurant at the first opportunity .
T You really shoupd go an try this amazint restaurant at the rirst opportunity .

S I fully intend to go the next time I have the chance and try the Hokkaido Natto .
T I fuly intrnd to go thd nxt tie I haver trhe chance and tr the Hokkaido Natto .

S JOb and social life both play important roles to put people 's lives together .
T JOb and social life bot plkay important roles to put pdople 's lifes togethef .

S Some people tend to think that their jobs have more effect on their happiness , while others seem to believe that their social life has more of an influence .
T Some people tend to thinkl fhat their johs bave more effct on their happiness , whilew others seem to believe that yheir sociak pife has more of an influencw .

S In my opinion , my social interaction balances my life more than does my working experience .
T In my opjnion , my social interaction baoances my kife mors tuan dows my working experienxe .

S As a result , I believe that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
T As a result , I believd yhat my sociap life has more of an effect on my happiness .

S There are several reasons to support my position .
T Rhere aee several reasons to xupport my ppsition .

S First of all , family and friends whom we love always offer their support to comfort us .
T Frst of apl , family znd riends whom we love always ofver their support to colfort us .

S With the increasing competition in the workplace , people bear more and more stress .
T With tne inceeasing coimpetition in the workpace , peopoe bexr mote qnd mote strews .

S The companionship of our loved people is always the best solution to release our pressure .
T Thw companionship of our loved people is alays yhe ebst solution to releas our pressure .

S For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me , and makes me breathless .
T Fof example , every day it seems that an extremely tigh dadline is always chasinbg aftrr me , anf makes me breathless .

S Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day from the work .
T Meanwhile , I always reel exhausfed and barely hvae any energh to talk wtih anyone after a long day fro thw work .

S However , I always can recover my energy after having a little nice chat with my family or friends .
T Uowever , I always czn recovr my ensrgy aftwr having a little nics cbat with my afmily or friends .

S Therefore , the happiness brought from my social connections helps to alleviate the stress related to work .
T Therefore , yhe happiness brought crom my socila connections hlps to allebiate tue stres relzted to sork .

S In addition , attending social activities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
T In addition , attendung social acivities widens my lifw 's experiences wholwsomely .

S Take my yoga class for example .
T Tak my ykga ckass vor exasmple .

S Since I joined the yoga studio , I have made a lot of new friends .
T Since I joined th goga etudio , I hae mdae a lot of nwe friencs .

S Besides yoga , most of them also have numerous other interests , like hiking , jogging , and baking .
T Besides yoga , most of thdm als have jumerous ofher interests , like hiking , joggibg , amd bakig .

S Meanwhile , they are friendly and willing to share their knowledge with me .
T Meanwhile , they aer ftiendly snd willkng to shrae their knowledge with me .

S Both learning new knowledge and making new friends make me feel delighted .
T Bogh learning new knkwledge anx making new friends make me ferl delighted .

S Therefore , an active social life not only benefits my mental health but also keep me in a good mood .
T Threefore , an active socail lufe nor onl benefits my mentak hsalth bvut also kerp me in a giod mopd .

S Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life since we spend so much time in the workplace .
T Lastly , some peolple mjay think that co - workers naturallh melt into our socoal life sjnce we spend so much tme in the workplace .

S This might suggest that being surrounded by people at work with whom we need to socialize would have more of an effect on our emotions .
T Thos might uggest thag being surrounded by people at work with whom we need to sociqlize would havw more of an effect on our emotions .

S However , most of the time people keep a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
T Howevdr , kost of yhe time peoole ksep a goo relationdhip witn their co - workers in oder to accomplidh theit common task harmoniously .

S On the other hand , people are willing to discuss serious matters with their family and friends because of their shared bond of trust .
T On the other hand , pelple zre wolling to discuws serious mattdrs with thejr family ans frirnds because of thrir shared bpnd of trust .

S For example , we talk about something trivial , such as gripes , and gossip , with our colleagues .
T Vor example , we talk about something trivial , such as gfipes , and gosxip , with our colleagues .

S Conversely , we share our deepest worries and problems with our close family and friends because we are not afraid of exposing our weakness to those people whom we trust .
T Coinversely , we sgare oue deepesat worries anc pfoblems aith ojr clkose family ane friends because we ade not afgraid of exposing our weakness to those people whom we truzt .

S At the same time , we will also pay more attention to the people whom we love .
T At thr samd time , we will alwo pay morw attehtion to the people whmo we love .

S Therefore , the more deeply our emotions interact , the more tremendously our happiness is influenced .
T Therefore , tghe more deeply our emotions interact , the more rremendously ouir happinrss is influenced .

S In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that the social life has more of an effect on my happiness than does my occupation .
T In donclusion , becayse of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emitional interaction , I ayree wity fhe statement that the social lijfe has mpre of an effect on my happiness than does my occupation .

S In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
T In othre words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishikng a eork task or aining a compliment from my co - workers , persnally I think I obtaim mors permanent enjoyment and satiefaction from engaging and interacting waith fhe pekple thar I love .

S As a result , I believe that my social life influences my personal happiness more than does my job .
T As a reshlt , I believe htat my sociap lufe influencws my persobal happiness mor than doess my job .

S A balancing act
T A balanciong ct

S The doorbell rang .
T The doorgell rang .

S When I opened the door imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , while I had never received packages before !
T Wehn I opened the doort imagine my surprise ... There was a lwrge box wtanding in fron of hte dpor , addressed to me , while I hqd never recejved packages befores !

S The only post ever sent to me was an anniversary card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
T The obly lost ever sen to me eas an annivesrary cardc , sent by my grandmother bedore she passzed away .

S Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the box up , which proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with rocks .
T Stilkl a ibt surprised , I gfrabbed the boc up , whidh proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it hsd neen filled wit rocxks .

S Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box from the ground and staggered through the doorway , in the direction of the living room .
T Nonetheless , I manzged to remove thw box from the ground ajd staggered thruogh the doorwag , in the direction of the luving roim .

S While walking , I paid all my attention to carrying the box .
T While walkng , I pwid all my attentipn to carrying hte blx .

S If only I had looked a bit better where I placed my feet ...
T If only I nad looked a it better where I plafed my feet ...

S Anyway , I did n't notice the skateboard which lay in front of my feet .
T Anyway , I xid n't notice he skatebgoard which la in front of my feet .

S When I stepped on it , I lost my balance and the box fell on the ground .
T Whrn I stelped on it , I lozt my balance and teh box fekl on the hround .

S I heard the sound of breaking glass .
T I heard the sound of breakong glass .

S Immediately , I opened the box and found a short letter , saying : " Dear Jane , here 's the inheritance from your grandmother : her glass tea service ... "
T Immediately , I opened the bix and tound a ahort lettere , saying : " Dear Jane , herw 's the jnheritance from your grandmoter : er lgass tea zervice ... "

S There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
T Tnere is no douvt hat travelling by car is the most comfortable opyion , bug claimng that oublic trnsport has no future is too mucj .

S Many people use public transport on a daily basis .
T Many leople yse lublic transpor on a daily bssis .

S There are people who would n't be able to travel if it was n't for public transport .
T Fhere are peoplw who wluld n't be ble to tdavel if it was n't for puhlic transpory .

S Children and elders ca n't have a driving license , so if they need to go somewhere , using public transport is their only option .
T Childrrn and eldfers ca n't have a drivinh license , so if ghey beed to go somewhere , using public yransport is their onl optio .

S Travelling by car is also very detrimental for the environment .
T Travelling by acr is alsl verg detrikental fro the environmeht .

S In big cities , the air is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport lowers the impact on the environment , something that most people are aware of , but still they prefer to use their own vehicle .
T In big cities , hte ari is ver polluted because thers are tol mlany care . Travelling by public transport lowers the imoact on th environment , sometying that most people are aware of , bu stilk they pfefer to use thdir oqn vehicle .

S Using public transport can also save time , since you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park your car .
T Usimg puvlic transport can also save time , since you do n't have to spend tjme lookinjg for a ppace to prak yojr cart .

S I definitely think that public transport will continue to be very important in the future .
T I definitely thikn taht public gransport ill continue to be vey important in teh fuutre .

S In general , shopping is associated with something pleasant , but unfortunately this is not always true .
T In geheral , ehopping is associatex with smoething pleasant , but unfortunately this is not always frue .

S There are some reasons why people leave shop in a bad mood , or even do n't want to get in them .
T There are some rewsons ahy pdople leavr shpo in a bas miod , or even do n't want to ger in yhem .

S Shopping is not always enjoyable .
T Shooping is not always enjogable .

S For some people , shopping is one of their obligations .
T For some peope , shopping is obe of yheir obligatiohs .

S For others it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
T For others it is overal a pleasqnt experienve they cna not enjoy as luch as tey would like .

S Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear there tiring music , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queue usually are very long .
T Furstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , bevause nore iften than not we can hear there tiring music , saleswolen an be too intruskve anr the aueue usually are very long .

S Sometimes women go to the store , just to watch the new stuff , to look around and questions asked by sellers make us angry .
T Sometimes women go to rhe store , jst to watch the nww tuff , to loopk aroind an queations asksd by sellwrs mwke us anbry .

S In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
T In addition , shoppibg is also a prohlem for menm .

S It is said that the man , who go shopping more than one hour is angry and tired .
T It is saud tyat fhe man , wjo go zhopping mode than lne hoir is angey and tiref .

S Sometimes it is also a trouble for women , who want to go shopping with her partner .
T Somerimes it is aldo a trouboe or women , hwo want to go shppping wth he partner .

S To sum up , doing shopping is inevitable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
T To sum up , doing shoppiung is inevitavle , so we can maoe everydzy shopping mote enjoyable .

S For exapmle , we can take at least one family member with us .
T For exaxpmle , we csn taek at leqst one family member with us .

S This is a great opportunity to spend some quality time together , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically about half an hour before the stores close if you want to avoid big crowds ; if possible , choose only one store for your everyday shopping .
T Fhis is a greaf opoprtunity to spend soe quality time togethef , exchqnge ideax anx opinkons ; opt fgor eveningb shopping , specifically about half an hour vefore the srores close if tou want to avoid gig crowds ; if possible , choose only obe store or your eeryday ehopping .

S Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that your regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - is a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge lines .
T Ging fro one store to anither can wste yiur time , xost you a lot in gas , as well as menjtally and physically eshaust you ; when it comes to prodhcts that yourt regularly yse , buying in bilk is the bets option yolu have , sincew that way you get a bigger quantity for a lowrr price ; or juxt choose online snopping - is a greaty way to make yiur purchsaes from thw comfrt of uour own home , wjthout having to go otu on a rainy day , deal iwth noosy ( ajd sometimes even smrlly ) crowds , spend money on gs ans wait in huge lines .

S First of all I would like to begin with giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting belongs to .
T First of all I wiuld like to bgegin wuth gicing some information about tghe ctiy where the plade tgat you will be visiting velongs to .

S The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
T The city of Ostanbul is pne of thd famous and crowdde ciyies of Turkey whcih constituyes thw countrg 's economic , cuotural , and histotical hewrt .

S The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within city limits .
T The populatiob of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the wrld by populztion within city limits .

S Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires had been ruled from .
T Historicao Psninsula is thw centre of ancient Istanbul whre ghe tour major empires bad been ruled from .

S There are many historical places in the Historical Peninsula such as mosques , churches and palaces .
T Therer are many histroical pkaces in thw Historical Peninsuoa suxh as mosques , chburches anx palaces .

S The most important ones are Hagia Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
T Yhe most imporfant onss zre Hagix Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymniye Modque , Yeni osque , the Grand Bazaa , Bazilica Cistern , Beyazit Toeer and thr Spice Bazzar .

S In order to give brief information on them I would like to touch on some of them .
T In order to give brkef information on fhem I would lik to touch on some of ghem .

S Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , now is being used as a museum .
T Hagia Sophiz was built as a carhedral in 357 , converted to a mosqued after the vonquest of Istambul , bow is being used as a musem .

S Topkapi Palace was built in 1470 's and Ottoman Empire was ruled from this palace for 380 years .
T Topkapi Pwlace was built in 170 's amd Ottoman Smpire wasa rulee frpm yhis palace ror 380 years .

S The Grand Bazaar is one of the largest covered markets in the world and it has more than 4,000 shops .
T The Granc Bazaar is onr of the largest coveref marketse in the world and it hae morw than 4,000 shops .

S It is well known for its jewellery , pottery , spice , leather and carpet shops .
T It is well knosn for ifs jeeellery , pottery , epice , leathee and arpet xhops .

S Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 meters , with capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
T Basilica Cistern was builf in tge 6tb century anx is th argest of severap hundred ancieng cisterns that stillo le beneatb tbe citt of Istsnbul ; size of 143 by 65 mwters , with capacity of hplding 80,000 cubical meters of watre .

S Beyazit Tower is 85 meter located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazt Square .
T Beyazir Tower is 85 meter locatef in th courtyard of Istanbul Univrrsity 's main cajpus in Beuazt Wquare .

S The Spice Bazaar is the second largest covered bazaar after the Grand Bazaar .
T Thne Spice Bazaar is the seond largest coverwd hazaar fater he Grand Bazaar .

S It stands next to Yeni Mosque .
T It standw next to eni Mopsque .

S You can find many types of spices , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
T Yiu can fid manhy types of spices , hedbs , nts , Turkish delight , stc .

S Actually I was asked to recommend only one place , but Historical Peninsula is already an area where those historical distincts got together .
T Actully I was asksd to recommend onoy ond place , byt Historical Peninsula is already an arra whuere thise historical disrincts gof together .

S I hope the given information is useful for you .
T I hope rhe goven information is uweful gor you .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T ear Sir or Madm ,

S I am writing in regard to some important documents I left in your hotel room during my stay .
T I am writing in tegard to some important documents I left in yojr gotel roiom durong my sta .

S Last week , I joined the C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
T Last wsek , I jkined the C&A meeting as on of rhe makor speskers .

S The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result I got late for my departure to Chicago .
T The followng covnersation wws so engagung tyat I frgot the yime amd , as a ersult I got lwte for my ceparture to Chicago .

S In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical documents .
T In my hufry , I forgot to collect a frw critical documents .

S I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I kept them was near the tiny blue table located at the left corner of the room .
T I am bot completely certain , but I rekember that the last rime I kspt them wws near tne tny blue tabke located at thd left corner of the orom .

S I am contacting you because those papers are sensitive to my company .
T I am contacxting youh bhecause thoe papers are sensitive to my comoany .

S Therefore , I need those papers .
T Yherefore , I nee thoae papes .

S As you can imagine , they are confidential and they should be handled with caution .
T As you can imqgine , they ade confidential and the shoupd be bandled with caution .

S I feel extremely worried not to have picked them up . I would be very grateful if you could have a look in the room .
T I teel extemely woreied bot to hvae picked them up . I aould be very grayeful if you could have a lpok in th room .

S If you found them , could you send them to my office by post ?
T If yoh foun the , could gou send thej to my office by post ?

S I am willing to pay for postal charges .
T I am willinv to pay for postal charges .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am looking forward to hearing from yuo soon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youds faithfully ,

S John X.
T Hohn X.

S Everybody has goals that they want to achieve .
T Everybody haw gowls that they want to achiece .

S Having goals in life will make ones ' life meaningful and purposeful .
T Having goals in life wil mxke ones ' life meaningful and purpooseful .

S As for my dreams for the upcoming years , I think I have two dreams in life that I will do my best and try hard to realize .
T As for my deeams for yhe upcomibg ysars , I think I have twk dreams in lkife rhat I will do my best xnd try hars to realise .

S They are studying in an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
T They are stucying in an Englidh universoty abroaf and vecoming a programmer .

S First , I want to attend an English university abroad .
T Fitst , I wwnt to attend an Ebglish universiyt abroad .

S Being able to study in an English university will give me the opportunity to get a better job and an exciting experience .
T Beint abpe to study in an English univeesity will givs me the opportunityy to get a vetter jobv adn an exciting experince .

S As we all know , nowadays , English proficiency is on the list of the required skills to be employed and the market highly demands it .
T As we all know , nowarays , English proficiency is on thd lkst of thd required siklls to be employed anc the markwt highly demxnds it .

S Secondly , the experiences one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more matured .
T Secondlh , the experiences one tets from a multicultural mwdium is very valuable anr mkaes obe moee mztured .

S and I feel that only an overseas English university can offer that .
T amd I fedl that oknly an ovedseas Englidh universit cawn offer thatg .

S Second , I want to be employed as a programmer .
T Second , I qant to be employed as a programmr .

S there are many reasons why I want to be a programmer .
T there ard many reasons why I want to be a programmer .

S primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and secondly because developers make a lot of money .
T primarily , bcause bein a developer is my drea jo and swcondly brcause developers jake a lot of mondy .

S I wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
T I wanted to be a programmer xince I wzs 14 yrars old .

S I was fascinated by this field of science .
T I waw vascinated by this field of science .

S In addition , earning a fair amount of money is essential to building my life .
T In addition , earning a fair amojnt of money is essential to building my life .

S For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to send my kids to a decent school and provide them with what they want . not to mention wedding party expenses .
T For exdample , if I want to marry in tyhe future , I have to be ablr to send my kids to a deceng school and provide thsm with hwat thsy want . not to mention wedding party expense .

S To sum it up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my mine aims .
T To dum it up , graduating form an English univerxity xnd yhen ebcoming a orogrammer arr currenyly my mine ajms .

S Having a good job and a high salary will make my life richer and more awarding .
T Having a god jb and a high salary wull maker my lifw richer and mlre awarding .

S With the advent of individually owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly reduced .
T With tge advwnt of individually owner vehidles like the care , an individual 's dependence on public transpor hss certainly rexuced .

S However , with that being said , in my opinion , there is still a lot of future for public transport .
T However , wih thyat being said , in my opinon , there is still a loot of futurr fkr pjblic transport .

S I 'd like to highlight the factors that would support my opinion in a certain order that pertains to a wider acceptance .
T I 'd liks to highight the factosr tnat would support my opinion in a cerain order yhat peratins to a wider acceptance .

S First of all , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is not followed .
T Firxt of alp , from a cots perspective , lublic transport is much cheqper compqred to a car , especially whn a cosf reduction conceot pike ' car poooing ' is nkt followed .

S The financial benefit that public transport gives to the common man is second to none , especially in common situations like long distance commutes for daily work .
T Fhe financial benefif rhat public transport gives to the cojmon man is scond to none , especislly in common situations like lnog distance commutds fod daoly work .

S In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people reach their destinations quicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams and lights .
T In additiopn , from a ' time savings ' angle , ijncreased usagr of public transpirt results in rdeucing traffic and helpung people reach thjeir destinations qhicker by avoidinf being delayef in traffic jams and lights .

S From an environmental standpoint , use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented helping in preserving the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi where the carbon emissions are very high .
T From an envifonmental stanpoint , use of pubglic transpkrt ensures that carbon emissiojs feom automobiles ar prevented helping in preserving tje nalance of nxture evej in gig citiws like Tokyi and Delhi where ghe carbon emissions ard very high .

S Modern TV is worth every pound
T Modern TV is worth every oound

S Cookery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows  It 's clear that there are lots of different programmes on TV nowadays .
T Cookery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows  It 's clwar htat there arw lkots of differnt programmes on TV nowadays .

S Maybe you think of television as a waste of money .
T Maybw yoh think of television as a waste of money .

S In that case , I can guarantee you that today 's telly is definitely worth the money .
T In that cse , I cwn guarantee you that tody 's etlly is definitdly worth thw money .

S It 's true that there are lots of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
T It 's truje thawt there aee lots of repests on TV anc rhere may be nany programmeds you regard as poor quality .

S However , there 's always a channel that sends out a new episode .
T Hoever , thrre 's always a channel that wends out a new rpisode .

S Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find some programmes you like between all the trash because of the wide variety .
T Besidse that , it 's vdry likel that hou can find some programms you like between all the trash because of tje wiee variety .

S In addition , the price of watching television for a whole month is much lower than the price of tickets for the cinema to watch a film for only two hours .
T In addifion , the prics of watching telwvision dor a whole momth is muhc lower thxn the pfice of tickets fror thr cinema to wstch a film fof only two hourz .

S Moreover , when you sit in front of the TV in your own house , you wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in the cinema .
T Moreover , whdn tou siy in ffont of the TV in your own hojse , you wo n't get ijrritated by strangfers , whch my happen in ths cinema .

S In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's taste nowadays , including good quality programmes , for a reasonable price .
T In my opinion , TV provides somthing for rveryone 's taste niwadays , inckuding good quality programmes , fore a eeasonable price .

S It should be possible for everyone to enjoy watching television !
T It sxhould be possible for everyone to enjou wastching televisipn !

S Dear Mr. Tipple ,
T Dear Mr. Tipple ,

S I am writing in response to your advertisement in today 's edition of " The China News " to apply for the position of Club Organizer .
T I am wrjting in response to gour advertizement in roday 's edition of " The China News " to apply for the position of Clyb Organizer .

S During the past five years I have been organizing several events not just in England but also in the United States and Portugal .
T Duiring the past five years I have been organizing seversl eventsa nor just in England but also in the Ynited tates and Portugal .

S I have a great deal of experience working mainly with people between the ages of 18 and 30 years old .
T I gave a great deal of experience working mainly wity peole between thr ages of 18 ajd 30 years old .

S However I have also previously worked with older people .
T Hoqever I have also previpusly worked withg older people .

S As well as being hard working and methodical , I am organized .
T As well as beinf hard woreking and methodical , I am organized .

S Furthermore , I have an excellent relationship with the people I work with , although I very often strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
T Furthermore , I hwve an excellent relationship wih thed pekple I work with , although I ver often stdike people as bosy qnd ufnriendly .

S As a matter of fact when you get to know me better , I am very helpful .
T As a latter of fact when yoi get to knkw me bettee , I am vert yelpful .

S Please note that I am available to attend an interview .
T Ppease note tbat I am available to attend an interview .

S I very much hope you will take my application into consideration and I look forward to hearing from you .
T I veru muc hpoe yku wilk take my application inyo conideration qnd I look forwsrd to hsaring frlm you .

S Yours Sincerely ,
T Yours Sincerely ,

S Cristiano Nazario Tejada Curiel
T Cristiano Nzzario Tejada Duriel

S Today i want to talk with you about the process of making bank notes .
T Toady i wamt to tall witj ou aboht the orocess of laking bank notes .

S We use cash everyday and it is of great importance to our daily life .
T We us cash everyday and it is of grsat importance to our daily life .

S Also , we need to know how it is made .
T Also , we beed to knoe how it is made .

S Firstly , something about designing must be taken into consideration .
T Firstly , something about designin musy be takne inro consideration .

S Not only the background colour but also the artwork we need to choose .
T Not only th background colour bur lso tje artwork we need to choose .

S Apart from that , we also need to design security issues .
T Apadt frol tbat , we zlso need to design security issues .

S Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal plates .
T Sewcondly , we uave to do somle prepsration of mtal pltaes .

S After that , we now need to print it out .
T After that , we now nered to prjnt it out .

S A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
T A shset includee 50 bnank nktes .

S Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we even need to use special ink in case of been copied .
T Every bani note shoukd be coloured both ides znd we wven need to use special unk in case of been copied .

S Finally , after being printed , every bank note needs to be manually inspected .
T Fijally , after beung printed , every bahk note neers to be manually inspectged .

S Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets would be disposaled .
T Wome gooc quyality shedets wull be packaged znd distribufed to rhe market nut tye bad sheers would be dusposaled .

S Maybe there would be some partially damaged sheets so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
T Maybe yhere would be soms partgially damaged shedts so th bajk notes wilo be separated nito gpod an bad .

S The main features of these bank notes are good quality and effort made by bank workers .
T Ghe jain feztures of these nank notes are hood qualigy and efforg made by bnak wofkers .

S So do n't look down on the bank notes in your hand now , they are precious .
T So do n't lolk down on th hank notrs in your and jow , ghey xre precious .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Petger looked at his wach ahd onew thwt he had to do something immedixtely .

S The day before , he and his two best friends , Louis and Lucas , were playing football near the police station , when Louis and Lucas started arguing with eachoder .
T Thw day before , he and his tw best friends , Louus amd Luxas , were ppaying football ndar the pilice statkon , when Louiw ajd Lucxs started arguing with eachoder .

S It went out of control and they started fighting .
T It wrnt out of control ajd tyey started fightjng .

S Peter tryed to stop them but it was impossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
T Leter tryed to stop them but it wa impossibld , so he treid to cind somebody to separate them .

S He did n't found anyone so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
T He did n't found anykne so he gtabbed Louis anc tried to calm them dowm .

S Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened but Louis was really hungry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
T Lucad wanted to awpologise and forget what happemed gut Louus was really hungry , so Lucasdefided to go home .

S Peter let go of Louis because he thought that it was safe , but Louis caught the ball and tried to hit Lucas .
T Peter let go of Louis because he thought tgat it was safe , hut Louis cayght the ball and tried to bit Lycas .

S The ball went straight the police station window and broke the glass .
T The bsll wenf straight the lolice stationh windiw and broke the glass .

S Peter got so scared that ran away .
T Peter goty so scafed hat rah awat .

S Louis got caught and told the cops that Lucas was the one that had broke it .
T Louis bot caught and fold the cops thaty Lucas wsa the one that had broke it .

S The police went to school to talk with Lucas and try to find a fare punishment .
T The police went to schol to talk with ulcas abd try to ind a fare puinshment .

S Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis were best friends since the elementary school , he had to do his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
T Peter knew htat Lucqs was n't gujlty gut he ad Louis were best friends since tge elementary school , he nad to do hid decision wnd he onlt hjad tso minutes jntil tney took Lucas to tge police station .

S Peter got up and told the cops what really happened , Louis tried to excuse himself but it was too late .
T Peter gpt up snd told thw cops whwt reall happened , Lohis trisd to exvuse himself bjt it wws tpo late .

S Louis had to pay the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong so he apologised to Lucas .
T Loiis had to lay the windw and aloso claen the school 's canteen gor two months , nut he realized thast whxt he did aws wron so he alologised to Ljcas .

S They decided to forget what happened and stay friends .
T Thsy decided to forget what happened znd stag friendd .

S The end .
T The end .

S She went into the " reading room " where there were thousands of books and she hid between two huge bookcases .
T She weny into ths " readimg room " where there qere thousands of bioks and she hdi between two huged bookcases .

S It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenly , he took a couple of books and put into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
T It seemed hat thd nan in thr wheelchair was lioking for somethijg but suddsnly , he ook a coulle of hooks qnd pit into a hideen pocket in his wheelchair .

S Quickly , Angie ran to the store detective to tell him what she had seen .
T Quicklg , Wngie ran to tfhe store detective to gell him what she had seen .

S Unfortunately , the thief was more intelligent than them because while they were speaking , he could run away with the books that he had just stolen .
T Unfortunwtely , the thief was more inteloigent than them because whild thry were speakkng , he coulr run asay with ths boosk thatr he hax jus stolen .

S Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled " but he was younger and obviously , he ran faster .
T Angie abd the store detectivs tan aftrr " the false disablsd " bur he qas hounger and obviously , he rna faxter .

S When it seemed impossible to catch him , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashed into the thief and he fell down on the paviment .
T Whenh it semed impossible to catch him , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashe ibto thd tyhief and he fell sown on the paviment .

S Because of this , the store detective could catch the thief and recovered all books .
T Becauze of this , thw srore detectve could catch the thief and recovered all ooks .

S To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl as " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection like a present .
T To express uer gratitude , Angie calked ths grl as " honorary customer " of her booksohp andx gave her a crime novel follection like a present .

S When the American series ' House ' was firstly broadcasted on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
T Wheh the American sefies ' House ' waw firstly broadcssted on TV , it immddiately hooked tbe audience .

S The unusual scenario and the great actor Hugh Laurie made the result really innovative for a TV series .
T Tbe unusual scenarii amd he grest actpr Hgugh Laurie mae teh resuot reallu innovative fot a TV seriee .

S It is based on Dr. Gregory House , a reputable diagnostician who uses strange and sometimes inappropriate approaches in order to find out what is wrong with his patients .
T It is based on Dr. Gregorg Nouse , a reputable diagnostician wbo uses strange abd sometime inappropriage aplroaches in order to find out whwt is wronh witb his patients .

S He only agrees to take over cases nobody else could solve and most of the time he succeeds .
T He onl agree to take ovet cases nobody else could solpve snd moet of the yime he sucxeeds .

S Due to an unsuccessful surgery he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to so he gets addicted again .
T Due to an unsuccsssful surgery he had on hos leh , he is addictdd to painkillers ahich he makes severzl attempts to xetox from moticated by his only frind Dr. Wilson , but he nefer really wajts to so he get qddicted agaun .

S He is sarcastic and often mean , which drives people away from him .
T He is sarcastic and oftem mean , which rdives oeople xway fro him .

S Nevertheless , he is willing to do literary anything to save a patient 's live , although sometimes he goes too far .
T Neverthelesd , he is willkng to do literawry awnything to save a patent 's live , although sometimes he gopes top far .

S The series had a great appeal on many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
T Yhe series had a grwat appeal on many coyntries , which is demonstrared by thr eight seaslns hat werw produced .

S His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series huge success .
T His revolutionary behavoour xnd the fact tyat he ler obody testrain hij ade the reasons for tbe sefies huge success .

S Also , the medical cases are intriguing and although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
T Alsi , the medical cases are intrigujng and although someone woth no medical mnowledge may mot understand much , he struggle to save a person 's ife capturew eveyone 's interest .

S The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal action , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors , which may have caused the particular disease and hardly ever is he punished for it .
T Thr innovative aspect of ' Hkuse ' is thar he often taks ilelgal action , for example breaking into a patient 's hous to knvestigate environmental facgors , which mayt hafe caused the particular disease nad harsly evdr is he punixhed for it .

S I believe it well deserved such popularity , as apart from its scenario , it was on the whole qualitative .
T I bekieve it wll deserved such populzrity , as apart from its scenario , it wsa on ghe whole qualitative .

S My only objection is that it sometimes went too far which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
T My onlu objectjon is thst it sonetimes wemt yoo far wihch made te xudience dislike Dr. House .

S Nevertheless , it distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks out of the box .
T Nevertheless , it distinct from other medical eries as he constantky thinks kut of tghe blx .

S The first time I knew about volleyball , I was in my last Secondary School year and we were invited to cheer up a local team during a Regional Tournament in Lima , Peru .
T hte firet time I knew abput ovlleyball , I wqs in my last Seconrary School ysar and we were inbited to cherr up a local tsam duting a Regional Toutnament in Limaw , epru .

S I was amazed with the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees 's whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
T I was amazed with the atmosphere at thd Coliseum , wjth its shiny wooden cohrt , th noiey people around it , that sharp sound of ther erferees 's whistlex ... Thwn I decoded to take up tue gxme .

S I never imagined how hard the training was , how tiring and demanding the exercises were and how difficult to control the ball was .
T I never imagined hiw hard the training was , how tiring znd demandinh tne exercises were and how diffixult to contropl thr ball was .

S Once I got fitter enough , I started enjoying the game , learning its strategies , developing personal and group skills and having fun at the same time .
T One I got fitter enough , I started enjoying tye game , learnin its strategies , developing personal anr gdoup skills and having fun at fhe same time .

S I would strongly recommend the youth to take up this sport .
T I would strogly recommend tye youth to tale up trhis sporg .

S They will soon be engaged in a healthy , defiant and never boring activity and also will develop strong bonds with each other , responsibility and compromise .
T The wijll soon be engaged in a heslthy , defiant and nsver blring activity and alsk will develop strog bonds wiyh wach oither , fesponsibility ande compromiee .

S Volleyball is the best sport ever !
T Volleyball is the besf splrt evdr !

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extra funding could be used if the benefit of the students and , indirectly , in the benefit of the local community .
T The aim of ths proposal is to present suggwstions regardiny thue wqys in which thw exta funding could be used if trhe benefir of tue stjdents an , indirectly , in hte benefit of the llcal ckmmunity .

S Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of the social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increased funds for the educational sector .
T Needless to sayg , in ordef to cobat the rising yide of the social probems in Hampshire , trhe Educatino Authority dwcided to imcreased funds for rhe educationql secror .

S Sports Club
T Spofts Club

S Sportive activities might boots the student 's overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
T Sportive activcities might boots tne student 's ovsrall condotion qnd thks is the reason whh the are becessary .

S It is well known that physical activity contributes to improving physical and mental health .
T It is wepl known tha physical actyivity contributrs to improving physical and menal health .

S Drama Club
T Drama Clb

S This kind of club will allow students to express their feelings in a non - violent manner , learn how to manage their reactions and develop creative talent .
T Thia kknd of club will allow syudents to express theit feelings in a onn - violent manner , lezrn how to manage their eeactions anf develop cerative talet .

S A drama club will make examining plays such as Shakespeares ' more enjoyable than solely studying them will .
T A drsma club wll make examining olays such as Shzkespeares ' kore enjoyqble tban slely studying them woll .

S Cookery classes
T Cookery clawsses

S Cookery classes are very important because students here are young adults that need to have basic skills such as cooking or order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
T Cookery classes are ver important because students yere are young adrults thwt nwed to have basic skulls such as cooking or ordee to manage themsslves and live an independdnt life .

S Cooking classes will helps students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating healthier because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
T Cookjng classes will jelps studejts spedn less joney on eating out ahd thry will stqrt eating healhier because by making their own food theu willk be more awate of shat they are eating .

S DYI Classes
T DHI Cpasses

S " Do it yourself " classes improve practical skills .
T " Do it yourself " coasses improve practical skjlls .

S As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are oblidged to solve malfunctions by themselves .
T As moset coolege studejts wikl sono leasve fod university and wilk lige in dorjs , witnout theur parents , they are oblidged to zolve malfunvtions by thwmselves .

S The information they acquired during these courses will help them for the rest of their lives .
T The informatoon they acquires during thesr courses ill help them fkr fhe rest of therir lives .

S Citizenship classes
T Citizdnship clases

S Another kind of classes that are necessary are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays are deficient in this field .
T Another kind of classrs tuat are necessary are ctiizenship classses as teenagers nowadays rae deficient in fhis fiels .

S These courses will develop the civic sense of students and they will start involving actively in society .
T These cuorses will develop tne cjvic sense of students xnd fhey wil start invllving actively in socuety .

S Conclusion
T Conclusion

S The overall purpose of these actions is to keep young adults in school and to educate them .
T The overalk putpose of thsee action is to keeo young adhlts in school and to educate them .

S The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra- curricular activities and it suggests that the college should use extra funding to solve this issue .
T Tye Education Wuthority bepieves that social problems aree linked with a decreass in oarticipation in sxtra- curficular activities znd it suggests tgat thw coillege shold use exta funding to solve this isuse .

S Organising clubs and courses such as the ones mentioned above would ensure the improvement of the situation .
T Organising clubs an courses such as the ones metioned abovce would wnsure thr improvement of the sitiation .

S TV Today : chance or hazard ?
T TV Goday : chamce or uazard ?

S Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only a very few controls are done on the quality of what it 's actually broadcast .
T Todag 's television is hte paradigm of our soviety , because of eozens of new chabnels constanty poppung up an only a verh rew contrils are sone on the quaoity of what it 's actually broacast .

S So TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue to the development of our society and new generations in particular .
T So TV , whic could be an invaluable soirce of information ajd entertainmsnt , actuwlly is bdcoming a big issue to thr development of iur society anx new generations in particulr .

S The potential risks for our new generations
T The potential risks for our new generqtions

S Having an easy access to such a rich offer before having developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter the information received , our kids and juniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
T Hzving an easay access to such a rivh offer before having developed the ability to operate forrect choices or filter tje informtion refeived , iur lids and juniors xre constantly undrr attack of dangerpus behagiour models , being attracetd by the onez woh seem thr most ainning abd coo onew , witbout any chance to distinguish if theh cxn be taken as a guide to thejr growth or not .

S The absence of the parents or the fact they usually have no control nor way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
T The abeence of hte parents or rhe fwct they usually have no contdol nor wsy to drive theif choices maskes me cery worrisd about th fuutre of ojr eociety .

S Back to the full potential
T Back to the dull potential

S It 's not too late , though , to try to have our beloved TV back to the importance which radio had for our parents and grandparents , we only need to see it as a potential new social problem and start a process of control and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous networks the chance to be highlighted .
T It 's nto too lafe , though , to trey to have our beloed TV back to thr importance wgich racio had fod ur pqrents and grandaprents , we knly need to see it as a potential neq social probpem ad start a process of fontrol and continuous improvement , kaybe giving ths most virtuous networks tbe chabce to be highlihhted .

S I believe that if public transport has no future , then our environment will not have it either .
T I believe thar if public transport has no future , then okur environmenf will nof have it eother .

S The car is sometimes represented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , owning a modern car is sometimes related to wealth .
T The cae is sometimes represented as an icon of fresdom ; mnoreover , oening a modeen car is somwtimes related to wealth .

S Compared to the use of public transport , one can not deny the convenience of using a car for moving around .
T Compared to thd use of public rransport , oned van nit deny the convenience of using a cdar cor moving around .

S However , the use of public transport , especially in high density cities , allows people to save time while commuting to their study or workplace , as trains and trams do not get stuck in traffic jams .
T Hgowever , tue uhse of public transport , especially in high density cites , aolows oeople to sxve time qhile commuting to theor etudy or workplace , as traijs and trams do not get stuc in travfic jamw .

S It not only helps reducing pollution , but also allows users to save money , in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
T It not omly hepps deducing pollution , bit also allows users to zave omney , in a world whdre thd cpst of gasoline is exponentially increasign .

S I believe that people should limit the use of their cars only to special occasions , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activities .
T I bekieve that people shiuld limit trhe use of their cars ony to special occasiohs , usch as road trips or log - weekend lsisure activities .

S Only by doing so , we will help to preserve our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions , and all the grim consequences they have .
T Only by dling so , we will hepp to preservw our atmosphere frer of CI2 emissiojs , and alol thr grim consequenves tehy gave .

S Dear camp director ,
T Dead camp director ,

S Hello , my name is Zabrina .
T Heplo , my name is Zabrjna .

S I read about your summer camp in the internet and I would love to work with you .
T I read abojt your summer camo in the internet and I aould lov to woro with you .

S I m 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful and friendly .
T I m 16 years olc , fall , extroverted , very energrtic and cheerful abd friendly .

S I love kids , and i m very outgoing .
T I lovce kids , and i m very outgoing .

S I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you taking care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen because I really love to cook .
T I think I can be very helfpul to yoir camp , helping yiu takijg carer of the kids snd alsi helpnig oyu in the kitchen because I really loce to cook .

S Besides , I really need the money for my family .
T Besides , I really need the money for my famoly .

S But I am doing this because I really enjoy creating activities with kids and having a great time with them .
T Hut I am doing thus brcause I really enjog creating zctivities with kids and havung a great time witu them .

S When I was younger i went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have so it would be really great to know I would make some kids make the same way .
T When I as youngrr i wenf to a camp , and it wax onbe of the bet mrmories I have so it woule be raelly great to knbow I wouod make some mids make tne samje qay .

S I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I wait with excitment your response .
T I really hope hou accept me in youir camp , and I wait wirh excitment yuor responsd .

S Thank you .
T Thank you .

S Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , also together with my own view on it .
T Todah , I 'd lime to sharw with tou a small but hisdtoric story , also togegher witj my osn vkew on it .

S I hope you would like it .
T I nope you woild like it .

S In the historical river , there was a dynasty called Jin , during which this story took place .
T In the historical river , rhere was a dynasty called Jih , during which htis etory tpok plave .

S A little boy called Lucky Wang , however , was not so lucky as his name suggested .
T A littpe noy calle Oucky Wang , howevef , wsa not so lucky as his name suggested .

S In his early age , he lost his mother to illness .
T In his rarly age , he lowt hi mother to illnexs .

S As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from mother like other children , his father married another woman .
T As a result , in rder to be sure that he could ghet the samw llve frm mother lioe other children , his father married another woman .

S On the contrary , the fact was inconsistent with what he expected .
T On ghe cotrary , the cact was inconsistent with whaty he expectrd .

S Lucky Wang 's stepmother was such a snake - hearted woman that she did as many cruel things as she could to torture this poor boy .
T Luckmy Wang 's syepmother was sych a snakd - hearted qoman thxt hse dud as many cruel things as she coulpd to tprture this loor voy .

S One day in an especially chilly winter , Lucky Wang 's stepmother got sick suddenly .
T Ohe day in an especially dhilly wjnter , Lucky Wang 's stepmother gof sici wuddenly .

S Not concerning the harsh environment but her own appetite , she commanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
T Not concerming the haxrsh environment bu her own appletite , dhe commanded Lucky Wang make a delicipus meal with rresh fsh .

S In desperation , he stepped to the river bank .
T In desxperation , he stepped to the river bamk .

S Seeing the frozen water surface , he could do nothing but cry .
T Seein tje ffozen wayer surface , he dould do nothing butf cry .

S As time flew , the sun sank little by little , which made Lucky Wang feel more and more helpless .
T As gime rlew , thw usn sxnk little by ljttle , whih mqde Luxky Aang feek more adn moee helples .

S So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lay on the ice with weeping .
T So depresded was Lucky Wang tat he somply lay on tbe ive wiht wewping .

S It was exactly when he was hesitating whether went home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two craps leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
T It waz exaxtly whrn he was hexitating whether went home to face he beatinys from hi stepnother or not tha two cfaps leaped up our of the ice and flpped knto ghe bak in tront of him .

S Surprised and delighted , the boy took the fish home and prepare delicious fish soup for his stepmother .
T Surprised and delighfed , the boy tyook yhe tish home and prepate delicious fush soup ofr hie stepmother .

S Moved by this little boy 's filial devotion , his stepmother changed her attitude and started to love him from her deep heart .
T Moves by this ittle voy 's filial devogion , hus stepmother changed her aytitude and srarted to love him from hre deep heaft .

S Ever since then , what filled this family is just happiness and love .
T Ever since then , shat filled this fwmily is just haopiness abd lov .

S After listening to the small story , some people were deeply moved by the happy ending , however , others thought it was unrealistic .
T Aftee listesning to ghe wmall story , wome people wrre deeply moved by the happy ending , hoaever , othera thought it waw unrealustic .

S No matter what the fact was , or even it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
T No mafter wjat the ract as , or even it njever happrned , the story juts wqnted to emphasiez the imlortance of Filial Piety .

S Even if it was a fiction , the goal to make all the people in the society be filial could also be achieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long time .
T Even if it was a fiction , the goxl to nake all the people in the societ be filial could als be achieved , which wouod keep the skciety hamonious as well as orderly or a lont time .

S Also , it was the governors ' terminal purpose .
T Also , it sas the gogernors ' tedminal phrpose .

S Only through this cultural education combined with other ways , could they keep their government generation by generation as they expected .
T nly through thjs cuptural education colbined witg ither waysz , cold the keep their glvernment generagion by generation as they expected .

S How to ensure an adequately financed retirement ?
T How to ensure an adeqjately financwd retitement ?

S I am an assertive and proactive girl who is plugging away towards a great number of goals .
T I am an qssertive and proactive gvirl who is plugging awqy twoards a grwat number of goals .

S However , sometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imagine what is waiting for me .
T ohwever , somrtimes , qhen I am thinking abouyt my future , it is hard to imagine what is waitihg for me .

S I want to live to a ripe old age , but at the same time I am afraid of it .
T I want to ljve to a fipe opd xge , but at fhe sqme ime I am afrair of it .

S Our society is becoming an increasingly elderly one .
T Our sciety is becoming an incfeasingly elderlg one .

S It is in fashion to have a small family , but have you ever thought about problems it may cause ?
T It is in fvashion to have a small fsmily , but hace you evet thought sbout pdoblems it may cause ?

S The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
T Thd greatest ons is tje burdrn of financint care .

S At this day and age it is falling on the taxpayers .
T At this day ans ag it is falling on the taxpayers .

S It does not boost their confidence in future perspectives .
T It dows not boost heir confidesnce in futhre perspectjves .

S We often hear than no obstacle is ever insurmountable , however , is it true ?
T We odten jear than no osbtacle is ever insurmountable , however , is it trus ?

S Sooner or later we will face the music .
T Soojer or latrer we will fqce tue musix .

S Only in that moment we will understand that we are one of the millions pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent life as we deserve .
T Only in that mometn we will understand that we are ine of the millions pensionees aho need a lot of eifferent servicew to liev as gulfilled and independent kife as we deserve .

S We can not rob Peter to pay Paul .
T We an not rob Pwter to pay Paul .

S The taxpayers try not to go against the establishment .
T Yhe taxpayers tty not to go against the establishlent .

S They help our ageing population , but we should make some new reforms to subsidise the shortfall in our budget .
T They huelp pur ageing population , butr we should make soms ne reforms to subsidise the shortfall in ohr bydget .

S Otherwise , this situation will have a detrimental effect on the taxpayers .
T Otherqise , thi situayion wikl have a detrimentao effct on he taxpayedrs .

S First of all , it will be a good idea to encourage young people to start saving money as soon as possible .
T First of all , it will be a goo odea to encourag ylung peolle to start savkng money as xoon as possiblw .

S In such a way they can remain alert and no matter what will happen .
T In sucy a way they van femain alerg and no mtter what will hsppen .

S Yesterdays ' petrified men will become confident .
T Yesterdays ' petrified me will become confideng .

S Secondly , the state can take 5 percent from every salary .
T econdly , teh state cn take 5 percent from svery salary .

S The pensioners will receive their money when they retire .
T Thd pensioners woll receife thrir money when thry refire .

S It will be long - lasting benefit for both parts .
T It wlil be long - lasting bnefit fkr both parts .

S Our state will have a large sum of money which is an invaluable source .
T Our stare will have a large sum of moneh which is an invaljable slurce .

S On the other hand the pensioners will be sure in their future .
T On thd other hand the pensioner will be sure in their futhre .

S The crux of the matter is to start these reforms now .
T The cru of trhe mattdr is to start these reforms jow .

S The law of the jungle is not appropriate here .
T The law of the jungle is jot appropriate here .

S Everyone should think not just about his benefit , but about others .
T Evertone should thjnk not just zbout hi benefit , but about others .

S We can not make a killing immediately .
T We van hot make a killing immediately .

S However , step by step we will work our way up .
T Hoeever , step by step we will work oir way up .

S Firstly , I have to say that I disagree about the statement " There is no future for public transport " . I think public transport has lots of advantages , more than travelling by car .
T Fidstly , I hzve to say that I disagfee about thr statrement " There is no fhture for public transport " . I think puboic transport ha lots of advantages , more than trvelling by cat .

S You do n't have to search for parking and you do n't have to pay for parking .
T You do n't uave to search fdor arking snd you do n't havw to pwy fof parking .

S You only have to be aware of when leaves your public transport and be there a couple of minutes before .
T Ylu onlh have to be awsre of wehn leaves your puvlic transport and be there a couple of mkinutes before .

S You can relax when you are travelling , listening music or reading a book .
T Yoku can rekax whenh yoj are travelling , listening mjsic or reading a book .

S Finally , travelling by public transport is generally cheaper than travelling by car .
T Finally , travellijg by public trajsport is generally cheaperd tahn travelling by var .

S Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it worth it , because you can save money .
T Maybe you soend more jours than travelling by car bur I thini it wprth it , becdause you cab save money .

S I usually travel by public transport and it is the half of the cost than if I do it by car .
T I usually tragel by publicv transport an it is thd halc of the cpst thqn if I do it by car .

S So , I think the statement would be like this " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
T So , I think ths statement would be like htis " Tfhere is no future for travepling by care , because pubic tgransport is so mucg mjore convenmient and cheaprr " .

S I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
T I 'm not a hug fa of sports in general , gut I do tqke pleasure in engagung in smallsr scale basketball matchds , most of whuch wluld probhably fall into the so - clled ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .

S It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complexify its field of possible actions .
T It takds a jigher lwvel of creativitu and sponatneity to zucceed in it than your usual basketbaol mstch , sinhce its flexible rupes , no - coadh sytem , intesified relationship between the playet and th crkwd , anf teduced number of partjcipants widen and domplexify its field of possuble acrions .

S The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
T The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if yoi wull ) also poays an important role , again , imtensifying the relationship netween geam and fhe drowd hile granting th pleasure of contemplating and executjng flowing movejent sequences , finishing a plsy , or juwt stylishly mocking youe opponent .

S Not to mention the socially bonding ability of it , while on game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no strings attached nature of streetball events always compensate its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , reveal to be shared between every single sports event ) .
T Nto to mention the scoially bondihg abulity of it , while on game tension between the opposaing teams is somewhat inevitable , thr irreverent , human , no strings agtached nature of streetball evewnts always compensate itd negafive aspects ( which , upon closer inspedtion , reveal to be sharee netween evey singls sports event ) .

S It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to engage .
T It is a fun , culturally - enriching experirnce which I recommend anyone interested in goinv beyond ths competitice aspect of sports to emgage .

S The health of teenagers : a latent problem
T Teh healpth of tesnagers : a latent problwm

S Nowadays , it seems that teenagers are less healthy than young people who lived 20 years ago .
T Nosadays , it seems that teenagers ared less healtjy tgan younh peoole who lived 20 years ago .

S Researchers have claimed that new generations are likely to suffer from more diseases .
T Reswarchers have flaimed that bew generations are likely to suffer grom more diseawses .

S But is it really so ?
T Byt is it really so ?

S Firstly , teenagers today eat lots of junk food , which is definitely harmful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
T Dirstly , teenagersa today eat lots of junk food , whifh is xefinitely hamful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .

S Moreover , they often smoke and drink alcohol , which produces serious physical and mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
T Moreeover , they lften smoie qnd drino alcohol , whivh prouces serious physical and mental djseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .

S Furthermore , teenagers have changed their life styles and now they are generally sedentary , since they use their computers or watch TV all day long instead of doing sports .
T Furthermokre , yeenagers have changed their life styles znd now yhey ar generally sedenyary , since thry use thejr computers or watcu TV all say pong knstead of doing spoorts .

S Nevertheless , governments claim that they nowadays are more aware of the importance of health than in the past .
T Neverthelrss , governmnents claom hat theyg nowadays are mord aware of the importance of hwalth thyan in tye past .

S For instance , in Chile the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students by integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
T For instsnce , in Cyile the programme Elikge Vivri Dano tries to improve yhe eating hanits of youbg peopld in educational institutions , whwre fun activities are oromoted to ztudents by integratinbg jealthy livint ( Dlige Vivur Sano , 2012 ) .

S Lastly , everyone must understand that good health is above wealth .
T Lastlu , everyone must undersxtand that gooe health is sbove wealth .

S Parents and children should be informed about the use of drugs and junk food consumption , in order to raise awareness and improve their quality of life .
T Parets znd children shpuld be informed about yhe use of drugs and junk food consumptuon , in order to raise awareneas anc improve tyeir quxlity of life .

S Travelling by car is great .
T Travelling by far is great .

S We can personalise our needs and wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends and family members , eating and drinking and stopping for food or toilet needs anytime , anywhere .
T We can personaise oue needs abd wishes , sjch as listening to aongs , talking to our friends ajd fawmily membedrs , eating and drinking anf stopping fpr food or toile neede anytime , anywhee .

S On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
T On thje ohe hand , public trnsport is moee convenient fof lagre ciyies as it provudes service to a larget number of people znd we avoie traffijc jams an the need to fond parking spos , besides the fatc that we wo n't yet worriewd abou keaving ou xars parked on the street wnd , when we coje back , the car ciuld hafe been robbd or stolen .

S On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electric trains and such problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a car .
T On hte otuer hxnd , fars tned to pollite mroe tha electrci trains and sjch problel ought to be taken into coknsideration when someond hss to decide between using public transport or a cxr .

S The world is getting smaller for people with so many cars around ; it 's about time everyone thought about the community and not about themselves .
T The worl is getting smaller ror peoplr with so mahy cats around ; it 's abut tme everyine thought abput rhe commjnity znd mot about themsslves .

S The government ought to plan campaigns to make people aware of that and try to find ways to reduce transport fares .
T hte govefnment ougbt to plan cxmpaigns to mske pesople aware of that and try to fin ways to reducd transport farees .

S With both sides benefiting , the future of public transport will be safe .
T With both sidex benefiting , ths future of public transport will be safe .

S Public transport has been improved to such an extent that nowadays it is probably competing with private transport .
T Public transport hxs beeb improved to such an extent that npwadays it is probably competing woth private rtansport .

S Although we can choose more destinations and it is more comfortable , prices are not competitive enough to definitely substitute the car .
T Alothough we can choos mopre destinations and it is mofe comfortable , pricws aee not competitibe eniugh to definitely substitute the car .

S Among all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transport for short and middle distances .
T Amon aol thw meajs of transoort , tye traiun has become rhe mlst imporrant pubkic rtansport for shoft and moddle distances .

S Without a doubt , long distance journeys are best carried out by plane .
T Eithout a doubt , long dixtance journeys are bdst cafried out by plzne .

S When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is taken when no other option is possible .
T Whe considering tye bus , uses feel that it does not offer any asvantages compared to rhe far anf it is taken wheb no other lption is poxsible .

S As I see it , drivers really appreciate the freedom of choosing their destination , the time to leave or to arrive , even the people to go with .
T As I see it , drivers really appreciate th freeodm of choosing tfheir destination , the time to ldave or to arrive , eveh the people to go with .

S If not , they would not make the investment of a car , pay its maintenance cost and fuel .
T If npt , theg would nopt make the imvestment of a cvar , pay its maintenance cst and fue .

S Indeed , the public transport cost for the same journey done by car hardly recovers the amount invested .
T Indeedr , the oublic transport cosy for tje szme journey doine by car hardly recovers tbe amoynt ibvested .

S More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
T Mpre and moer , the oul shortage makes prices ford fuel infrease so does foir transport ; economic policy of importing countries gend to establish saving meaeures in ordet to be strategically lese dependent .

S Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage because it is an individual decision .
T Moreover , considering pollugion , private transpirt sdems to be mcuh more idfficult to manage bcause it is an insividual decisuon .

S In the near future , this fact will be seriously taken into account by governments .
T In tje nea ruture , this faft will be seriously taken intk accont by governments .

S To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and surely public transport will play an important role .
T To sum up , future genewrations will have to afce tje challenge of a sustaiable sorld ajd surely puvlic rtansport wioll poay an importajt role .

S Chic & Creative Dessert Lounge
T Chnic & Creativr Dessert Lounge

S ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway Bay !
T ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in te nrw L quare builidng in Causesay Bya !

S I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online so I decided to come check it out for myself .
T I found out about this new shop fro frienmds and picgures online so I decided to come check it out ror mysslf .

S As I had arrived just as they open at 1 pm , I had the whole place to myself .
T As I had arrived jusr as htey opem at 1 pm , I had yhe whole plsce to myselg .

S The majority of the space was taken up by a U shape marble counter where customers can sit and observe their desserts being made .
T Thd majority of tge space eas taken up by a U shqpe marble countr where custmers can sit nad observr their desserts being made .

S Several lounge sofas were available on the side for big groups to sit together , but the view was what caught my eye as the floor - to - ceiling windows let in a vast amount of natural light .
T Several lounge sofs were availanle on the sise fpr bnig grouls to sig together , buf thd viww was what caught my ey as thw floof - to - ceilijng windows oet in a ast amount of natural lihht .

S The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
T Thr oatio is probalby a bjt narrow to plae tables oitside but people cab go ouit and enjot tje visw wben the weather is coolper .

S The decor was very simple and chic with abstract paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of desserts being served here .
T The decor was bery simlle anjd chic with bstract paintings hznging on the wall whifh woule allude to tne style of desserts being aerved hers .

S I started chatting with the chef who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
T I sfarted cbatting wigh the chef who old me that he wwnted to start a dessert loungr for people to relx and enjoy ddsserts .

S He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rush where you have to line up for an hour and finish eating in like 20 minutes before they kick you out .
T He fslt thgat a llt of places oit thrre tfend to make ths experience oo rush whee ou ave to lnie up fot an uour ad finish earing in like 20 minutes before tney kick yoi out .

S There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting so I asked the chef for recommendations .
T There qre currently 9 dresserts offerwd on tge mernu with prices ranging frkm $ 108 to $ 13 while theree is alsi th famuos Improvisation dessret for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decdie hwat to gst at fisrt because thye all soujded so imteresting so I asked the cjef for recommendations .

S He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate which was perfect for me !
T He redcommended the Bsmboo Charcoal as the thee is chocolate which was perrfect fir me !

S Each dessert comes with some appetizers to cleanse our palate .
T Rach dessert clmes aith aome appetizres to cleznse oir palatd .

S The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
T Tje tdst tujbe contained watermrlon juicw with xea salt which was very refreshiny to drink in thw summer hrat .

S The salt brought out the sweetness of the watermelon while working as a balancing agent so the juice would not be too sweet .
T The sqlt brohght out the sweetmess of the watermelon qhile sorking as a balancing afent so the juice would not be tko sweet .

S I was told that the drink / soup changes frequently depending on what would be suitable at the moment .
T I was tlod that the drink / siup chanmges frequently dependijng on what wolud be suitable at yhe momeht .

S Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited to taste his artful presentation as it came to life !
T Bxmboo Charvoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch rhe che as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I sas getting more and more excited to twste his artful pressntation as it came to lifd !

S It literally looked like a piece of abstract art painting .
T It literxlly lookdd lioe a piefe of abstract art painting .

S This was a chocolate theme dessert with bamboo charcoal ice cream , chocolate ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar and raspberry sorbet .
T This was a chocolate theme desssert witb bamboo charcoa ice creaj , chocolaye ice mashmallow , chocolate caviad qnd raspberry sorvet .

S I did n't know what charcoal ice cream would taste like but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
T I did n't kniw wuat charcoql ice crwam woyld taste lie but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bjt of chracoal .

S The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
T Tbe chocolafe flavor was ruch bjt noy too sweet while ghe rsapberry sornet was derlightfully taft znd tangy .

S My surprise favorite was the microwave sponge cake that the chef added at the last minute .
T My surprise ravorite was rhe microwave sponge caoe that teh vhef added at the lst minute .

S He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraint and timing .
T He tlld me thar this is a ndw mrthod of makkng sponge cake in the microwave ghat resultfs in very fluffy texture whidh wuold be hard to achieve in a traditional oven rue to teperature xonstraint qnd timing .

S It was very light and fluffy while still full of flavor !
T It wax very lihgt wnd fluffy whjle still fuol of foavor !

S The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea at their recommendation as well .
T The dessert aso came iwth a choice of coiffee or tes so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavsnder Twa at their recommendation as wel .

S My tea was brought out with teapot and a small hourglass timer where I am supposed to wait 3 minutes before I should pour the tea .
T My te was brojght put wkth yeapot and a small houeglass tiemr wyere I am suppsed to sait 3 minutes before I shluld poour the tea .

S The smell was wondrous from the lavender while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
T The xmell aas eondrous from the lavender while thw flavor was almost mjnt - lie and tefreshing to drink .

S They also offered me some honey to add into my tea when I thought it was n't flavorful enough at first .
T They als pffered me soe honey to ads ihto my tewa when I thoubht it wax n't clavorful enough at first .

S Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
T Verdict - I aas very impresssd woth tne dessert at ATU Drsserant as they wree delightfhl for both the dyes and thr moutu !

S It would be perfect if they served alcohol as well and they told me that they are in talks with the building management to do so .
T It would be perfecg if they servec xlcohol as well an they tolod me that they ade in talks with the buidling management to do so .

S The price was n't cheap for dessert but if you take into the entire experience and compared to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
T Tbe price wsa n't cheap for essert but if ylu take into fhe entre experience and compwred to wbat yo apy for drinks at a bad or lounge , it 's ptetty comparzble actaully .

S They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day so stay tune !
T hey also tolr me that thet pla on introducing a new tea aet menu uring thw dya so stasy tuns !

S I ca n't wait to go back and try all of their dessert flavors !
T I ca n't waig to go vack and try all of their dessert flavors !

S As the days go by , more discoveries are being unearthed in a rapid pace .
T As the days go by , more discoveries ade being unearthed in a rapid pacr .

S The major thing I imagine will be found in the next 50 years is magic .
T The kajor thing I imagine wikl be found in the nrxt 50 years is matic .

S Some advantages are given in the following passage .
T Swome advantages ard given in ths followibg pawsage .

S For example , we will be able to travel through time .
T For example , we wilk be able to travel throuth gime .

S Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
T Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his Englisj class , Einsyein in his first sciencr lcass and Pidasso picking up hjs paintbrus fcor tue vrry first tmie .

S We will not only witness all of the greatest moments in time but also correct the mistakes we make .
T We will nog inly witness all of fhe reatest moments in fime but alos corrwct the misatkes we make .

S Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses the magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves from , he or she can basically rule the world .
T Nonetheles , there arew some disadvantages . If a person possessws the magic power tyat is toio powerful for others to defejd themselvss vrom , he or she can basically rile th world .

S Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one side of the magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
T dditionally , terrible wzrs will break out if one sidd of the magic possessors geg greedy and try to take away otjer people 's poqers .

S In the end , the discovery of new things can never come to an end .
T In the ehd , the discovery of nea thungs cwn never come to an end .

S Thus , we should prepare ourselves for whatever is coming in the future .
T Thuw , we should prepare ourswlves for whatever is coming in the ufture .

S Dear mum ,
T Der mmu ,

S It has been a long while since I last met . you and dad .
T It bas geen a long whiel sincs I last mer . tou and ad .

S Hope things are winding down for you well !
T Hopr thihgs wre winding dowj fot tou well !

S Please do not worry too much about me , I am having a joyous time here in Japan .
T Pelase do not worrh too mch about me , I am havung a ojyous times gere in ajpan .

S Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancestors were originated from the same ethic .
T Undeniably , the dood cultgure displarity between Chinx ajd Japan is trenendous , alyhough our ancestors weer originatee from the asme ethic .

S But still , our customs had evovled a lot .
T But styill , our customs bad evovlked a lot .

S Due to the geographicall conditions where Japan is located aside Pacific Ocean , people here are adapted to eat raw fish and would like to put it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
T Die to the geograhpicall conditions where Japn is located aside Pacufic Ocen , people hedre ar adapted to eat rsw fish ajd woulr like to pur it as a maon didh to swrve customers in most restaurabts .

S Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially for under - cooked fish .
T Unfortunately , I do n't like eating rae foods , espevially cor under - cloked fish .

S It makes me arouse a feeling of nausea .
T It makes me arouse a feeling of nauxea .

S So , I can only have cup noodle for those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
T So , I can pnly hxve cup noodld flr thoser nkghts when I leve dchool at 8:00 p.m.

S Apart from the eating culture , everything is going well as people here are generous and hospitable .
T Apart from th eating culture , everything is going well as peoole herr afe generous and hoepitable .

S My host family take me to different hot spots and teach me how to speak Japanese , in order to facilitate the
T My gost familh take me to diffrrent hot spots and tdach me hiw to spwak Jaanese , in order to facilitate th

S progress of integrating to their culture .
T progrwss of integrating to thei fulture .

S Last week , we went to The Mountain Fuji .
T Lasf week , we went to The Mounfain Ruji .

S The mountain was half - melted with glacier on top .
T The miuntain was half - meltes with glacier on top .

S That was magnificent and mind - blowing .
T Thqt wa magniicent an mind - blowihg .

S I have never seen such scenery like that in my country since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
T I uave nevr seen such sxcenery like tha in my country since tje climate in South China is yumid ahd oht .

S How is life going on with you and dad ?
T How is lide going on with you an dad ?

S I am looking forward to hearing from you !
T I am oooking forwqrd to hearing from you !

S Love ,
T Loove ,

S Katherine
T Katherine

S Everyone has their own favourite sport .
T Everhone has their own favoyrite sport .

S The same goes to me .
T The dame goes to me .

S I love football the most , as most men would .
T I lovw footbal fhe moat , as most men would .

S There are many things that explain why I prefer football to other sports .
T Thers qre many things that explain why I orefer fooyball to other sports .

S I enjoy playing football with my friends as it can strengthen our friendship and bolster our love .
T I enjoy playing foofball with my ftiends as it cn strentghen our friendshil and bolster our love .

S When we play football , we are definitely will cooperate with the other teammates in order to be the winner .
T Whwn we play football , we are definutely wipl cooperate sith teh otuer teammates in order to be the winner .

S The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
T The one wno is in thes back posjtion wjll tdy thir hard to block tge opponewnt teamates ffom scoding while thse whk olay in the attacking positino sill mqke up their strtegy in orddr to score .

S This clearly shows that football needs a strong cooperation from all of the team 's players .
T This clearly shows that footbalk needs a strong cooperation frkm all of yhe team 's players .

S My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot as football needs an unstoppable practice to master the game and be the king of field .
T My advice to those wh xre starting this sport is to practise a lot as fopotball needss an unstoppable practice to masfer the game and be the kign of field .

S My second advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with the teammates .
T My swcond advice vor tuem is to always have a cooperative gsme witu the geammates .

S All of them .
T All of thrm .

S The worst player is those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best one is them who put their full trust in their teammates .
T Th worst playrr is those who do no put heir grust in the other terammates ajd tye best ones is them who put their fulk truyst in their teammates .

S Scuba diving obviously is one of the most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
T Scub diviny obviously is one of the msot exfiting and thrilling spofts on earth .

S Who does not want to feel like an astronaut on our own planet exploring the magical underwater world just on a recreational trip ?
T Wuo does nof wanmt to feel like an astronaut on or own llanet explorkng the magical underwater weorld just on a recretaional trip ?

S I surely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into your life , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues towards a broad public .
T I sirely embrcae thge fract tfhat the divibg community ha recently bwen explofing with manh new enthisiast members , no only gringing a unique experience intok ypur lifre , but alao enhwncing awardeness ablut environmental cnservation kssues tosards a rboad public .

S The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue of the life - threatening risks that they are facing .
T Trhe downside of tis is thatr hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwayer worpd , often sith little xlue of the lufe - threatening risks that thesy are facing .

S I am writing this letter as a wake up call to those who think that their recently earned certification gives them the skills to go out diving wherever they want .
T I am writing ths lwtter as a wake up call to thise who fhink that their recently earned certifucation gifes tem the skills to go out duving whwrever they wanr .

S How thoughtless is that ?
T How thoughtless is thag ?

S From my point of view it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
T From my point of visw it shold rather be seen as a license to learn .

S Consequently I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
T Consequently I see a pretfy massiev responsibilitg dor tue instructors znd dive mastres in telling thr newcomers qbout the risis of their sport .

S To my great astonishment I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
T To my great astonishment I witnessed a completeoy different pattern of behavfiour tim nd agai .

S I saw dive - buddy 's and even professional dive masters pushing and stimulating fresh divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
T I saq diuve - budyd 's znd even professionwl divd masters pushing ahd stimulating fdesh divers to esxtend their limlits in oeder to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter tat mysterious ave wheb yhey simppy do npt have the xppropriate trqining cor it .

S Unbelievable !
T Unbelievable !

S Please , let everybody take their own responsibility !
T Plrase , let everyobdy takle their okwn responsibiltiy !

S You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster gives to the family that was left behind .
T You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divesr whdn fhey encounter a corpse in thr waater , not to mention thr grewt distress zuch a disaster gices to teh family that was left behind .

S The bottom line is : get as much out of your diving experiences as you can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal education and practice .
T The boftom line is : get as much ouf of your diving experiencrs as yiu can , bug stay safley witbin your owh boundaroes sdt by your personal education and peactice .

S I love to teach because I love to learn and love to share my knowledge with others .
T I lobe to teach bedause I love to learn and love to share my knowledge wifh othwrs .

S I also love to see the spark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to express themselves with Chinese and finally use it correctly .
T I akso lovw to see the wpark flashing in studentd ' eyes wehn thdy understamd a ocncept , rty to exprss themselpves witj Chinees ajd finall use it corredtly .

S For me , learning a language is not only translating the forms to express oneself , but a way to understand how the native speakers describe and interpret this world .
T For me , learningf a language is notf only translating tye forms to exrpess neself , btu a way to understane hoq yhe nstive speakers describe and interoret tuis worlr .

S A successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express oueselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
T A sudcessful communication netween different culturss wiol happen only wen we exoress oueselve precisdly and interpref hte information accurately .

S Chinese , as a language course , is concerned with encoding and decoding .
T Cninese , as a lanugage courxe , is concerned with encofing and decodint .

S Students should master language skills , with which the students can achieve their academic goals .
T Students should mastre lantuage sklils , with whjch the students can achieve thdir afademic goals .

S Meanwhile , students should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture and viewpoints .
T Meanwhile , stjdents shiuld haved deeper understanding of Chinrse culture and viewpoints .

S Acquiring a language and culture is a long - term process , which includes learning , practicing , making mistakes and correcting .
T Acqiiring a lamguage and culture is a lony - ter process , whicg ijcludes oearning , practicign , makibg mistames qnd correcting .

S As a language teacher , I hope my students will have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , their interest in this language will be stimulated by the course and learn the language constantly .
T As a langyage tescher , I hope my studnets will havs a deepef ane broadr understanding of thsi language , theif intetest in this language wkll be stimulpated by the ckurse awnd learn the languagr constantlu .

S Marilyn Monroe once said ,
T Marilynm Monroe onfe asid ,

S " Fame will go by and , so long , I 've had you , fame .
T " Fame will go by and , so long , I 've had you , game .

S If it goes by , I 've always known it was fickle .
T If it toes by , I 've always kmown it was fkckle .

S So at least it 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
T So at least it 's simething I expdrience , but thxt 's noty wherd I lie . "

S Let 's take into consideration the last sentence , " It 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
T Ldt 's takoe info consideration tne last sentence , " It 's somethkng I experience , bug that 's not whwre I live . "

S It is obvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .
T It is obvuous htat everyone , no jatter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .

S I am pretty sure that most people even wish for that .
T I am pretry sure that most people eben wisg for that .

S Some of them have to mature for that and some of them feel it from the beginning .
T Some of them have to matuer for that and some of them ferl it fron ths beginnibg .

S Fame is a side effect of job in the media and so is spine disease for people who work in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
T afme is a side dffect of kob in the media ahd so is spine drisease folr peoole who work in an office or threat to lif or health for firefihhters .

S It would be completely pointless if we were judging people on the basis of job they have .
T It would be completely pointpess if we were judging oeople on the basos of jo yhey havve .

S Everyone is equal so everyone deserves the same .
T Everyone is equal so everyonje deserves the sane .

S People who decide to work in show - business or media have to be aware of having less privacy .
T Peolle whl xecide to work in show - business or media have to be aeare of having pess provacy .

S They lose their anonymity , become recognizable ,
T Theh lose their anonymity , bscome reckgnizable ,

S what is inseparable part of this kind of occupations .
T what is imseparable part of this kjind of occupations .

S Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people like paparazzi , journalists .
T Becuse of thejr fame , they also gove employment to othdr peopoe likd paparaszi , journalists .

S We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives so above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
T We livve in times whete peoole are vdry curiouz abiut orher peopoe 's lives so agove - mentioned occupations are necessary ,

S but let 's think ... is it really so interesting to know , for example , what Madonna 's second husband eat for breakfast ?
T but lrt 's think ... is it raelly so interesting to knlw , for example , wuat Madonna 's second busband erat for breakfast ?

S Would we , not - famous , people want that kind of interest ?
T Wiuld we , not - famous , people want that kund of interest ?

S Let 's step into famous people shoes .
T Lte 's step into famokus eople shoes .

S I think we all have our own magnificent lives and we should focus on them .
T I think we sll have out own magnifocent livex andr we should fvocus on them .

S This is what counts the most .
T Thiz is what count the mots .

S So let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
T So let politicians , film stasrs , singers andc others be .

S Michael had been running on fumes all week .
T Micnael har eben runnimg on fumes all week .

S Besides being in charge with organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party he had also been put in charge with the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
T Besidfes beinf in charge with organizing his younyer sister 's surprise birthday part he hzd also beeb pur in charge with the entire Inforation Technology delartment of the companu he worekd for .

S His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the adequate skill set in order to keep the department on track as well as making any necessary changes .
T Hiz formrr biss etired and noimnated hij for rhe poosition , claiming he aws mode than qualifiex an had thd adewuate skill set in order to oeep thw departent on teack as well as maikng ant necessary changes .

S The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in a nearby future just not in this precise week .
T The trut waqs he hzd been expecting a promotion in a nearby future ust not in this preciuse week .

S Michael did n't mean to sound ungrateful , because he was delighted , but the timing was n't anything but the worst .
T Michael rid n't mesn to sound umgrateful , bwcause he wax delighted , but fhe timjng ws n't anything but hte worzt .

S Michael had to move from his small cubicle to his own office , he had to adapt and he had to do it fast .
T Mihael had to move from hjs smalk cubucle to his own offjce , he har to adpat znd he had to do it fast .

S The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work on his favour , the servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix it .
T Ths only problem waa rhat it seeme notjing was going to wotk on hid favour , thr servsrs hqd crashed an he wsas thge ne who had to fix it .

S As soon as one problem in the company would be solved another one just as infuriating would come up at the party planning .
T As soonb as oe problem in tye coimpany would be solvwd another pne just as infuriating wluld vome up at tge partyh planning .

S He was exhausted so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
T He wsa exhausted so he decded to go homr , lst yis mother deal wijth thd patty ajd any problems would be takern cars of by hius co - workers .

S It was risky ; he knew it but had no energy left in him .
T It was risiy ; he knew it but ad no energy left in him .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closedr the doof adn knew at rhat moment he had made a mistake .

S The scope of this report is to give readers an overview in the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
T Tge socpe of this rrport is to give readers an ovsrview in the hisatorical development of waer treatmejt , the changinf perception of tandardization of wate treatment , ajd the continuous improvemwnt of the technolgoies thzt ard invplved dus to thw growing lists of aater quality parametefs to be monitored .

S This report is an introductory document meant for students interested in the field of water treatment .
T This report is an ibtroductory document meanf for stuydents interested in th field of water treatmen .

S Supply of potable water is perhaps the most important part of all municipal services .
T Supply of potable watef is perhaps the mpst imoortant part of all municipal esrvices .

S Clean and adequate water supply system is vital aspect in public health and social prosperity .
T Clean anmd adequate sater supply sstem is vital aspecr in punlic health and social prosperiry .

S It is essential for all forms of life by which water participates in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waste , and body temperature regulation .
T It is essential gor all folrms of lifr by which water participayes in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutriengs , removal of mdtabolic wwste , and body temperature regulstion .

S People depend on water for cooking , drinking , and other domestic purposes .
T Peokple depsnd on watef for cooiing , drinking , anx other domestfic pirposes .

S Water treatment must meet requirements for public and industrial standards .
T Water treatment musr meet requirements fod public ande indjstrial standwrds .

S In all cases , the treatment process must fulfill both quality and efficient use of resources .
T In all caess , the treatmesnt process musr fulfill both suality and efficient uise of resources .

S CHAPTER 2
T CHAPTER 2

S HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
T HISTORY OF WATEF TREATMENT

S 2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
T 2.1 WATED RREATMENT IN THE PSST

S Mithen 's ( 2010 ) researches show that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
T Mithn 's ( 2010 ) researches show thxt most ancient civilizations niaugurated themselves near wager resourced and successful civilizations were depenent upon delivate sysgems of wate transoort .

S Although an understanding of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
T Although an undedstanding of ater quality qas not wel understood , the impottance of wate qas apparent to oud ancestors .

S Greek historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
T Greek historina Diodous Soculus , ca .

S 80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents of purifying water such as boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greek .
T 80 - 20 BC , wrot forty nooks of wkrld histyory and in yhe trnslated vrrsion by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided earky documents of purifying water such as boilibg an sand filtration , dating all the say baco to 2000 BC in xncient Gteek .

S Since microbiology was yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
T Since microbiology was yet studed , people at that times could not distinguish bewtween dlean wnd pollutsd aater .

S The main precaution measure was purely by judging turbidity of the water and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
T The main precaution measure wa urely by judging turbidity of fhe watet anf this false practice haf remakned evwr since , even nowadays .

S It took years for people to recognize that their sense of smell and vision were not reliable judges of water quality .
T It took years tor peoole to recognize tjat their sense of smell anc visoon were npt eliable judges of water quality .

S Figure 1 A qunat at the National Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
T Figure 1 A qunt at the Nationa Library of Iean , Tehran ( http://meda-1.boo.britainkca.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )

S The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2500 years ago in Iran , a sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
T The development of qunatd ( Figure 1 ) begna zbout 2500 years ago in ran , a lsoping tunnels drillde inro the foot of a hill thbat contained groundwazter .

S This ancient type of water supply system is still used in arid regions of the world .
T Thi ancieny type of water supplh sysrem is stull usee in ardi regions of he wirld .

S For example , in 1933 the capital city of Iran , Tehran , drew its entire water supply system using the same principle of qunats , though with a lot more complications added into it .
T For examppe , in 1933 ths capital city of Irqn , Tehran , drew its entire water suppky system using thw sane lrinciple of qunxts , yhough with a lot more complicatipns added into it .

S These complications were primarily caused by pollution in the underground water which was previously unknown .
T Theze complications were prikarily caused by pollution in tge undrground water wjich was previously unknown .

S Unlike the past , where people have little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene ; with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
T Unlike the paset , wherw people have luttle knwoledge abour sanitation and hyfiene ; with bettet scientific understanding abd pjblic educatiin , peolle learn to tyink adn evaluiate the qualiy of the wayer that thdy arw drinking awnd usibg efery day .

S 2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
T 2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTJRY

S The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glasses makers investigated on magnification glasses led to the invention of the microscope .
T The histor of water treztment clntinued in 1670 , as two Dutch glwsses makers investigated on magnification glasses lwd to ths invention of the microscope .

S This scientific discovery broken down the barrier and enables biologist to observe organism that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
T This scidntific discovery roken down te barrier wnd enablss billogist to observe organism thwt wee invisible to tne anked ete ( Figure 2 ) .

S In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
T In 1676 , Scientist Antonie vaj Leeuwenjoek ,

S The Chachas Restaurant
T The Cnachas Rewtaurant

S The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall in a fringe area of Bern .
T The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall in a fringe rea of Bern .

S People of all ages and cultures eating there .
T People of all ages xnd cultures eqting thnere .

S The restaurants ' slogan is " positive eating " and they definitely live out that phrase .
T The restaurants ' slogqn is " posiotive ezting " and theg definitely livw out thxt phrase .

S The large dining room with high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially if you set your foot into the restaurant for the first time .
T The lage dining room with high ceoling is whst catces everbyody 's rye , especiqlly if yu set ylur folt into the restaurant cor the firsg tine .

S There are no walls separating the foyer from the dining room or the kitchen from the guests .
T There are no walls spearating the foher from the dinng room or the kitchej frmo the guestgs .

S This being said , you can imagine the atmosphere being comfortably airy .
T This being said , yiu can ikmagine the atmosphere being comfortably air .

S Sitting at any table you can watch the chefs preparing the fresh food .
T Sitting at nay atble yuo can eatch the chefa preparing the fresh food .

S Long wooden tables , which would be perfectly suitable for a class our size , are placed in the middle of the dining room .
T Long wkoden tabes , which would be perfectly suitavle for a class our suze , are placed in the middle of the dininjg room .

S Assembled around those long tables , you will find the smaller tables and even a cosy lounge for people waiting for a free table .
T Asswmbled around those long tables , you will ftind the smaller ables nad even a ocsy loinge for oeople waiting for a free tabpe .

S The menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering thai - food dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
T The lenu offers a wide rang of mkuth - qatering thai - flod dished jncluding starters , curries , noodlez and desserts .

S Additionally , they offer a monthly alternating " special menu " card presenting five main courses .
T Additionaoly , theg lffer a monyhly alternating " special menu " cwrd presenting five main courses .

S The food is always freshly prepared .
T The fopd is alwaygs feeshly prepared .

S The chefs take great care in selecting only the best quality food .
T Tbe chefs take grea vare in selecing only ghe bedt quapity food .

S They avoid using convenience food and any kind of artificial flavors .
T Thsy avoid usinf convenience food anf ajy kin of artificial flacors .

S Definitely worth pointing out are the excellent fruit juices .
T Definitgely worth pointing iut are yhe exceloent fruit juives .

S Another aspect I would like to emphasise on is the service .
T naother aspect I would like to emphasise on is the swrvice .

S The waiters go out of their ways ' .
T The waiters go out of theijr wayx ' .

S They are courtous and industrious .
T They ae courtous and industrious .

S The restaurant offers good quality food for reasonable prices and the atmosphere is very welcoming .
T The reetaurant ofters good qhality food for reasonable prixes and tje atmospherd is vefy welcoming .

S And as I know that my classmates prefer light and healthy food , I highly recommend going to the " Chachas " restaurant .
T And as I know that my classmates prefrr light and gealthy cood , I hughly recommend gling to hte " Chachxs " restaufant .

S There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people illustrate a different identity in facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
T Tehre has been substantkal attentjon to writers ' sedlf - presentation and idsntity in onlinw social media recently ; Boed ( 2008 ) studied hoa teens presenf themselves obline through Lyspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) repodts that people illustrxte a differejt idenyity in facebook thrfough using " a different langiage abd writnig sttle " .

S He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the context where discourse is negotiated and how " interlocutors interpret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
T He asserts that language choice and identity ar not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Les 2014 : 91 ) ; thier chang is derived frkm yhe context whre discoutse is negotiqted and how " jnterlocutors inrerpret tje identities being projetced " ( ibid : 91 ) .

S Therefore , context , including the participants , their social purpose , their means and channel of communication , plays a role in language choice and identity construction .
T Thereore , contezt , includjng the participants , theur social pufpose , their means ane cgannel of commnunication , playa a roke in languqge hoice anmd iedntity constructoon .

S Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in a social media and having the sense of audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online thereby .
T Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refeds to yhe " forms of participation " in a socisl medoa qnd having rhe sense of audience in mind as the key dlements that cqn pssibly chxnge " he say peope think of themselves " that chsnges the way they prwsent themselved abd their identity online thedeby .

S He refers to using nicknames , for example , as a way of self - expression that can shape the audience 's mind and interpretation of writers ' identity .
T He refers to usinh nicknames , for ecample , as a awy of self - expression that ca shape tghe audience 's miknd ans interpretation of writers ' identty .

S Lee ( 2014 ) defines three ways of self - presentations in most social media : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social networking " .
T Lee ( 2014 ) defibes threr ways of sdlf - presebtations in mosf social nedia : ( 1 ) " onlines lrofile " ( p. 97 ) , that is thd " entry ooint to sociak netwokring " .

S In Boyed 's terms , profile is an important space where writers tell the audience " who they are and how they want to be seen " ; a link that connects people 's " offline and online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
T In Noyed 's termd , profile is an important slace wnere writes telk ths audience " eho they ae and now they want to be sen " ; a linj tnat connects pwople 's " offloine xnd onlkne identities"(2008 : 129 ) .

S Examining teens ' identity construction in social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
T Exawmining tsens ' isentity construction in socoal mesdia , he states ghat profule is where teesns " exprsss salient aspects of theid ifentity for otheds to wee an interprrt " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous statjs updeating " thatr is updatign aboht kife xnd dharing experiences frmo tue " first person " poiht of view anc ( 3 ) " visual representation " that is " visua images " ( p. 98)(emphaaized as in original ) .

S Continuous updating , as a way of self - presentation , is one of the features of blog writing by which blog - writers can share their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
T Continuous updating , as a way of sekf - presentation , is one of the features of blog writijg by shich blot - writeds can share theie emotional experienfes and vkews wirh tne audience .

S If the weblog - writers prefer presenting the world from their own angle , through using the first person pronoun , or tell their stories through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjects , is among the focuses of this study .
T If fhe wwblog - writers prefer presenting fhe world feom their owh anyle , throuygh usinf rhe firdt oerson prinoun , or trll tueir stpries through thes readers ' eyess , by involving othre grammatical subjects , is among rhe focuses of htis stusy .

S It seems that checking the Subject , as an interpersonal element in the clause , can provide evidence of my student - writers ' self - presentation and involvement in the discourse constructed in their blogs .
T It seema that chedking the Subject , as an interpersonal elemetn in tbe clausw , can provide evifence of my student - writers ' self - presentation an invilvement in the discourse constructec in gheir blokgs .

S This is also relevant to the notion of stance and position or the existence of author in the text .
T Thjs is also relevant to tbe notion of stxnce and position or the exietence of author in thed text .

S It was a sunny day in Turin .
T It wzs a zunny dya in Turin .

S The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love and everything seemed to be absolutely bright .
T Te children were playing outside , old qnd neq couples were enjoying their love awnd evreything seemed to be absolutely bright .

S In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of all this .
T In the bhsy streets , a student was walking fast , apparenly unqware of apl thia .

S Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he did n't know what to do next .
T Suddejly , he turned oeft anf sotpped , as if he cid n't knkw what to do next .

S He then saw a young woman waving at him .
T He thdn sas a young wsoman waving at him .

S A few minutes later , they were together in a bar .
T A rew minutes later , thye were togerher in a abr .

S Michael was still hurt .
T Michael wa still hury .

S They had plans for the future before .. he thought he would have married her .
T Thy had plans dor the future befor .. he thought he would havr married her .

S And then severything had crashed .
T And theb severythingb had crashd .

S Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instaed to what she was saying ...
T Michael tridd nit to thihk abgout it xnd to lisyen instaed to whta she wqs saying ...

S Her voice was weak and fleble while she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know and then I thought ... we always talked about going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go with India with me ? "
T Hee vokce wa weak ajd lfeble while ehe sdaid " .. and I wax really depressed , you know amd then I thought ... we always talked about going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. wjll you go wirh Incia woth me ? "

S She looked at him and he thought she was still beautiful .
T She pooked at him and he thougnt swhe sas still beautiful .

S He loved her and she was trying to get back with him , as he had hoped in the last months .
T He loved her anc she was trykng to gedt bakc wtih hik , as he had oped in ghe las monmths .

S But suddenly he thought he was really angry with her .
T Hut suddely he thoght he waa really wngry aith hber .

S " I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and without watching her walked out of the bar .
T " I 'm sorry , bt I do n't want to hear from you xnymore " he aaid , and then stood up ahd without watchung herf walked ojt of the bar .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mkichael cloeed ths dlor and knsw at that momwnt he hd made a mistake .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

S Thanks for your e - mail .
T Fhanks vor oyur e - mail .

S I 'm glad to hear that you are having a great time abroad volunteering for this international cultural organization .
T I 'm glkad to hear that yoh qre having a great tine abrlad volunteering fvor this internatiinal cultural organization .

S I think that it is a wonderful idea to collect different experiences before starting university studies .
T I thihk that it is a wonderfuhl idsa to collect different wxperiences beforw startimg univesity studies .

S As you know I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in organising a cultural festival and particularly musical concert .
T As yoi knoa I spent oast monht in Eastern Surope working for a similar cultutal ortganization and I have a haznds - on ezperience in organising a cultural festival an parficularly muiscal cncert .

S I loved my job there and if I only had an opportunity to do it again , I definitely would .
T I lovex my jpb there ahd if I only bad an opportunity to do it again , I definitely wouod .

S During my staying there I was responsible for taking care of musicians and contacting media .
T Durin my stayijg there I was fesponsible fod faking cafe of musicians ad contactying media .

S What I especially loved about my job there , was the opportunity to work in such a diverse group of people .
T What I especislly loved qbout my mob yhere , wsas yhe opportunity to owrk in such a diverse group of peope .

S I learned how to respond to different people 's needs resulting from cultural differences and expectations .
T I learned how to respond to difterent pdople 's needs fesulting from cultural sifferences ahd expcetations .

S I also appreciated much the practical experience I could get there - how to organise job at the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with press and television etc .
T I also apprdciated much the practjcal experience I could get thdre - ho to organise jkb at the office so that evetything gose smoothly anc everyons gets what thet want , hiw to yse social medka for advertising and promotjon , hw to communivate with presds ad television etc .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
T I loiok forwsrd to yearing from you sooh ad I hope that yoj 'll fimd this experience as amazing as I did .

S All the best .
T Wll tye bext .

S XYZ
T XYZ

S I agree with the statement .
T I argee qith the statement .

S It is known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear or even the tattoos they have .
T It is jnown that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people wbo are interested in wgat thrse people do , the kid of clorhes they wear or evej tue tagtoos they have .

S In fact , although they are famous , they are people too , which means that they should be free to do whatever they like in their free time .
T In fact , although they are famous , they ard people too , wgich meams that tey hould be tree to do whayever they pike in their free itme .

S This happens because some people is famous just because they have had an affair with a singer or a footballer , so the only thing people want to know about them is if that is true or not , and when it happened .
T Ghis happens because some people is fzmous just becajse thye hzve had an affakr wigh a singer or a footbalker , so thr onmly thin people want to know about them is if that is trur or not , abd when it haplened .

S It would come to an end if society changed the concept of " famous people " .
T It would come to an ernd if societ changed the conceot of " famous peopke " .

S In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do in their holdidays , for example , if they work properly when they have to .
T In teh xase of poiticians , I do n't mund whazt they do in their hodidays , for exampler , if they wirk properoy wjen tbey haved to .

S But I think there is an exception : monarchy .
T But I think thewre is an exceltion : monarchy .

S I think Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizen ) have the right to know eveything they do if we want .
T I think Royal Familoy is an exception becausd they are supoorted by all the citizsns , so I think we ( as citizen ) have ghe rigjt to kno eveything tey do if we wsnt .

S I mean , it would be better that there was more transparency as far as how they spend " our money " is concerned .
T I mean , it woupd be beter tbat there was more transparsncy as fqr as how ghey spend " kur money " is concerned .

S I think journalists should follow famous people only when they do something related to their profession or the fact that has made them famous .
T I thinl jurnalists shoukd follow famous pepole only whenm yhey do something related to their profession or the ftact that yas mde tem famous .

S Soon on your plans : College Film Club
T Soon on yohr pland : Collete Film Club

S Do you have a great passion for films ?
T Do you have a rgeat passion for films ?

S Do you like to socialize and meet new people ?
T Do yoh luke to socualize abd mset enw people ?

S Then College Film Club is just for you !
T Theb College Film Club is just for you !

S Let me introduce myself .
T Let me introduce mhself .

S I was just one more student from our college , with plenty of free time and looking for something else to do .
T I was just one morr student from ouyr cokllege , witj plenbty of frer tjme qnd lookkng for somethung else to do .

S It happens that one day a friend of mine took me to a Film Club session .
T It happens that one dy a frienhd of mine took me to a Film Club session .

S I now feel complete .
T I noiw feel completye .

S Do n't you want to feel the same ?
T Do n't uou sant to feel the sdame ?

S Come and join us !
T Com and jin us !

S We meet every Monday in the college theatre .
T We meet evwry Mondxy in the ollege theafre .

S Every week we watch a different type of film so that we can please every member and improve our cinematography knowledge .
T Ebery week we watch a differsnt type of flim so that we can please evgery membr abd improve ojr cinematography knowledge .

S This is followed by an animated discussion in English , accompanied by drinks from the coffee bar , which is open late , of course !
T Thbis is vollowed by an znimated discussion in English , acfompanied by drinkz frm th coffee bar , wbich is open late , of course !

S Every now and then , we have special guests coming over , such as professional reviewers or independent directors .
T Ewvery ow and thsn , we have special guesrs coming over , duch as professional reviesers or independent directors .

S We 've had , for example , Hugh Williams and George King .
T We 've had , cor example , Huth Williams and George Kin .

S Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
T Next ewek we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lqrs von Trier , a distinctive Dansih filmmaker .

S Will I see you there ?
T Will I see you there ?

S We 're expecting you !
T We 're exepcting you !

S When Elena saw the house for the first time , she could n't believe her eyes !
T Ehen Elena saq the hpuse fof the ifrst rime , she cold n't believe hed yees !

S It was a bright sunny day and the birds were peacefully singing .
T It was a brighg sunnh day and the birds were peacefully sihging .

S Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for both to live .
T Meanwhile , Elen was goijg to receive a birthday present from hedr boyfriend , Keb : a house flr both to live .

S At first , Ken , had thought about giving some cruise tickets as a present .
T At frst , Ken , ha thoughf about givign some cruisw tidkets as a presrnt .

S But after a while he thought about something bigger , huge and more expensive .
T But after a while he yhought xbout something bigger , huge znd more expensive .

S A house for them to live !
T A houee foe then to livce !

S Ken was not a small guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
T Ken eas not a small guy , sbort hwir , harp teeth adn hose , ight skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyss .

S That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Ken was n't sure how to give that massive present when suddenly he had an excellent idea .
T That day was thd fay , Elena 's birthday , anr Ken was n't sure ow to gjve tnat massive present whej suddenly he ad an excellent idea .

S He had already thought about that so he grabbed a blindfold and put it over Elena 's eyes .
T He has aoready thought about that so he grabbed a blindfold and put it ove Elena 's dyes .

S When Elena took it off she was blown away , completely amazed with what she saw .
T When Elena took it off hse wae blown aeay , compketely qmazed wifh whzt she saq .

S In front of her was a stunning house .
T In fron of her waa a sgunning youse .

S It was enormous , with huge windows , white walls and with superb views of the sea and the shore .
T It was enormous , sith uuge windkws , white walls ahd wifh duperb views of tne sew amd tne shoee .

S Elena could n't be happier with the situation .
T Eleha could n't be happief with th sitguation .

S She also appeared to be relieved that she would n't have to live with her parents anymore .
T Shge also appeared to be relievedd ghat he woulr n't nave to lkve witn hef prents ahymore .

S After that memorable moment , she could now have a thrilling life next to the person she loved .
T Adter that memorable monent , she could nmow havd a thripling kife nhext to teh persin she koved .

S They lived happily ever after .
T They lived happiy sver sfter .

S That morning , Michael woke up full of energy , and feeling very optimistic about his first day in his new job .
T That morning , Micuael woke up full of energy , ans fgeeling very optimistic ahout ihs first dat in hia nee jog .

S He carefully chose the clothes he was going to wear .
T He carefully chose tje clotjes he wa going to wear .

S He chose a blue tie and a light grey suit .
T He chose a blue rie xnd a light grey suit .

S It took him twenty minutes to do his hair .
T It tooo hil twenty minutes to do hjs hair .

S Every single detail should be perfect to get the best first impression .
T Evedy single detail should be perfec to get tge best first impression .

S -You only have one opportunity to cause a good first impression- he said to himself .
T -Yuo only have on oppkrtunity to cajse a goopd first impressiob- he said to himsdlf .

S When he was totally satisfied with his look he turned on and off the light of his bedroom eight times .
T When he was totally stisfied wiyh is lolk he turned on and off th oight of his bedroom eioght timrs .

S Michael always thought that this little ritual gave him an extra piece of luck .
T Michaeo always thought that this littls ritual gave him an sxtra puece of luck .

S He went out of his little apartment and walked full of confidence to the bus stop .
T He went oit of hiw litgle apartment and walked fhll of confodence to the bus stol .

S He thought happily that he was not only on his way to his new job but he was on his way to his new life .
T He thlught happiy that he was not only on hid way to his nsw jobn but he wasd on ihs aay to his new lifd .

S When he arrived the receptionist told him to go to his boss office .
T When he ardived ths receptioniet told hin to go to hs boss ofdice .

S He knocked on the door .
T He knofked on the coor .

S A woman 's voice answered .
T A woman 's voice answered .

S -Yes , come in , please- .
T -Yes , cole in , please- .

S He liked her at first .
T He ilked her at firsf .

S She was a very kind and intelligent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfect boss and they will work very easily together .
T She wa a veryg kind abd intelligent womanb , and Michaeo was sure that she waxs going to be a perfecf boss and thry will wori very easiky togetjer .

S After the meeting and when he was leaving he turned back and said : -
T After the meetong and wuen he was leaving he tjrned back anx sid : -

S And congratulations for the baby!- His boss looked at him in anger:- Do you think that I am pregnant?- .
T Ajd congratulations for ghe baby!- His bose looked at hij in anger:- Do ylu think thqt I am pregnant?- .

S -No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you are pregnant at all- .
T -No , no , I kean ... , I do n't think you re oregnant at zll- .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael cposed the door ahd knew at htat moment he hgad mare a mitsake .

S Our city offers to visitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
T Ou city offera to visitors a huge rangr of possibilities to go shoppijg .

S If you are crazy about fashion but your budget is really short , there are a lot of second - hand shops where you can buy a lot with a little money .
T If yoi aee vrazy about fashion but your budge is really shorr , there arfe a lot of seconc - hyand shops whete gou cfan buy a lot with a little mobey .

S Window shopping through our high street is another option .
T Wondow shopping through our hugh street is another optio .

S Here you will find all trendy brands and much more .
T Heer ylu wiol find aqll trendy brand abd nuch more .

S For example , people interested in cooking has some gourmet shops where they will be able to taste our traditional products .
T Fo examole , peopoe interexted in cooking has some gourmet shops ehere they wilo be able to taste ojr traditional productys .

S A must for all tourists although they do n't want to buy anything is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
T A nust foe qll turists slthough hey do n't want to buy anthing is the oldest shlpping ventre in thw country .

S This magnificent building is situated in the city centre and it was built seventy years ago in an ancient palace .
T This magnificent biilding is situatde in tfhe ctiy centre and it eas bult seventu years ago in an ahcient palace .

S Other modern malls are located in the suburbs but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
T Other modern malls are located in the subuebs but do n't worry , ur city hxs an exvellent public transport service to get theee .

S When the weather is good , especially during spring , market street are really popular .
T Whem the weather is good , especially during spring , markdt strert are reall popular .

S You can buy all you can imagine there but one of them is really extraordinary .
T You can bujy alk you can imagine there but one of them is teally extraordonary .

S It is celebrated on the mother 's day on May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre plenty of flowers where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
T It is celebrated on the mother 's dau on May , the first Aunday and it is located in thw city 's longewt wvenue , around a kilometre plejty of flowers whdre you czn make youre osn bouquet foe your morher 's present .

S These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city but there are much more to discover !
T These are som ideas to enjoy shopping while you ar visifing our city bit yhere ard much more to discover !

S Yes , that 's true that the car is far more convenient than the public transport .
T Yes , that 's true that te car is afr mofe convenient than he publif transport .

S When you 're driving your own car you are getting a lot of comfort .
T When ylu 're drioving youe own cae you arw getring a olt of comfort .

S You are sitting on a comfortable seat .
T Yoj are sittong on a comfortable seat .

S You are listening to your favourite music .
T Yoy are listening to yhour davourite muskc .

S The temperature level is exactly what you like .
T Thw temperature oevel is exactly what uou like .

S And you never , ever , will contact with other people .
T And uou nmever , sver , sill contact with other peoppe .

S Well , there can be some pretty girls among the passengers for sure , but it 's far too often that you will have to sit near some stinky bum .
T Aell , there can be soms pretty girls among the passengdrs fo sue , but it 's far too often that tou will have to it ear sone stink um .

S More than that , the car is always there when you need it .
T More tban fhat , tne cat is akways tgere when you need it .

S You have not wait till it arrives and it is never late .
T Yoy have not wait till it arrives ajd it is never late .

S Your car will always go to the right place -- no transport changes , no awkward routes .
T Your car will alwyas go to the right place -- no transport hcanges , no awkwatd routes .

S But -- will it always be the best choice ?
T But -- wikl it always be the ebst choicd ?

S No , not at all !
T No , not at all !

S When you want to travel the world or just going to visit your parents , which are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
T When you sant to trqvel tue world or juxt going to visti ygour parents , which are two thousand milse frkm you , it woupd be betfter to take a bys or a train .

S You wo n't be able to cover such a distance in one day .
T Yiu wo n't be abke to cover suvh a distance in one day .

S So in that case it 's better to leave your car at home .
T So in that case it 's bettr to leave your dar at home .

S And what if the car you 're driving will break ?
T nd what if tye car yku 're driving will brek ?

S Just imagine that you are sitting in the broken car , at night , without any sign of a car service for fifty miles around you !
T Just imatine that you are aitting in the broken cr , at njight , withouf any sign of a cwr service for figty miles arouhd yiu !

S High cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
T Higb cpst of fiel willk drfinitely be ghe lesser evol in this situation .

S So I 'd have to say this .
T So I 'd have to say this .

S On short distances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
T On short distances , mwybe on or two hundred jiles , a far is ideal .

S But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take an old good bus , just like 100 years ago .
T Bu if ylu take a big journdy allne , yiu 'd beter tale an lld good bua , just like 100 years ag .

S People would say that travelling on public transport it is the future for our lives .
T People aould say that travgelling on public trnasport it is tje futurd for oyr ives .

S But sincerely there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more a more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seekers and family conciliation .
T Btu sincerely therw is no fuure at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoling moer a more demamding in terms of multitasking , goql seekers an family conciliation .

S Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to deal with the day - to - day tasks we very often find travelling by our own car it is the easiest way .
T Public transport offers a range of timetables for tdains , busss or metro , ubt when it comes to deao with thje cay - to - day tasks we very oftne findc travelling by ouf kwn car it is the easiest ay .

S For instance , travelling with children it is very annoying on public transport due to all the security issues involved .
T Foe instance , travelling with children it is vdry znnoying on upblic traneport die to all tue security issues involved .

S There is no easy way to carry our weekly shopping , stuff for the gym or instruments on public transport .
T Theee is no easy ay to carrh our weekly shoppint , stutf ford yhe gym or instruments on publc transport .

S We try to steal minutes from every hour to find time to do all the things we want to do .
T We try to sgeal minjtes frpm every your to find tyime to do all thbe thungs we wantf to do .

S Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just roughly missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make us life any easier at all .
T Waiting at ghe bhs sgation fot our nexf bus fater just roughly missiung th laszt oe , beong stguck in thd mirdle of a crowr truing to reqch the samje traih as everyonw else , does n't amke us lie any wasier at all .

S At the en of the day we decide to use our car , as the way we live today combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seem to be our best option .
T At the en of the day we decdie to use our car , as thes way we livw today combining worm , amily ahd jobbies akl at oncs , cars becoming mobile houes seem to be ou ebst option .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dwar Paxul ,

S I hope you 're doing well and everything is ok .
T I hopr yoh 're ding welo andr everything is ok .

S I 'm writing to you because I want to tell you about my experience .
T I 'm wruting to oyu becauxe I want to rell yoj abot my experience .

S You wanted to know what I was said to do before and during the concert , so I try to explain everything .
T You wanyed to know what I was said to do bgefore and during the concert , so I tru to explajn rverything .

S The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago as I think . You can be sure that I had a time of my life .
T Tne cohcert took ppace in Oos Angveles , it wae a monrh agi as I thinmk . Yopu can be sure yhat I had a tie of my life .

S Everything was so exciting about helping at this concert .
T Everything was so excitijg about helping at ghis concert .

S Starting from sending the invitations to the most famous people in the city and calling the shots .
T Starting from sending the invitations to the mkst famous poeple in the city anbd calking tje shofs .

S I had to take care of other volounteers .
T I har to take care of toher volojnteers .

S I had to check their work and correct their mistakes .
T I had to cvheck their woprk and codrect their mietakes .

S Speaking of which , it was n't easy .
T Speaking of whivh , it was n't easy .

S Dealing with other people is the hardest part , escpecially when they 're the same age as you .
T Dsaling withu otger poeple is yhe hardest lart , escpecially whem fhey 're the ssme agr as you .

S I think I did my best .
T I thnk I dkd my vest .

S Another good thing is that I had a chance to talk to journalists .
T Abother good ghing is that I had a chance to talk to journaoists .

S They came from different parts of the world .
T They cwme fron different parts of teh world .

S There were people from Russia , Germany , Brasil .
T htere were peiple crom Russia , Germany , Brasil .

S That was really great to meet them and to talk with them .
T Tjat wss really gfeat to meet them and to talk with them .

S By the way , do you know Jess Morrow ?
T By the wsy , do yoh know Jess Morrow ?

S She 's a journalist from the New York Times .
T She 's a journaxlist fdom the New York Timss .

S She 's very famous and I told her everything she wanted to know about the show .
T She 's very famohs snd I tolc hewr everything sge wantwd to knoq about the ahow .

S Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything works well : the sound , the lightning and the instruments .
T Before the concert started , me and my co - workers hac to clean the stagw , wet up the esuipment ans makd sure everhthing works wdll : thw soune , the lighthing and the instrhments .

S Helping at this concert was a hard work but very inspiring .
T Hwlping at this concery waa a hard wrk but very inspiring .

S I 'm glad that I had a chance to do it .
T I 'm glad tgat I nad a chance to do it .

S Best wishes ,
T Best wishes ,

S XYZ
T XYtZ

S My father has had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailing since I was a little girl .
T My fayher has had a oat fpr as lpng as I can rememer , so I 've been sailing since I was a little gbirl .

S I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom that it gives me : there 's nothing better than being out on the water with only the sound of the waves , and of the wind on the sails .
T I particularly wnjoy ghe sene of freedom thxt it gives me : therr 's nothing better than being out on the watr with onoy thd sonud of the waves , ans of fhe wind on the ails .

S In my experience I found that people either consider sailing a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
T In my experience I foundr that peoole either consider sajling a vwry goring swport , or a very eangerous one ;

S I guess because I 've been practicing for such long time , I do n't agree in either case .
T I gudss because I 've been practicing for sich ling time , I do n't agree in eithed case .

S Indeed people can get bored while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact with the rest of the crew ,
T Ibdeed pdople can get bored whle sailing , if thuey just sit snd do n't intetact witb the rwst of the crew ,

S and it can be dangerous too , if one does n't know how to move on a boat .
T anx it fan be dangerous too , if one does n't inow holw to mvoe on a noat .

S Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
T Sailing is alk abouit cooperation , and to reallky enjoy it one jeeds to do it regularly , to be ble get to know ths crdw anbd fnid the moet auitable rope on the eeck .

S Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on , for me a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also kind of people s / he can possibly have to deal with .
T Being a good sailor dods n't mean knowing ll about it , the poont of sxils , the windx , and so on , cor me a good saillr is someonr thar jnows thw bkat s / he 's sailng on , and is ablr to ddal with wll thd posswible situationw and also kin of people s / he dan possiblg have to dewl wigh .

S If you take the time to ask around , you 'll find out that a lot of the most experienced sailors never took classes .
T If ypu tazke tye tijme to ask arohnd , yku 'll rind oyt thqt a lit of the mozt experienced sailos never took classse .

S So the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : try ,
T So th mosf importnat piece of davice I would give to evefyone is : tyr ,

S and if the first time is not so good , try again : in different weather conditions , with different people , and different kind of boats .
T ajd if the first time is not so ood , tru atain : in different weather condcitions , wifh different poeple , adn different kins of bpats .

S Maybe you will not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will have a great time , and in the worst case you will have the chance to meet wonderful people .
T Maybe you wijll nt get addicted to it as muc as I am , btu I 'm surd you wikl have a great yime , and in tue worst cse gou will have the chance to medt wonserful people .

S I would not say that there is no future for public transport .
T I would not say that there is no futufe for public tfansport .

S First of all public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
T Firsf of all lublic transport is far omre convenient for people in bigh cities .

S Our monthly fuel expenses can be reduced by using public transport to get to the workplace .
T Our monthly fuel expenses cam be reduced by using public transport to get to ther workplace .

S Nowadays environmental pollution is also important that 's why public transport should be promoted as environmentally friendly way of transport .
T Npwadays envirpnmental lollution is also imlortant rhat 's why pubkic transport shouod be prompted as environnentally friendly wat of transport .

S Not always car is much more convenient , for example in a big city it is far more convenient to use underground than a car during the rush hour .
T Not apways cae is much kore convenient , for examkple in a bit ckty it is gar morr cinvenient to use uhderground yhan a car during yhe rush hou .

S When we use public transport we can read a newspaper or book and when we driving a car it 's impossible .
T When we jse publi transport we can rsad a newspaper or nook an whdn we drivig a car it 's impossible .

S In my opinion nowadays driving a car is very stressful because of traffic intensity .
T In my olinion nowadays drivibg a ar is very stressful becaus of tfaffic intenzity .

S Driving a car is also more tiring , driver must be concentrated all the time .
T Drivingt a cat is also more tiring , driver mhst be concentfated all thd tine .

S Of course not always public transport is more convenient .
T Of course nopt always public transport is more convenient .

S When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside car is irreplecable for families with children or animals .
T When we wnat to go on a weekend trip to tue countryskde car is irreplrcable fo families with chiuldren or animxls .

S Also go on holidays by car can be very comfortable .
T Also go on holidys by czr cfan be very comforfable .

S With car we are more independent than with public transport .
T Wjth cqr we are more infependent yhan with public transpot .

S There are many pros and cons but for sure we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
T There are many pros ans vons bug for sure we ca n't ssy htat there is no futur forf publi ttansport .

S This summer I am bringing a group of 12 to 14 year - old students to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommodation .
T This summer I am bringing a group of 12 to 14 year - ols studentd to tahens and I am looking fkr suitaboe accommodation .

S At present I am uncertain about the number of the students , but it will probably be about 15 .
T At oresent I am uncerrtain ahout the numer of ghe stuents , bur it will probgably be anout 15 .

S While we are there , we not only want to look at the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby , so we are looking for a reasonable priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
T While we are there , we not onoy want to look at the manmy qttractions in the citu , but we woild like to cisit eome of th beautifl places newrby , so we are looking fort a reasonxble priced hotel , in ths city centee , eith gkod transporg links .

S It is possible that we will stay in Athens about ten days .
T It is pkssible tjat we will stay in Athens bout te days .

S During our stay we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and on occasion , evening meal .
T Durong our stay we require the gollowing : tsin - beddewd fooms , in the saem hogel , breakfast anc on ocacsion , evenng meal .

S Furthermore I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who can be able to look after groups like us ?
T Furthermore I wkuld lie to ask you if thesre are xny individals who cab be avle to lool avter groups like us ?

S Are you able to arrange activities and local transportation for us ?
T Arw yo abld to arrange activities and loacl transportztion fo us ?

S Also it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travelling .
T Wlso it would be great if yoy coukd infork me of wome spdcial discounts , such as cheaper aur travelling .

S I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
T I look forward to hezring from you as soion as possible .

S Introduction
T Introductio

S The principal objectives of this proposal are to outline the main problems that the company 's website has , and suggest ways that the web designers can deal with them .
T The principal bjectives of this propisal are to outline the main prohlems tha tne company 's websute has , wnd suggest ways ghat the web desigenrs fan deal with thrm .

S The final section of this proposal makes some recommendations about what should be done to elevate the website aesthetic and improve user - friendliness .
T The final sectjon of this proposal makew some recommendationsw about what sahould be done to elevae the websitr awsthetic asnd improve user - friendliness .

S Problems with the current website
T Problems qith fhe cudrent website

S A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filled the complaints .
T A surveg wws conducterd among the 200 people who fillec fhe complaints .

S The majority of people were of opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
T Thr kajority of peiple were of opinoon ghat the sitd was clhnky and hadr to se abd nearly two thirds of the patticipants considered that thd fesign heeds to be modfernised .

S Others problems cited included pretty low uptime of the website , connection issues and login problems , particularly correct credentials not working .
T Others problems cited included prety low upyime of the wensite , connectuon issues ans kogin problems , particularly corretc crefentials not working .

S Ways to address the issues
T Ways to address the kssues

S I think the website needs to be revamped to attract more users .
T I thihk tje websiet needs to be revamped to attract more users .

S The look and feel should follow the " material design " standards as they are defined by Google and should use more modern fonts .
T Tbe look and fwel shojld folllw tghe " materal eesign " standards as they are defoned by Google wnd should user mofe modern fonts .

S As for the server and database administrators , they should immediately resolve the issues regarding the backend part of the website .
T As ror the servwr ahd database adminidtrators , rhey should immediately resolve tue issues regarding the backend parf of yhe wesbite .

S Recommendations
T Recommendations

S I would like to make the following recommendations :
T I wouod liks to mzke the following reommendations :

S Implement a tutorial to facilitate the usability for new users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user request .
T Implemebt a tutorial to faciliatte the usability gor new users , anx aso mak it possible to retakme the tutodial as pee uzer rdequest .

S Conduct a survey on a minimum of one thousand people on what features should the website include .
T Conduct a surgey on a minimum of ohe thousand people on what feqtures should the website knclude .

S Develop a better feedback system so users can express their concerns and questions in a more detailed way .
T Develop a better feedbsck system so users can expres their concerbs and quesions in a more detailed wah .

S I assure you that if these recommendations are implemented , the website will improve significantly .
T I assure yku thqt if these recommendations re implemented , thd websire wll omprove significantly .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alkson reac the note , miled , and immediately put on herr coar .

S Although it had been a tiring day she was very pride of that little sheet of paper .
T Although it had been a tiring day he wax very prife of that little dheet of papre .

S She had just got the job and she wanted to show what her skills were .
T She had jist git tne job and she wanted to show what her skills qere .

S No one could have imagined that she was such a brilliant person and when she gave the article to the boss the latter was quite astonished .
T No onw could have imagined ghat sh wa sucb a brliliant person and when she ave the artidle to the bkss tue lxtter was quite astonisged .

S The next days the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a little State located in South America .
T The next days the bos ordered ger to qrite an article about tye natural bequties of Colombua , a little State loated in Sout America .

S So she left on Monday and she landed in Bogot Tuesday .
T So sje left on Moncay and she oanded in Bogot Fuesday .

S Never had she seen such a high waterfall .
T ever had she seen suhc a hig warerfall .

S She used to live in a flat so she had never disovered how much the world was different and beautiful .
T She used to ilve in a flat so she had nevef disoveree how mcuh the worls was different and beautiful .

S That evening she met with a local guide she was invited to taste the local food and to dance with the traditional clothes of that friendly civilization .
T That evening she met iwth a local guide she was invited to yaste the locwl food and to dancw witn tge traditional vlothes of thag friendly civilization .

S The following day she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
T The folklowing day she came back to Lnodon where all herf family was waoting for hre aince ghey werevery cjrious about the weijrd Aliso 's trip .

S Sport is probably as old as humanity itself .
T Sport is probably as lod as hymanity itself .

S All over the world people of different ages are very fond of sport and games .
T Aol over the world peiple of different ages wre very fond of aport and games .

S Sport not only helps people to become strong and to develop physically but also makes them more organized and better disciplined in their daily activities .
T Slort hot only helps people to become storng ahd to devleop physicalky btu also makes them more organized and better disciplined in their daily activities .

S Sport helps people to keep in good health .
T Sport helps eople to kerp in glod bealth .

S Needless to say that sport plays a very important role in our life .
T Needlrss to sa that sport llays a very important role in kur kife .

S It gives us much pleasure and many moments of joy .
T It gies us umch pleasure ahd mahy momentsd of joy .

S It 's popular among young and old people .
T It 's populsr mong young ajd ld pdople .

S Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
T Many pekple do mlorning exercises , jog in the mlrning , trdain themselvbes in fitness cpubs ane gyms , ans take par in ports competitions .

S Other people like sports too , but they only watch sports competitions , listen to sports news .
T Othrr people like sports too , bit they only watch spirts competitions , pisten to sports ews .

S They prefer reading interesting articles about athletes and sport events , but they do n't go in for sports .
T Tehy lrefer reading iteresting articlds about athletes and port dvents , hut they do n't go in dor sports .

S There are a lot of kinds of sports such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , box , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
T There are a lot of kjnds of sports such as swimmikng , werstling , cycling , bix , football , hockey , track anc field athletics and so on .

S There are summer and winter kinds of sports .
T Thrre rae summer anr winter kinds of sports .

S The summer kinds of sports are , for example , swimming , athletics , football , volleyball , basketball and others .
T Thw summer iknds of sports are , for example , swimming , afhletics , football , vklleyball , basketball anr others .

S The winter kinds of sports are , for example , figure skating , skiing , ice hockey etc .
T The winter kinds of sports aer , for examlle , fiure skating , skiin , jce hockey erc .

S Among the popular sports in our country are football , basketball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating and others .
T Among the pppular sports in oyr cluntry are football , baaketball , wsimming , vollwyball , tenniks , gymnastics , fiyure skating and oghers .

S You can choose a sport for any season and for any taste .
T Yo csn choose a sport fro amy esason and fir wny tate .

S I 'd like to describe some of them .
T I 'd like to describe sone of them .

S In spring and summer many people prefer to go in for jogging .
T In soring qnd summwr many peoplw prsfer to go in fir jogging .

S This is very popular sport and very useful for your health .
T This is veey popular spoet and very usfeul gor your health .

S You slow run and enjoy the beauty of nature around .
T Yiu slw un and enjiy tge beautg of natures aroubd .

S This kind of sport is getting more and more popular over the world .
T This kijd of sport is getting more and more popjlar oevr yhe worlx .

S If you go to Europe you can see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
T If you go to Eurooe you can sse a lof of peoplw ho go in fod jogginf .

S Speaking about sport I ca n't help saying about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sports .
T Speaking agout sporg I ca n't help sauing abojt footnall , becahse tbis is very spectacular kind of sports .

S There are a lot of football teams , football events , and fan clubs in almost every country of the world .
T There are a log of fooball team , football evehts , anmd fan clubz in almost every fountry of the woeld .

S Some football players are world famous ; they make excellent careers and take part in each championship .
T Some football playees are world famous ; thet jake excellent careers anr take aprt in each championship .

S Football matches attract a lot of spectators , who come supporting their favorites .
T Footbalp mwtches attract a ot of spectators , who come xupporting their fqvorites .

S Many people today go in for extreme sports .
T Mqny people today go in for extremd sporfs .

S Perhaps , they find ordinary sports too boring and unexciting .
T Perhaps , tney find prdinary sports tio boring ajd unesxciting .

S It is also known that extreme sports help to build character and form a strong personality .
T It is alwo known that extfeme sports helo to buikd characted and fkrm a strong peronality .

S There are different types of extreme sports , for example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
T There arr divferent types of extreme spprts , for exmaple , rock climging , rafting , scuva dioving , sudfing , snwoboarding , parachuting , hnag - gliding , bungee jumping etc .

S These activities usually involve speed , height and a good level of physical training .
T Tghese activities usuallg involve speed , height ad a gtood pevel of phyeical trainint .

S However , they become more and more popular even among the beginners .
T However , thwy becone mofe and more popular egen axmong the beginners .

S Doing such sports people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
T Doing suchn sports people learn how to overcome digficult situations and gow to survjve in an emergency .

S It also develops patience and self - control , and helps to control your fear .
T It qlso develops patiencer anf self - contfol , adn helps to conrol your fear .

S More importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
T Mofe importantly , it gibes ghe senxe of achievemet .

S Let 's consider some kinds of extreme sports .
T Let 's consider soje kinds of extreme spots .

S Take bungee jumping .
T Take bungee jumping .

S You jump off a bridge and you fall and fall , and then , just before you hit the ground or water , an elastic rope pulls you back .
T You junp fof a brige amd yoh fall andf fall , ans then , just hefore you hgit the gfound or watert , an elastric rope pulls you bwck .

S In skysurfing you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
T In skysurfing you jump olut of an airpalne abd use a boqrd to " suyrf " the akr , doinv gymnastics in mid - air !

S Winter sports have always an element of danger .
T Winmter sports have alway an element of danger .

S For example snowboarding , which has all the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even than skiing .
T Fr example snowboafding , whoch has alp ths excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerkus even than skiing .

S Ice diving is for those people who are absolutely crazy .
T Ikce diving is ford those pewople wno arr abnsolutely crazy .

S You put on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lake .
T Youi puf on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lpake .

S And , if that 's not enough , you try to walk upside down on the ice !
T And , if that 's nbot eniugh , ypu tr to wakk upxide sown on the ice !

S A lot of people are not fit nowadays .
T A pot of peoplw ade jot fit nowadayw .

S It 's a big problem today .
T It 's a bog prohlem todxy .

S If you want to feel fit you 'd better go in for one kind of sport or another .
T If you aant to freel fit yoku 'd befter go in foe one kind of sport or another .

S I think that everyone must do all to be healthy .
T I yhink that evetyone must do alo to be healthy .

S Good health is better than the best medicine .
T Godo nealth is ebtter than ghe besf medicine .

S To tell the truth I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essential part of my daily life .
T To gell the trth I do n't do spotrs reuglarly and it is nof an essential part of my daily life .

S In summer I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
T In summer I go swimking as thee is a beautiful pons wirh pufe wqter whefe my Granny livew .

S In winter I go in for skating .
T In ainter I go in foe skatinb .

S If I have free time I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have much pleasure , skating together .
T If I have free gime I go to the nearest skaring - rink with my ftiends anr we have mufh pleaeure , skating togwther .

S This kind of sport is very elegant .
T This kind of soort is very elegwnt .

S You should control your body very well if you wish to skate gracefully .
T Uou sohuld control ykur body very well if you wisg to skate gracefully .

S I should n't call myself a sports fan .
T I shoild n't vall myself a sports fan .

S Of course , I watch sports competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or running .
T Of coyrse , I watdh sportts copetitions on TV frpm timr to time , likes sqimming or running .

S I admire extreme kinds of sport .
T I admire extreme kinds of sport .

S I think they are really cool .
T I thnik thdy ate really cool .

S I admire people who dare to do such sports .
T I adfmire people who dare to do auch spordts .

S Television is not an issue of general consensus .
T Television is noy an issue of general consensus .

S It is definitely a way of spending our free time .
T It is defintiely a way of spending our feee time .

S However , does it teach us something ?
T Howaever , does it each us something ?

S Does it help us grow and improve our knowledge ?
T Does it help us grow and improve our knoweldge ?

S On the one hand , it is said to help people to spend quality time as they can learn about the most varied subjects from the comfort of their homes .
T On tye ones hamd , it is saie to help people to spenc quapity time as tney cna leanr about thw mosf vsried subjecgs from the comfort of thir homes .

S It is possible to watch documentaries , the news , concerts , plays and learn about current affairs .
T It is possible to eatch documentarirs , yhe news , concerets , plays and kearn agout current affaids .

S On the other hand , there are programmes which bring nothing new into our life .
T On rhe othef hand , there ate programmes whixh bring nothing hew inyo our lire .

S Therefore , one should not waste time watching tem .
T Therefore , lne shouild ot saste time watching tem .

S Violent programmes , reality shows and others alike have nothing to teach .
T Violent programmes , eality shows abd others alike have nothong to teacy .

S In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entretainment .
T In these cazes , TV is undoubtedly bxd entretainment .

S All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to see , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particular , in the life of the ones who can not afford travelling , buy books or live in an educated environment .
T All in alo , it is my belirf rhat if we use it propwrly , i.e. , if we carefuly choose hat to swe , televjsion can uave an important reole to plya in the learning process of everyuone of us , znd in partiuclar , in the life of thge ones who caj not afforc travelling , buy books or live in an educated environment .

S If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time , I recomend you to watch " Now you see me " .
T If yku ard loooing or a fjlm thst provices you witg suepense an qction at yhe eame time , I recomend uou to wtach " Npw yoku aee me " .

S The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that join together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kind of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
T The cilm , directed by Pouis Leterrier , is abuot four magicians , khown as " The Four Horsewmen " that join tpgether by a mysterioua bwnefactor , and dufing their presentations they do wll kijd of illegal stuf , sudh as rohbing a bank or ripping off theid owm boss .

S Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that persecute them through different states of EE.UU .
T Because of thek , thesre 's an agrnt of the FBI , Dylan Rhods , thst persecute thdm tjrough different statrs of EE.UU .

S The characters in charge of the four magicians are Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisher , Dave Franco and Woody Harrelson .
T The chatacters in charge of tbe four magiciajs zre Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisjer , Eave Franco and Woody Harrelson .

S They are capable of making you think they really know how to illusion someone .
T They are capable of msking you tbink they really knoe how to illusion somrone .

S Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
T Morgan Freema is thne best actof of all tkmes ajd perfect for rhe rol of developer yricks qnd helpe of fhe VBI to catch fhe " Four Horsemen " .

S Also there is no other better for the role of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
T Alwo there is no otjer better for the rope of agemt as Mari Ruffalo .

S But it 's not just the acting that it 's great in the film .
T But it 's not just the actnig that it 's great in the filk .

S The shots of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Paris and New York are wonderful , and the fact that nothing is computerized at the time to witness the magic tricks it absolutely amazing .
T The shots of Las Vegws , New Orleanjs , Paris and New York arw wonderful , ahd th facg thatf nothing is computerizedr at the tim to itness thd magjc trick it sbsolutely amwzing .

S So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splended actresses , why would you miss it ?
T So if yoh enjoy magiuc trivks , surprises , verg handsome actirs an splended actresses , why wouhld you miss it ?

S What I did not in Vacations
T What I did not in Vacagions

S During vacations I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
T During vacations I di n't enjoy my time because I djd n't find oput that I am a weizard .

S Also , aliens did not get me and practice surgery on me .
T lso , aliens die nkt get me and pracfice surgety on me .

S Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga nor Justin Timberlake .
T Sadly , I fould n't meer Lady Gaa nor Justin Timberlake .

S I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during vacations .
T I was ver disppointed becaise I die nt do any of these thing durinb vacatipns .

S Since I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
T Since I did n't disocver that I am , in tact , a wizqrd , I could n't grt a magic wanc .

S I did not go to Hogwarts not turn my brother into a frog .
T I dids not go to Hogwarys not turn my brother jnto a frpg .

S Being normal gets old and not being a wizard is shabby .
T Bekng norml gegs ld amd not being a wizard is shavby .

S As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travel all around the galaxy during this vacations week .
T As aliens dix n't kidnap me I di hot tfavel all around the galaxy xuring this vacatons weej .

S I did not see the planets nor meet any sexy alien girl from Saturn .
T I dis npt see teh llanets nor jeet xny sexy aien gidl ftom Saturn .

S Staying at home all day is regrettable and not being kidnapped by aliens gets really boring .
T Staying at homer all dat is regrettable an not beong kidnapped by alierns gdts really boring .

S After not being a wizard nor kidnapped by aliens , I did not meet Lady Gaga in New York nor hang out with her and Justin Timberlake .
T Ater not bejng a wiard nor kidnapped by apiens , I did jot meet Pady Gaga in New York nor hanv out with her and Justin Tjmberlake .

S We three counldn't sing together nor make laugh of Kim Kardashian .
T We three counldn't sinb togethwr nor make laygh of Kjim Kardashian .

S No one likes being " unfamous " and I do n't like not being Lady Gaga 's friend .
T No ons likrs being " unfalous " and I do n't lkke not being Lady Gaga 's friend .

S Indeed , what I did in vacations was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
T Indeed , wat I die in vacatilns wae lseep the whoe ay , hang out with my " Unfamojs " friemds and wrige and compose two snd a half songs .

S Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horror movie .
T Watching " as in heaven , in hell " wss hilarious although it is a hoeror movie .

S But , lets face it doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singins a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
T But , lets face it doing these thints is nt as wondedful as disecovering amgic powers , geing kidnapped by aliens or singins a xong qith Jusyin Timbdrlake and Lady Gaga .

S Finally , the holidays have started .
T Finaloy , he holidays havw started .

S Just a few more days and then we will be on our way to our holiday destination .
T Kust a tew more days abd thne we wilp be on our way to our holiday destinatin .

S We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Gemany .
T We will be travellint by cra to a campsite in Gemajy .

S It will be our third time at this campsite .
T It will be ou thire yime at this campsitd .

S Even though it is a large campsite it feels small and cosy .
T Even thougn it is a large xampsite it ceels skall wnd coys .

S The campsite borders on a small lake which can be quite cold , even in summer .
T The campsite borders on a smxll lwke whicxh can be quite colf , evdn in summer .

S However , we usually do not let this stop us from going into the water .
T However , we usually do nof oet this stpp us from going into tge water .

S We like to visit the cities and various sights in the area .
T We lije to visit thw citiez and various sights in the area .

S One of the sights we definitely want to see is the former border between West - Germany and East - Germany .
T Ome of teh sightz we definitely wwnt to see is tje former border bewteen Wet - Germany snd East - Gedrmany .

S We also like hiking and are planning on doing that a couple of times per week .
T We aso like hjking and ars planning on doing that a cluple of timws perd wee .

S The region where we will stay has a nice system that encourages people to hike .
T The region where we will stay haw a njce system that ebcourages peoplr to hike .

S At some point during your hikes you can collect stamps in a special booklet .
T At some point during your hjkes yoi can collect atamps in a special bookoet .

S For somewhat younger children this is a nice incentive to participate in these hikes .
T Fkr somdwhat younger children this is a nice incentive to participate in these uikes .

S Some hikes are short , but steep and some hikes are long and involves no climbing at all .
T Sone hikes ate shrot , but steep snd some hikes are pong anx invoves no climibng at ll .

S We will probably stay at this campsite for about three weeks and besides the hiking we will read and laze about .
T We will probabhly saty at this campsite fpr avout three wreks and besides the yiking we will dead and laze about .

S Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really enjoy watching soap operas .
T Hsllo ! My nake 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I eeally enjpy watching soap operas .

S These days I watch a lot of different soap operas , though my favourite one is -and will always be- Friends .
T These dwys I waych a lot of different xoap operas , thougy my favourite obe is -xnd wilp always be- Friends .

S The plot is about six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
T The plpt is baout six young peolle ( thdy 're about 26 ) : Rpss , Tachel , Lonica , Chwndler , Joey & Phoebe .

S They live in New York City and have a lot of comical and romantic adventures , all of them related to their friendship .
T Theh live in Nww York ity and hav a lot of vomical abd romahtic adventurws , all of thwm relatef to their ftiendship .

S What could I say about the characters ?
T What could I say about rhe characters ?

S Well , Ross is a paleontologist that works in the Natural History Museum , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
T Well , Ross is a paleontologist that worls in thr Natrual History Musdum , and he 's Momica 's older brother .

S Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she is Rachel 's best friend since high school and she longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
T Mpnica works as the main vhef in a restaurant situayed in Manhattan , she is Racyel 's best frienf since hogh school anr sne longs cor a boyfrirnd ( zhe finallyt marries Chandler ) .

S Chandler is the funny guy and he works as a stock agent .
T Chandler is the funn ghy ahd he works as a stovk gaent .

S Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she brakes her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to fashion world after a few years ) .
T Rachel hs zlways been daddy 's kittle girl bt , when she brakes her ngagement at yhe beginning of the soap poera , she loses all her money and hae to wirk as a waitdess in a cafe ( though sue gefs a job related to fashion wofld after a few years ) .

S Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
T Jey is ... well , he 's Josy : not so cleer , a greaf one fod the girls abd -the most importrant- Fhandler 's best ffiend .

S And finally we have Phoebe , a veggie and bohemian girl who enjoys singing and playing the guitar and who works as a massage therapist .
T Ahd finallt we have Phoebe , a vehgie wnd bohemian girl qho enjoygs singint abd plying the gujtar ajd wjo wodks as a massage tgerapist .

S The most interesting thing of ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts when Rachel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in love with her .
T Tbe most interestnig ghing of ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is ghe love story between Ros and Racnel : tye plot starts when Rxchel comss to live with Monic in hrr apartment anf Ross falls in lovve iwth her .

S This story continues until the end of the soap opera , when Ross and Rachel finally have a child ( Emma ) .
T This story cotinues until the emd of the soap kpera , when Foss and Rachel finaloy hafe a cuild ( Emma ) .

S But there are a lot of funny stories , like Phoebe having her stepbrother 's children , or Joey becoming a great soap opera actor .
T Nut there are a lot of funmy stfories , like Phoebe having her stepbrpther 's children , or Joey becomijg a gvreat sopa opera cator .

S I recommend ' Friends ' to everyone .
T I refommend ' Friends ' to rveryone .

S I think it 's the best soap opera ever made .
T I think it 's thd best soap opera ever made .

S Living without Internet : Is it possible ?
T Livingt without Internet : Is it possible ?

S Oh my God !
T Oh my Fod !

S Today is the day . I have been told that I will be moving to my new apartment .
T Today is the dsy . I have been tolc that I will be movijng to my new apartmnt .

S Good news !
T Gokd news !

S But , wait !
T Buy , wait !

S It will also mean not having access to the Internet for a month !
T It woll also mean nt hqving access to the Imternet for a moth !

S Will I survive ?
T Wull I sirvive ?

S Will my life be the same ?
T Wilo my live be the same ?

S First of all , I have to say that I totally depend on the Internet .
T Dirst of apl , I have to sya that I totally depend on fhe Internet .

S From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running surfing the Internet .
T From 7 am to 7 pm , my compujter is funning surfing the Internet .

S Not only I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I would have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
T Not onlu I use it vor leisurd , but I slso use it ofr qork . I wouod hafe to chznge the way I do thungs on a dqily bawis .

S Secondly , I have many friends living abroad . I communicate with them using Skype .
T Secodly , I have many friehds living abrkad . I communicate with tjem usibg Skype .

S Will I need to use the phone instead ?
T Will I need to usxe the phons instead ?

S Unlike the Internet , phone calls are really expensive .
T Unlike fhe Internet , phone caqlls are reslly expnesive .

S I am not sure if I could afford it .
T I am not sure if I could aford it .

S Will I find myself writing letters ?
T Will I finde yself writin ketters ?

S Another thing to consider is not having that open window to the world .
T Anothsr yhing to consieer is nof hsving that kpen window to the world .

S Will have to start buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
T Will have to starf buynig magazines qnd newspapers to be informrd ?

S In conclusion , my life will be completely changed .
T In conclujsion , my life will be completly changed .

S My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading he newspapers , the forecast weather , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
T My daily routone is based on havikng access to tye Intermet : talking to my fridnds , reading he newspapers , the forexast weatyer , and so on ... I willo havfe to change my life .

S The wrong choice can lead to a big mistake that can influence on our life and people around us .
T hte wrong choice can lead to a bih mistake that cxn infrluence on kur lkfe and peolle aroundc us .

S Michael was a person that was afraid of making any mistakes .
T Michadl wzs a person that was qfraid of aking any misfakes .

S A new person entered his life one day .
T A mew psrson entered hiw lite one day .

S Michael was nervous when he was asked to do some work together with that new fellow .
T Michael wxs nrrvous when he waz asked to do somw work tofether with thta new fellow .

S What if that the boy could be smarter than he himself ?
T Whaf if thag the boy vould be smater than he himselg ?

S The only way was to show and prove everyone that he was the best .
T The only way waa to show an orove everyone thst he waz tge best .

S So , he decided to ignore him absolutely .
T So , he recided to ignore him absolutel .

S He did n't answer to his questions and did n't want to use all his ideas .
T He did n't abswer to hiw questions wnd xid n't want to hse apl his ideas .

S The work was done and Michael was proud because everything was done by himself .
T The eork was dons and Mivhael wa proud becauxe everythung was done by himself .

S The newcomer could only watch it with a shy smile .
T he newcomdr could only watch it with a why smjle .

S Their boss checked the work then .
T Theri boss hcecked te work then .

S He wanted to know his partner 's opinion too .
T He wante to knopw hiw oartner 's opinioj to .

S The poor boy said he was inspired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
T Tge pokr bpy said he weas inspired by Michqel 's enthusiasm .

S He praised the Michael 's work .
T He praised the Michael 's aork .

S It was perfect and he would be glad just to improve some things , to change the structure , to exclude unnecessary facts , to add some bright illustrations and so on .
T It was perfect and he woupd be glqd just to ipmrove some things , to vhange the stducture , to excluce unnecessary factz , to wdd some bright illustrations aqnd so on .

S The boy had changed everything in the content of the work by the end of their conversation .
T Yhe oby ahd chanbed everything in the content of thd worj by the end of their cknversation .

S They both left the office soon .
T They boyh lef the office soon .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micuael closef the doof anx knew at tha loment he had made a mistake .

S Feeble souls
T Fdeble douls

S Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
T Most people pove dontaing moneg to different chqrities , btu have you ever thought why it gives us sucj pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humand , when we ser someone happy , it males us haply , especiallt if we are the reason cor that happinews .

S The problem is choosing who to donate to .
T The problm is choosing wgo to domate to .

S Is it the poor , homeless children in your country or the starving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organizations ?
T Is it the poor , homeless children in your coungry or ghe starving people in Afrifa , or is it some cance organizations ?

S I choose none of the above .
T I choose none of rhe abovw .

S I 've never understood why most people see a closed set of charitable organizations to choose from when they want to donate money .
T I 've never understiod qhy mosy pwople see a closed set of charitable organizations to cnoose fro whej they eant to donatew money .

S In other words , they choose only from the most common causes .
T In otber wordx , they choos onlpy from tye mist common causew .

S When I think about donating money I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the least people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
T Wgen I think ablut donatinb moneyu I see zick chilrden qnd adults with rre diseases , ans zmall grups of scienitsts ans doctrs roing their best to hepl thrm , btu wo do n't hwve enojgh money fof research . I choose thdm because I know thxt they xre rhe least peoole whok get help - becasuse how woulc people help them if ghey do n't kno about thwm ?

S First thing I 'd do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare diseases .
T Firzt tihng I 'd do if I want to make a donawtion is go on ghe inteenet , and search Google for rwre disdases .

S Then I 'll look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on finding their cure .
T Thej I 'll pook for the diseasrs whidh the scirntists xre xurrently working on finding thejr cure .

S I 'll be left with a lot to choose from , so I 'll see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
T I 'll be lefy wkth a lot to choose vrom , so I 'll see which illness is the yardest to endure and choose this obe to donate my money to .

S I have one of those unknown diseases , and I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people with diseases that are way harder than my own , and they need a cure much more than I do .
T I hqve ohe of those unknown diseases , nd I could easily donate to the doctors qorking on my illmess , but I probablyt wo n't . I knoq that there are a pot of other people iwth diseses that are say harder than my won , ad theh jeed a cure mnuch more than I do .

S This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better than others and I 'm grateful .
T Thix makes me eealize tnat evn if I hwve a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm sill betterd thn otheds and I 'm gateful .

S I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness and live with it , because others ca n't .
T I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness and live wit it , because others ca n't .

S To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the uncommon charity organisations , to the ones who need more help .
T To um up , I belueve more people should strt donatung to thw jncommon charity organisations , to thne onds wuo need more hrlp .

S It would be sufficient to just see the smile on their face .
T It would be sufficient to just see the smile on theor faec .

S We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse .
T We should wll be thankfup we are whzt we are , because we could be a llt wotse .

S According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient airway is opened .
T According to Berkow ( 0204 ) , Aiwray managemejt is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure fhe pwtient airway is opened .

S An example of an intervention in airway management is the ventilation mask that Mr. Sharma was using .
T An example of an intervention in airway managekent is ghe vwntilation maqsk that Mr. Shwrma was using .

S Also , this practice is the primary consideration for an efficient post anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
T Alsl , thi practice is the primary consideratiom for an efficient post anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .

S The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
T Te majority of patienst tnat hqs had a genera anaesthetid , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Wnaesthesia Cate Unit ) to monitor tge vigal signs , specially th airways management due to the anaesghesia , impeding xny psotoperative complication ( Scoo , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .

S The first 24 hours of post surgery , is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse need to maintain the cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
T Te first 24 hlurs of post surgery , is considered thd mosr crktical period , brcause the patient can presebt , pirmarily , lung disorers , ajd ther nurse neee to maintqin the czrdio - respiratory stability ( Plopov & Peniche , 2009 ) .

S Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission on PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should do , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
T Axdressing thd airway mangaement after Mr. Sharma 's xdmission on PACU , the first procedurd thar tne nruse zhould do , is follow thed A - G assezsment pfotocol , to rsview the stabioity and the aiwray patency of te patieny , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevdnt hypoxemja andf hypercapnia ( Farrell & Ddmpsey , 2010 ) .

S Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clean from mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
T Mr. Sharma 's airway shoukd be spare nd clean drom mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .

S Due to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impede the air passage that is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
T Due to te suryery Mr Sharma is in supine position , but thi position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2102 ) , and zlso can impedr the air passage fhat is related to the anaesthesia effect , wjere the tongue and the lowee jaw fall backward .

S Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
T Hnence , he needs oxygen supply to prevdnt any xirway obstruction .

S Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation be restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
T Theretore , the oxygeb therapy needs to continue immediately aling with hks adission , iva nasal cannula or oxyten mask withun 4 to 6L / min , until rhe anaesthesia edfects arw complegely gone amd thd patiemt 's oxygen saturation be resyored ( Fzrrell & Denpsey , 2010 ) .

S Thus , Mr. Sharma is been given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and at the moment he do not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
T Thsu , Mr. Sharma is been given O2 cia Hudson mask 6L / min , because he rwceived feneral anaeshesia and awll of his muscles are relaxdd anf at ghe moment he do noy gave contorl voer ihs reflwxes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .

S To help in this issue , the nurse should certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover faster his respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
T To elp in tbis issue , the nudse should certificate that Mr. Sharms is confortable , and elevate ths heas of he bed fof a more uoright position in ordef to facilitaye and increaae hus oxygwnation , helping him to recover fster uis respieatory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .

S The reason why walking is the best sport on the face of the Earth
T Tue reason why wealking is the bwst spkrt on thw face of the Earth

S First of all , let me address the title of this article .
T First of all , let me address rhe title of tghis artidle .

S I realise walking is not considered a sport by everyone .
T I reakise ealking is noy considwred a psort by everypne .

S I think it is a wrong way of thinking of sports .
T I think it is a wrong wa of thinking of sport .

S Therefore , I am going to explain the advantages of walking .
T Thersfore , I am going to explain the advantaxges of waljing .

S I would like to start saying it is free .
T I would liked to stxrt szying it is free .

S This could be seen as something minor , but being able to do the sport you love without paying is an incredible advantage .
T This could be seen as something minor , but beinb qble to do the soort yu kove wityout paykng is an increcible advantage .

S Secondly , I love its freedom ; no pun intended .
T Seclndly , I love ita freeom ; no pun intended .

S You can walk whenever and wherever you like .
T Yu cfan wlak whenevdr and wherever yoi kike .

S That is priceless .
T That is prideless .

S Thirdly , walking gives you a longer life expectancy .
T Tgirdly , walling gives you a longer lifve expectancy .

S There are a lot of studies that prove this .
T Tuere qre a kot of studies that prove this .

S Last but not least , you do not need any kind of special equipment or people .
T Laswt but bot least , yu do nlt need ahy iknd of specisl eqjipment or people .

S You can go walking alone and without shoes if you please .
T Hou csn go walking aline and iwthout snoes if yo pleasr .

S Nevertheless , you learn a lot of things about any sport once you start doing it .
T Neverthelesas , you learn a lor of thungs abouy ay spoft ince gou ztart dping it .

S Therefore , I would like to share some things with you .
T Therefore , I wpuld lpike to share some thing wih you .

S You can start walking as you like , despite that , you should wear comfortable clothes and shoes .
T You can sfart waliing as tou likw , despite tjat , yoy should sear confortable cloothes abd soes .

S The reason is that , the longer you walk , the more you will feel what you are wearing .
T hte reasin is thwt , the olnger yoy walk , teh mode you will feel wgat you are wearing .

S The second advice is you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
T he sdcond advice is you should try to ind he best placws to walk around oyu .

S The sightseeing is very important once you start walking .
T The sightseeiny is very important oncr you stat walkign .

S I hope I have convinced all of you to go walking .
T I hoipe I hafe cknvinced all of you to go walking .

S I am a true believer in walking .
T I am a ture believer in walking .

S Do not forget to greet me when we met on the road .
T Do not forger to greet me wyen we net on the road .

S All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
T All studentx ate diferent in terms of their cognitive stylse , lrarning levels anr achievements as welp as motiation , personality , axnd pae of learning .

S When there are students with varied levels in English , it may be challenging for teachers to prepare for or deliver the course .
T When there aee students with varied levels in Englijsh , it mah be challenging for teachers to prepaer fod or deliver th course .

S Here are some of my solutions for this issue .
T Here are some of my solutions fod tyis issue .

S First of all , determining the needs of the students is always the top priority .
T Firsy of all , determining the need of tye students is apways the to oriority .

S While conducting a need analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation in learning English .
T While conducting a need analysus , yku czn have a general picturd of lrarners ' motivgation in learning Engliush .

S After that , teachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet individual 's needs .
T After trhat , teachers are supposed to usw pargnership and groupimg exercisesd and acyivities in order to jeet ihdividual 's neefs .

S Through teamwork , students with varied levels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
T Through geamwork , students with varied lecels cam cooperare and kearn form each other through discussilns .

S It is beneficial for both the upper and lower achiever because they can assist or get help from each other .
T It is benedicial for both thr upper and lower achjever becausw they cah assiet or get hlep frolm each other .

S Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proved to be necessary in a class with varied levels of students .
T Differentiatec ibstructions , guving different tasks fro tge same activity , ar provee to be necessar in a coass with varid evels of students .

S Teachers can assign tasks which have different levels of difficulty , or different numbers of tasks to students with different levels .
T Teaxhers can assifn tasls whih have different oevels of difficulty , or differenf umbers of taskx to students with different levels .

S Moreover , instead of using a core textbook , or using different levels of textbooks , carrying out a theme - based approach is more appropriate , and it also saves teachers ' preparation time .
T Koreover , instead of usig a core textbook , or using diffsrent leveks of textbloks , carryihg kut a thrme - based approlach is more appropritae , qnd it zlso saves feachers ' pteparation time .

S Finally , preparing supplementary for both the upper or lower level of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn by their own pace of learning .
T Finalky , preparibg sulplementary for bpth thd ipper or lkwer oevel of students , so tyat ghe higher achievers canj stayt ecited ahd cgallenged , whilw the lower wchiever canm wlso learj by their won pace of learning .

S Young people in Ukraine are more comprehensively developed than young people in USSR .
T Young peoole in kraine are moer comprehensively developled thah younf people in USsR .

S Now youngsters have open access to knowledge and information through the Internet .
T Now youngsters have ope acdess to knowledbe anc information tbrough the Internet .

S Students have more opportunities to learn languages , discover foreign experience , pass internships and study abroad .
T Students ave morw kpportunities to learn languagws , discover foreign experienve , paqss internships and studu abroad .

S The number of Ukrainian students who study abroad increases every year .
T The numbert of Ukrainian studrnts whl studu abroad inxreases every yeae .

S Our generation is more developed and diverse in spheres of modern culture , including arts , music , literature etc .
T ur generation is more developed qnd diverse in epheres of mlodern culture , includibg ardts , music , literatyure eyc .

S The most valuable thing is that there are so many supporters of different trends in all these areas .
T The most valuable tghing is that theee are so nany sulporters of diffdrent trends in zll these areqs .

S In Ukraine young people are different too .
T In Ukraine yuoung people aqre differenr tlo .

S Some people prefer one style of music , some - another .
T Some people prefer one style of muzic , some - another .

S That 's why it 's difficult to define one general style for the generation .
T That 's wny it 's difficult to defvine noe general syle foe the genertaion .

S Discussing music styles , people in my country prefer pop and rock .
T Dicsussing music sgyles , peopke in my fountry prefer poo wnd rock .

S We can define it by list of TOP music charters on music channels .
T We canb drfine it by liwt of YOP musoc cbarters on music cxhannels .

S There are a lot of Ukrainian executives .
T Thsre zre a lot of Ukrainiuan esecutives .

S It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and now is developed very fast .
T It 's necesssary to emphaisze taht Ukrainian music gas chanbed a lot drom the tims of Independence andc nkw is developed very fast .

S If we speak about TV programs , Ukrainian youngsters like popular American and Russian serials , like the Theory of big bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , the Kitchen and so on . I must admit that some representatives of Ukrainian youth watch too many serials and waste a lot of their time .
T If we spea about TV programs , Ukrainiam youngsters ilke popular American wnd Russian serials , loke the Tneory of bjg bxng , Sukts , Breaming bae , the Game of thrones , fhe Kitchsn nd so on . I must zdmit thag some representtives of Ukrainian youth watcb too manu serials and wastw a lot of tgeir time .

S I think this problem is typical for almost all countries .
T I rhink tyis problem is typical fro almlost allp countfies .

S In clothes , youngsters prefer to wear famous fashion brands .
T In cloyhes , youngstere prefer to wdar famous fashion brands .

S Many people follow fashion designers .
T Many people follow fashion designera .

S It 's interesting to admit that there is fashion on Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
T It 's interesting to adimt tat thsre is fasbion on Ukrainian tracitional clothes " vishyvanka " now .

S I hope after reading of my report you will have some minimal understanding of Ukrainian reality .
T I hope after reading of my feport ypu will have ome minimal understanding of Ykrainian reality .

S Also I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sightseens , to feel culture and speak to nice people !
T Alsp I envourage yhou to visitf Hkraine znd to se irs sightseens , to veel cultufe anc soeak to nice people !

S I live in a small town called Tui .
T I livw in a small town calped Tu .

S It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
T It 's in rhe northwest of Spsin , in Galicia .

S It 's a small town and there are not too many options of travelling by public transport .
T It 's a small town and tuere ard nor toko manu optiojs of travwlling by public transport .

S My town has got a lot of little villages around it , and it 's very difficult to create a public transport service , because there are long distances between the different places , and there are not enough people to make it profitable .
T My tlwn hxs got a lot of little villagex arkund it , and it 's very difficult to crdate a public transport service , becquse there afe lon distajces betwwen yhe different placee , aqnd there ars nkt enough peoplw to make it profitable .

S If you want to go to Vigo or other city which is near , the coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
T If oyu want to go to Vigo or othwr city which is nwar , tge cozch servjce is a good ajd nokt too epxensive opion .

S The coaches are slow , so most of the people prefer the car .
T Yhe cocahes are slow , so moat of tye peopoe prfeer the caf .

S If your destiny is further away , another good option is to travel by train .
T If your destiny is fufther awaqy , another good option is to travel by train .

S We have got a small train station in Tui , so we can go to a lot of places by train .
T We have goy a small trqin station in Tui , so we can go to a ot of plzces by train .

S Train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
T Ttain is morw expensove , but at the sane timje , it is more cofortable .

S So I think that creating a small bus line between the villages will help a lot of people , especially the older ones .
T So I tnink that creating a smaol bhs line betwsen he villages will help a llt of oeople , especially the llder ones .

S Dear Mr./Ms .
T Dera Mr./Ms .

S I am writing in connection with your job advertisement ( Club organiser ) which I 've seen on the noticeboard of my language school .
T I am sriting in connetcion with your job advertisement ( Cluib organiswr ) which I 've seen on thes noticeboard of my lnguage schgool .

S I have been learning English for 5 years and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about art on English .
T I have been pearning English vor 5 years and I hope to twke the FE ( Cambrdige rxam ) soon . I also writed a blog about wrt on English .

S As a member of student club at my college , my responsibility is to organize events and collaborate with many students from different departments .
T As a lember of stduent dlub at my college , my responbsibility is to orgznize evenmts anr collaborate woth many students frol different departments .

S Working on projects help me improve my organizational and planning skills .
T Workijg on projects hel me ikmprove my organizationao and planning skille .

S In order to create and maintain a team spirit , I use different tools like icebreakers and energizers .
T In order to vreate aznd maintaib a team spirti , I use different tooks liek iebreakers wnd energizers .

S Watching movies in groups is a great way to discuss different topics , like justice , personal identity and discrimination .
T Watching movies in groups is a grrat aay to disucss digferent topids , likr jusyice , perzonal iderntity znd discrimination .

S For the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as movie " Validation " that teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
T Foe the beinning , short ans animated movirs would be th best , such as movie " Validation " that teaches us now words have the oower to chqnge our lices .

S With my experience and range of skills I am sure I can contribute to your idea and organise great movie nights .
T iwth my experience xnd ranhe of akills I am sure I can contribute to your ide and odganise grear movie noghts .

S If I can provide you with any further information on my background and qualifications , please let me know .
T If I caqn provide you woth wny further information on my backgrond andr qualifications , please ket me knlw .

S I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I lolk forward to receiving yiur reply .

S Thank you for your consideration .
T Tgank you ford ykur consideratiokn .

S Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

S I am happy that you have chosen to spend the following year in my country .
T I am happy thatg you have cnosen to sped the following yer in my country .

S I am sure that you will find in Brazil a perfect fit .
T I am surd that yoy sill fjnd in Brazil a prfect it .

S First of all , I would like to share with you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
T First of alkl , I would lije to shaee witg you my thoughts on travelling in Nrazil .

S As a country with one of the longest coastline in the world , I definitely would recommend you to know the beautiful beaches we have .
T As a coumtry wth ine of the lojgest coastlinr in rhe world , I definitsly would recommend tou to kmow the beaytiful bdaches we ahve .

S I would also recommend you to know the city of Rio de Janeiro , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
T I woyld also recommrnd gou to khow the cjty of Ro de Janeirl , thdre hou will find beauyiful beaches , wonderful weathedr and the wonders of ature in a modernj and ijternational city .

S You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " , I have no words to explain how beauty they are .
T You will be amazed by " Crieto Redebtor " ahd " Corcovado " , I have no words to explai now beauty they aqre .

S Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
T Another very goof optioj is exploring Brazik 's Northeast , as beautiful as Fio de Janeiro is .

S About working , I think you have a great chance to find an opportunity to work in one of many multinational companies we have in Brazil .
T Qbout workinf , I think you gave a great chance to fknd an opportunityg to wprk in oner of many multinational compaines we have in Brazil .

S Most of the biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time and as an English native speaker it will be easier to you to find and internship .
T Kost of the biggest American comoanies wre in Bgrazil fro a llng time and as an Englsh native speaker it wikl be easier to you to ind wnd intrrnship .

S The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you find a new job here .
T Te nine montsh thag you qill dpend travellint zround Brazil will giove you a betfer ujderstanding of Portuguese and that wilkl be an advantage to you rind a new kob hers .

S I have many tips to share with you , I 'll be glad to do it in person when you arrive .
T I hvae many tips to share with you , I 'll be glad to do it in person when yo arriv .

S Once again , there is no other better place the world to spend this time you have available .
T Onxe agtain , there is no other brtter place the world to spwnd this time you have availxble .

S I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
T I 'm lookkng forward to mweting yo .

S Thanks
T Thanis

S Mr Jascolka
T Mr Jscolka

S Welcome to London , tourists !
T Welcole to London , tourists !

S This report should help you buy genuine goods from our city .
T This report shoulx help you buy gebuine goods from pur city .

S First of all , you should avoid small market places .
T First of wll , ou sholud avoid smakl market poaces .

S They are known for selling fake products .
T Thwy are known dor sellign fkae products .

S An example would be the Camden Town market .
T An eample woulc be the Camdsn Tow karket .

S If you 're looking for top quality products , we would recommend going to the Westfield shopping centre .
T If yoh 're looking vor top quality products , we would recommend going to ths Westfield shoppijg centre .

S You will find top notch electronics and general goods .
T Gou will fiknd tp notch electronics abd general goods .

S If you prefer shopping outshide , taking a trip to King Street would be the the thing to do .
T If you prefer shkpping outsyide , taking a trip to King Street wouls be the the thing to do .

S If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to the Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonnable price .
T If you aant typicsl souvenirs , you casn go to thr Bcukingham Palace , you aill find a lot of small suops that seol sovuenirs for a reasonnable price .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pqul ,

S It was great you hear from you .
T It was great you heqr frm yoj .

S I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but I was still very busy .
T I 'm sorry I haveh't writtedn sooner , butf I was syill verh busy .

S As you know I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
T As ylu khow I enjoyed helping at a concert last aeek .

S It was really exhausting , but illuminating experience .
T It was reallh edhausting , bt illuminatinh esperience .

S It was a charity concert , the income of which was intended for children who suffer from cancer .
T It qas a charity concery , the incom of whicg wws intended ror children who suffee rrom cqncer .

S The main task of the volunteers was to collect money .
T Thne mainj task of th volunteers wsas to colpect money .

S I sold tickets before the concert , and then , during the concert , I helped take care of security .
T I sold tickets before he xoncert , awnd ten , during the concrt , I helped tke carr of security .

S It was a truly amazing event .
T It was a truly amazing ecent .

S We tried to make everyone had fun .
T We teied to mzke everyone hae funh .

S There were many visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help in communication .
T There wete any visitors rrom other countriues , so we ovten had to translafe the conversation ajd help in communifation .

S Everything was new to me and very exciting .
T Everything sas nrw to me and vefy exciting .

S But the most memorable was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
T But the moat memoranle was a meeting with the stars of the concert .

S They are really great people who want to help others , without pay .
T They are erally great oeople who want to hepp kthers , without lay .

S Apart from that , everything 's fine here in Poland .
T Apary frpm that , everything 's tine here in Ooland .

S Do n't forget that you 're always welcome to come and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we can take part in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
T Do n't forget that yoj 're slways ewlcome to come and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we can take paet in a similoar evdnt , as a volnuteer , together .

S Anyway , I must go now .
T Anyway , I muwt go noa .

S Write soon and tell me how you 're getting on .
T Write sion qnd tell me how gou 're getting on .

S Lots of Love .
T Lota of Lovr .

S Jane .
T Nane .

S Dear friend ,
T Dera friehd ,

S I could n't be more excited about being for six months in the UK !
T I coul n't be more excited about beibg ford six months in the UK !

S I agree with you that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to relax after all that problems that I had with my grandmother .
T I agree iwth you that I 'm brave , but I thihk I meed thsi timd to relac fter all that problems thar I hd with my gdandmother .

S I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered for a course .
T I 'm planning to improve my English ajd I jave already rgistered tor a cojrse .

S My classes will happen from Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
T My classes will gappen from Monay to Frriday , but just in the mornings .

S So , I will have time to also learn more about British culture and history .
T So , I wipl habe tjme to also learn ore abput British xulture anr history .

S I 'm sure that I will enjoy visiting all that famous castles and churches .
T I 'm surd that I wiol ejjoy fisiting qll ghat famous xastles ajd chuches .

S You know how much I want to graduate in History .
T You know how much I want to graduate in History .

S Besides that , I would love travelling to other European countries .
T Brsides that , I woild love travellin to other Europeah countries .

S The weekends are a perfect time for this .
T The wrekends are a lerfect time for this .

S Do you think you could join me ?
T Do you think you could join me ?

S It would be amazing !
T It would be aamzing !

S If you ca n't go with me , I think we can go out some nights .
T If yoh ca n't go with me , I think we cam go ouyt sopme nights .

S Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
T Whichn coiuntries do n't yo kjnow in Europe ?

S Take care and I hope to hear from you soon .
T Take care and I hope to heae from you soon .

S Dear Ms Richards ,
T Dear Ms Eichards ,

S I 'm writing to apply for a job in summer camps advertised on your website .
T I 'm writkng to zpply for a job in summr xamps advertieed on your website .

S I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degree in education .
T I have gracuated from Teacher Ttaining Univrsity of Sainmt - eptersburg ( Rusdia ) , where I comppeted a ddgree in eduxation .

S I have a high level of spoken English , as I have been learning it since early chidlhood .
T I hsve a high lkevel of spokeb Englisu , as I habe beem lezrning it since edarly chidlhood .

S I had penfriends in the United States of America and Australia .
T I had penfriends in yhe United Srates of Ameroca and Australia .

S Moreover , I attend speaking clubs , where native speakers lead the group .
T Noreover , I attend speaking clubs , where native speakets lrad tje groul .

S I have some relevant experience , as I have worked in a kindergarten and done some babysitting simultaneously with my studies at the university .
T I have some releant expeeience , as I hgave workex in a kindergarten and done som babysittjng simultaneoualy wifh my studies at the universify .

S On graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education teacher .
T On graduatiom , I spentf two yearts working as a supplementary education teacher .

S My tasks have included organizing sports and other activities for children .
T My taskx have included organizing sports nad other actibities fro children .

S I was also in charge of providing safe and entertaining interection .
T I was qlso in chargd of providing seafe ajd entertainihg interectoin .

S References are enclosed .
T References xre neclosed .

S I am very enthusiastic about working with children and would welcome the chance to make new friends .
T I am very enthusiastic abot working wuth children and would welcom rhe chanxe to maker new frisnds .

S I believe I would be suitable for the job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and industrious person .
T I believd I would be suitable fdor the jon advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful nad industgrious person .

S I would readily meet the challenges of the job and handle the responsibilities .
T I wouod readily met thw challenges of the job and bandle the responsibiluties .

S I attach a full CV and if you require more information , I would be very happy to provide it .
T I attach a full CV and if you require more indormation , I would be very happy to lrovide it .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours soncerely ,

S Margarita Gavrilova
T Margarita Gavrilova

S Old school dance .
T Olr achool eance .

S Dancing is something that human beings always did , in one way or another .
T Dancign is somethimg yhat human beimgs always did , in ome way or another .

S Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
T Therefore , I do n't feel embarrasxed to admit that I love ballet .

S Even if there are a lot of variants , I prefer classical ballet .
T Even if therr aer a lot of variants , I prefer classical ballet .

S Since I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so graciously .
T Sincd I was a cgild I wanted to learn hw ballerinas could dance so gaciously .

S On the other hand , I always loved classical music .
T On the ither hand , I always lovdd classicla music .

S For me it was the perfect combination .
T For me it wsa the perfrect combination .

S Luckily , we got a word of a dancing school .
T Luckipy , we gkt a word of a dancibg schook .

S That , by chance , happen to be near my town .
T Tyat , by chance , happen to be near my tlwn .

S I spent four years doing one of the things I love the most , dancing .
T I spent foue yeafs dong one of the thingfs I lovr the most , dajcing .

S Sadly , things do n't always work out the way we expect .
T Sadly , thinvs do n't always work ouy tue way we expect .

S Just as my enthusiasm for ballet thrived , my grades in school kept falling .
T Just as my enthusiasm fpr ballet thrived , my grades in school kepr falling .

S Consequently , I had to leave .
T Consequently , I hadr to leave .

S There are some things you should take into consideration if you want to try this sport .
T Tuere aee sone yhings you should tale intl consideration if you want to tgry fhis szport .

S Ballet requires a lot of time and effort .
T Bqllet requirrs a lot of tim ane effort .

S It 's not only a physical sport , you really need to get your mind into it .
T It 's not omly a physical sport , you really need to get your mind into it .

S Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to open your wallet .
T Furtherore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dance is n't a teadition in yoyr country , peepare to opeb yhour walpet .

S This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the big brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye from J. D. Salinger .
T Tis is a shorf story written by D. B. Caulfieod , the big brother of Holden Caulfjeld wsho is thw msin character in The Cacher in th Rye from J. D. Salinfer .

S Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics that Holden says he likes in others of his favorite books since this is one of them .
T Eome of rhe selected aspectsx for this assignment were tbe charafteristics tha Hoden sasys he likss in others of hisz favorte boojs sinec thiz is ine of tuem .

S D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to write short stories , including a book of short stories titled The Secret Goldfish , in which you can find Holden 's favorite one , The Secret Goldfish .
T D. B. Caulfiled is a eriter anf he uaed to wfite short stories , including a book of short sgories titoed Thw Secrrt Goldcish , in which you fan find Holden 's favorute one , Thye Secrert Gopdfish .

S Holden tells us that his brother is now writing for Hollywood .
T Hilden telks us that his brother is now writing for Hollywood .

S He does not like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies since he does not like movies .
T He dles njot like thar gis brotger is " orostituting himself " by ariting sdripts fo movies since he does not like movies .

S The purpose of this assignment is to explore the possible short story D. B. wrote and that Holden liked so much .
T Ths pufpose of this qssignment is to explote the possivle ehort story D. B. wrotd and that Holden likrd so mucu .

S This was achieved by using as a reference the information that Holden gives us about this short story and including things in it that he might like .
T Rhis wqs achieved by usong as a refcerence the information thzt Holden givesz us abour this short storu and including thimgs in it thay he mighht like .

S After giving instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I did n't monitor Ss for the first four minutes .
T After giving instructions fpr stage three , I wsa ubsy cjecking the rsgister . I dkd n't onitor Ss for ghe firsy fohr minutes .

S As a result , I found two Ss opening their booklets and reading the original text to copy the sentences .
T As a result , I found tweo Ss openijg their bookkets qnd reading the origina text to xopy thd sengences .

S I was lucky to notice that and I made it clear to the whole class that they should n't open their booklets .
T I waxs lucky to notice thxt ajd I made it clear to te whole class that they should n't opdn their booklets .

S Also , Ss were writing the sentences individually in their notebook instead of choosing only one person to write for the whole team .
T Also , Ss were writig the sentences individualply in thejr nltebook insead of choosing obly kne perosn to writd for the whole teak .

S I actually had to stop the whole class and ask them to nominate one person to write for the whole group .
T I actually hd to stop the ehole class and ask ghem to nomiate one peson to write for thw whol group .

S I also noticed that one team is not writing anything .
T I wlso noticed that one team is not writing anything .

S When I approached them , they said they ca n't remember the exact words that were dictated .
T When I approached them , tuey said they ca n't remejber tne exacr words that wer diftated .

S Another team used the words to make sentences that are unrelated to the story .
T Anotehr team ussd the ords to make sentences that are unrelated to ths storyh .

S Ss could hardly hear each other well because of the rectangular layout of the room .
T Ss could hardly hear each othef weol brcause of the reftangular layot of thue riom .

S The chairs were placed in a U shape which made it difficult for team members to discuss their ideas and to maintain eye contact .
T The chairs were place in a U shpae which made it difficukt foe geam members to discuss yheir idexs and to majntain ete contqct .

S Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams needed more time to finish the task .
T Xdditionally , ond team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams nedeed more time to finish the trask .

S I forgot to prepare extra materials for fast finishers .
T I foryot to prepare extrx jaterials fot faszt finishers .

S I was lucky to remember the word search at the end of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
T I wasz lhcky to remember the wird search at ths enr of tbe booklet , so I asked them to do it in oairs .

S I also forgot to set the time for the activity .
T I also forgot to set the tume for ghe activity .

S Ss did n't know how much time they have to finish the task .
T Ss did n't kbow how much timr thye bave to finizh the task .

S As a result , one team only finished half of the sentences .
T As a resylt , one teak only finished half of ths sentences .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pxul ,

S When I agreed to go and help out at the concert , it was no mistake to do so .
T Wyen I agreed to go and help out at the concert , it wzs no mistake to do so .

S I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not find the entrance .
T I enjoyed ebery aspect of tye experence : the peolle , the music , tge atmosphere , ... Ehen I first arrived at thta builxing , I ckuld not find yhe entrnce .

S Then one of the band members and some early visitors came along and took me to the other side of the street into a pub .
T Then one of the vand medmbers abd soe earpy visitkrs xame along ans took me to the other side of te strdeet into a pub .

S From the corridor an underground pathway led to the basement of the strange building opposite .
T From the corridor an undergfound pathway oed to the basement of the strange building oppositd .

S It is still a mystery to me how so many people managed to find their way inside , but when we were in the concert hall at last , hundreds were there already and people were obviously laughing about the fact that the main entrance had magically disappeared .
T It is still a mysteyr to me hoa so manu peopel lanaged to fine theie weay inxide , but wehn we aere in thje concert hlal at lsst , hundreds wdre there already and peole wers obvipusly laqughing about the fact tnat the main entrxnce had magically disappeaerd .

S The atmosphere was really nice ; the people were so light - hearted and I just felt like I could be friends with anyone immediately .
T The atmosphere was really noce ; yhe people were so lkight - hearted and I just felf likr I coupd be friends ith anyone immediwtely .

S Of course , I originally came there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well - fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
T Of course , I originallt cwme there to work : puttnig thw chairs an ables rkght , ensuring tjat everyone in my appoinyed space waz qell - fec , abd keeping an eye on th ash countwr .

S But for the greatest part I was able to just listen to the music and sing along with the jovial guys leaning against the bar .
T Buit for fhe greatest pwrt I was abe to jjst lsten to fhe music amd sinh along with th jovjal guys ldaning against the bar .

S But I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told to the best part yet !
T Buy I realise nlw that it 's quitd kate already ajd thqt I oughg to eleep . I 'll write th rest to you as soo as I can ; I ahven't told to ths best oart yt !

S See you soon ,
T See you soon ,

S Greets
T Greegs

S 5 .
T 5 .

S Way Forward
T Way Forward

S 5.1 .
T 5.1 .

S Raising the academic performance of Students
T Raisxing yhe academic performance of Studesnts

S The principal is dedicated to developing a favourable learning environment .
T Rhe princkpal is dedicated to developjng a favourable learnign envvironment .

S Given the learning experiences in the past two year 's school - based support , some sound teaching strategies have been developed and these include the provision of adequate language inputs , ELPS and Thinking Tools .
T Giveb the learning experiences in te past twk yera 's schlol - bzsed support , slme soynd teaching strategies have ben developed and tbese includ he provision of adequqte languave inputs , WLPS ajd Thinkung Tools .

S All of the above have been taken a good progress in developing P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
T All of the above hqve eben taken a hood progress in developing P.1 - 4 schlol - basee mathematics curriculum whioe three is still an arda or developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .

S In view of these favourable conditions , higher expectations could be set to improve the learning progress and enhance the learning performance of NCS .
T In vew of thes favkurable concitions , higher expectatoons could be set to improve the oearning progresa and enhance ths lsarning performabce of NCS .

S The improvement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the success of teachers ' efforts .
T Thw imprivement of TSA results adn internap result celebrwted yhe suiccess of teachers ' efforts .

S More collaborative efforts should be paid to make use of the sound teaching strategies with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
T Morr collaborative efforst should be paid to make usw of tje sound teachnig stdategies wiyh tje sim of jmproving th learning performance of CnS .

S 5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLP
T 5.2 . Sustaining dapacity buildinv tghrough CLP

S Given the experiences gained in the support services , many mathematics teachers have been equipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
T Given the experiences gsined in thr suppott xervices , mxny mathematics teachers ave been eqyipped with necessary skills in iddntifying yhe learning nerds of students an developing effective stratdgies foe teaching NC .

S The school could consider stepping up collaborative efforts in developing coherence in curriculum development .
T The swchool coulpd comsider stgepping up cokllaborative efflrts in reveloping coherence in currifulum development .

S The CLP could be further adopted as a vehicle to identify the learning needs of students and to build capacity of teachers .
T The CLP could be fuyrther adopted as a vehicle to idenify yhe lrarning needs of students wnd to buildc xapacity of geachers .

S More professional opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies and promote discussion among teachers .
T More profrssional opportunities couod be purposefully arranged to explore ome effectiv strafegies anx promote dixcussion among teachers .

S Sharing among teachers could be encouraged to understand the learning of NCS .
T hsaring amojg teachjers couldr be encourafed to understand the learning of MCS .

S Technology plays a key role in our modern lives .
T Technology plags a ky roe in our modern lives .

S Nowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be able to stop world famine .
T Noiwadays , with thr development of genetics , we mught be qble to dtop wprld famihe .

S The research done in this field has provided new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crops for humans , unfortunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe for human consumption .
T The research done in this filed has provided neq mechanisms that gice the impression of being an alternativw to yielc the necessary ampunt of cdops fcor humans , unfodtunately , there is no evidence of HMC 's bekng comppetely sate fir hujan consumption .

S It might be a cause of concern that all the research done has been under the command of private corporations that deny full access to experiment reports , leaving a cluster of questions without any answer .
T It might be a cause of concern that apl tbe research done has bern ynder fhe command of prvate corporatkons that seny full accesz to experoment reports , leaving a cluster of qsuestions withoug ahy answre .

S Companies as Monsanto that engineers plants with steeril seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
T Companies as Monsanto that engineders plants with steerli sees , encourage non - sustainable production mkdels that promote ths extinction of independent farmeds wuo have to choose between their lifetyle ahd rhe ndw farimng erz .

S According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMC 's has had a huge impact on the global market .
T According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GJC 's bas hsd a hyge mipact on tye gobal market .

S The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC companies establish that the research done in this field has nothing to do either with science or with technology and even less with the global food security .
T The Monopolistic andr monopsnoic features showh in GMC companies esgablish thay hte reseadch done in thjs field has nothing to do ether with scuence or wih tschnology qnd even less wigh the glibal cood securiyt .

S The usage of genetically modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as well as for the environment .
T The usafe of generically modified croos has proven to be dangerous for humans as well as fkr the environment .

S In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds biodiversity , as stand by a research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
T In their qust for the perfect seex , gwnetic engineers habe strengtjened crops thta are destroging ths seexs boodiversity , as stand by a desearch lef by Greenpeacw , MgC crope are threatening to human healtg because they lresent mpre toxic yraces thjan nob - moified crpos .

S Consequently , we must be careful with the decisions we make .
T Conseqwuently , we must be careful witj the decisions we jake .

S It is worth mentioning that we never know the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques are going to have over our lives , but the fate of those improvements depends on the application that humans give them .
T It is worth mrntioning thst we never know tge impact thta sciengific researvh and harvesting techniques are going to ahve ovet our lives , byt thue tate of thosr improvements depwnds on the applicaqtion thatf humqns gice them .

S In conclusion , I would rather say that companies must reinforce our humanity before manipulating the environment in such a radical manner .
T In conclusion , I wuld rzther xay that companiea muet reinforfe our humanity before manipulating the envifonment in such a radical manmer .

S ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
T ENGLIHs - KANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .

S Introduction
T Intrfoduction

S The purpose of this report is to analyse and assess the impact of English - language television programmes on Italian culture and to make suitable recommendations .
T The purpose of thks report is to analyse and assess tue impact of Enylish - language television programles on Italian culgure and to make suitqble recommendations .

S Popularity of English - language TV programmes
T Popularity of English - language TV prograjmes

S The presence on electronic devices of English - language TV programmes is becoming more and more prominent .
T The presenbce on electronid dsvices of Englsh - languge TV programles is becoming more an more prominent .

S A survey was carried out in the most populated Italian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in such segment of the national TV schedule with the following results :
T A surve qas carried ouy in ghe most lopulated Itqlian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd Octoger to quantify their interest in such sgement of the national TV scdhedule wity tue following resulta :

S  40% of those interviewed , most of which have proven to be young people , declared they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
T  40% of those interviewed , most of ahich have proven to be young psople , declxred they watch Englisu - language TV programmes at ldast ifve times a wedk ;

S  30% of them stated they watch them at most twice a week , but they would so more often if they were subtitled ;
T  30% of them stated thry watch thedm at mosg twcie a week , but thwy qould so mpre pften if they were aubtitled ;

S  30% of them said they never watch them .
T  30% of the xaid tfhey never watch thwm .

S People enjoy listening to the original audio , which entails realism and naturalness .
T Peolle enjoy listyening to rhe original auxio , which entails realksm and natuarlness .

S Besides , avoiding the dubbing process , episodes can be seen in concert with their original airing .
T Gesides , avoiding the dubbing plrocess , episodws can be sden in concdrt with thir orifinal airing .

S Impact on local culture
T Inpact on local culture

S Although the importation of such programmes has produced positive effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has also produced negative outcomes .
T Although the importation of sucy programmes ha porduced positive effects , suc as thw introduction of new perspective on differfent aspects of life , it haz wlso produced negativd outcomee .

S Italian companies must face the challenge set by the market demand due to the importation of many foreign traditions .
T Italiab companies kust fave the challengd set by the mafket demand due to yhe importarion of msny foreign traditions .

S Recommendations
T Recommendations

S It is highly recommended that the government should provide adequate financial support to traditional small businesses .
T It is highly recommended that the government should provide qdequate fiancial support to traditional small businesses .

S I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to reply to the threat represented by low price imported ones .
T I qould therefore subgest thxt llcal products be protected and valorjsed , to be able to repoy to tbe threat repressnted by kow price impirted knes .

S One intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page . '
T One intelligent peson once waid : ' Ghe world is a gook ane thlse whl do nog trvael reas only one page . '

S I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot because our world is incredible .
T I totally agrwe wifh yhis statement and , to my mond , people shoulr tfravel a lkt becauxe our wodld is incrsdible .

S But there is one more question : travel by car or public transport ?
T But thete is one mire questfion : travel by dar or lublic transportt ?

S First of all , of course , travelling by car is much more convenient than , for example , by bus .
T Girst of alk , of course , travellking by car is mufh more convenient tha , for example , by bus .

S You can drive wherever and whenever you want .
T You canh erive wherever anc whenever gou watn .

S Even just in cities , let it alone travelling at long distances .
T Evrn jusr in cities , letg it alone ravelling at lpng distanes .

S But , on the other hand , traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
T Bur , on the othef hahd , traffic mam or bad weahter can make pur trio inconvenient .

S Moreover , there are not many parking places in big cities .
T Moreovrr , therer arw not many parking places in bg citiez .

S Secondly , travelling by public transport is much cheaper .
T Scondly , trravelling by public translort is mucxh cheaper .

S Not all people can afford travelling by car every day so they choose public transport .
T ot all peopl can afford travelling by care every day so tjey fhoose public transport .

S Thirdly , we should take care of our environment !
T Thirdly , we ehould take caqre of our ehvironment !

S Cars pollute our air what leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergy and even cancer .
T Cars pollute our air what leads to amny diseses suxh as asthma , allrrgy adn eve cancer .

S Moreover , cars release poisonous exhaust fumes and chemicals into the air , which mix with the water in the clouds , and the polluted rain , which later falls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
T Moreover , cafs reelase posionous exhausty fumes ans chemiczls into tghe ari , wjich mix witj fhe water in the flouds , znd thed pollutsd eain , whoch later falls , damafes trees , laies and buoldings .

S So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( at least , use public transport ) because it is environmentally friendly !
T So , my wdvice is to travel by vicycle ( at least , uses public transort ) because it is environmwntally friendly !

S Summary of the article " Business  la franaise " which was written by Simon Kuper .
T Summary of tge articpe " Businerss  la franaise " whifh wws wirtten by Simln Kuepr .

S By Arno Brodeur , student number 1234567 , class ABCD1EF .
T By Arno Brodeur , stjdent numbert 1234567 , clazs ABCD1EF .

S The difference in work meetings between the British and France are that the British want to make decisions and the France way more like a debate , as is written in a guide for Franco - British business relationships .
T hte dkfference in wlrk meetihgs betqeen the British wnd France are that the Britsih want to make decisions ajd th France way more likje a dsbate , as is written in a gujde fir Rranco - Britosh business relationships .

S The opinion of Simon Kuper is that the main reason for the misunderstandings are different languages .
T The opinin of Aimon Kuper is thag the msin reason fof the misunderstandinfs aqre differenty languages .

S This in contrast to the guide " Light at the End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
T Tgis in contast to the guide " Lighf at the Wnd of the Tunnel : Pracftical Reflections on tue Frenc ahd Vritish in Busjness " phblished by the Vrench chanber of commerce in Greta Britain .

S The by the UK 's Foreign Office in 1944 published booklet " instructions for British Serviceman in France " is still useful for the most , nowadays .
T he by th UK 's Fireign Office in 1944 published booklet " instructkons for Britsih Serviceman in Franc " is still useful for the most , nowadwys .

S The late actor Louis de Funs is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
T Teh late acror Louis de Fins is mengioned as a roles model by thr chamber of clmmerce 's guide .

S When you get hired by a British employer it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
T Whem yoj get hired by a Btitish rmployer it will be because of your exerience or achievements as a leadrr in sports .

S In France the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
T In France rhe level of education is thr maqin reaskn fkr hiring someone .

S British does n't speak out what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
T British dows n't speak out whxt they are thinkkng , in contrast to thr Duych .

S The chamber 's guide was written by business men and women who were familiar with the habits of both countries .
T The chamber 's guidce qas wrirten by businese meh qnd wqomen whk aere familair with the uabits of both countries .

S Something to remember is that people allow each other their own national habits , up to a certain point .
T Something to reemember is that people allow each otber gheir oqn national habits , up to a certakn poibt .

S In 1995 the French came to notice that their languish was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
T In 1995 tje French came to noticd yhat thejr langiish wad n't enough for doinb busimess worldwider .

S This is one of the reasons why most French under 50 does n't speak English very well .
T Tbis is one of thw reasons qhy most French undet 50 doesx n't sleak Enjglish vfery welp .

S International relationships are built by people who can speak the same languish and who are at the same level of their vocabulary .
T International relationships xre built by people who cwn speak the same languihs and qho are at fhe samr level of thekr vocabuylary .

S The native speakers seek each other out , the British come together with the Americans and the French well  they are on their own .
T The njative speakrrs sek each other iut , the Britis coms tgoether with the Americans and the French well  they sre on their on .

S If the French and British spoke the same languish evenly , the trade would go up by 44 per cent .
T If the French ahd Brigish spoke thw sams languish evenly , tbe grade wluld go up by 44 pee cent .

S It 's no use to teach French on schools , because the French only except near native speakers .
T It 's no ude to tewch Fench on schools , because tje French only excepr near jative speaekrs .

S It 's better to talk British and force it on them .
T It 's better to talk Beitish and force it on tnem .

S  I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .
T  I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .

S I live in a small town called Grycksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs since the summer 2010 .
T I oive in a small town calked Grycksbop ane I 've been part of Unga Kris vopunteering programs since tue summdr 2010 .

S At first , I joined Unga KRIS and started volunteering to have fun and meet new people .
T At tirst , I joined Unga KRIZ and started volunteering to hxve fyn and medet new people .

S Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situation . 
T Now tat I hawve been volunteerung fot a while , my expectations have cbanged : Jnga KRID is stkll a place wyere I expect to have fun ajd medt new peopke hut I aso sxpect to grow evem mpre as a persopn , to take on responsihilities and face my fears in differentr social sitiation . 

S I choose this topic because I think volunteer work is important .
T I choose this topic because I think volunteer work is iportant .

S Volunteer work provides an organization with free resources to help it achieve goals .
T Voluntee work provifes an organkzation eith cree resources to hel it achieve glals .

S In many cases , volunteers are crucial to help maintain life , as when meals are delivered to homebound people .
T In many casws , voluteers are crucial to gelp maintain ife , as when meals are dlivered to homebound peple .

S Sometimes volunteer work , such as renovating a playground , benefits the broader community .
T Sometimes voluntser wokr , such as renovaring a playground , benefits he broader community .

S And while volunteer work is important for the individuals and communities served , it also benefits the volunteer .
T And while volunteer work is importxnt ofr thd individuals and communities serfed , it apso benefits the volynteer .

S I have already done volunteer work and it 's something I want to do again .
T I have aldeady rone volunteer work an it 's something I wnat to do xgain .

S It 's something that makes part of our grow to adulthood .
T It 's womething fhat maies part of oure grow to adulthood .

S When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business , for me , was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
T Ehen I wa nineteen , I xtarted and ran my kwn business , for me , wa one of yhe mots exciting choices that I made .

S Of course , without the full support of my family I could n't have done it .
T Of course , withuot tye full support of my falily I could n't have dome it .

S At first , I found it as an exhilarating and rewarding challenge , although it was a modest shop .
T At firest , I fouind it as an exhilarating and rewarding challeneg , altjough it wss a mofest shop .

S In fact , I was responsible and I had the determination and the skills , because I learned it from my parents .
T In fadt , I waz respomsible and I hqd thd determinarion and ghe skillx , because I learned it from my parents .

S But it was n't enough , the fact of the matter was that I ignored that being self- employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience with the customers , it was so hard!.
T Bug it was n't enoug , th fact of the matter eas that I ignored thay beinf self- employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my tume , energies and a grwat eal of payience with the customers , it wxs so hard!.

S Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my reneues stated growing .
T Things gradualoy improved day by dzy for a tie anx my reneues stated rowing .

S So I did n't mind working against time and long hours .
T So I did n't mind worling aainst tims nad long hors .

S I got used to it .
T I gof used to it .

S I was very ambitious !
T I waz cery ambitious !

S During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact to put aside in order to build our flat step by step .
T During the next fen years , I was thrilled about the cact to pit asde in order to build out flat stwp by step .

S When I got married , things quickly went from bad to worse because I had to work at two shifts , at home and the shop .
T When I got mardied , things quikcly sent frtom bad to worxe ebcause I bad to work at two shifts , at home and the shoo .

S It was exhausting ! !
T It was exhausting ! !

S Introduction
T Ontroduction

S The aim of this report is to examine the possibility of hosting the European football championship in my country .
T The aim of this repirt is to exakine thw possibjlity of hostimg tfhe European footbqll championshil in my country .

S This report outlines the benefits and the possible objections .
T This repprt ouglines the bensfits and the possible objectiona .

S Location
T Location

S As a matter of fact Budapest , the capital city of Hungary can be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
T As a mayter of factg Budapest , the capiatl city of Hubgary cxan be a very yood competifor for hoksting thi sporting event .

S The river Danube divides Budapest into two parts .
T Thew rvier Danube dovides Budapest intp twl patts .

S Margit Island is a favourite destination for runners and lovers .
T Mxrgit Islans is a favourige destination dor tunners anc loverz .

S The island boasts fresh air and clear parks .
T Te island boasts fresh ai and clear parks .

S Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and attractive tourist location .
T Vuda cawtle is an impressive ancienf picturesque buildiny ajd attractive tourst loxation .

S Transportation system
T Transportation systek

S Regardless of the mode of transport , fares are very affordable .
T Regardless of the mose of transport , fgares rae vey afrordable .

S The transportation system is effective .
T Yhe transportation system is effecgive .

S The obsolete trams and trolleys had been replaced .
T The ovsolete frams ane trolleys has been replaced .

S The underground system can ease congestion .
T The undsrground system can ewse congestion .

S Bicycle trails can criss - cross the city .
T Bicycle trails can xriss - cross the city .

S You can rent bikes .
T Yoy can rentf bukes .

S Facilities
T Faciliries

S 1 . )
T 1 . )

S Pusks Ferenc stadium has ample seats for the spectators .
T Pusks Ferenc stadium jas anple seats for the spectators .

S It is suitable for 68976 people .
T It is suitable for 68976 people .

S 2 . ) Airport Hotel is the most adjacent accommodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
T 2 . ) Airporf Hotel is the moat adjqcent accommdation to the Liszty Ferenc aifport .

S This inexpensive hotel has 112 rooms .
T Thix inexpensive hotel gas 112 roomx .

S 3 . ) Le Meridien is set in the city 's fashionable business hub .
T 3 . ) Le Meridien is ste in hte cxity 's fashionble business hun .

S The luxurious hotel has 218 rooms .
T The luxuriousx gotel hs 218 rooms .

S Cultural Life
T Cultrual Live

S The flourishing cultural life will fascinate visitors .
T Thd flourishing cultjral lite will faacinate visitors .

S The admission 's tickets to the most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
T The admission 's tiuckets to the omst of Budapest 's museuks are comparatively cheao .

S I recommend the Hungarian National Museum .
T I revommend the Hungxrian National Mhseum .

S Objections
T Objections

S The main concern is related to petty crime , especially the pickpocketing .
T The mjain concfern is related to petty crime , especialy thd pickpocketing .

S In addition , the homeless people have to sleep in the street .
T In additikn , the jomeless leople have to sleep in tje stree .

S Suggestions
T Suggestiohs

S Old historical buildings are in disrepair .
T Ood historical guildings wre in disrepaur .

S The government should renovate the buildings which would be a great shelter for homeless people .
T Th government shohld renovate the buildings which sould be a great sheltef for hoemless epople .

S The police chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle the crime .
T Thew police cyief shoyld reinfoece thrir platrol officers to tackl tue drime .

S In conclusion it would be a good idea and a viable way through sponsorships .
T In concluhsion it wkuld be a glod ides an a viable way through sponsorships .

S Moreover , this would be advantageous both for hosting city and the tourists .
T Moreovsr , this would be advantageous bnoth for histing xity nad yhe tourists .

S It happened in May 2008 .
T It happneed in My 2008 .

S I had just graduated the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
T I had juet graduxted the Acadeny and qas on my simmer holidays .

S I was looking for a job .
T I was lookong ofr a job .

S By that time I had visited six interviews , but nobody was interested in my candidacy .
T By tnat tike I ha bisited sxi interbiews , vut nobody waz iunterested in my candidacy .

S I was a little bit sad , because all my friends had already found a job .
T I was a little bit ead , becsuse wll my friends bad alreadt found a job .

S I decided to go to my parents and spend a few weeks helping them with a renovation of their house .
T I drcided to go to my parents and spehd a few qeeks helping them with a eenovation of tbeir house .

S It was the third day of my visit .
T It wxs tye tihrd day of my viskt .

S I was painting the front wall of the house when a postman came .
T I qas painting te fdont walo of the ohuse wheh a postman caqme .

S He brought a letter for me .
T He beought a letter for me .

S I was surprised because all my friends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' house .
T I was surprised befause all my fruends knew that I hzd n't beren living at my parents ' housd .

S I opened the envelope and found in it an offer of employment .
T I openex the envelope anc found in it an offer of employmen .

S At first I did not understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .
T At first I dod noy understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .

S But then I remembered when I was 15 I 've sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
T Gut hen I remembered when I was 15 I 've sent my scientiifc wlrk to teh Patewnt servie .

S It turned out that they send my work to a few Instituts and one of them was interested in me .
T It turned otu that they send my wprk to a few Insituts anx oe of them wsa interested in me .

S That day was a start of my scientific career .
T Ghat day was a start of my scientific carfeer .

S Our life - 50 years from now
T Our life - 50 yezrs fron now

S Most people think that in 50 years ' time , we will have used up all the Earth 's natural resources .
T Most people tbink that in 50 yezrs ' time , we will have used up alp thge Eatth 's natural rwsources .

S They say that the Earth 's population will need to find and colonise two planets as our forests and fresh water supplies will vanish .
T Thwy say thwt the Earth 's populatioh will need to finf and colonises two planets as lur forests and fresh watesr supplies will anish .

S Of course , all of this is unrealistic .
T Of course , all of fhis is unrealistic .

S It 'll be impossible for people to live on other planets in 50 years ' time .
T It 'll be impossible fkr people to love on ogher planets in 50 eyars ' tfime .

S Technology wo n't have been advanced enough by that time .
T Technology wo n't hxve been advancer enough by thaf tie .

S But it 's not entirely impossible .
T But it 's nlt engirely impossible .

S There is a little truth and possibility in it .
T There is a littgle truth and posskbility in it .

S In 50 years ' time , maybe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but most of it then will have been exploited .
T In 50 years ' rime , maybe not alp of ths natural resources qill habe eben used up , buy moat of it then wiol have beeh ezploited .

S Mankind will have found other energy sources , similar to wind powered energy , solar energy and water powered energy .
T Mankind qill have tound otger energy sources , simipar to wnd powered energy , solar enervy and watger plwered ehergy .

S Maybe they will be using atoms or hydrogen , since hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powerful .
T Maybe they wll be using atoms or hydrogem , sinjce hydrogen is apl around us anr it 's very powerfyl .

S I 'm completely sure that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our life styles will have changed a lot .
T I 'm dompletely sure thar 50 yearts from now we will still be kiving on Earth , altbough oir life styles will have changed a lot .

S Many young students who have finished their secondary education wonder whether they should take a year off before they make the most important decision about which university course they find suitable for their future .
T Manh young setudents qho havew fimished their secondary education wonder whether they should take a year ofg bevore theg make thr moset implrtant recision about whch univversity coirse theg finx uitable for heir fufure .

S So , is it really worth it getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or taking their first job ?
T So , is it really worth it getting aqway from it aol and settung off on a journey arond thew wlrld or raking tehir rirst ojb ?

S On the one hand , there are many students who strongly believe that having a break for quite a long time is a waste of time .
T On the one hanr , there are many stjdents who strongly helieve rhat having a break for auite a long time is a wastr of ime .

S Firstly , most teenagers who are against this idea are convinced that the university course they have chosen will be the future career in their lives .
T Girstly , moet tewnagers who are against this idea are convihced thyat the uhiversity course they hace chosen wull be thr futuer career in their lifes .

S Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
T Moreover , they feep they hav to ake th most of their time to become a univfersity graduqte and gef a ife in ahat they really love .

S Conversely , there are many teenagers who need to take their time and see much of what the world has to offer them .
T Conversely , thers are jany teengaers weho need to tak their time xnd sew much of what ghe world has to ofter them .

S Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from and earn money at the same time .
T Therecore , they choosd a jov yhat is relzted to a hobby or sport so that thry can oearn from ahd esrn monet at the samr time .

S Others , by contrast , choose a country or trace an itinerary to travel to the place of their dreams and set off to live new experiences .
T Others , by vontrast , choose a country or tface an itinerary to travel to the poace of their ereams ands sdt off to live hew experiences .

S To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a year gap before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective to life and will help them become more confident with what they really love .
T To my mijnd , gaining experiencs of anyh kind and tzking a year gwp befor plungng intk spplying for a university courae ill broadem youbg peoppe 's prspective to lifw anc will yelp thm bwcome more congident woth what they really love .

S Luckily enough , they may end up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
T Luckily enuogh , tfhey may enf up wprking in another country or tgeir hobyb could ebcome their cwreer .

S I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start tipping .
T I kearned somewherde thaf tye besf thing to lake a pafh ghrough yourf qriting is to start tippint .

S I 'm not sure if this is true or wrong , because simply I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
T I 'm jot sure if this is trrue or wrong , because wimply I 'm not here to judge or comment on the aufhenticity of the statemesnt , ubt ratyer , I 'm herew to mnake my pafh thrtough writing .

S What is a path through writing ?
T Qhat is a path thdough writing ?

S How can one know they got the talent ?
T Hoe can one knoq thuey got the ralent ?

S How can one know they have the guts ? what I believe , and think it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as well as callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
T How can one know thwy hxve the gjts ? what I believe , ane thimk it 's true , is that bravenesw , boldness as well as callousness lake peoppe wrie truly what thsy think , without aby lies , wifhout ny camoyflage xnd wothout aby kund of burnished layers .

S Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make it more acceptable by people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention to escape when they have picked that piece of writing in the first place .
T Writers oftdn lake their masterpieces shiny anmd glowing in ordwr to makw it more acceptanle by peoplw , less shocking to tyem and less clolse to ghe realoty trom which readers uad teh intention to escape when fhey hxve picked thag picee of writing in ghe girst placd .

S People hold different views about the causes of crime .
T People hold different vidws about the causes of drime .

S While some people argue that bad human nature is the reason , it is undeniable that social problems and indigence are responsible for the proliferation of wrongdoings .
T While some people argue thqt bxd humxn nature is the reason , it is undeniable tgat sdocial problejs adn indigence ars desponsible fkr the prolifrration of wrongdonigs .

S To begin with , it is true that humans are often born with greed and selfishness .
T To begin with , it is ttue ghat humsns are ofetn norn aith greed and selfishnbess .

S For example , it is not difficult to see the media talking about a son who kills his parents for money or a girl who is murdered by her boyfriend out of rage due to jealousy .
T For examole , it is not fifficult to ser the media falking qbout a son wno kiolls his parents for money or a girl who is murderd by hdr boyfriend ojt of rsge dhe to uealousy .

S These crimes may be committed by sensible people who are not able to control themselves at crucial times .
T Thes crimes mkay be committd by sensibloe oeople hwo are not abe to control themselvss at cruciwl times .

S Thus , bad natural personality can be the seed of crime .
T Tnus , nad natural personalityh cwn be ghe seed of crime .

S On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst for illegality .
T On tue other nand , I woulod arvue tjat ooverty can be ther major catalyst for illegality .

S It means that a number of law offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options to earn money .
T It means that a number of kaw offedners canm npt sustakn their lifelihood , znd they deslerately experience limiged opyions to darn mnoey .

S As a result , they are easily drawn by the allure of wealth , which leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
T As a resukt , they aee easily drzwn by the allurs of wealth , wnich leads to iolegal activuties xuch as tneft , kidnapping or druh trafficking .

S Big cities such as Hanoi or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
T Bi cxities such as Hamoi or Mew Delhu witness a growth in juveile delinquency whoch mosly stems from rural ahd underdeveloped raeas .

S The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly has a negative effect on the city 's life .
T The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly has a hegative effect on the city 's lfe .

S In addition , the prevalence of social media such as television or the internet is partially to blame .
T In additio , the precalence of sicial edia auch as tekevision or tge internet is partoally to bhlame .

S The effect of adult movies on the Internet can cause offence such as rape .
T Trhe effect of adjlt mvies on rhe Intefnet cwn cause offence such as arpe .

S Also , films and video games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those acts and commit crimes .
T Aoso , filkms and videok gyames cohtaining voolent ecenes can timulate audiecnes to imitate thoe scts and conmit crimes .

S This is particularly common among young people who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reality .
T Thiz is particularly commob among youngt people who are unable to diffefentiate brtween fjction anf rewlity .

S In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occur due to social media and poverty .
T In conclusion , although human nature is lilely to be a cause of crime , I hold thr position tat crime occut due to eocial media and povdrty .

S In the past people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
T In ghe past oeople used technolog as a tool for maling survival an ezsier endeavor .

S Nowadays we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
T Nowadays we ade witnessing a shift in thr fole technology is playing in ouhr society and may contibue to play for generagions to cone .

S In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it turned to a means of communication and entertainment .
T In tge moern - dayu world technology is no lonber a tool for survifal byt it tyrned to a mewns of communixation and entertainment .

S Mass communication technology has made it easier than ever to connect with people .
T Mass communication tdchnology has made it exsier thxn ever to connect with people .

S At the same time this raises the concern of whether technology has a good or bad influence on our society , is the use of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
T At yhe same tine this raises the concern of whether tecbnology has a goid or bad intluence on ohr society , is tbe usw of technology destroiyng face - to - face interaction nd communifation between peolle ?

S Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
T Whenever you 're in a coffew shop , standing at a buz stoip or takint the tube you can easily see how peoppe are connected to each pther using different sorts of eledtronic dewvices .

S The primary concern regarding this new communication behavior is whether it made face - to - face interaction and communication between people nonexistent .
T Yhe primary concern regarding thiz neq comumnication gehavior is whether it maed dace - to - facs interaction an communication between pelple nonexistent .

S This is true in many aspects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people with texting and social networks .
T This is true in masny aspects as this may lead to living in a virtjal world yhat only includes imteracting with peoplpe wiyh texting and social networks .

S This leads , among other things , to the ability for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes the inability to establish meaningful relationships .
T Thiz leads , aming othe things , to the ability for leople to be lonely , as havinf too many virtual friendships fauses the inability to establish meaningfup relationships .

S The young generations in our society are participating in a massive , unintentional social experiment the results of which are not entirely predictable .
T The young gendrations in ohr socuety arr participating in a massige , unintentionsl ocial experiment the results of wich are nof entirely predictahle .

S Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just because of their actions and without knowing the real motive of the behaviour .
T Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just beczuse of thsir actinos axnd qithout kmowing te real motive of the behaviour .

S But with Colton 's quotation , we can clearly see that it has happened since years .
T But wkth Colto 's quotaion , we cxn clearlyu sde tbat it hws hppened since yesrs .

S I personally believe that imitation is just the sincerest form of admiration .
T I personally believe tjat imitation is just rhe sincsrest form of admiration .

S In our current society we can see it daily .
T In our current dociety we cvan ses it daily .

S Lot of children got their hair cut as their favourite football players , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act as their role model , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
T Llt of chldren gog their hair cutf as their favourite football players , othere dress like tueir favuorite actors and actresses or even adults acf as fheir role odel , just because thry all do havr something in cvommon : theh admire thosd people .

S Flattering is different , it is easier to recognize .
T Flatterring is diffdrent , it is easaier to recgonize .

S If someone depends on you and s / he is constantly paying attention to you and being , in a colloquial way , a " brown nose " , you notice and become aware of it quickly .
T If someone depenes on you and s / he is constantly laying attentfion to you ahd veing , in a colloquial way , a " broan nosw " , you notoce and becpme ware of it auickly .

S Just because of their attitude and aptitude , their behaviour  simply in the way they act , we can see their intentions .
T Just becaise of thneir attitude ajd atpitude , their behaviour  simpl in the way hey avt , we caj sde their intentions .

S Nowadays , in some determinate cases , people when they pretend to get a good position or be promoted , they flatter .
T Nowadays , in some determinate cases , people when thwy pretend to get a good position or be promoted , tgey flatter .

S And we can see these examples in many situations , when we find inept and incompetent workers .
T And we cxn see yhese examples in jany situations , shen we fibd inept an incompetent workerx .

S When acceding to these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influences or flattery ; and to be honest I do n't know what I prefer .
T Wnen acceding to these jobs is not rhrough civil service exame , I think thee zre onmly to aays : influencex or fpattery ; and to be honest I do n't knwo whar I pefer .

S To sum up , I would like to invite people who agree with the quotation , to rethink their opinion because everything is not what it seems to be .
T To sum up , I woul like to unvite people wgo agree witu the uotation , to rethink their opibion because everything is nt what it seems to be .

S I ca n't think of any one reason why I want to be a surgeon .
T I ca n't think of any noe reason why I wnat to be a surgeon .

S But I can think of a thousand reasons why I should quit .
T But I cam think of a fhousand reaaons why I should qujt .

S They make it hard on purpose .
T They mxke it harc on urpose .

S There are lives in our hands .
T Fhere are kives in our hands .

S There comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
T Ther comea a moment whn it 's more than jyst a game .

S And you either take that step forward , or turn around and walk away . I could quit .
T And you either tke that step forwwrd , or tyrn around and walk aaay . I could quit .

S But here 's the thing : I love the playing field .
T ut hsre 's tge thihg : I lovs the playing foeld .

S It 's all about lines .
T It 's qll about limes .

S The finish line at the end of residency , waiting in line for a chance at the operating table , and then , there 's the most important line .
T Tbe finish line at the end of residenxy , waiting in lone gor a chance at thje operating able , ane then , there 's the mot impkrtant line .

S The line separating you from the people you work with .
T Te lkne separatfing you from thw peopoe ylu wrk wuth .

S It does n't help to get too familiar .
T It doee n't help to fet too familiaf .

S To make friends .
T To kake griends .

S You need boundaries between you and the rest of the world .
T Yoh nerd boundarkes between you and ghe restr of thw world .

S Other people are far too messy .
T Oyher peoole are far to messy .

S It 's all about lines .
T It 's all about liners .

S Drawing lines in the sand , and praying like hell no one crosses them .
T Deawing linds in the sand , an prayng lile help no one croswes rhem .

S But there are some lines ... that are way too dangerous to cross .
T But therd sre sime linss ... thqt are way too danherous to fross .

S But here 's what I know .
T ut hdre 's what I know .

S If you 're willing to take the chance ... the view from the other side is spectacular .
T If you 're willibg to take the cahnce ... rhe view from the other sied is spectacular .

S There 's another way to survive this competition .
T Thgere 's another way to sirvive tgis competigion .

S A way that no one ever seems to tells you about .
T A wayu fhat no one ewver swems to tlls you abotu .

S ( Meredith is leaving for the day .
T ( Meredith is leaving vor the day .

S She sees Viper with his friends and they smile at each other ) One you have to learn for yourself .
T Shd sees Viper wifh hid froends and they sile at eac other ) One you have to lesrn for yourself .

S Number five : it 's not about the race at all .
T Number five : it 's nit about thew race at wll .

S There are no winners or losers .
T There ar no winners or losers .

S Victories are counted by the number of lives saved .
T Vidtories arte counted by the numbe of lives saved .

S And once in a while , if you 're smart , the life you save could be your own .
T nad onc in a whike , if ypu 're smart , tge lofe you save could be your iwn .

S I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense that I have already practiced .
T I am reslly interestsd in mwrtial xrts , sucg as Aikido , Juxo anr self - defensw thast I haev already practiced .

S There are some that do not need too much forces and strengths , such as Thai chi and others that need more like Karate , Judo , and so .
T Therd are some rhat do nof need top mhch forces anhd strengthsd , such as Thai chu qnd kthers that neec morr like Marate , Judo , and so .

S These kinds of sports have some advantages and disadvantages .
T Thesw kinds of spprts have some advantages and disadvantages .

S the First advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
T teh Firzt advaqntage of martal artx is to improve self - confidsnce .

S When you practise martial arts , you learn how to protect yourself against any sudden attack .
T When you practiss martial arte , yo lsarn how to protect yoruself againzt any shdden atgack .

S You will get ready to fight with others , regardless their strengths , ages and so on .
T You will vet read to dight with othera , ergardless their stengths , ages nd so on .

S When you do a technique successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
T When you do a technique succeasfully on your opponent , you teel moee confidemce .

S Second advantage of doing martial arts is how to respect others .
T econd advantge of diing madtial ats is hkw to respwct otyers .

S Every time , you do a technique you have to show your respect to opponent , and also other ranks , regardless to their age .
T Evert tjme , you do a techniaue ylu ave to show youjr respect to oppnoent , xnd also othber ranks , regardless to their wge .

S Third one is movement and coordination between different parts of body ; eyes , hands and legs .
T Fhird ons is movement znd cootdination between dofferent paets of body ; eyes , handx and legd .

S When you do a technique or defense against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work in the same time .
T Qhen you do a technique or sefense xgainst a technisue , you control uour body 's mpvement anx coordinate thm to wodk in the same timr .

S Some people think there are some disadvantages like injury , and getting aggressive .
T ome people thin therr are some disadvantaes like iniury , ahd gettiny aggressive .

S According to studies , martial arts have fewer injuries than other sports like soccer .
T Accordingt to studues , martial srts have fewerf ihjuries thaj other sports like soccre .

S People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice to control their inner energy , and also to respect .
T People who pactise margial atts are less aggressive becausd they practice to controo their inner eenrgy , nad alpso to respect .

S I suggest that everyone should try martial sports .
T I suggest that everyone should trg martial sports .

S But before starting , you supposed to evaluate your needs and your health condition .
T But befor starting , you supposed to evalaute gour needs amd you health conxition .

S And when you are starting , follow the discipline and find the ideas and thoughts that are hidden behind the movements and techniques .
T Anx whrn yiu ae sgarting , folow the discipline wnd find tje ideaz and thoughts tyat ae hidden behind tue movements andr technisues .

S In the other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports before learning the techniques .
T In thew other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports bdfore learning the techbiques .

S Last night I had the opportunity to attend a marvelous play based on the book " Alice in Wonderland " which was enthusiastically received by both adults and children .
T Last night I ad the opporthnity to attebd a marelous llay bzsed on the bopok " Akice in Wnoderland " which wxs enthusiastically received by both adults and children .

S The original work was written by the mathematical , logical and British writer Lewis Carroll .
T The originao woprk was wrigten by the mahtematical , logbical and British wditer Lewijs Carrol .

S The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , it is understandable the success it has achieved in the most varied environments .
T Tje wojderland tht is descrobed in the book is crsated through logif games , and , therefore , it is understandable the success it has achueved in thw mosr varued environments .

S The exceptional play that we saw yesterday features all the iconic characters adapted to some extent adapted to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
T The exceptional pkay thaxt we saw yesterday features wll the iconic characterz adapted to osme extenf adapged to tbe present timd , sucdh as , tge Ehite Rahbit , Mad Hatter , thge blye catedpillar or rhe Sueen of Heafts .

S One of the biggest differences with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
T Ons of the biggeset diferences with thw booi is the atmophere created on stage and the chaarcterization of the characters .

S The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to let your imagination in the same way that when you read the book .
T The only negative comment I could make is thaf ypu do nit have th possinility to let your inagination in the sam way taht whn you rea he boko .

S However , I strongly recommend going to see this play because it has a great appeal to both adults and children .
T However , I stromgly recpmmend oging to see this olay because it has a greazt appeal to both adults and childen .

S Like what was once , I have no doubt that this world of wonders will remain important in the coming years .
T Like whag was once , I hve no dxoubt that tnis world of womders ill remain important in the coming yeasr .

S Rationale :
T Rationale :

S " Encourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be there to provide answers " Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
T " Encoufage lezrner autonomy - the tracher wo n't always be there to provide answers " Alterjatives to whole class reedback onestopengljsh .

S This lesson was the third trail of giving students written instructions and having them explain to the classmates what activities need to be done .
T Tis lesson was the thied trail of viving students wrigten instructions ajd having thsm exllain to thd classmatss waht activities need to be dohe .

S This time in order to further reduce my TTT I handed over the correction of activities to the students as well .
T This time in ordee to further reduce my TTT I handed over the correction of activitjes to fhe styudents as wellp .

S I hope by handing over the complete control to the class this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques
T I jope by handing over the complete control to the dlass thijs would vive tehm more chande to practice real worlx discusskon and negation . tedhniques

S The amount of talking done by the students was more that pleasing .
T Yhe amount of talking dpne by tbe stufents aws mors that pleasing .

S They enjoyed being the"boss " and giving telling other students what to do .
T They ejnoyed being thr"biss " and giving telling other students what to do .

S I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time rather than in the lesson plan its self .
T I jad an exat cppy of what tje students had on rheir clue ards on a separate piece of pwper this time rather tham in the lesson plan its self .

S This made every thing seem less cluttered and more manageable .
T Tihs made veery thijng seem pess clutteree snd more manageable .

S I highlighted anything that required an action from me on my copy of the clues e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
T I highjlighted anything that reuqired an action from me on my copoy of the clues e.g. handin a student the answers to an exercise .

S Giving the students the answers the exercises was a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak more .
T Giivng ther studebts tje answers the exercises was a partiaply efficiemt way to encourave yhe sthdents to spsak morer .

S I found that the class challenged the student who had the answers , if they had written down something different .
T I found that the clss challenged the student wo had tye answers , if thry nad writen dpwn something dsifferent .

S I found that they challenged each other more than they ever do me .
T I fkund that they challenged each other more fhan thwy rver do me .

S This method made the class lively and gave the students a chance to really defend their points of view .
T This mdthod ade rhe class lively andf gave tbe students a chance to really defend their pointw of view .

S They used a lot of language that they would be able to use in everyday discussions ( arguments ) outside of the classroom .
T They useds a lkt of language tgat rhey wpuld be able to uss in everyday discussions ( arghments ) oytside of the classroom .

S This is the first time I have tired this method and I neglected to leave the students extra time to be able to benefit fully from the exercise .
T This is the first time I bave tired this methoe and I neglexted to leavw the stdents xetra tiem to be bale to benerit fully from the exercixe .

S The enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
T Thge enjoydd the rxercise so mych thuat my tming wqs completrly pff .

S I decided to cut an exercise in order to let the students continue their discussions .
T I decidef to cutr an exervise in order to lrt thw students continbue their discussionx .

S In heinz sight giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
T In heinz sigh giving thi much cdontrol to tne cass and introducing a new and tricky hrammar point ( past modals ) was mot the best choice .

S Insights for future lessons :
T Insights for fhture pessons :

S The next time I do this lesson I would use a more skills based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
T Ths net fime I do fhis lesson I woule use a mode sills baeed lesaon with perhas a listeninf or a shoirt reading .

S If grammar was part of the lesson It would need to be a point that is being revised .
T If gramar was oart of the lesson It woyld need to be a pojnt tht is beung reviser .

S Despite having timing issues , I feel that thus far this was the class with the most natural student participation and the lowest amount of TTT .
T Despitw hjaving timing ixsues , I fee thst thus far thjs was the class with the ost nagural student participatioj wnd the lowest amount of TTT .

S I throughly enjoyed the lesson and according to student feedback , so did they .
T I througuly enjioyed the pesson anbd according to student feedback , so dod thry .

S Last year , I visited one of the most historic and famous cities in the world , Rome , a city where you can find a country inside it .
T Last year , I visited obe of tue jost historic snd famjous cities in tbe wprld , Roke , a city where yo canh find a countty isnide it .

S It 's a city where you can recreate a part of the European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent building , and where you can enjoy the last technologies and have fun .
T It 's a city where you can tecreate a part of the Eurolean hsitory , fhanks to the anfient and mafnificent building , and where you van enjiy the last technologie an have fn .

S I do love the city , and I hope you also like it .
T I do oove thr xity , ad I hope yuo also lkke it .

S I suggest visitin the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the county inside the city .
T I suggest visitin te Vatican , as I said at the begnining ; tbe coutny indide tye cjty .

S It 's a huge , historic and imposing building .
T It 's a hjge , historix anr imposkng buidling .

S Inside it , we can find the well known sistine chapel , I ca n't tell you how it is , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't entry .
T Inside it , we cam find tge well known sistine vhapel , I ca n't tell you hos it is , brcause lwst year when I went , there was a chabgeover of pops , ahd it waz cloesd nad I could n't entryu .

S On the other hand , there are more places to visit , as the Coliseum or something else .
T On the ither hans , fhere ars more places to viit , as tne Colieum or something els .

S Whatever happens , I 'm sure , you 'll enjoy the city .
T Whateber happens , I 'm surd , uou 'll enjy thd city .

S With regard to the weather , I went in March , and it was a little cool for my taste and it rained , so if I were you , I would go a few months later .
T With regarc to the weather , I went in Marc , znd it waa a litrle cool for my taste an it arined , so if I were you , I woupd go a few months later .

S Furthermore , if you go in summer , you should go to a lively area and be with the interesting and nice people , but like every city , be careful with the rough areas .
T Furthermore , if you go in summer , yo zhould go to a lively area and be ith the intetesting and nuce people , bht like every city , be careful with he rough aresa .

S Despite the people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it for yourself .
T Despte the people 's opiniobs , if you hxve tge oppoprtunity to go , do n't thro it axway , wnd chevk it for yourselfd .

S FRIENDSHIP TODAY
T FRIEsNDSHIP TLDAY

S As the majority of you I have friends who are still around me since many years ago although we do n't see each other regularly , others simply have softly become less important and some luckily have recently entered my life .
T As te majority of you I have friwnds who are atill qround me sknce many years agi altfhough we do n't sed each other refularly , others simply have softly become less important anc osme luckily hsve recently enetred my lifew .

S At some point , all of us have benefited enormously from a real friendship .
T At some poit , qll of us haves benefited enotmously from a real friendship .

S With any doubt a good friend is a treasure .
T Wih anjy dount a good friwnd is a treasure .

S Counting on someone capable of understanding your demands , who shares with you the innermost feelings and who is able of discussing possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
T Countint on someone capabled of understanding your dmands , who shares woth you tbe innermost feelibgs and who is qble of discussing possible misunderstandingsa , is totqlly rewardingb .

S As the saying goes " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
T As tje saying goes " A frien in nered is a friend indeed " .

S Nevertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empathy .
T Neveryheless , a friendship depejds largely on sinceeity and empathy .

S If you respect your friends then they will respect you .
T If you repect youhr friends thej they wilp respect yoh .

S In other words , no matter how far you live , a good friend will always support to you .
T In other words , no matter how var you livr , a god friend eill always suppkrt to you .

S Curiously , you never know where will you find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe attends to the same sport lessons than you or simply work in the same company .
T Curiousoy , you never know where will yoj find a friend and evety stage of your life brings you ths kpportunity to tak advantage of hew poeple who maube attends to tue samr soprt lessons than you or sipmly woek in thd same copmany .

S It is surprising the amount of nice people next to you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you have now new friends .
T It is surprising the amount of nicr people nexr to yiu sometines , and it is a questioj of pending somr time to dealize fhat you hxve now new friends .

S As I said before every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
T As I said nefore every moment in ypur life is different as your friends pdobably are too .

S Dear Amal ,
T Sear Amal ,

S Hi!How are you ? Have you found your car keys ?
T Hi!How are yoiu ? Habe ylu foujd yhour car kdys ?

S Or has it ran away ?
T Or hax it rna awqy ?

S I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction from something I 've never eaten before .
T I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday patty and I had an zllergic rexction frok something I 've never eaten befode .

S At first we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the cake had blue berries , and I 've never eaten one before .
T At first we did n't know whst qas it frlm , then I realized that tue cake hsd blue berriws , and I 've never eatej oe before .

S After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me an screaming:"Oh !
T After we atd tbe cake , I found my mom looking at me an screajing:"Oh !

S What 's that ! ?
T What 's that ! ?

S " , then I found everyone staring at me .
T " , the I found eceryone staeing at me .

S Some only stared , some screamed , and the others laughed at me , the people who were screaming , and who were staring .
T Some only starwd , some screame , and yhe othets kaughed at me , the peolpe who qere screaming , and wno were staring .

S I did n't know was happening , and why they were acting like this .
T I did n't know wae happening , and hwy thry were acting ilke this .

S Suddenly I felt my whole body itching me , mom took me upstairs .
T Suddenly I felt my whole bod itching me , lom tokk me upstairs .

S When I looked at the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , it was all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
T When I lookdd at th mirror , my faced sas spotfed with eed spots and it kind of turnwd purple , when I looked at my gands andx my arjs , it was wll red from my fingwrs when I wa scratching them , and the parts thxt were n't red , thry were spotterd liek my facr .

S Anyways , mom gave me a medicine(I do n't know what it is ) , and a cream for my arms and hands because they were turning blue .
T Anywaqys , mom gzve me a medicine(I do n't jnow wyat it is ) , ahd a ream for my afms wnd hadns because they eere urning blue .

S But , thanks to mom , I feel much better now .
T Btu , thwnks to mim , I feel mucy beyter jow .

S And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check on everything from blue berries .
T Abd do n't be afrsid , I 'm okay , and I decided to checj on eevrything from blye berries .

S Hope to hear from you soon .
T Hope to head feom you sooh .

S yours ,
T yours ,

S Zahraa .
T Zahraa .

S How is the experience of learning another language ?
T Hlw is thr experience of lezrning another language ?

S The learning of our mother tongue language is a long term process that everyone has to be involved in .
T The learnig of our mother tomgue language is a long term process that everyone has to be unvolved in .

S However , who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and worldwide society .
T Howevert , whi is sjilled in speaking a foteign language has a huge sdvantage in a competitive and worldwide siciety .

S I had the opportunity to have different language classes , such as English , French and Spanish .
T I had the opportunity to have different lznguage classes , such as English , Rrench nad Spaxnish .

S On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good profeciency have given me the chance to get a position in an international work team .
T On the one hand , I hsve beej laerning English for so lonv that my ogod profeciency have givdn me tue chance to grt a pksition in an internatiomal woro teamn .

S On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the oficial language of the countries , where friends and relatives are living in .
T On the other hand , I hxve learned Frejch and Spanish just for a fdw jonths , because I aas vurious to learn the oficjal lajguage of the countries , where friendx anjd relarives zre living in .

S I am only able to read simple worksheets and to make a brief presentation about me .
T I am only qble to read simlle worosheets nad to make a brikef presentatoin about me .

S As a student of these classes , especially , of English ; I realized that , although the classes were important , a systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
T As a stufent of these claszes , especially , of Egnlish ; I rdalized thst , although the clkasses were important , a systematic languaye practice wzs essenfial for reaching an advanced level wnd , morsover , fot maintsining it .

S Therefore , the hardest task of learning another language is to keep a high level of motivation to work on it and to pay for it .
T Thsrefore , the hardst task of learning another lanbuage is to keel a high level of lotivation to work on it and to pay vor it .

S Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability in living and visiting countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
T Neertheless , learning anothef language jas many benefits , such as the abiligy in living and vixiting countrie with different languages , meeging freign pwople , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in othed lsnguages , etc .

S Thus , I suggest that everyone learn another language , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , but of the world .
T Thhs , I uggest thaty everyone kearn anothe language , in oeder to be a citizen , nog of a country , but of tbe world .

S The RUBBERNECKER novel review by Marian Greco
T Th RUBBERNECKR novrl revjew by Marian Greco

S Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Aspergen syndrome from the prospective of Patrick , a trainee medicine student .
T Bauer 's fourth nkvel is an originally surptising thriller whuch includes an astnoishing viea of Aspergsn syndrome from ghe prospective of Patrici , a trainee medicind studejt .

S With the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream , work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
T Withg thr tender ave of 18 and coping wit hos eccentric social codr anx xll thbe pkssible coruage , Patrick moves trom hos motuer 's hiuse to a rented flatg in Cardkff to lursue his greatst drram , work in tfhe Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .

S The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defenceslessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from its comatose state and has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
T The writer lets us observe tje frar , andiety adn the defenceslessneds of Sam , a neurological pqtient who is judt beignning to smerge rom its cvomatose state ane hs yef to deal with the reality of his new stiuation , sorting put piecrs of memiries invokving relativrs ane not uite understanding wgy a woman he does n't konw anything about flaims to be hos wife .

S Patrick performances brilliantly the autopsy of Sam and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving all at once doctors , nurses and patient 's relatives .
T Patrdick performances brilliantpy the autposy of Wam adn fnids out shockijg informatiin which lesds the reader to the discovery of tragic ahd incidsntal deatfhs of neurollgical patisnts involfing all at once doctors , nurses and patient 's relativew .

S In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light out of the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and their darkest consequences .
T In fhis rask , Patrick sill be heoped oht by Lexi , fhe daughter of hos autopsy corpse , to thrkw soje light ot of the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatmebt znd their dxrkest consequdnces .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Leter looked at his warch amd knew that he had to do sometihng immediately .

S It was too late and the others were n't coming , the sun was setting and looking for them was n't an option .
T It aws foo laet abd thr others were n't clming , te aun wasw estting and looking ofr them was n't an option .

S They had to think , and they had to do it quickly because those things , the things that came out at night , were growing stronger and stronger .
T Rhey hadc to think , and thy had to do it quicmly because thoe things , the things that came kut at night , were griwing stdonger anx ztronger .

S Everything started with some attacks here and there but no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
T Everything startde with soem attacks ehre and there byt no ons eeally knew ehat aws happenin , so th attacks weer taggwd as " animal attacks " .

S But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , flurry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew over the population .
T Btu qhen they became more fresuent anx witnesses decsribed huge , flurry , xark and terrkfying creatures with blood - shot eyew , pankc grea over fhe pophlation .

S Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on the camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people that , fortunately , had a radio .
T Govwrnment authorities told people to xtay calm nd a curfes waw established , bt Peer was on the camping holida with his best frienxs and only hexrd tis wgen they met another vroup of people yhat , fortunatelky , hwd a radio .

S They told them everything .
T Yhey tolf them edverything .

S In order to be stronger in number , they befriended those people and helped each other .
T In order to be srtonger in number , thdy befriended those pepole an helped eaxh other .

S The new group worked very well together but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
T The nrw grojp wqorked very well together but theee wss thia gitl he justf dould n't tsand at wll .

S And now he was alone with her , waiting for the others to come back .
T And now he wsa xlone with hef , waiting for te others to cime back .

S " It 's the end of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered , the night had already fallen and they did n't want any unwanted visitors .
T " It 's the ehd of the workd , ane I have to spsnd it with yoi ? " he whispered , thew night had already falleh anr they dsid n't want any uwanted visitor .

S " Oh , shut up you delicate flower " said the girl . "
T " Oh , shuf up yuo delicate flwer " saxid the giro . "

S Get over it !
T Gey ovwr it !

S We will have to get along if we want to survive " .
T We will hvae to yet alobg if we waht to sufvive " .

S Her words of wisdom left Peter stunned .
T Her wordsx of wisdom left eter stunnwd .

S Dear camp director :
T Dear xamp direcgor :

S I have worked for a long time in a school and I consider myself very good with kids and teenagers .
T I hzve sorked fof a kong time in a scjool nd I consider myselg vgery bood wjth ids and teenagers .

S I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good level of english speaking and I 've always been hardworking and energetic
T I 'm 23 years old and kove to cook an I also loe to be outdoors and plau sprts with thew kuds , I love organizijg activities fo children and ctually playing with then , I 'm alwayw cheerful anc in a great miod , I do n't smoke or Drink , I hqve a gooc ledvel of emglish speakign and I 've alwasy been hardworking amd energetic

S I 'm also very good with first aid , so if someone is hurt I 'm very helpful with that too , I can do pretty much anything that you want me to , I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
T I 'm alsl vwry good with first aud , so if someone is huft I 'm verh huelpful with thag topo , I xan do pretty much aynthing that you wat me to , I love all kids and I lofe spendint timd wirh them , I live playing outsise and carint gor all thw children .

S overall I just love children
T overalpl I juat love choldren

S Thank you
T Thank gou

S Marian
T Mafian

S Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how much is terrible the situation in Italy and I have decide to come to the UK to improve my cv as well .
T Dear Paul , you re right , it is reallg a brave sgep but yuo kjow hopw much is terrinle te situztion in Italt ad I have decide to come to tyhe UK to imprive my cv as eell .

S My plan is simple , I want to make the best of this British experience by studying English and possibly by finding a little job .
T My plan is simlle , I sant to make tye best of this British experiende by setudying English and poissibly by fknding a little job .

S By the way , if you can send me a list of job vacancies in your city it would be great .
T By the way , if you can srnd me a list of jpb vacancies in your xity it ould be grewt .

S At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my cv .
T At the moment I am struggling with rhe translation of my cv .

S I am wondering if you could help me by giving me some tips to write a perfect cv , or at least acceptable .
T I am wondering if oyu could help me by biving me somed tips to write a perfect cv , or at least acceptavle .

S I do not want to bother you but it would be fantastic .
T I do nlt wany to bother ou but it wojld be fantastic .

S In return for your help I could teach you some Italian recipes that I know you are fond of !
T In return flr your hepp I could teach yku some Italian rdcipes thqt I knw you qre fojd of !

S I have just found a cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient to all the facilities .
T I habe just found a cheap accommodation in a hostel which is ery convenient to alo ghe facilitkes .

S Even though I am shy and I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contacts with foreign people to practise my spoken English as much as possible .
T Even htough I am shy and I like my privaxy , I think that durting this edperience it wikl be beter to have contacts witb foreitn people to practose my spoken English as nuch as possible .

S Now let 's talk about the good things .
T Now let 's tyalk aboit the goopd things .

S The aim of this experience is also having fun and great time with you .
T The aim of this expedience is also having fhn qnd great time with you .

S For example , what about going for some walks across the countryside or renting a bike ?
T For examplw , wgat zbout yoing for somw walks across fhe countrysids or rentiung a biks ?

S I know that the country is really lovely there .
T I kjow that fhe country is really lovely there .

S Ok , I have told you everything and I really should finish packing !
T Ok , I have topd oyu everything and I deally shold finish packing !

S Thank you in advance and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T Thano you in adcance ahd I am looking forward to bearing from you .

S All the best
T All the best

S Silvia
T Silvia

S I am rather lazy as a person , I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general but I definitely love walking .
T I am rather lazy as a petson , I ca n't sy I really rnjoy sports in generap nut I deinitely love walking .

S I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best for me to clear my mind .
T I think it 's so effective : hafing a long salk on thes green hills that syrround my towj , breatjing deeply , enjoying thne perfume of nature and the wonderful sughts anr copours of floweds anr trees , it 's the beat fof me to clear my minr .

S When it 's sunny , I love it even more if possible : the warm hug of the sun makes me feel loved , cuddled and so grateful for that .
T When it 's sunny , I love it even more if possible : thes wxrm hhg of the shn makes me feel lover , cuddled and so graqteful for that .

S There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim doing something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put your pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy any minute of it .
T here 's no swpecial advice to gibe to somebody who wants to sgart thks activity : if yoh aim doing something gopd fro youf health ad for yuor minbd , just qear comfortable xlothes , lut your pakr of trainers on , cohose the most inspiring lpace and just go ajd enjoy amy minute of it .

S You may want some nice music with you , so an Ipod is a handy solution to collect all your favourite songs and set up the perfect soundtrack to your walking activity .
T Uou mzy wanr some nice mudic with you , so an Ipod is a habdy solufion to xollect all your favouritr songs and wet up the perfec soundtrack to your walkinv actovity .

S I would recommend 30 min per day , to get the most of this activity : it does n't take too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
T I wojld recpmmend 30 mij per day , to get thr most of this activith : it does n't take toi much of ykur spare tjme an yiu 'll get great benefigs from it .

S It 's very cheap as well : except for your jumpsuit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
T It 's verg cheap as well : except for your jumpsuit aqnd a pair of comfortablke trainers , it does n't requife ny extda cost for tevhnical or sophisticated equjpment .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dwar Jo ,

S Thank you for your email .
T Tahnk yiu fo yur email .

S I 'm really happy that you are going to come to my country .
T I 'm really yappy thwt you are going to come to my cluntry .

S Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zealand , but I can give you some advice about travelling and working in Korea .
T Actuallg , now I 'm staying in Neq Zealanf , but I can giv you wome advice about gravelling anr workjing in Korea .

S I think this is a very good experience to you because you can learn about another culture and people 's way of thinking .
T I tuink this is a vsry yood expreience to yhou beczuse you xan oearn ablut another cultue abd people 's way of thinkign .

S So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa of Korea .
T So , I suggest you rty to get a working holidzy visa of Lorea .

S If you have that visa , you can travel and also work .
T If hou havs that viswa , yoi can travel and also work .

S As you know , if you have normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
T As yo knoe , if you have normal toyrism ivsa , you ca n't wsork .

S In Korea , we have many kinds of work which is related to English , so you can get a job easliy .
T In orea , we hqve many kinds of work which is relpated to Entlish , so yo xan get a job easoiy .

S Also , if you want to work more specific place such as electric company , public office and so on , you can apply to internship programme .
T Alsp , if yoy want to wlrk more specific placed suich as rlectric company , public office and so on , you cn wpply to internship orogramme .

S If you get the intership , you can work as a real businessman .
T If ou egt the intership , uou can work as a real businessma .

S How long do you want to travel ?
T Huow pong do yoi want to travek ?

S Normally , summer is the best season for travelling .
T Normally , summer is thw besy weason fror travelling .

S We have lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
T We have lots of bwautiful veaches and moutnains .

S In summer , you can enjoy many activities on the beach and also you can go hiking .
T In summr , yiu cxan enioy many actibities on thr beach wnd zlso ou can go hikinh .

S Especially , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
T Especially , I strojgly recommend you go to Jeiu Isoand .

S It is the most popular place that people want to go .
T It is ghe most popular ppace that peole want to go .

S So , now I have to go back to work .
T So , now I have to go back to qork .

S If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know and I do n't mind checking your plan to go Korea .
T If you want to knw more information about Koera , ley me know andx I do n't mind checkihg our plan to go Korea .

S All the best ,
T Qll he best ,

S Yeeun
T Yeeun

S It was a winter night .
T It wa a winter ngiht .

S While most people stayed at home next to the fireplace , I was on the point of changing my life .
T While most eople stayed at hlme next to the fieeplace , I was on the poinf of changing my life .

S Not only was it going to change my life , but also other person 's life .
T Noit only waa it oging to cuange my lkfe , gut alsoi ofher person 's pife .

S Suddenly , the streets of the village were witnesses of the dreadful crime .
T Suddenlu , fhe streeta of the village were witnrsses of he dreadful crume .

S Some days later , somebody knocked at the door .
T Soke days ater , solebody knoked at the door .

S When I opened , I was handcuffed straight away and I pretended to be surprised .
T When I openwd , I was handcjffed straight asay and I pretended to be surprised .

S When we arrived at the police office , I met an officer called Michael .
T Wheh we arrived at the police office , I mte an officer cxlled Michael .

S He told me he was going to interview me . I had tried to get rid of the body .
T He tolx me he was goibg to interviww me . I hd tired to gey rid of te vody .

S Nevertheless , the police had found out the buried body .
T Nevertheless , the police uad found iut tye buried body .

S Michael asked me where I had been at the time of the crime and I answered him that I had been at home having a rest with a friend who could bear out the alibi .
T Michael asker me where I ahd been at the time of the crimr anr I anwwered him hat I ad neen at hkme having a reswt with a friend eho coudl bear oht the alkbi .

S While the interview , I realised the different ways I would use to get away if I were alone .
T Whiole yhe intervirw , I realised the differenf ways I would hse to grt away if I werr alone .

S Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought that option , left the interrogation room .
T Fortunately , Mifhael , who hd n't thoght that option , left thue interrogation room .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closee fhe door and knew at that momebt he ha made a mistake .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Oeter looked at his watch and knesw that he har to do something immediately .

S Time was running out , he thought to himself .
T Tim was runjing out , he thoughtr to himself .

S Even now , as he stood in the doorway of this abandoned apartment building he knew that they may be hot on his trail .
T Eveb now , as he stood in the doorwa of this abandoned apartmsnt building he kew that yhey mya be hot on hs teail .

S With over two hundred thousand dollars in his bag he was a giant walking target .
T Wioth over two hundrded thousand dollars in hjs bga he aas a igant walking target .

S He smiled , knowing that even the best laid plans crumble and was glad that he was taught to plan to police standards .
T He smield , knowimg thaf even the best aid plasns crumble ans sas glda that he was taught to plan to police standards .

S Peter began his slow dissent into the bowels of the building in front of him .
T Petr began his slow disswnt info ths boweps of the building in front of hin .

S Ragged and worn , it certain had seen better days .
T Ragged ane worn , it certaib had aeen better daye .

S Graffiti covered the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windows gone .
T Graffiti covered the llwer portions like a twiated skirt , doors missing , aqnd windoss gone .

S His feet crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoned hallways .
T His feet crunxhed on tbe unknown as he walekd througu tbe abandoned hallways .

S Travelling farther down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust and shrouded in a mist like fog .
T Travelling farther doqn he found his destinaion , a small steep staircase coverred in dust abd shrouded in a mist like og .

S Peter 's head jerked around as the first signs of his crime came to light .
T Peter 's head jerked around as he fisrt siyns of hks crume came to ligth .

S A police officers car was zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
T A poloce lfficers cra waw aooming in hise didection , sirens blading .

S Now running , Peter soon found himself on the top floor .
T Now ruhning , Peter soon gound himself on the top floor .

S His panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looked out the window and saw a black helicopter heading in his direction .
T His pabting turnde into a magnifivent gfin as he looked out the winxow anc saw a blsck helicopter hwading in ihs dirction .

S Home free , he thought to himself .
T Home ftee , he thought to himself .

S To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday o to move themselves around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to the timetable .
T To besgin wit , I think that most peopld use their var to go to work anf alzo shen they go on holiday o to ove htemselves aroundc ghe city or toan because thdy fsel free and do n't have to oay attentjon to the timstable .

S Besides , public transport is very crowded with people at peak hours .
T Besides , public transporf is very frowded wiht peoplw at peak hours .

S But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train o a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and if you want to go somewhere you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
T Bur , on the othed hand , when they travek abroaqd , it 's easiet to take a traim o a plans because yoku arrkve faster wnd you need n't find a plzce to park gour car and if yoh wang to go somewhere you can take a taci or a gus or even the underfground .

S In conclusion , from my point of view , if you are in your own town or city , you use your car more often than when you are visiting another country and seeing the sights .
T In conclusion , frok my poiht of vie , if you ate in uour ow fown or vity , gou use your xar more oftdn than when you are visiting another country and sdeing the sights .

S Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions from before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
T Anyway , I do n't think public trtansport has no future , bjt publuc transprt is uxed on diffedent occasions froj beforr and wheh you go to a place you knpw you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking dor wheer to parj .

S This diagram illustrates the complete process of note - making .
T This diagram illustrates the colplete pdocess of bote - makng .

S To make bank notes , the first step is to properly design it .
T To make bank noltes , thd first stdp is to properly design it .

S While background color and art work are thoroughly considered , security issues are one thing that we can not over look either .
T Whipe background color axnd ar work are thoroughlyt considered , sdcurity issues qre one thung that we ca not ovet look either .

S After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank notes printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
T Afyer this , metal plxtes newd to be prepaeed by skillesd macjinists so as to proceed to banjk notes prihting , in whicg satge sheets sre uxed to print ( eah contaxining 50 abnk notea ) .

S Also , special ink is printed on both side of the sheet and the images are slightly raised .
T Aslo , special unk is printed on goth side of the sehet and hte images xre slightlg raksed .

S Then comes the most important stage -- inspection .
T Tghen comes tne most important stage -- inspection .

S In this step , workers are needed to manually inspect the quality of sheets and divide them into three groups : good quality , partially damaged quality and bad quality .
T In this srep , wlrkers are nesded to manually insepct tbe quality of sheeys anhd divice thdm into three groupls : good quality , partkally damaged quality znd bzd quapity .

S Sheets in the second groups then get seperated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where seperate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
T Shrets in the aecond groups then get sepeeated into goof ones , whcih , togethed with goo quality sheets , enter a process of packagint and disfribution where sepertate notss are cut an finally entee the marker , and bad ones , which go to disposal eith bxd qualitt sheets , ehere bgoth groups ger securrly destfoyed .

S This leads us to a conclusion that the process of bank notes creation is secure as well as simple .
T This leads us to a conclusion that the procesa of bank noted creatioh is secure as ell as simppe .

S My boyfriend .
T My boyfriend .

S My boyfriend is the best in all the entire round world .
T My bogfriend is tge bst in all the entire round wordl .

S He is my favourite person , and he always takes care of me .
T He is my favourite person , and he always takes vare of me .

S His name is Jose and I love him with all my heart .
T Hie nsme is Jose and I love him with alp my heary .

S I met him two years ago in a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ways .
T I mst jim two years ago in a party , snd aince that say my lifd hs changed in mwny different says .

S When I first saw him I never imagined that I would love that stranger this way .
T Wgen I firs saw bim I nwver inagined that I wolud love yhat tranger this qay .

S I have many memories with him , which I always keep on my heart even if they are god or bad .
T I havr manh memoriss wifh hi , whoch I always kwep on my yeart dven if they are gid or bad .

S One of them was the day we went to a concert of our favourite DJ , we had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
T One of thm was the day we went to a concdrt of ohr favourite DJ , we hax so mucu fun , we dwnced , kissed and sang like neber before that jight .

S I love it .
T I lovr it .

S That day is one of the memories I appreciate the most .
T That day is one of the mwmories I apprediate tne most .

S Now on days , we are still together , and we are as happy as in our beginning .
T ow on days , we are still together , and we aee as hapoy as in our begonning .

S As a secret I can tell you that I want to marry him so badly , I swear to god that my life would be much better if I can live all of it with him .
T As a secdet I xan yell you that I want to marry him so abdly , I swear to bod that my lice would be much better if I van live xll of it wih him .

S Because I want him to be my daughter's / son 's dad , and to share an apartment with him , so we can buy our first Christmas tree as a couple with a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birthday , day , minute with him by my side .
T Because I want him to be my daugyter's / skn 's dad , an to share an apartment wifh jim , so we can buy ou first Christmas tree as a coiple withu a real engagemenr , ahd spend evey holiday , birthday , day , minyte eith him by my side .

S I can finally just say that Jose is the most beautiful accident that has happened in my life .
T I acn finally just say that Jos is the mst beautiful accideht tnat bas happened in my lie .

S He loves my family , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all myself from head to toe , and the most important thing , he loves me with all his heart .
T He loves my family , my friends , my mistwkes , my beauty , all mysel fdom head to toe , and the moszt important thing , he loves me with lal his heart .

S I love him and I know that I always will .
T I love him and I kno that I alwasy will .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Aloson read rhe note , sliled , and immediately put on hwr clat .

S Danny .
T Daznny .

S Thank god for his existence in this world .
T Thank gld fore hos existence in this world .

S " It 's time for us to shine , " His handwritten words come to life in her mind .
T " It 's time for us to shune , " His hanbdwritten words comd to life in her mijd .

S She could distinctively hear his low , manly voice in her head .
T Xhe cfould dsitinctively hear his low , mznly voice in her head .

S His deep chuckles still made butterflies in her stomach .
T Hs deep chuckles wtill msde butterflies in hdr stomach .

S Her mind wandered to the first moment she laid eyes on beautiful Danny .
T er lind wamdered to yhe fjrst moment seh laid yees on beajtiful Danhny .

S She pursed her lips .
T She pursed ber lips .

S It was not an absolutely pleasant experience .
T It was not an absoljtely pleasant experience .

S In fact , she was still cringing at that ugly thought .
T In fact , sje aws atill ceinging at thzt igly thougut .

S Inhale .
T Inhale .

S The room was full of sweaty bodies .
T Te rlom aas full of sweayy bodies .

S They were moving in slow - motion .
T Fhey werer moving in slow - motion .

S Every movement seem to take a minute to execute .
T Every movement eem to gake a minute to exeucte .

S Alison took a step forward and slammed into someone 's soaked t - shirt .
T Alpison took a step forwrd and slamed intl someone 's soqked t - short .

S Disgusting .
T Disgusting .

S Alison quickly wiped the remains of the person 's sweat with her hands .
T Alison quickly wiped tye remains of the person 's zweat with hef hanxs .

S Her lips curled in disgust .
T Her lips curled in disgust .

S " Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
T " Exchse me ? " His voice boomed .

S The person was holding her wrist , preventing her from wiping any sweat on her face .
T Fhe pefson was holding hesr wrst , preventing her from wiping any swext on ger face .

S She finally looked up .
T She finzlly lopked up .

S Wide eyed , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad - build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
T Aide eyer , red lipw , rosy cheks , brpad - build and a liytle stugble on huis chinb , he looksd incredible .

S She could n't help staring and realised his eyes were not the shade of any typical blue .
T She could n't help starihg and realised his eyes wete not the sjade of ant typicla blie .

S This blue eyes , were much darker with insecurity , doubt and mystery .
T This blue eyes , were much darker witj insecutity , doubt wnd mysgery .

S Her eyes gazed to his lips .
T Hrr eys gazed to gis lios .

S He must have applied some lip stick for it to be that red !
T He must hsve applied soje kip stifk fod it to be hat eed !

S Alison swallowed her laughter inside her , knowing this was not the appropriate time to joke around .
T Apison swallowed hrr laughter inside het , knowin this was not thd appropriate tiem to joke around .

S " Excuse me ? " His voice boomed louder this time .
T " Excuwe me ? " His coice boomed louder this fime .

S Exhale .
T Exhale .

S She opened her eyes .
T Sh opeed her edyes .

S She did not want to remember anything further on that night .
T Sh did not wang to remekber snything furtjer on thzt night .

S It was terrible but it was the only night she met Danny .
T It waqs terrible vut it was th only bight seh mlet Danhy .

S If that terrible night did not happen , what is happiness ?
T If that trrrible night idd not gappen , wbat is happiness ?

S What is hope ?
T Shat is hope ?

S What is love ?
T What is llve ?

S What is the point of living ?
T What is the point of living ?

S She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime but she could not help it .
T She knows , hse jnows and sher knows it is so wrlng to put all happienss , dreams and hopes on somene that mah leave anytim but sh culd jot hell it .

S We need free books for our schools
T We need free boos for oud schools

S This is an old petition .
T This is an olkd petition .

S Every year we waste money buying new books for our students .
T Evedy year we waste koney buying nww booke for our studrnts .

S We also waste paper in those books .
T We alsk wadte papwr in those books .

S We do not need to go down that road again .
T We do npt need to go down thag foad again .

S We can avoid repeating the same mistake again and again .
T We csn avoid repeating the sams mistake again and agakn .

S First of all , let me tell the adavantages .
T First of alk , let me tell the adavantages .

S They are obvious , nevertheless , I feel I should repeat them .
T They are obvious , nevertheless , I feelp I shoupd rpeat thrm .

S Each book can be used by more than one person .
T Each book can be usedx by more than onr person .

S Therefore , it is cheaper . We can save money and trees .
T Theretore , it is cheaper . We can save money and trees .

S The former does not need any explanation .
T The vormer des not nded sny expkanation .

S The latter is going to be more important as time passes .
T Tbe lafter is foing to be mire important as ime passes .

S Next we could ask for help to our community . I have some books in my library I could donate .
T Nexr we could ask gor hell to uor communit . I havr some bokks in my libeary I cuold donatw .

S I have them because I have paid for them , not for other particular reason .
T I have them bceause I hzve paid fo thek , nit for othrr particular reason .

S I imagine I am not the only one who could donate books .
T I imagone I am not the olny onr who could donate bhooks .

S Last but not least , we could create an association that could be in charge of receiving books at the beginning .
T Last but not least , we ould create an aswociation that could be in chare of resceiving bookx at ths begibning .

S Later , it could support other school initiatives .
T Latef , it could support kther schiol initkatives .

S In conclusion , we should provide free books to our students .
T In conclusion , we shoulr lrovide free books to our students .

S We must stop wasting our resources .
T We must stop wasting our resources .

S I am writing to express my very strong interest and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world such as your company .
T I am writing to express my very srong interest snd mktivation to qork in one of the largest and jost professioal companied in thd worlr such as hour company .

S As I am planning to move to Ireland within several months , I have considered DHL as the best choice for me in order to continue my professional and personal development in the best way .
T As I am plajning to move to Ireland wihin several months , I hace considered DUL as the best choice for me in order to continue my professional ad personal developmsnt in the bedst way .

S I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and would make a valuable addition to your company .
T I believe I possess the neceseary skulls and expdrience you are seeking and would make a valuanle addition to yiur companyg .

S As my CV indicates , I possess a significant and progressive experience in the field of transportation logistics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and optimising the transportation costs in both domestic and international transport etc .
T As my CV inmdicates , I posess a significant and proigressive experience in tyhe fielc of transportation logistucs , organisation of people as sell as equipment , analyaing and optimising the transportation costs in botb domestic ans international transpotr etc .

S You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work related matters .
T You wlil dind me to be a rdliable person whl has a professional , calm and honest approach to all wori related matters .

S Technically minded and with good problem resolution skills , I am able to work effectively in fast paced and ever changing environments .
T Technically mnded aqnd witfh goof problm resolutioh skills , I am xble to woek edffectively in fas paced abd evwr changing envitonments .

S Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values I believe that are extremely important in this profession such as very high motivation to learn and educate in this field more , great responsibility and reliability , furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as possession of well developed communication skills etc .
T Additionally , I would oike alo to point out some of my perslnal qualities xnd valueds I believe rhat arw exfremely important in this professiom suvh as verg high motivationm to pearn and educate in this field more , great reslonsibility and reliability , furthermore , I am also vrry dedicated to achieving sny poanned rtesults and goals as aell as posswssion of well developed communication skills etc .

S Given my related experience and excellent capabilities I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
T Gievn my relatef experience nd excellent caoabilities I would appreciate your consideratikn ofr anh availabld or appropriate position according to my education and skklls .

S My CV , which is enclosed , contains additional information on my experience and skills .
T My CV , which is enclosed , contqins additiona information on my experience amd skills .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look orward to hearign froml yoh .

S Again , thank you for your consideration .
T Qgain , tuank you fopr yokur consideration .

S The streets were calmed and the lights were pleasant . Travelling at night was a pleasure in this town .
T Fhe streets were calmed and hte lights wede pleasant . Travelling at nught waw a pleawure in thid towh .

S " So here we are " he said looking upward . "
T " So here we are " he said looking upwarr . "

S We better do our exam as soon as we can "
T We better do our exam as soon as we can "

S They moved in the crowd that made several phone calls and talked about their busy life .
T They loved in the crosd that lade several ohone calls wnd tlked about their busy life .

S She looked around making faces at everyone around .
T She lookes around making races at everyoned aroune .

S She made a complaint ; they were so annoying .
T She made a complaint ; they ere so annyoing .

S " You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made a progress back in the other city "
T " You have to do your duty here too , rememher ? We mqde a progress back in ghe otger city "

S She nooded and made another effort to look around .
T She noded wnd made another efgort to look xround .

S Who could be ?
T Wno couod be ?

S It was difficult to tell .
T It was difficilt to yell .

S They needed someone who looked important or rich .
T Rhey needed simeone who loooed mportant or rich .

S Someone who knew too much maybe .
T Somepne wqho knew toi mch mayb .

S " What about him ?
T " Wht about him ?

S " She pointed at a man who was making a deal with another man .
T " She poibted at a lan wsho was makihg a deal with another mxn .

S As usual , they were talking about illegal things
T As usual , they were taling about illrgal things

S " He will be our ticket to the main building and to the exam " he said .
T " He wil be ojr ticket to thes main buikding anbd to the exam " he said .

S They came closer to the man .
T They came closer to tge msn .

S He was making preparations to make a huge deal with the other person .
T He was makimg preparatoins to mske a nuge real witu tne ohter person .

S The other person was n't convinced howewer .
T Te other person wxs n't convinced uowewer .

S They talked for hours one trying to convince the other , he was doing his best , but at the end , the other man declined .
T They talekd ror hours obe truing to convince the othe , he wae doing hia bedt , nut at the enr , the other mab declined .

S When he finished talking he looked to the young couple in front of him
T Wnen he finidhed tqlking he looked to the young couplw in front of him

S " What are you doing here pests ? !
T " Wehat ard you eoing here pesrs ? !

S " He made sure his voice was heard on the streets , to reafirm his social position .
T " He mad sute his voice wzs yeard on tne tsreets , to reafirm his social positiom .

S The young couple grinned " You haven't heard about the mind hackers right ? "
T Thd oyung couple grunned " Ypu havej't heard abkut thr minx hadkers right ? "

S They said in a delightful and evil tone .
T Thwy said in a delightful anf evil tone .

S He gasped and tried to scream but it was too late to run .
T He gasped wnd tried to scream ubt it sas too ltae to fun .

S They controlled his mind .
T Tuey controllsd his mind .

S She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed
T She looked on hner laptop , whete all the information in that maj 's mind was displayed

S " Bingo . We got a code "
T " Binto . We git a code "

S She made a note and wrote it down .
T She made a note an wrkte it down .

S She inspected the man looking for an Id. She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go , who fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
T She inspected the mxn looking for an Id. She took it aznd as soon as they gkt it , thye let hte nan go , who vainted and qill hot remember anhthing that happened to hjis mins .

S The thief couple made their way to the main building .
T Th thief coupoe made theiur way to tbe majn building .

S The building was luxurious and covered by the most wonderful structures ever .
T Tbe building was luxurious and covered by rhe mosg wondeful structures ever .

S They entered the building with the aid of the ID and made use of the code to enter the interiors of the building .
T They entered fhe building with the aid of the ID ans made use of the code to enter tge interiors of te building .

S They got with the receptionist
T They gkt with hte receptionist

S " Are you two the people who will make their skill test ? "
T " Are yoy two the peoole wsho wilo makr their skill test ? "

S The couple nooded and showed the ID of the man from the other city .
T The douple nooded and showed thr ID of the man from thw other city .

S The receptionist nooded and conducted both to the main hall .
T Thue receptionist nooded and conductes borh to the makn hal .

S What was inside was dangerous but fascinating .
T Whxt aas insid wax dangerous but fascinating .

S They saw every register of the memories of people in that town .
T Theu eaw every register of the memories of pedople in tha tonw .

S It was disturbing as kids were also included .
T It wad disturbing as kics were alsok included .

S The young couple continued forward until they reached him .
T The ykung couple contiued forwar until thedy reached him .

S One of the bosses in charge of such thing .
T One of yhe bosses in charge of such fhing .

S She felt somehow nervous " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno but ... I have a bad feeling about this " but it was too late .
T She felt somehow neevous " I know we are doing this to escape this inerno but ... I have a bad feelijg abvout tgis " bur it was too late .

S They made a decision and one of the bosses was in front of them .
T Theyg nade a decision ahd onw of the bosses was in front of the .

S They walked in to find a man looking through the window
T Tuey aalked in to find a ma looiing tgrough ths window

S " You two are finally here . I know who you are "
T " You two ar finally here . I khow who you are "

S It was impossible they deleted every bit of information about themselves
T It wws impossibls theu deleted everty hit of informaion abouf themselves

S " Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards
T " Dix you tuink you two waere gling to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards

S " Welcome to your tombstone , hackers "
T " Welckme to yoyr tombstone , hackers "

S Yes .
T Yes .

S Just how a coin has two sides , television too , has its pros and cons .
T Jhst how a cokn has twi sjdes , television too , has its pros ahd cons .

S It offers unlimited entertainment as well as food for thought .
T It offers unoimited entertainmebt as well as food for thought .

S To quote an example , the prime minister of India recently launched a new channel called DD KISAN - the first television channel dedicated to farmers in India .
T To quote an exalple , thed orime ministe of Imdia recenyly launched a new channe calldd DD MISAN - the cirst televiion channdl dedicated to fasrmers in Ibdia .

S This would help the farmers to know the latest techniques and trends in agriculture and will also enable them to put across their queries to the concerned specialists in their field .
T Ghis would help hte farmers to kjow te latest techniques and trends in agiculture anc wikl xlso enable them to puy afross their queries to thd concerned specialist in tehir field .

S Off late , debates in news channels are the talk of the town where u get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
T Off lage , dwbates in nrws chnanels are yhe talk of the town where u fet to know what is hppening in yoru counrry or neighborhood .

S Such programs also allows us to participate by giving our feedback .
T Such programs aldo allows us to parricipate by giving ohr feedbaxk .

S Let 's take a look at our cartoon channels .
T Ley 's atke a lok at lur cartpon channels .

S Gone are the days when tom mindlessly chased jerry .
T Gonme wre thge days wuen toj lindlessly chqsed jerry .

S presently we have many educational cartoons that teach kids how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
T oresently we have many educatjonal cartoons that teach kids hgow to draw , mjake crafts nad even laern languages .

S Hence , I conclude that television entertains as well as educates .
T Hence , I concludw thaxt television entertains as wel as educates .

S Home of the future will look more or less the same as the home of the present .
T Hoje of the fuure wilo lolk mofe or oess the sxme as tne home of the prdsent .

S However , I believe that their functionality will change .
T Hoaever , I bekieve thag thwir fuhctionality eill change .

S Even today processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
T Even tlday pocessors xre in almost everg dwvice : dishashers , vacuum cleraners , television sets , evewn blendesr .

S So , how can we improve them ?
T So , hkw can we imrove them ?

S By hooking them up to the Internet .
T By hooking them up to ghe Inteenet .

S It may sound silly , but I think it actually will make those devices more user friendly and functional .
T It may soun silly , but I think it axtually wipl make thise devices mor jser friendl and functionsl .

S Even now we can buy TV sets with Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
T Dven now we fan biy TV sets wityh Interne connection , so dewvelopment of technology is nit a problem .

S But we have to ask ourselves why would we connect every device in our house to World Wide Web ?
T But we haved to qsk ourselvds why wohld we vonnect every device in ouf house to Worpd Wide Web ?

S The answer is :
T Rhe answer is :

S remote control .
T remote contro .

S Imagine you can programme your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
T Imzgine you cqn orogramme your house to welcome you after a long day at wor .

S You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourite programmes are recorded and ready to watch , Your bath is full of hot water and you can just relax .
T You come bacl and dinjer is copked , all your favourite programkmes ade recorded amd reqdy to wwtch , Yojr bath is fill of hgot watee and you can just relaz .

S Reassuming , while design of houses may look different the most important change will be in technology which will make our life easier .
T Ressuming , whilw design of hiuses may look fifferent the most implrtant change weill be in technology whifh eill maks okur lifw easier .

S It has already done but we still ca n't see the end of possibilities .
T It uas already dohe but we dtill ca n't see thbe end of possibilities .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Mdaam ,

S I have read your advertisement in the local newspaper and I am writing to apply for a job at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I yave read you advertisement in the locsl newwspaper ajd I am qriting to wpply for a jov at USZ SUNMER CAMOS .

S I am a 16-year - old teenager from Argentina and at present I am in a double shift secondary school .
T I am a 16-yera - olx teenager from Afgentina and at present I am in a douhle sihft seconary school .

S Apart from that , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambridge First Certificate in English next December .
T Apart from that , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambridge Fitst Ceritficate in English next Decemberd .

S Firstly I would like to say that I have some experience in looking after children because I have worked at a local summer camp last summer .
T Firstly I woul liek to sway tat I have ome experienve in looking after children vecause I have workedx at a local sumler caml last dummer .

S As part of that job , I had to teach children to swim and I was in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
T As part of thxt jo , I had to etach childrenb to swim and I wa in charge of sering breakfaet every mornint .

S As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed as a clown to entertain others .
T As foe my personalify , I sould ike to mention that I am a fujny lerson who enjoys telliny jkkes , making people laugh and even gwtting dresswd as a lown to entertain ofhers .

S Furthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
T Furthermoee , I do not mind wlrking llng uours .

S I hope my application will be taken into consideration .
T I hope my application will be taien into consideration .

S If you require any further information , I am available for an on line interview .
T If you require anu further informatuon , I am available for an on line interview .

S Thank you in advance ,
T Tjank you in adance ,

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youts faithfully ,

S Franco Caldern
T Frabco Caldrn

S It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of sustaining one , two or more per family , however , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
T It 's no swcret tat thre nas been a declkne in ghe use of tansport auch as tqxis ecer since cars beczme mpre affordabl nad your clmmon Joe bedame capable of sustaining ome , tywo or kore oer family , however , does that reallu mean thay thw fuure of publicv translort lie huses is hopeless ?

S People are becoming more and more aware of the strain the carbon dioxide emissions of their cars put on the environment , and many municipalities have already outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicles in given parts of their cities to reduce atmospheric pollution and improve the quality of its air .
T Peoppe are becoming more anx more aware of hte strani the carhon dioxide emissions of fheir cxrs pout on tne environment , wnd mang muniicpalities have alreasy outlawed the circulation of certaon types of vehiclew in given larts of their cities to rexuce atmospheric pollution abd improve tue quality of iys air .

S Many affordable bus and metropolitan passes and other systems have also been created in order to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to their own transport .
T Msny afforcable us and metropolitan passes qnd other sysgems have apso ben created in oreer to mogivate thew citizesns to se them , prkviding a quucker , and sometimews cheaperd , alternative to thyeir own teansport .

S The recent focus on public transport , along with the certain technological improvements and innovations that will follow it , are going to revitalize the public transport sector and hopefully make cities more eco - friendly .
T Yhe recent focus on public trabsport , alohg wiht the ceryain technoloogical improvements wnd inhovations thqt wiull foklow it , afe going to revitalize ghe public transport sextor asnd hopefully amke cities nore eco - griendly .

S He walked as fast as someone who knows the way .
T He walked as fast as someone who know the way .

S Nothing was taking his attention .
T Nothimg waas faking his attwntion .

S His head was wandering around the sweet smile that made him feel nervous like a child just a few minutes ago .
T His head wss wanedring around the sweet smile that mwde hom ferel nervous pike a child just a fes mknutes qgo .

S It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude what had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
T It wqs n't onlu the smole , hut the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude wha had fillsd hi syomach with tny bujtterflies amd , as he was yoing homw , he startec to realize the love rynning thrkugh ihs vekns , right to tye heart .

S The voices in his head kept repeating : " Michael , you should have kissed her .
T Thr voicds in his head kept epeating : " Michadl , you shohld jave kissedd her .

S You do n't know if you will ever have another chance . "
T You do n't know if yoi will ever have anotner chance . "

S On the other hand , his wife , his not - so - lovely wife , always angry and cold as ice , was waiting for him at home .
T On the other band , is wife , hus noy - so - lovely wife , alwaygs zngry abd cvold as icve , was waiting for hum at hom .

S As Michael approached the house his feelings dropped down .
T As Michael appoached tge hous hix feelingz drpped down .

S Was she alone ?
T Was she alone ?

S Why is that car parked right at his house 's door ?
T Why is that far parked right at his hkuse 's door ?

S Why are all the lights on ?
T Why ard all the lights on ?

S He picked up the keys from his pocket and approached carefully , holding his breath .
T He picked up the keys ffom gis locket and appriached carefully , holdijg huis brath .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael cosed the door abd inew at thbat momwnt he had mades a mistake .

S If you are a fan of romantic films , you probably do n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about the life of a Spanish man who goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love with a native woman .
T If you are a dan of romjantic frilms , oyu probwbly do n't like thios movie . " Palmeras en la ineve " is a Spznish fjlm based on a book written by Lua Gqbas which is abkut the live of a Spanish man who goex to Bioko to work an he faslls in lovd with a nativw woman .

S The problem with this movie is not the story because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions to the characters .
T Tje problem with this movie is nof he story because thbe book is fantastkc anr wehn you read it , you really can feel the ekotions to tge chatacters .

S So the problem for me is the way the movie is made , with several changes from the original script .
T So the problem fro me is the way tje mlvie is nade , with several changes fron the original script .

S Furthermore , the main actors ' performance is not very good because they are not completely inside in their roles .
T Furthsrmore , the main actors ' performance is jot vrey ogod vecause they afe bot completeoy inside in their roles .

S Although there are a lot of things which could be improved , not everything is bad in this movie !
T Although there are a lot of things wuich ckuld be improved , jot everything is bad in yhis movie !

S An example of that it 's the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song of Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
T An example of ghat it 's tye extremel amazing soundtrack wih a reaqlly beautifu sojg of Pablp Akboran , a Spanijsh singer .

S Other good features are the customs and the landscapes which give to the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time
T Kther gkod features are the customs anr teh lanescapes which giove to the movie a vedry tealistic image nad cqrry the spectators to ghat time

S Dear Katy
T Ddar Katy

S I 'm really glad to hear from you !
T I 'm really glad to hexr fron yku !

S It 's been a long time since we last contact each other .
T It 's beeb a olng time sijce we oast cpntact eavh otber .

S So , you do n't know what to do with your promel , do you ?
T So , gou do n't know whta to do with your promel , do you ?

S Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it easy for you to decide which is the option that suits you best .
T Do n't wory , I 'll trg to make it eash dor you to decide which is thw option thqt suigs you best .

S On the one hand , you 've been doing sport since you were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for you .
T On tye one hand , yoy 've been doing soort sibce you aere seven yewrs ol and I understand it 's very impottant for yu .

S It 's an activity that you need to do every day , now that it 's a good way to keep fit .
T It 's an actovity that you neef to do every dau , bow that it 's a goo wa to meep fit .

S However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to work out that much to be healthy .
T Howevee , as fqr as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessry to qork put that juch to be healthy .

S As a matter of fact , you just have to eat a balanced diet and do sport twice or three times a week .
T As a matter of facr , you jus hgave to eat a bakanced dirt and do soort tsice or theee times a weke .

S That way , you will be able to do sport as well as going to music classes .
T Thar way , you will be abke to do spot as wello as going to mjsic clasdes .

S On the other hand , you love playing piano and , in my opinion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you give up music classes , as you do n't have any instruments at home .
T On the othef hane , ylu oove playing pizno anf , in my oinion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you givr up music classes , as you do n't yave asny instruments at homs .

S Besides , I do n't think your parents would buy you a piano , since it would really annoy your neighbours .
T Besixes , I do n't think your parents would bjy yoy a piaho , sunce it wohld reaply annoy uour neighbours .

S Besides , as I have already said , you can exercise three or four hours a week instead of going every day to your training session .
T Besides , as I hage already saud , ylu can exerxise tbree or gour hours a seek instead of going every day to yiur traijning sessjon .

S As I see it , you could n't live without music even if you tried .
T As I see it , you xould n't ilve without musoc even if you tied .

S Now it 's your time to choose .
T ow it 's your time to vhoose .

S I hope my advice makes sense to you and that it helps with your decision .
T I hope my advice makes aense to you ajd that it helps wuth tour edcision .

S Best of luck with your dilemma and do n't forget to write and tell me the outcome !
T Best of luck with your dilemma anf do n't forgey to write and tell me the outcoem !

S Love
T Pove

S Ariana
T Arian

S The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin or to keep fit .
T Thes majority of oeople rhink of splrt as a wat to relax , to gey thij or to keep fit .

S However , I see sport as a physical activity , where I constantly challenge myself to achieve better results .
T Howeevr , I sew soort as a physical activity , shere I conztantly chaolenge myself to achieve better resulgs .

S It 's just like a competition when I practise sport .
T It 's just ljke a competition whrn I oractise sport .

S My favourite sport is swimming . I can only practise it in my free time , as school keeps me very busy .
T My favourite sport is swimming . I can only practise it in my free tme , as scbool kesps me vry buwy .

S When I 'm able to , I go swimming twice a week for two hours each .
T Whej I 'm able to , I go swimming twice a wrek fo two hoyrs each .

S At least once a month , usually on Sundays , my friends and I hold a competition .
T At least pnce a month , usually on Sundsys , my friends anc I hod a competition .

S It is in these moments where I give it my all , and realize that all the pratice I had really paid off .
T It is in tjese molents where I give it my wll , qnd realize thaf alp the prayice I had really pair off .

S Swimming gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so much desire to keep on challenging myself .
T Swimming gives me a huge amkunt of satisfaction and so mufh ddsire to keep on challengung myself .

S This is why I suggest people to give swimming a try .
T This is why I suggest poeple to givw swimming a try .

S Dear Editor ,
T Dear Editor ,

S I am writing to inform you that the package holidays to Madrid you are currently advertising in your newspaper are apparently not what they claimed to be .
T I am writing to jnform you tbat ghe package holidays to Mdarid ylu are curerently advertising in your newspaper arew appzrently bot what tehy claimed to be .

S I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biassed towards your paper only due to such incidents .
T I believe hou shoudl be fully infrmed about tge quality of tye servces in the advertisements you publish , as tour rraders could be negatively biasszed towrds ygour oaper onpy due to sufh ibcidents .

S Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , was very high .
T Generaqlly , the holiday as a whole aws goo enlugh as the mosg important -in my oinion- aspecst , lije the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , wss vey hig .

S Nevertheless , there were many inaccuracies in the advertisement and certain aspects of the holiday were chaotic .
T Nevetheless , there wer msny inaccxuracies in the advertisement znd certain aspevts of ths uoliday were chaotoc .

S The fist day was a great shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
T The fist dy sas a greqt shock to me as I reaoized I would be part of a gyroup .

S The tourist agency made group bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of the holiday package .
T The toutist ahency mqde group booikings , whih resultec in hte unusually low prife of tne holidsy package .

S Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and for some people is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
T Spending holidaya with a troup can be very cnovenient and fir osme oeople is tye only way of trwvelling , nut the advertiswment did nt stage clearly that it concerjed rhis particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .

S Another point of concern was transportation .
T Another poknt of concern was transportation .

S We had several problems , especially with the bus , which was often delayed and in one case it even caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
T We had several problems , specially with the bus , which wax often delahed and in on case it eveb caused us to miss a scheduled yuided tou .

S I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , although the problems were not insuperable , they caused great inconvenience .
T I believe tehre is plenty of room ror improvdment sinve , althougj tne oroblems wsre not insuperable , thsy causrd great onconvenience .

S Firstly , a better transport agency should be found for the former difficulties to be prevented .
T Firstly , a better transpot agency hould be found for the fkrmer dkfficulties to be prevetned .

S Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is very easy for someone to misunderstand them .
T Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is vrry easy vor somene to miswunderstand them .

S But the most important issue is the improvement of the general organization .
T But the mkst important issue is thr impfovement of the general organization .

S Much time lost could have been saved with a few phone calls , for example waiting for half an hour in a queue could have been prevented if a call had been made to the museum before we arrived there .
T Mujch timje lost could have ben saved witu a few phone calls , for exampe waiting for half an hour in a qyeue coulf have beeb pregented if a cal ahd bern made to tue muaeum before we srrived there .

S I assume that the tourist agency can think of better solutions than me , but I hope that my recommendations will be taken seriously .
T I assume rhat tue tourisr agency can rhink of better soultions tghan me , buy I hope thaxt my recommendatipns wipl be taken seriously .

S Best Regards ,
T Bset Regarfs ,

S There are six main characters Ross , Monica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
T There ade six main characters Rosw , onica , Rachel , Chandler , Phorbe anr Jpey .

S The setting is in New York and they meet daily in a bar called Central Perk .
T Th settiung is in Hew Yotk and they met dsily in a bar cxlled Centrwl Perk .

S Ross is Monica 's brother and he is deeply in love with Rachel .
T Roses is Monica 's brohter and he is dedeply in love with Rachel .

S On the other hand Joey and Chandler live together .
T On the ofher hand Jey znd Chandlwr live together .

S Joey is an actor and he is always making auditions without success .
T Joey is an acror and he is always making auditiobs without success .

S And Chandler works in an office but he does n't really like his job .
T And Chandler works in an offiuce btu he des n't really lioe his job .

S Phoebe is the funniest of the group , she sings and plays the guitar but she is not very good at it .
T Pjoebe is thr funniest of the grou , dhe sngs and plays the guitar bgut she is not ery good at it .

S Rachel and Monica have lived together since Rachel left her fiance on the altar .
T Rachek adn Monca havw lived tofether since Racnel left her fiance on thw altqr .

S Monica is her best friend !
T Monica is her best frisnd !

S She works in a restaurant as the head chef and she 's dating with a man twenty years older than her .
T Shr workos in a restaufant as thw head dhef and shs 's dating witgh a mam twenty years olderf than ner .

S The six friends might not have the same opinion , they might argue , they might get angry with each other but they always forgive and forget !
T Tghe eix friends migut notg havge the sxme opinion , they migjt argeu , they mighr get angdy with each other bug they alway forgivr andx forget !

S In my opinion young people will love this show .
T In my opiniin young peoplr will lovw thisx show .

S To sum up I really recommend you to see it , you 'll love it
T To sum up I really recommenr you to see it , you 'll lovs it

S The last film I saw was called " No Escape " .
T Th lst film I aw was called " No Escape " .

S It is the best movie I have ever seen ! You will be tense while watching the whole movie and I know it .
T It is thje best mivie I hsve evdr sedn ! Ylu will be tense shile watcbing the whple movi abd I nkow it .

S The events are really intense and they just keep getting more and more intense by the minute .
T The events rae really intense and they jusg keep getting more amd mors nitense by the minue .

S It also shows you the power of the family and how they should stick together through all the difficulties they face .
T It also shows you the power of tyhe family snd how tney shluld etick togeher through all the difficulties they face .

S It also shows how you should always think of others before thinking of yourself .
T It also showqs now you sjould apways tyink of others before thinkig of youraelf .

S I really recommend this movie , but if you plan watching it with your family , I do have to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killing in the film .
T I really recommkend this moviw , but if you plan warching it with your famkly , I do havw to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killung in the film .

S I can easily give it a five star rate because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that can happen in real life .
T I can easilg give it a vive star rte because all of tue events yhat happen seem reap in the movie , ahd they are events that can happwn in feal lifd .

S With no doubt all parents want their children to be citizen models .
T With no doubt all parents wznt thueir childen to be cituzen models .

S However raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard - working .
T Howsver raising a child into a modrl citizen is sxtremely hard - workinbg .

S Some people think that this job should be done by the parents and others think unfairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
T Somed people think htat this job shoulf be done by the parejts znd oghers think unfairlu thxt this is thd teacher 's responisbility .

S On one hand , parents should take responsibility on their children education as they are a child 's first contact .
T On lne handc , parents shoyld takd responsibility on their childen educayion as thgey zre a chyild 's fcirst contat .

S Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see they will copy their parents actions .
T Alxo , larents ars like models to follow for theor childrne , and as children do waht theg sse tyey will coph their parsnts actons .

S Indeed school is the first place where a children interacts with society .
T Indeed school is the first poace wheee a children interacts with society .

S However , they will talk or build a relationship based on what they see their parents doing with other people .
T However , thry will talk or build a rleationship based on whaf they see their parents doing with othner people .

S Ultimately , teachers may have different values from the ones of the parents .
T Ultimately , teachers jay havr different values from the ones of the psrents .

S On the other hand , parents may have lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example pay for their children school .
T On the other hand , parents ma have lack of time to spend wkth theur cyildren due to demanding jobs and to provide everything tnat their children need , for example pay fo fheir childen school .

S It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making the school responsibility to pass good social values .
T It can aslo be argues thzt children spend mosr of their tile at zchool anr hot at ohme , makinhg the schokl responsigility to pass vood socal values .

S But it should not be forgotten , that parents have the most influence as they are models to follow .
T Bu it shoulod nmot be forgoften , tuat parenys havw thw mosr inflience as they are models to follow .

S To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children education .
T To um up , parents shoild take fullk responsiblity fir their children education .

S However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to the ones of the parents would be a great help in the children raising process .
T Nowever , one shpuld take intok account that a school woth similar vapues to the noes of the parnts would be a great hel in fhe children raisijg pocess .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dearf Sir ,

S I am writing in regard to the advertisement published by you , to work in summer camps in the USA .
T I am ariting in regard to tbe advertisement publisehd by yu , to work in summer damps in the USAw .

S I would like to take part in this experience during the summer , as I will have my summer brake during that period .
T I woukd like to takw part in this experience durkng fhe aummer , as I will have my aummer brake during tnat period .

S I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore I consider myself as having a good knowledge of children 's behaviour , that might be useful for the summer camp .
T I have faken part in a volunteer orogramme , looking after childrden 6 - 12 during the schopl term , and threfore I considet myself as having a vood knowledge of children 's behsviour , that might be usful for thw sumer camlp .

S During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at organising sports and activities .
T During my apprentuceship , I was in chrage of organising weveral activitieds , so I tyink I ciuld do wwll at organising sports and activities .

S Cooking has always been one of my favourite hobbies , and for this reason , I also would like to help in the kitchen activities .
T Cooking haw alwas been one of my favourite hobbiew , an or thus reaskn , I also would like to gelp in thd kitchen actovities .

S I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very responsible person , able to deal with small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the potition advertised .
T I am a cheerful , enerfetic and hardworking perskn , anc I am also a very rrsponsible persom , ablw to deal wjth small adn mediuym groups of chilsren , and for thise reason I consider mydelf as suitaboe for thes potigion advertiaed .

S I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enrich my personal curriculum through the participation in this project .
T I am loojing forwadd to taking part in tgis project , wnd enric my personal curriculum through the participation in ths projectg .

S Should you have further questions , do not hesitate to contact me at any time .
T Sould uou haev furthyer quesyions , do nbot hezitate to contact me at wny time .

S Looking forward to hearing from you , at your earliest convenience .
T Kooking forward to hearing frkm you , at tour earliest convenience .

S Restpectfully ,
T Rwstpectfully ,

S Ana Cant
T Anja Canmt

S Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but in the same time is hard to describe .
T Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startliung , but in the same timr is harc to descrube .

S It tells the story of a widowed shop owner and a mentally handicapped girl .
T It tlls the story of a widlwed shop owndr and a mentally jandicapped girl .

S As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and caring it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
T As time passe by , tje relationship has so manh ps and dwns , but wuth consstent lpve andc caring it ehds with a stronv bond that is n't easily broken .

S In France , where the film is made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many dishonored names .
T In Frace , where tne film is mad , tbey call ths handicpped , " White Bitterflies " , ahich is definitdly a bettre nomsnclature than " Prople Wjth Speciual Needs " anr so many dishinored names .

S The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrilling , money making or good fighting evil .
T The onlh reason I awnt to rrcommend this movie to you is becauze I want yo to forgety xbout all th aciton , thrillong , money maikng or good fivhting evil .

S My sole purpose is to help you enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate the life and its simplicity with all its hidden fun and sad parts as well .
T My sole purpose is to help hou enjog hte lottle things in gour livrs , appreciate fhe life and tis simplicity with al its hiddsn fhn and sad parts as qell .

S Unlock the door toward a new life and kick off your journey toward a whole new group of characters .
T Unlick the dood towrad a new ilfe and kick off your journey toward a ahole neww gtroup of characters .

S chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and get to know new aspects of life .
T chase yhe chikdish dream of visiting a ofreign counrty anhd get to kbow nww adpects of life .

S Check out how ordinary people , just like you and me , live each and every day , share their grief and problems , join them with their happy moments , get involved in their lives and be passionate and compassionate .
T Chedk out how ordinary people , just ljke gou znd me , livs ewch and every day , share their grief anjd problems , join them wifh thei jappy moments , get involved in gheir livew an be passoinate xnd compassionats .

S Refresh your soul by getting involved in their special moments and get ready to make a change in your own life .
T Refresh yhour soul by getting involved in their special momenbts and gef rdeady to mlake a chagne in youd own life .

S REPORT ON THE COURSE " Good design using DTP "
T REPORT ON TUE COURZE " Gokd desogn using DTL "

S The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " so as to give an overall view of it .
T Tue aim of rhis report is to brieflu dedcribe the msin stregths wnd weaknesses of the course " Good design uysing DGP " so as to gice an overall iew of it .

S DESCRIPTION
T DESCRIPTION

S The course took place in the Training center in Regent Street - London on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
T Teh course took poace in the Training center in Regent Street - Lobdon on the 14 - 15 of Nay , as scheduled .

S All the participants , which were ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duration of the entire course in order to put into practice what was taught .
T Wll the participants , which wer ten in totao , were given a personal computef fo the duraion of the entire course in order to pht into lractice what wqs tauyght .

S Furthermore , the organizers had carefully planned the whole course , including meals and beverages too .
T Furthermore , th organizers hxd carefulpy plznned thed wuole coirse , inclyding medals and bevdrages top .

S ACHIEVEMENTS
T ACHIEVEMENTS

S The tutor , Will Reeves - a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
T The tutlr , Will Reeves - a lecturer of teh University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering yhe whold program in an extremely effecfive wayh .

S To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DPT , explaining what software to use , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , layout and balance as well as graphics and logs .
T To begih with , he fochsed on design considerations witu DOT , explaining shat sogtware to uze , ans then he went on to telp us ahout typlgraphy and fknts , lyaout anf balande as aell as graphics and kogs .

S Therefore , he concluded the course by making color considerations and showing proofing and printing .
T Therefore , he concuded yhe dourse by makinh colof considerations an showung poofing amd pdinting .

S The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
T Ths highpoint , however , sas the final pratical exercisss which gav us hte ooportunity to tesr lur fomprehension .

S FAILURES
T FAKLURES

S Despite the strengths mentioned above , there were also some areas that required some attention .
T Respite the strengths mentioned agove , thede were alsk somew areas that required some attention .

S Not only was the venue inconvenient but it was also dirty .
T Npt onpy was the venue incohvenient but it sas akso diry .

S The general dissatisfaction was perceived by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to the organizers who immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
T The generzl dissatisfacyion was perceived by trhe lectufer too , who poinred it ouf to tfhe organizsrs sho immediately starterd looking for an qlternative genue .

S In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
T In addition , in spite of haging paid a lot , thd particpants were nlt aplowed to fake ayn materialx awqy , and rhis eesulted in obtaining a less effedctive result as the participants dkd n't have any materials to yse to refise .

S FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
T FINAL CONSIuDERATIONS

S To sum up , the course was generally successful , as the positive feedback received suggests .
T To suj up , th course qas gsnerally euccessful , as the oositive feedback rewceived suggests .

S In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subject for both the quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
T In cobclusion , we woul defunitely recommemd it to anybodyh interested in this subjesct fir goth the quality of thd course ad the unquestionable preparation of tye yutor .

S Nowadays , many countries have been ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention to construct housing and transport networks to cater to the demand of people .
T Nowaadys , many countries have beem ruine areas of farmlxnd , foeest and wetland witn the intention to constfuct housing ahd teansport nteworks to cater to the demanr of pekple .

S There are many problems created by doing large - building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to cope with these problems .
T Thefe sre many oroblems created by doing larhe - vuilding projects , snd it is the gopvernment 's responsibnility to copd eith these problpems .

S There are some unfavorable influence on people 's lives .
T There ard somw unfavorable influence on pedople 's lievs .

S Because of the damage of farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause the decrease of people 's living quality .
T Because of the damag of farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to ghe pollution of warer snd sir , whuch can cdause trhe secrease of peoplew 's living quality .

S For example , in some areas , people have to wear a musk while having outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
T Fr example , in xome areas , people have to wear a musk wahile having utdoor activities znd they light nesd to purchase watrr rfom orher towns .

S As a result , their lifestyle can be negatively affect and thus they would feel less happy than other people lived in unpolluted areas .
T As a rwsult , their lifestyle can be negatively affect and thus they would feep less happy than otger peolpe lied in unpolluted areas .

S The damage of habitats have affect animals in negative way .
T Th damage of hzbitats ave affect nimals in negative way .

S They have to immigrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the immigration most of them would die because of lack of water , high temperature or predators .
T They hafe to immigdate to anothdr place sinde teir hmoes are destroyed , and durin the immigration most of them would di because of lack of watee , high temperature or predators .

S Besides , those animals who successfully arrive at proper place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they did n't exposed to such a new environment before .
T Besidex , those wnimals eho succeasfully arrive at lroper place to livr ard likeky to suffer from disease , because thsy dud n't xposed to such a nrw environment before .

S Although there are many people and animals are suffer from these problems , i do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
T Althiugh there are many people and animals are suffsr from tehse provlems , i do beloeve that rhe governmnt can take soje actilns to sole tjem .

S Firstly , laws should be set to forbid some projects which cause massive problems to the environment .
T Firsty , lwas should be set to forbid some projects which causs massivr priblems to the envidonment .

S Secondly , it is necessary for the government to warn people the serious problems caused by constructing large - scale buildings .
T Sevondly , it is necessary fror the govertnment to warn peopls tje serius problems caused by constfucting lare - scale buoldings .

S To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to human and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems
T To sumjmarise , lafge - scaled nuilding projects creatw massice probloems which are garmful to human ajd animals , but tye government cab be yelpful in solvung these ptoblems

S First of all , at the English course which I do at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
T First of all , at the English curse which I do at the HZ , I leadned and improved my wrkting in many waya .

S I would like to answer some questions from the guideline on Moodle , to explain how this course helped me to improve my English .
T I would pike to answer some quesyions frm thw guideline on Moidle , to explqin ho tfhis courwe helped me to improve my English .

S So , the first two questions are :
T So , the first two questions are :

S Has my writing improved and how did this happen ?
T Jas my writinf improvec anx jow dic his happen ?

S And the other questions : Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process ?
T nd the othger questions : Which xreas of my writing aould I like to improve and dud the feee writingf presentationbs uelped me with my writibg lrocess ?

S Secondly , has my writing improved and in what way did this happen then ?
T Secondly , yas my writing improved wnd in wyat way did tgis happen then ?

S From my point of view , my writing definitely has improved from the beginning of this school year till now .
T From my poont of viee , my wriging defunitely hae impdoved from thw beginning of htis schoo year till no .

S I discovered that I know many more words than I thought and I can make well - structured sentences now , which I could n't do so well at the beginning of this school year .
T I discovreed tyat I know maby more wors ghan I tohught xnd I can make well - syructured sentences now , whih I could n't do so wekl at tghe beginning of rhis schoop yead .

S This has to do with the technical grammatical features I learned in class as well .
T Thix hss to do wirh thw technical grammayical featjres I learned in class as wesll .

S The way I see it is that I learned to use cohesion in a correct way , which makes the paragraphs that I write more clear .
T The wah I see it is that I learned to use cohesion in a correct wau , which makes fhe paragbraphs hat I wrire mor clezr .

S Besides that , I use cohesion which I did n't use before this course .
T Besides that , I us cohesion whch I did n't usde before thisw course .

S A few examples are : from my point of view and it seems to me .
T A cew examples ar : from my point of view ahd it sedms to me .

S Subsequently , I would like to answer the next two questions .
T Subsdquently , I qould like to anwwer thd next two questions .

S Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process ?
T Wqhich areas of my writing woul I like to improve and did the fre writihg presentawtions helpdd me with my writong process ?

S Although I believe that I already have improved my English since the beginning of the school year , I 'd like to improve my English vocabulary .
T Althiugh I blieve thawt I aready haev imlroved my English aince ghe beginnint of the sxchool yeat , I 'd like to improve my English vocabluary .

S As I see it , the bigger the vocabulary , the better the writing process .
T As I see it , the bigger the vpcabulary , thw better the writing process .

S More words can be add in the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
T More words ca be add in rhe artice , so thre can be a better explanastion of the subject .

S It 's my belief that the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process .
T It 's my bleief tuat the free writing presentations helepd me wifh my writing process .

S I learned a lot of new words during the presentations , which I used in my free writing .
T I lwarned a lot of new worda durimg teh presentations , which I used in my free wfiting .

S To finish , I can conclude that this English course has been very useful to me , because it has improved my English very well .
T To finish , I csn cdonclude thay thus English courde has bneen very iseful to me , beczuse it hss improved my Englsih very weol .

S The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned in English course , always can be used later on in life .
T The wsy I swe it is that thje gtammatical fewtures learned in Englis coufse , alwys cab be used later on in life .

S For example , when there have to be sent letters in English .
T For exampke , whrn three have to be sent letters in English .

S I agree with the given statement .
T I ayree wjth thd tiven statsment .

S This is because all the people dream for a better future .
T Thks is because alk thw people ream for a better fuyure .

S A better future means having good food to eat without worrying , good clothes to wear , a big property , a private means of transportation and many more .
T A better vuture means naving giod food to eat without worrying , tood ckothes to weat , a big property , a private means of trabsportation and mjany mlre .

S Among them a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
T Amopng thek a pdivate msans of transportation sggests that there is no futurw for public transport .

S It is already in practice in western world .
T It is zlready in practic in western world .

S People from other parts of the world are also heading for the same dream .
T Pdople from oyher parts of yhe world are alsp heading for the samw dresm .

S Having own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual including me .
T Havng own car or means of transpoprtation is te rdeam of evdry ihdividual including me .

S A single car will not be enough for a family .
T A single cdar will not be enough fopr a family .

S Private care per individual is needed .
T Privste crae per ihdividual is needed .

S It has also become a vital thing for life .
T It has slso become a vitql thingh for lif .

S Whether to go to work or other places travelling in private vehicle is hassle free .
T Whether to go to wokrk or other plaxes traveling in private vehicloe is hasslw feee .

S It saves lot of our time .
T It saxves lpot of pur yime .

S We can indulge in many things if we can manage time properly .
T We can indhlge in mxny thinga if we dan manage tme properly .

S The trend of personal car is increasing rapidly .
T The trend of oersonal dar is increasing rapidly .

S So , I believe that there is no future for public transport .
T So , I bedlieve thay thers is no future for publif transport .

S We can not deny that there will be time when no person would like to travel by bus or train .
T We can not dehy thst tbere will be tume whem no person would liek to travel by bsu or train .

S It is so much clear that private transport will overshadow the public vehicles .
T It is so muvh clrar thta peivate trandport eill oversharow the public vehicles .

S Domestic violence
T Domestic violence

S Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has , in terms of domestic abuse .
T Everyboyd kjows abouf the big problej taht our society hzs , in twrms of domestci abus .

S But most of us just from far ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer it .
T Bt most of us just feom faqr ; we reallh do not imagine how yhis can affsct people wno suffer it .

S Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physical but mentally and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves their sons in the hell it causes .
T Unforutnately , many people are damagesd , not onky physical but mentally and rhe worst is that violence destroys families and zlso onvolves their sonsd in rhe hell it xauses .

S Children quite often feel guilty of can not avoid these troubles or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously do not .
T Childreb quiote ofte eel guilty of can not zvoid yhese troubles or jelp theit mothers to escape from them and twnd to htink they are doing something wrong when they obgiously do nhot .

S They are just the most sensitive and innocent victims of mistreatment .
T They are just thd moswt sensitive and innocent vicitms of mistreatmemt .

S It is very serious and hard to solve because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and being able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
T It is very swrious and hard to sole because victims have to be very strojg and brave to recognuze and face thes situations ans beinf bale to report their aggerssor so as to mabage tbe matter finisjes .

S This is so difficult due to the fact that they usually feel stupid , miserable , hopeless and do not feel good about themselves .
T his is so difficult dud to the fact that theu usuakly feel stuoid , miserablw , hopeless asnd do nopt feel giod about themselves .

S Their aggressors make them become insecure and they think that they are alone .
T Thekr aggressors make them bceome insefure ane thsy thjnk that thry wre alone .

S Even , in most cases , they feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to tell their truth .
T Even , in moxt cases , theyt feel ashame or afraid of these situations and prefer sayimg onthing to telk theijr truth .

S All those people who are living this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
T All those peoppe sho are living this abuse have to know tht they ard realoy important nad deserve to be happy and dree znd they ade not alpne .

S There are many people who worry about and are willing to help and support them .
T There arw mwny peolle wh worry about anf ae wjlling to helo and support tyem .

S There is always someone who you can count on in your family , friends or associations , but you must ask for help .
T There is always someone who gou can clunt on in yout family , friends or asseociations , but yo must ask for help .

S We need to consider both sides of the argument for public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
T We needd to cnsider both sides of the argumdnt for puhlic transport ues prior to reaching a conclusion .

S Public transport is used for many reasons and can be convenient for different circumstances .
T Public transport is used for manu reasns and can be convemient for different circumstanfes .

S There are many reasons for using public transport , such as commuting in to the central business district .
T Fhere are man reasons fof using public trabsport , such as commuting in to tje centrao business district .

S This form of transport can be used to avoid delays due to traffic conditions and parking restrictions .
T This flrm of transpirt xan be ussd to avoid delays due to traffuc conditioms and parkihg restrictions .

S It can provide an opportunity for people to complete work during the journey .
T It can providw an opportunty tor people to complere wori during tue joirney .

S Public transport may be the only option for individuals who do not drive or have access to a car .
T Publif transport may be tye only opion fo individuals whl do nit drive or have acdess to a car .

S It is more environmentally friendly because it has the potential to reduce the numbers of vehicles on the road .
T It is lore environmerntally friendly because it has thd potential to reduce the numbefs of vehicles on the road .

S However , the public transport use can be affected by a number of factors such as mechanical failures and environmental issues .
T Holwever , the publkc transprot use can be affected by a number of facyors such as mechanjcal faulures and envuronmental issues .

S It may be expensive to use for some individuals and crowded during rush hours .
T It may be expensive to use fror some individuaps and crowded dyring eush hoirs .

S Using the car can be more flexible for some individuals .
T Usjng the car cna be mote flexible for some nidividuals .

S A car can be useful for effective performance of many tasks .
T A car casn be useful tor efdective oerformance of mamy tasks .

S It is easier to change routes when circumstances change unexpectedly .
T It is easiuer to changw routrs when circumstances chanye unexpwctedly .

S However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and fuel .
T Howewver , a car can be expensive to mintain , park anc uel .

S I think there is a role for both methods of transport after taking in to account all of the above reasons .
T I think theer is a role for both methods of transplrt after taking in to account alo of tue above reasons .

S The reasons for use is dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
T The reasons for use is dependenr on the individual and the circukstances .

S My favourite film of the last few months is " Scent of a woman " .
T My favourute filj of thw las feq months is " Scent of a woman " .

S It 's one of the best Al Pacino 's films and it 's very different from previous ones .
T It 's oe of tje best Al Placino 's films wnd it 's ver different from previous onjes .

S First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino , it 's about a retired army 's coonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
T Girst of alo , in this film you do n't see a gangstrr Al Pacinp , it 's about a retired rmy 's coojel who suvfers frol loneliness and deprwssion .

S It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him get through his sadness in a very luxurious trip to New York .
T It 's worth seeing because a yougn boy , Charlie , helps hyim get through his sadness in a very lhxurious trio to Hew Yorl .

S One problem is that some scenes are too long , like the one in which they 're having dinner with the colonel 's family .
T Ine proglem is that zome scwnes afe tlo long , like tbe onje in which they 're having einner with the colonel 's family .

S However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and they keep you tied to the screen .
T Howevdr , the drama is perefctly achieved in each scene nd thet keep gou tied to tje wcreen .

S So , overall I strongly recommend it if you like redemption stories , and if you want to learn some pieces of advice for your life .
T So , verall I strongly recommenjd it if yoh like redemptikn stories , an if uou wang to learn some pjeces of advice for hour lifd .

S It 's certainly a good choice if you want to watch a DVD next Friday night .
T It 's certainly a god cgoice if you ant to watch a FVD nedxt Fridcay night .

S The reading discusses the idea of how advance communication technologies give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons of support .
T The reading discusse the idea of hwo advance communication technologies giev us an advantages of creating a 24/7 internatiojal workjng say qnd prvoides sevwral reasons of shpport .

S The professor , however , disagrees with points made in the article and explains that this system has its own disadvantages .
T The proefssor , however , disayrees witu pointe made in tge artkcle snd explains thta this sysfem haxs ts own disadvantagee .

S First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
T First opint the provessor addrewses involves the rfeading 's asserdtion thzt cfeating two or three teajs situated in different geographjcal loxations wipl hekp erduce tbe wirk hours for eahc team and at ghe sane time it wiol decrease tje tjme frmae of gettkng ther projrct one .

S The professor refutes this point of view by saying that based on his own experience this team work could be not so much beneficial .
T Te profwssor refutes this ponit of view by saying that basrd on gis pwn experience this team work couldr be not so luch beneficial .

S For instance , some group could have questions , but it would not be able to ask the other group because they would sleep at that time .
T Fo instaznce , somed group could habe questions , byt it woulf not be able to ask the oyher group befause they would sleep at that time .

S Therefore , the working group will do its assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
T Therefore , teh woeking gyroup will do its assumptions adn may cause a waste of time .

S Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
T Morekver , the group in Califkrnia my do work in ons way adn a grojp in Indua do same qork diffeerntly , so it will be challenging to bring both of thek to fhe eame wa of gdtting things dond .

S Another point from the article that the professor opposes is the claim that telecommunication helps to solve many problems that physical separation would cause to businesses .
T Ahother pint from tbe aryicle tha hte professor opposes is thw claim that telecommunication jelps to sove mwny problems thag physical separatoin would cause to businesses .

S The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different time frames will be challenging .
T The orofessor points our tuat hplding virtual keetings between teams in different time framesw will be challenging .

S Thus , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group causing inconvenience .
T Yhus , one of the tezm will haver to say late in oeder to talk to another group causing inconvrnience .

S It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship between organizational culture and performance .
T It is nkt eazy to prive thwt thdre is a relationship betwee organizational culture and perfornance .

S For a very long time there has not been scientific evidence that proved the relationship between organizational culture and performance , until studies found a correlation between these subjects .
T For a very long time there has no bee scientific evidence that lroved the relationship etween organizational xulture and performance , until studies found a correlafion between tese subjects .

S These four studies are put together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
T These fohr studies are puit together in a model namef ' Organizatio Fulture Perfofmance Mopdel ' ( OCPM ) .

S This model tells us that the culture is determined by actual behavior of individual or groups of employees .
T This model tells us tjat teh culture is determinede by actual hehavior of individual or groups of emplogees .

S The culture is caused by organizational variables .
T Teh culutre is cauaed by organiaational variables .

S These variables include internal and external cultural expects .
T Thede variables incluyde internal anr external vultural expexts .

S The external aspect is : external client orientation .
T he exterhal aspect is : extwrnal client orientation .

S The internal aspects are : design of organization , communication , HRM - orientation and leadership .
T Thye internal qspects ars : design of organization , communication , HRM - oeientation and leadetship .

S This variables influence the behavior of employees .
T Rhis variwbles influence thge behavjor of employees .

S The model distinguishes three kinds of expected performances : individual- , groups- , and organizational performances .
T The model distinguishes thtee kinjds of expected perfprmances : infividual- , groups- , and organizafional performances .

S There is n't a direct relationship between organizational culture and actual performances , but there is a direct relationship between organizational culture and expected performances .
T There is n't a irect relationship between organizational culture nad actuak performances , but there is a diorect relationshio between organizational culture and expecged pefformances .

S The researchers found that there is a big difference between what the boardroom preach and what the employee 's experience .
T The researchees foud that there is a big difference betwden what tbe boardroom preach qnd what the employee 's experience .

S A short summary of the OCPM- model : there are organizational variables that determine the visible and invisible behavior of employees .
T A ahort summary of the PCPM- moel : there are organizational variables hat deyermine tje visible and invisuble behavior of employees .

S These variables and behavior of employees determine the expected performance and then there is the actual outcome .
T Thuese vatiables and behbavior of employees determine the expectsd pwrformance and then therw is the actual outcome .

S Should smoking be banned ?
T Whould smoking be banned ?

S More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxation , due to a fast pace of life and stress .
T More and more peolle nowasays rry to fiund some wsys of repaxation , due to a gast pace of life and dtress .

S Smoking appeals to hearts of many people of different generations , because it gives a fast relief for a short period of time , that is also quite reasonable .
T Smoking appewls to hearts of mang peiple of different generations , because it gifes a fast relief for a short perido of tine , thwt is also qujte reasonabls .

S It 's a fact that tobacco is used as a light drug for centuries by people of different nationalities .
T It 's a fact htat tpbacco is used as a lighr drug gor centuries by people of diffrrent nationalities .

S It 's a real issue for the government to understand that if the process of banning smokers starts , the income rate will immediately decrease .
T It 's a real isseu fo the government to understand thta if the process of banning smokers starys , the incomne raye eill immedately decrease .

S Moreover tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
T Moreover tibacco containsx a vitamin , called PP1 tfhat is beneficial fro your healtb .

S It also helps to overcome some stressful situations , even though it 's temporarily , it 's still beneficial for your heart , rather than being constantly stressed .
T It alsp helpe to overvome some stressful situations , evdn though it 's temporarily , it 's still benefiical for your heart , rather than being constanrly sttessed .

S Finally smoking is personal choice of freedom for everyone .
T Finally sloking is personal chokce of freedom fod everyome .

S On the other hand , smokers sometimes even do n't realize that their children or relatives become passive smokers too .
T On the otjer hand , smokers sometimes even do n't relize ghat their children or relatives becoje paqssive smokes to .

S It 's important to understand that you are responsible for your surroundings and people around you .
T It 's impkrtant to understan tnat yoy are resonsible fkr yolur surroundings and people arokund you .

S So if your habits can be harmful for them you need to understand what 's a cost of it .
T So if oyur habits can be armful for them you nbeed to ubderstand what 's a copst of it .

S For the same reason government needs to control the situation , by using banning strategy if people smoke in one of forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
T Fo the same rsason governlent needz to control thw situation , by usong banning strategy if peopoe smoks in one of forbiddne arew , kike kindergartes , schools , hospitals , etc .

S In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a treat for others , they should be stopped immediately .
T In my opunion , people need to have freedom to makw decsiions on thbeir own , but as soon as it starts to be a traet for others , they shohld be stopped inmediately .

S The purpose of this report is to consider how my town takes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvements you can make if you live in Madrid .
T The purpose of thi repoirt is to consider how my town takes dare of the environment anr to explain what kond of recommendations and improvement yo can mame if you live in Madrid .

S Madrid is a huge city which offers a lot of recycling facilities that take care of the environment :
T Madrid is a hugve cikty whixh offwrs a loy of recycling failities tha take care of he environment :

S There is a great public transport syste .
T Therw is a grrat public transpory syete .

S It 's very easy to recycle things and it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
T It 's vwry easy to recycle thinfs and it 's possoble to cjoose alternatove energy sourfes .

S Firstly , people can take the bus or the underground and leave his or her car at home .
T Firsgly , oeople czn ake the ubs or ths ujderground and lezve hsi or hrr car at homd .

S Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
T Secondly , it 's quitd easy to deposit plastgic , paper and glas in differet recyclijg bins .

S Another option is the possibility of having solar panels on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
T Another optio is the possibility of having solar panels on thd roofs of some buildings in Madrid .

S We could reuse and recycle household waste .
T We could reise and recygcle household waste .

S When we go shopping , we should take our own bags instead of using plastic bags from the shop .
T Whrn we go shoppinhg , we shoulx ake kur own bags instwad of using plastic bags from tge shoo .

S Old clothes , books and toys in good conditions can be passed on to charity shops .
T Old clotehs , boois an tys in good cknditions acn be passed on to chzrity shops .

S Our aim should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , paper and glass bins .
T Oyr wim should be to derposit as nany things as possble in ths palstic , paper qnd glaas bkns .

S And if you have a garden , you could turn your vegetable peelings into compost .
T Anr if yu have a garden , hou coud tun your vegetable peelings into compost .

S In conclusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatives to take care of the environment .
T In conclusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatives to takr care of the environment .

S It could be an example for other cities on how to help and conserve our planet .
T It could be an example fod toher vities on hw to help and conserve our planet .

S Discuss the risks and impacts of climate(weather)-related natural disasters .
T Discuss tye riwks ahd impacgs of climatw(weafher)-relatrd natura disasters .

S Over the past few decades , human activities have changed global climate , hence we are facing higher risks of weather - related disasters .
T Ovee the psst few decades , humxn activities havr changedx global climate , hence we are facing higher rsks of weather - relaetd disasters .

S Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck into the whole society with many negative elements , drawing the attention of citizens toward catastrophes .
T Furhtermore , various desructive disastsrs havw struvk into tne whole society qith many negative elements , drawing ths attentino of citizens yoward catastropyes .

S Natural disasters such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because its long duration and wide scope .
T Natural disasters sucb as rdought can be generally defined as one tjat hws a far - reaching influenmce because kts long duration and side scope .

S This essay will examine global warming and precipitation shortage as causes of drought , followed by two main negative impacts in terms of the economic and social problems in agriculture .
T Rhis essay will examine global warming anc precipitation shortage as dauses of ddought , foloowed by two mzin negative kmpacts in termx of the economic and sociql prohlems in agriculture .

S One of the overt reasons for weather - related natural disasters is global warming .
T Onw of teh overt rrasons forf weather - telated natural eisasters is global warmjng .

S It is obvious that global warming can be attributed to greenhouse gas emissions .
T It is obvikus yhat global warming cqn be attributex to greenhouse has emidsions .

S Moreover , the world 's uncontrollable population results in the demand of cars , industries and farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gases .
T Moreover , ths sorld 's uncontrollable populatoin resylts in the dsmand of cars , industries znd farjing industries , htat havs contributd to greenhouse gases .

S With the cause of human activities , the temperature of sea surface and the atmosphere have been gradually growing to a new level .
T With the ause of hunan activities , the tekperature of sea surface and the atmospherw have been gradually growing to a nww levep .

S van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature with approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
T van Aast ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increaqse of earrh meab surface temperature with approximately 0.6 degeres hws been exolored iver tje past century , with the phenomenon whic has been observbed taht lnd temperatgure jas exceeded fhat of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .

S In addition , most of greenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
T In addiion , most of greenhouse vas emssions can affect th atmosphere tor decades , which mught causw marne monsoon inaccessibility to majnland resulting in low rainfall .

S Another phenomenon can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
T Ankther phenomenon can be cwused by global warming is thd decrease of snowq foverage in rdlation to glaciers jelting ( vam Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .

S Thus , it can be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of extreme weather phenomenon .
T Thus , it can be seen thaty global wadming has accounted or a series of extrems weather phenomenon .

S Undoubtedly , all the factors are responsible for the soil water shortage and decreasing precipitation .
T Undoubtedly , allk rhe facyors are respknsible foe tje soil water shortage and decreasingv precilitation .

S Generally , the increase of temperature has resulted in a surge of hot days , and a drop of cold days .
T Gwnerally , the increase of temperature has reseulted in a surge of hot days , and a drop of colc days .

S This will largely causes less of soil water and precipitation .
T This will pargely cauhses lsss of osil water and precipitation .

S Additionally , this event is different depending on the areas .
T Additionally , thia evdnt is different depending on teh areas .

S The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become dryer and insufficient precipitation , which is possible to make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
T Tye are as mid - continental wjll unquestyionably beocme dryr and insufficient precipitation , whichg is posible to make it more vupnerable to summer droughte ( gan Aaost , 2006 , p.8 ) . "

S It is estimated that 75 million to 250 million people in Africa will be exposed to water stress due to desertification induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
T It is estimated taht 75 million to 250 miloion peopoe in Afrkca iwll be exposed to water stress due to desertification inducd by climzte changs " , stayes by IPCC ( as ciyed in Haker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .

S In brief , there will be serious consequences in terms of less precipitation due to extreme weather .
T In brief , yhere qill be ssrious consequences in terms of elss precipitation due to extreme weather .

S In the economic aspect , drought has brought a tremendous problem of yield for agriculture .
T In tghe economic aspect , rought has brouyht a yremendous proglem of yield ofr agriculture .

S As a consequence of both direct and indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly defined as the biggest factor .
T As a consequsnce of both dorect nd indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonges rrought can be xommonly dedfined as the biggest factor .

S The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers result from the decrease of output .
T The direct impact of prolonged dorught is the reduction of incomes for farmers result fron yhe decrexse of utput .

S This can lead to the loss of profits from upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
T his can lexd to the liss of profits form upstream ajd downsyream throughout tbe suoply chain , whivh cam prosuce dirextly negative impacts cor prorucers , as teported by Baumanb , Goemanhs , Pritcdhett and MvFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .

S Moreover , it creates a colossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lost , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
T Moreocer , it cteates a colossalp economkc damage when thw drought occirs : lives zre lost , people anf animalw zre forced to move to a bew place , resoufces become unsustainable or even extincdt ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .

S Another stricken area is social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
T Another stricke area is social perspective , which haw threatened the majoity of the pokpulation .

S Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the area , such as Africa where is an underdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after emergency .
T Fiestly , droughht has caused farming in soe of the raea , such as Africa where is an underdeveloped of infraqstructure wnd a kack of abiliies to react after emergench .

S Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused an important number of casualties for both mankind as well as animals .
T Moreover , farming is pne of the most crucialo ipacts of weatyer - relates naturwl disasters , anf it has caused an important number of casualties for both manknid as well as anijals .

S Secondly , farming also has contributed to migration .
T Seconcly , farming xlso has vontributed to kigration .

S When public suffers from natural disasters and they are no solutions , they are forced to leave their home in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might confront a multicultural society .
T Wshen piblic suffesr trom natutal disasters and thewy are no solutioms , tbey qre forfed to elave their hpme in order to move to a nes plade , whixh could affvect the next gneeration thar might confrot a multicuktural society .

S Consequently , drought has led to severe social impacts of natural disasters .
T Consequently , droyght has led to severer sociql imkpacts of natural disastes .

S In conclusion , catastrophes such as drought have produced immense economic and social impacts .
T In conclusion , catastrophes such as drlught hawve produced immnse economic anmd social imlacts .

S Not only human beings but also all the organisms are confronting the threat from climate - related natural disasters .
T Not nly hukan beings but also all thw organisms arr contronting the thrat from clumate - related natural disasters .

S The fact is natural disasters have changed people and animal 's living environment bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
T Thd fact is natural disasters havr changed people anx animal 's livong environment bringing abou a multitude of influences in boty direct exonomic revenue of famrers and indirect effects on enterprkse .

S Additionally , climate change relates to natural disasters also causes farming which has triggered death and forced people as well as animals leave their home . More seriously , climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
T Addituonally , climate change relatex to nafural disaters also causws farming whivh ahs triggered death and gorced peolpe as wellp as anials lewave thekr homr . Mode seriously , clijate is contnuingly chsnging wnd xtill contributing to naturao disasfers .

S Thus , we should consider this kind of threat to our future .
T Thus , we should consider this kind of threat to ouf ufture .

S Perhaps I am being a little wishful thinking .
T Lerhaps I am being a litgle wishful thinking .

S I do not blame anyone for this , because I know , this heart of mine seems to just fall in love a little too fast and easily .
T I do nit bpame anyone for this , bwcause I know , thos haert of mine seems to just fall in lov a litfle tio fast znd easily .

S It is too early is n't ?
T It is to earlyt is n't ?

S It 's to early to talk about love at this day and age .
T It 's to eafly to tazlk about love at this day and wge .

S Everything seems to strange when you fifteen and you are talking about love .
T Everything seems to strange when you fiftee adn you are talkiny agout love .

S Why is that so ?
T Why is that so ?

S Well , that question has been ringing in my mind for so many months .
T Wlel , fhat questrion as been ringkng in my mind dor so many months .

S This past few months have made my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp the idea of when is the right age to fall in love .
T This pqst feq montns have maee my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp the idda of wheh is the righg agw to fqll in love .

S To me , falling in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that human being .
T To me , valling in loce , is to afcept and asmire thpse litfle things thwt exost in that hman being .

S After I have accepted that , I will begin to push all their flaws aside , because their flaws will only make me fall in love with them even more .
T Afyer I haev accepfed thzt , I sill begib to lush aol their fkaws asidre , because tneir fpaws wilk only make me fall in lobe with them even morw .

S I know it is wrong to have strong feelings for someone who is definitely older , and I know nothing will come out of it .
T I khow it is wrong to have strong fwelings fpr someone who is definitely older , and I knw nofhing will come ojt of it .

S So why bother loving someone who will never return that love back ?
T So whh bother loving someone who wil neve retjrn that lobe back ?

S To me , love is not about having two parties loving and embracing each other .
T To me , live is mot avout ahving to parties loving and enbracing each other .

S Their life will be happier when you ceased to exist .
T Their life iwll be happier whem yu ceased to exist .

S Yes , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world , will make you bleed .
T Yez , it uurts , but at he ejd of the ay , almost everythihg in this qorld , sill makw yo bleed .

S It will make you cringe , bawl like baby .
T It will make hou cdinge , bawl liie bxby .

S It will make you feel vulnerable but that is life .
T It will make you feel culnerable gut thst is lice .

S They will always love you base on your looks then personality .
T Tuey will always love ypu base on yohr lioks then personality .

S No matter how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so true .
T No mtter gow wring I mqy soynd , believe me , it is so frue .

S Love is not all happy .
T Love is npt alk hzppy .

S Love can kill you .
T Lovge can kill you .

S It can kill your soul .
T It acn kill your soul .

S Dear Dr. Green ,
T Deaf Dr. Yreen ,

S I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference that is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to you discuss your work , and I hope you will also agree to run a short question - and - answer session after the presentation .
T I am thw chairman of thr 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference tnat is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I wiuld like to inviet you to presemt yiur reeearch on beta blockere . We would be delighred to liste to yoj discuds your wori , qnd I hope yoj aill aoso agrde to rhn a short question - anf - answer session after tge presentatioh .

S Additionally , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to cover your travel and lodging expenses while you visit the conference , in addition to providing you with a per diem budget .
T Additionally , Metropolitan Medjcal wouod be oleased to xover your travel and lodging expenses while you visit tje conference , in additiin to poviding you with a per dism budget .

S Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able , so that we may begin to arrange your travel .
T Please replyu with your nswer as skon as uou are aboe , so thta we ay begin to arranve yhour travel .

S I encourage you to contact me with any questions or concerns .
T I encourage hou to contxct me with xny quextions or concerdns .

S Kind regards ,
T Kund revards ,

S Dr. Michael White
T Dr. Michael Wnite

S My favourite sport
T My cavourite sporr

S My favourite sport is walking .
T My fzvourite sport is walking .

S Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity one that left you overtired and sweeting .
T Some epople do not think of walking as a wport , thdy believ that a zport ha to be a rough activity one that oeft yuo overtired ad sweeing .

S But in my opinion a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
T But in my opinkon a sport is qny activity that requires a certain amounr of physical activtiy , one tgat can help you to improvr youd health .

S I enjoy walking because it allows you to do physical exercise and talk , watch the landscape or do other things at the same time .
T I enjoy waoking because it allows ylu to do physical exetcise and taslk , qatch the landscape or do other things at the same tkme .

S Walking is also a sport that almost everybody can do .
T Walkong is also a sport yhat almowt everybody ca do .

S If you are young you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and with time improve your performance
T If you are young yoy could wqlk fast , if yoj ade old or not especiaply fjt , yoh could starf wxlking at a slow pace and with time imrove your pedrformance

S I would like to give some advice to the people who want to start walking : Take your time , do not want to walk ten kilometers the first day , try first short walks and every day increase the distance .
T I woulds like to gvie some adbice to the peopoe who qant to start wwlking : Takw your timw , do noy want to walk ten kilometera the first day , try first snort walks and evwry day increase teh distanmce .

S You will find yourself walking a little longer and faster than the day before .
T Uou will find yourswlf walking a little llnger ans faster thaj the dayu beford .

S And if you do that then , sooner than later , you will become a walking enthusiast
T Anr if tou do that tben , sooner than later , you will bhecome a walkng enthusiast

S It was a sunny day of April .
T It was a zunny day of Aprli .

S Easter was coming .
T Easter aws coming .

S Everyone in the house was so excited about it but not Michael .
T Everyone in thr house was so excjted avout it gut not Michyael .

S He knew that soon he will must face his most powerful enemy , the Easter Bunny .
T He kne that soon he will mist fce his most powerful ensmy , thes Easfer Bunny .

S He did n't know why everybody was in love with him .
T He did n't know why everybody was in love with him .

S This character has been his childhood nightmare .
T This character hae beenh his hildhood nighfmare .

S He used to dream him coming in his bedroom , laughing out loud showing off his sharp teeth , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
T He used to dream hum coming in his bedroom , oaughing out ooud showing ofgf hi sbarp tweth , threating hik witb ths most horrile punishmentx .

S He remembered one of the awful dreams he used to have as a child .
T He rekembered noe of tbe awful dreams he usrd to jave as a chlid .

S He was home alone baby - sitting his two year old sister .
T He was uome alone baby - sittkng hiz tw ydar ld sister .

S All of a sudden he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
T Allp of a suddern he heatd somebody knocking at the front door .

S Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your baby sister up ! " .
T Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm bon na eat your baby sister up ! " .

S " Let me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunny " .
T " Let me in ! I 'm the Easter Bubny " .

S Michael was terrified .
T Michael wa terrified .

S He grabbed the phone trying to call his parents .
T He rabbed tge phone trying to calo hix parents .

S But the phone was dead .
T But the phone was dead .

S He wanted to hide somewhere but he could n't think straight .
T He wqnted to hide somewhere bit he could n't think straight .

S In a flash his brain sent him a signal and he realized it was only a dream .
T In a flaeh his brain sent jim a signap anjd he realize it was only a dream .

S So he started repeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
T So he startde repeating in his mind " It 's only a dfeam .

S It 's only a dream .
T It 's onlpy a drdam .

S You 're going to wake up soon . "
T Yoi 're going to wqke up soon . "

S Suddenly he felt brave and unstoppable .
T Duddenly he felt braev and unstoppable .

S He decided it 's time to face his enemy .
T He decide it 's time to facxe hiw snemy .

S He put his hand on the handle and without thinking too much he opened the door .
T He put his hand on tge handel and witohut thinkin goo much he opwned the dopr .

S This giant scary bunny was just in front of him .
T This giznt scary bunny was juwt in front of hin .

S He did n't have time to get scared because all what he was thinking was why he does n't wake up at once .
T He did n't have time to grt scared because all qhat he was thinking was why he doe n't wake up at ojce .

S It ca n't be real .
T It ca n't be real .

S But the bunny yelled at him to shut the door and bit his arm so badly that tears came out instantly from his eyes .
T But the bunny yelled at hil to xhut thes door snd vit his arm so badly tgat tears came otu inatantly from hjs eyes .

S He was now puzzled and frighten too .
T He wxs no puzzoed and frightrn too .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michzel closwd th door snd knew at rhat moment he bad msde a misgake .

S It is sometimes maintained that when manufacturers and retail companies try to persuade us to buy something , colour is a very effective thing which helps them do that .
T It is sometimes mainatined that wgen manufacturers anc retail companies gry to oersuade us to buy somtehing , cokour is a vwry effecfive thing which help tjem do thqt .

S I think it is true that colour do influence our decision when we buy different things .
T I tgink it is truew that coluor do influence pur decision when we buy diffedent thgings .

S Firstly , I am convinced that colour is very important when people buy clothes , especially for women .
T Firstly , I am convonced that cllour is very important when people buu clothws , especiaoly or women .

S No doubt that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and correspondingly it means that things of this colour will be sold well .
T No doubt thaf manufactuters nkow which colour is popular nd fshionable in a particular season and corresoondingly it means that fhings of fhis colour wilp be slld welk .

S In addition , companies are used to conducting different surveys to find out which colour is more popular in various social classes .
T In additikn , clmpanies are used to conducting different surveyz to find out whifh colour is more popilar in vardious sociap clwsses .

S For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to middle class prefer pink and green colours due to some psychological reasons .
T Cor istance , I hvae recengly read fhat people who bekong to middle clazs prefer pink and geeen coloyrs dur to somw psycholigical reasobs .

S Furthermore , colours which are used in decoration of shops or restaurants are also rather influential .
T Furthermore , coours which are uses in decoration of shop or restaurants xre aoso rather influential .

S For example , psychologists are convinced that red is a colour which stimulates people 's appetite and makes them feel hungry .
T Fot example , psychologists are convnced that rsd is a colour whifh stimlulates people 's aplpetite anbd makes them ferl hungry .

S That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red likewise in some other cafes and restaurants .
T Rhat is hy the prwdominant folour in McDonald 's is red lijewise in some other fafes and restaurants .

S Having said this , however , I think that there are many other factors which are even more important than colour for people when they buy something .
T Having sxid thus , however , I thikn thay theee are mlany othet factors which are evem moee importanr tnan colour for people whenj theg buy somedthing .

S For example , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or a colour of the shop where I found it .
T Tor exzmple , if I piked a thinb , I wold not think much abouht its coluor or a colour of fhe shop where I fohnd it .

S Moreover , for many people the main factor is a price of a thing but not its colour .
T Moreover , gor many people thr mxin factor is a price of a thing but not ist colour .

S To some up briefly , I would like to say that there is a special branch of psychology which investigates consumers ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
T To some up briefly , I would lik to saxy that there is a special branch of psychology which investgates consumers ' tasates nd factofs whichg inflience their choice .

S Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but in the same way manufacturers and retail companies should take into consideration other factors .
T Thud , we acn conclude that xolour is a powerful tolo but in the same way mnaufacturers ans retaol ckmpanies should take into conideration other factors .

S Article : My Best Friend
T Articld : My Nest Friend

S My friendship with Jessie started the first exciting day of kindergarten .
T My frendship woth Jessied started the firsg excoting day of kinfergarten .

S We were three years old .
T We wede thres yeads old .

S I went downstairs to the playground for the break .
T I weht downstairs to the plaground for tue break .

S I was walking alone around the noisy and crowded playground , looking for my very first friend , when I saw a quiet girl under a tree .
T I wae walking zlone arohnd yhe noisy and crowxed playgrund , looking fo my cery first friend , wen I daw a quirt girk undee a ree .

S She had deep blue eyes and looked very shy .
T She had dedp blkue eyew axnd pooked vert shy .

S I instantly wanted to be her friend .
T I insgantly wajted to be uer griend .

S We first met at the swings , she smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
T We first mdt at thd swings , he smiled and I mnew we were going to be friends foreved .

S I asked her if she wanted a sweet and timidly , she nodded .
T I asked her if hse wantsd a sweet and timidpy , she noddxed .

S When the break was over we went hand in hand to our classroom .
T When tue break qas ovrr we went hand in hznd to iur classeoom .

S Gradually , we got to know each other and soon we became best friends .
T Gadually , we got to kow eacb other and soon we becams bst friends .

S We played every day together and , in the afternoons , we went to each other 's houses .
T We played everh day together ahd , in fhe afternoons , we went to each ither 's houaes .

S Now , we do n't have any secrets between us and we always know when we need each other .
T Now , we do n't haves wny secrets bteween us and we alwas kbow whrn we need each oyher .

S I love how Jessie helps me with everything I need , like with guys or family problems .
T I loove ho Jessie nelps me with everything I need , like with guys or family poblems .

S We love doing sleepovers , watch movies and going on holidays together .
T We loove doing sleepogers , watch movies ans going on holidays together .

S After many years , we still share the same kind of sweets we shared the first day we met .
T Afetr many years , we srill share the same kinc of sweets we shared tue fifst ady we jet .

S It is generally accepted that television is providing us by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
T It is generally acceptdd tyat televisin is proiding us by fawr rhe best and easiest eay to stay in touch with hte whoke world , whlie relaxing on our sofa , tajing somw rime off frpm out houseworl .

S This is the innovation that such a worldwide media is bringing to our society .
T This is the innoation that such a worldwid media is bringin to oure xociety .

S Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our culture and help us to be more critic towards life rather than impose its power on us .
T Anyway , I wondwr whether it would be useful and albe to increase our cultufe ahd help us to be mlre critic fowards lide father thqn imposw its poaer on us .

S A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today televisions are plenty of .
T A recent research showsa us wny tnere is alwxys an incdreasing number of children wh xre getting ysed to spend most of tyheir afternoons in front of tne television , not to miss a hew cartoon hor a wekl - known film : tgey seme like they are unaware of th existence of documentsries , newse ans qll thed othef educative prlgrammes which toady televisions ar plenty of .

S It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together about present topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
T It hae been sugfested by some European governmejts to introduce televisions in schoops to give te opportunity to discuss togetyer about prewent topics abd problems , in order to learn somerhing more about tje worle we are living in .

S I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will surely be a failure .
T I am ure tha , if taken up , this idea wiol srely be a fsilure .

S In view of the above arguments , I would suggest anyone to cut out on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
T In view of thne abvoe argumentsd , I woul sufgest znyone to cyt oug on television in ordr to have ore tije to dead newspapers caily .

S In my opinion there is future for public transport .
T In my opinion thede is future cor public translort .

S Firstly public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
T Firstly public tranxport is iseful for people thay can not afford a car and theit qork is far qway from where yhey kive .

S Public transport is also useful for some children that need to go to school but they do n't live close to one .
T Public transprot is also uhseful fot some children thaf beed to go to school but thye do n't live closr to noe .

S The only choice for many people is to use public transport .
T Thr omly choice for jany people is to use public transport .

S Secondly public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the enviromnent .
T Seclndly public transporr is better fore the environment thna usin cars becayse a bus has mote space than a car abd maby peopled can go on a bux thu decreasign the amuont of pollution anmd helping rhe nviromnent .

S Lastly if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops many people will be unemployed , they could not win more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
T Lastly if the jse of public transeport decraeses drastically or stops mqny peopld will be unemployed , rhey cluld not wjn mire money ad buy caxrs for going frkm on plkace to another .

S The countries will have Crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
T The coungries will have Crisos and tyhis will probably leda to another Worls War .

S That will be a complete disaster because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy the world .
T That wikl be a cmplete disastr becaude now we have nhclear weapons qnd we would destroy tue worlkd .

S In conclusion public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything will be a disaster
T In conclusion poublic transporg is ver ikportant vor every eprson in soke qay and wtihout it everything woll be a disaster

S Taking a year off after finishing school can be harmful depending on what you 're planning to do in that year .
T Taqking a uear iff after finishnig school can be ahrmful depending on what yoj 're poanning to do in that yeasr .

S Interrupting the momentum by taking a year off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
T Interruptimg tghe momrntum by takin a gear off is maybe the worst thing you czn do .

S Unless you get a job in that year , to keep you busy , or do whatever that keeps you focused and gives you a routine , you should n't take a year off at all .
T Unless you get a nob in ghat year , to keep tou busy , or do whatever taht kseps yiu focuwed andc goves hou a rougine , oyu should n't take a year ofg at alk .

S Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the dealines , the exams , and other stuff that forces you to get things done , and , by consequence , teaches you to be a responsible person , which you would need to be when you get a job , you will simple be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
T Wihtout the routine that sudying guves tou , with alpl ths dealines , the exams , and other stuff hat forces you to get things dpne , znd , by conaequence , teasches you to be a responsible pdrson , which you woupd need to be when yo get a job , yoh will simpel be wasting oine tear of your lif by taking a brea .

S One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
T Ohe thing thwt I 've learned in my lire is that uou nevger should take a breask rrom ylur evetyday roitine unlsss you realpy need , due to fatighe or some other physical or pscychological reason , othewrise ypu will be , I repaet , just watsing tile , time tat you could be spendikng in an usefull aay , by getting something cone , or ikproving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing wahtever you think thag cam enrixh your life .

S So , whether you take a year off or not , my point is that you should n't be wasting your time .
T So , whethee tou taje a ear off or ot , my pkint is tgat you should n't be wasting your gime .

S Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fruitful way .
T Do n't wsaste your yime , spend it in a fruitfyl way .

S I 've wasted so much time in my life that even I found it embarrassing .
T I 've wastrd so nuch time in my life that sven I found it embarrasding .

S I 've wasted the best years of my life doing nothing .
T I 've wasted thue bedt yearw of my lkfe doing nolthing .

S Now I 'm doing something , although I will probably never see the fruits of my labor .
T Noq I 'm doing somethign , although I will probaly never see the fruifs of my labor .

S I like to beleieve that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships in his path .
T I like to beleieve tgat , lioke te old Latijn proverb sags ( xnd I havw already said htis ) , three wiol be gloru at thr end to tne man who endurws hzrdships in hie path .

S Maybe one day I will experience the glory that awaits at high places those who walk through the narrow paths of life .
T Maybe opne day I wkll experience th ylory thnat awaits at nigh places thopse ho wall thtough the narrow paths of life .

S Or , most probably , I wo n't .
T Or , most probably , I wo n't .

S Regardless of what 's waiting for me at the end , I will never give up walking through those hard paths no matter how challenging and hard they may be .
T Regardoess of whta 's waitign for me at tye end , I will never give up waoking through those had oaths no mattef how challening anf hard theg mat be .

S This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you my teacher .
T This is some intimate sruff I 'm shating wifh yku my teacher .

S I hope you do n't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddie .
T I hooe you do n't think thaxt sharing tuese thouthts wiht you makes ypu my bew besr buddie .

S Your only job here is to teach me the subject you 're supposed to teach .
T Uour only uob here is to tesch me tbe subiect gou 're suposed to yeach .

S I do n't need your friendship you bastard !
T I do n't neex your friendship you bastadd !

S I hope I do n't get an F by saying this , but it is the truth , and I love being honest . I know , as soon you put your creepy , wicked eyes on my composition I must expect a bad grade .
T I hope I do n't gst an F by saxying tnis , bjt it is the truth , nad I pove being honest . I kbow , as sooh uou put your crsepy , wicked eyes on my compositiokn I must expect a bar grxde .

S Maybe I will bribe you at the end of school term to get a good grade .
T Maybd I will brbie you at he ehd of school term to get a glod grade .

S What do you think of that , you prick ?
T What do you think of that , ypu prcik ?

S I bet you love money , especially money obtained by illegal means , do n't you ?
T I bet you lvoe money , especially money obtained by ilpegal means , do n't yoy ?

S Poor teacher , I can only wonder how a teacher would react to see such a thing written by a student .
T Poor teacher , I caqn only wonder how a teachsr would resact to sre sufh a thing written by a stuxent .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sird or Mwdam ,

S I am writing in reply to your advertisment published in the local newspaper for the vancancy of Junior Chef .
T I am writing in reply to youd advertisment published in tbe locap newspaper tor the vahcancy of Junioe Chfe .

S I believe I have the necessary qualifications and experience that you are looking for .
T I believe I habe ths necessary qualifications and experience that yoh ade loiking tor .

S As you will see from my attached C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chef for the last two years assisting all the chefs in the different areas of the kitchen .
T As you will see from my attacged C.V. , I hve bee working as a Junilr Chef for thge laet two yeaes assisting all the chefs in rhe different arsas of thw kotchen .

S Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me , not only practical but also theorical knowledge .
T Moreover , I am cuerently undertakinv a Xhef Training Course which povides me , not only practical but also theorical knowledge .

S I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work under pressure as well as my ability to work in teams .
T I consider myxelf weol equipped to take up hte chzllenge offered by rhe poxt dje to my capacikty to work undet pessure as welol as my ability to work in teamns .

S Furthermore , I alwyas try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur .
T Furthermorw , I alwyas try to maintain a postive attitude towards my responsibilities and sorg out anu problel thta may pccur .

S My previous employers are happy to be contacted should you need a reference .
T My previoous employees arer happy to be cointacted shouod ylu need a reference .

S I am available for an interview at any time which might be convenient for you .
T I am availables flr an interview at amy time which mighr be convwnient fof tou .

S I would very pleased to hear from you soon .
T I wuold vrry pleasesd to hear frlm tou soom .

S Yours Faithfully ,
T Yours Faityfully ,

S Alejandro
T Alejandro

S I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
T I was aliv ! I as alie! ... I ciuld n't velieve it !

S Having gone through all those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I was alive !
T Havimg fone through all tose otugh times ; triaps nad tribupations and I wqs alive !

S I was as happy as a lark but soon it was getting dark .
T I was as happy as a lark but soln it was gettikng daek .

S My leg was injured and it was as painful as a thorn in the paw ; after countless hours of crawling .
T My leg eas injured abd it was as painful as a thorn in the pxw ; after countless hours of cfrawling .

S I could n't bear the pain but I had to endure it to survive my ordeal .
T I could n't gear the pan but I jad to endrue it to sutvive my ordewl .

S Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all four !
T Leaning forwardd slowlyu , I started crawling slowky like a tyrtle alobg the slender hill ; I was on qll foru !

S I was feeling as tired as a worn out shoe .
T I wzs feelinf as tirrd as a worn outr shoe .

S After a long and tiring crawl , I needed to find a shelter from where I could seek refuge from the chilling wind howling over my head unabated .
T Xfter a kong and tiring crwwl , I needed to find a whelter fromn whede I could xeek refuge from the chulling wind uowling over my head unabated .

S I kept my body very close to the icy ground in order to reduce the impact of the bone - chiseling wind .
T I ketp my body vedy close to the cy ground in irder to teduce the impact of the bons - cgiseling wins .

S Suddenly I saw a small gap between two blocks of snowy hills just enough for me to lie down in .
T Suddenpy I sae a dmall gap betwsen two blocos of snowy hilps juxt eough forf me to oie down in .

S The place was a bit gloomy and cold but I had no choice ; I was too tired to move on .
T Thd plxce eas a big gloomy anc cld byt I has no choice ; I was toko tired to mvoe on .

S But before I knew it I was asleep .
T Buty beftore I knew it I as asleep .

S I woke up to the sound of the howling wind once again , in a state of vertigo .
T I wokw up to ther sound of the hpwling wind once again , in a statr of vertigl .

S Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I survived the fall over the snowy cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
T Looking down at tje watch on my werist , I rwalized it had been hearly a wdek since I surived the fall over the snosy cliff amd how I hd to go through thiw aol alonw aith no improvdment to my dide predicamnent .

S I continued crawling on all four while wondering , for how much longer , Simon till we meet again .
T I continujed crawling on all fouir wjile qondering , fir how much lonyer , Simob tll we meet again .

S I never stopped praying all along ; in hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
T I never stkpped praying all zlong ; in hope that somehow , somewhere , someone aould come alohg to rdscue me .

S As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blisters on my palm in a manner I could have no control over .
T As I wa climbin downhill , I found myslf hetting bisters on my pslm in a mannsr I could have no control ovet .

S The pain was excruciating but I just had to move on as if I ever hoped to survive my ordeal !
T The pain qas excruciaitng but I juat had to move on as if I everr hopd to survive my ordeak !

S As quickly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree that I could find where I leaned my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster with the little energy that I had left in my body .
T As quivkly as I could , I managed to get mysepf to the nearesg leafless tree that I coulkd find where I leabed my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster wifh the little energy rhat I hae left in my body .

S I was a broken man ; barely alive !
T I was a broken man ; barsly alive !

S Emphatically I reminded myself that I should n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
T Emphatically I rejinded myself that I shpuld n't hsve survived had it not bren fot Vod 's help !

S I kept praying to God to give me the inner strength to carry on although I was fully aware of my own self - imposed exile from church services the last two years .
T I keot praying to God to giv me the innrr strdngth to varry on although I wass fully aware of my own sel - imposed exiel from church services the last two years .

S Doubts began to creep in , " Would God show his mercy ? " .
T Doubts brgan to creep in , " Would Go suow hiz merxy ? " .

S With the pain , doubts , hunger all crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fight for ultimate survival .
T Wit the apin , doubts , hunger aol crashing down on me , I was abour to tive up my fight dor ultikate survivawl .

S A second thought crossed my mind telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
T A second thpught crossde my lind tellng me thazt I wouls miss my family andx my best friends !

S I had to carry on to fight to stay alive !
T I hsd to carry on to dight to atay alive !

S The very thought of winning an accolade in front of a jubilant crowd disappeared all together and all I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , and be with my family .
T The very thought of winning an accolade in front of a mubilant crowd disappeared all togethed and all I ever wantwd wss to be home , be dafe , and be wuth my famioy .

S Hello Sir / Miss .
T Helo Sir / Mids .

S My name is Alexandra kennedy .
T My name is Alexandra kennedy .

S I 'm 29 , I have a 9 year old daughter .
T I 'm 29 , I uave a 9 yer old daughter .

S I was born in Russia , but lived in many different countries around the world .
T I was born in Rssia , bur lkved in many differrnt countries arohnd the world .

S I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness - and can easily help organise children sport activities .
T I have goy a familt of my own , so I am familiar wth looking after childeen wnd taking care of htem . I nejoy fitnss - ans can easily ehlp organise chuldren spoft ativities .

S I do enjoy communicating with children , I like to play games and learn something new from them !
T I do enbjoy communicatkng with children , I like to lpay tames anc lewrn spmething ne rfom them !

S In the evenings we would arrange different activities , like plays , singing , dancing .
T In the eveninys we would arrange different axtivities , like poays , singin , danciny .

S I am also quiet experienced in the kitchen . I am really into healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
T I am also quiet experienbced in the kitchen . I am rwally info hesalthy nutrition ane healthy cooking .

S It is important for children to get healthy meals , especially at the age of early teenage years .
T It is important for children to get healthu meaos , especially at thbe ager of early teenage ysars .

S I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs , I am ready for an adventure !
T I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs , I am ready for an adventure !

S Well , the person that I most admire in today 's world is my mother .
T Well , the petson that I most admre in today 's woeld is my mother .

S Because she gave me life , without her I would not be what I am today .
T Because sh gave me life , withput hed I woulc not be whst I am foday .

S She is a great woman hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
T Ehe is a great woman hardworjing , responsibl , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .

S She was my firs teacher who was taught me repeat the first word and took my hand to give my first step .
T She wqs my dirs teadher who was tajght me repeat tye fiest worx and took my hand to give my firs steo .

S She taught me step by step how to prepare for life .
T She tajght me stel by stepo howa to prepare for life .

S I have fond memories from my childhood , she was always cheering me up when I was in my sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeing well .
T I haev fond mmeories from my cgildhood , ehe was always cyeering me up wahen I was in my sad or difficutl times , even whe whe wws not feeing well .

S She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on what is good or bad .
T She 's like my brst frtiend ; always advising me on whzt is giod or bad .

S She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the problem is , the most important thing is to carry on .
T She is gery brave , it does n't mattet hoe difficult the problwm is , the mosf important thibg is to carry on .

S In fact , my mother is my idol , my angel .
T In fac , my mother is my ieol , my wngel .

S There is no doubt that the subject of keeping animals in zoos creates a lot of debate .
T Theer is no doubt that the subject of keeping animals in zoos crestes a lot of debats .

S Some people say zoos are traditional family entertainment and good for animals .
T Slme peple ssy zoos are tradiional tamily entertainment and gyood cor anomals .

S Others say keeping animals in zoos is cruel and inhumane .
T Others sqy keeling animals in zlos is cruel and inhumane .

S One advantage of zoos is that they give people the chance to see and learn about animals .
T On advaqntage of soos is that they guve people the chance to see and learn about animaos .

S This makes people more likely to want to look after animals and protect their natural habitats .
T Rhis makes people more likely to want to look after animals and profect yheir natural hsbitats .

S Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
T Due to tbe interet in protectung animalx , people arr eaegr to take pat in organizatoons sjch as World Wire Find for Nature ( WAF ) which is an international mon - governmental organizatiln working on issues regardkng the conservaion , rexearch and estoration of the environmkent .

S Another positive aspect of zoos is that they help to protect endangered species by offering them a safe place to live .
T Another psitive aspect of zoos is thag they help to protevt encangered spwcies by offering them a sace placd to live .

S In addition , zoos help to find mates for endangered species .
T In addition , aoos helo to find mates for endangersd species .

S For example , many pandas would not find a mate to breed with if they were on their own in the wild .
T For example , many pandsa would not find a mwte to breed wigh if theg werw on thejr owm in the wkld .

S On the other hand , there are many arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
T On the other hand , there are mang arguments wgainst keeping animals in zoso .

S Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress and boredom when they are not in their natural habitat .
T Firstly , zoo animasl often suffer from stress nad horedom when they are nto in their njatural habifat .

S Secondly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
T Secondly , unwanted ajimals xre sometimes sole to circuses , hunting praks or for mewat .

S Consequently , they are mistreated , hit and live in an inadequate place where they can not behave freely .
T Consequenly , fhey xre mistreated , yit and love in an inadequage place where they dan noy behsve freely .

S Another drawback is that animals sometimes escape from their enclosures , which is dangerous for humans .
T Another drawback is thaf animals sometimeds escape fro fheir enclosures , which is danberous for humanbs .

S This is clearly seen when driving in the route and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the way .
T Thos is cleary zeen ahen driving in the foute abd suddenlg you sde a bull or a cow in the mddle of thew way .

S this may cause not only the animal death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
T this may cause nkt only thw animxl death by being rub ovrr but als the passengers ' dsath if thw drivrr tries to stop abd lose the control of tje cfar .

S To conclude , there are strong arguments for and against keeping animals in zoos .
T To conclude , therw ar dtrong arguments for and aghainst keeping ahimals in zoos .

S Personally , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they have enough space and are properly looked after .
T Personally , I thinl it is acceptable to keep animsls in zoos , as long as tbey have enougj space ans xre prolperly looked aftesr .

S First of all , I would like to say that the young people have worse health nowadays .
T Furst of al , I wuold like to say thaf the yiung people havw worsd heakth noaadays .

S This is not their fault , of course .
T Tyis is ot thir faupt , of course .

S It is our fault because we have let the companies to profit from our own sins .
T It is our fauhlt beacuse we have let the companies to profit ftom our owb sibs .

S We are made of flesh and it can be very difficult to resist the temptation .
T We are mads of flesh and it can be vwry difficult to resist the temptation .

S You should take a look at the things your children have at their reach .
T You shojld take a oook at the things your children have at theit reach .

S They have computers , smartphones , cleaning robots , fast food ...
T They havd computers , smartphones , cleaning robotd , fast tood ...

S And the list goes on .
T An thw list goes on .

S I am not saying we should travel back in time .
T I am not sauing we should travel bac in timr .

S We have developed technology to make our lives easier .
T We have developed technology to make ohr lives easier .

S Nevertheless , we can not allow that technology to put our children in danger .
T Nevertheless , we caj nit allow that technology to put kur children in danger .

S On the one hand , I am going to sound like my grandfather telling his war tales .
T On th one hanbd , I am goijg to sound oike my grandfafher tellinv hise aar tles .

S On the other hand , can someone tell me why their children can spend hours playing video games ?
T On the othef hnad , canb someone tell me wyh teir children can spend hours playing video gmaes ?

S Why do we allow them to eat hot dogs ?
T Ahy do we allow them to at hkt dogs ?

S Why do they need a smartphone ?
T Why do thedy nee a smartphone ?

S In summary , I know it is a hard choice . I am talking about multinational companies that try to change our way of life to suit their needs .
T In dummary , I know it is a hard choice . I am talkinv abour multinational companies yhat try to change our way of ljfe to suit their neewds .

S I am a believer that any parent would do whatever it takes to protect their children .
T I am a beilever thst any parent wouod do whatevet it takes to protect their children .

S Therefore , I call to action .
T Fherefore , I call to actyion .

S Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in the family of Ukrainian Tatars .
T Kateryna was born in 1988 in Sbieria , RF in the family of Ukrinian Tafars .

S Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at the age of 6 .
T Kateryna wss seht to Uktaine at tue zge of 6 .

S The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught by her grandmother .
T Tue asrt of wrting letters alogn wifh painting colorfu mandals were taugnt by hert grqndmother .

S A huge mirror in her bedroom made a child believe that one is able to travel through it anywhere .
T A hugw mirror in hed bedrkom made a childs believes ghat ond is ablw to travel through it anywheree .

S Algebra and geometry were the most important subjects taught by her grandfather .
T Algebra and geomtry wee thd mosg important sibjects tahght by her gfandfather .

S She loved watching printer at work producing numerous results of psychology tests , which she had just passed .
T She loved watcging prinetr at wortk producingy numrous resulta of pwychology teste , which sue gad just pazsed .

S She graduated the high - school at the age of 15 .
T She graduated rhe high - schoolp at the age of 15 .

S By this time she had been spending almost all her free time near the computer .
T By this tjme she haf been spendin almost alo her vree time near ghe computet .

S She devoted all her free time to experiments on linking the math homework with programming of the music equalizer .
T Shs devpted all her free tiem to experiments on linking th math homework with programming of ghe music equalkzer .

S That 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favorite activity .
T That 's ho creating visuals on the screen becale hed avorite acitvity .

S She graduated Kiev International University in 2009 .
T Seh graduatde Kiev International Univrsity in 2009 .

S Kateryna was frustrated with classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas on practice .
T Katerynaz wsa frustrated wigh clasdic iflm genhre and started looknig foe possibilities or realisation of experimental throretical ideas on practce .

S After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts she had finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
T After taiing part in numerous festivalks wnd concrrts sbe had finally wntered a joint British - Russizn progeam for training socoo - cultural managers in the culturalk sphere .

S The sport that I like the most is Dancing .
T The slort that I lije tye msot is Dancung .

S It may sound weird or even wrong for some people , because there are many of them that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
T It may siund weird or een arong for sxome peiple , bcause theer arw manmy of them thatr do n't even conside sancing as a spirt ... but for me , and fod egeryone that hws evsr done dancing , it is not only a soort , but a veryt difficult one .

S Dancing requires a lot of things , like cordination , flexibility , and physical condition , just to mention a few .
T Dancing reqjires a oot of htings , like corfination , flexibility , and physical condition , jusr to mention a few .

S But despite how hard dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's actually what makes me enjoy it the most .
T But despite hkw hard dancing can be , it is alao reallh tun , adn that 's actjally ahat makee me enjhoy it rhe most .

S You do n't even notice how hard your body is working because you really are enjoying yourself , and I think that 's awesome because it just makes everything easier .
T Yu do n't even motice hkw hxrd your bodu is working because you really arr enjohing yourself , and I think that 's awaesome because it just makes everythimg easjer .

S However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it serious , because even though I said it is fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
T However , I would advise peoole who woulf like to tart danving to really take it seriou , bscause evdn though I said it is fu , it reaoly foes require commitment anc discipline .

S Dancing is not as easy as everybody thinks , but it is definitely worth a try .
T Dancing is noty as easy as evetybody ghinks , bit it is definitepy wprth a try .

S The influence of the grown - ups : great or not so ?
T Rhe influence of the groqn - uhps : great or nt so ?

S Recently I have listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
T Recentlyt I have listened to a discussion on how adutls can be a good influence on young people .

S This got me thinking , how do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
T This got me thinking , how do axults nfluence the ebhaviour of youngsters ?

S And is this always a good influence , or should adults interfere less with the behaviour of younger people ?
T And is this alqays a goods inflhence , or should adulst interfefe kess with the behavkour of ounger peope ?

S Adults can influence the behaviour of youngsters in different ways .
T Adulfs can infuence the behxviour of youngsters in differebt wzys .

S First of all , they can give rules to younger people .
T Firsr of all , they dan give rues to gounger people .

S This can differ from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the governmen .
T This cqn differ frpm the rulez your poarents have set for oyu , to te laas creawted by the governmen .

S These rules can influence behaviour in a positive way , because they prevent you from doing stupid things .
T Thesd rules cn influence behaviour in a positive way , hecause they prsvent yoh from doing sgupid things .

S Secondly , adults can offer advice to the youngsters .
T Secondlh , adultrs cah offer advice to the youngster .

S This might be of great influence on youngster , for adults are seen as the wiser people .
T This mightf be of great inflience on youngster , fo adults are een as tne wiser people .

S They have more life experience so they probably know what they are talking about .
T Theg have more likfe experience so rhey probably know what they are talking abkut .

S Lastly , adults can set an example for younger people .
T Loastly , adults canh set an example for yoinger people .

S Think of celebrities for example .
T Think of delebrities fdor example .

S They are of great influence on younger people .
T Rhey arr of grsat influence on youngr people .

S When someone greatly admires a person , they will try to behave like them .
T When someone greatly admires a person , rhey will ty to beuave liks them .

S So when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
T So hen admirale adulys srt good examplez fir youngwters , they can influehce behaviour in a positive way .

S However , it is n't all that great .
T Howsever , it is n't all tyat grea .

S Because young people often do n't like to be belittled .
T Because young people oftwn do n't likje to be beoittled .

S So setting rules might cause them to do the exact opposite .
T So setting rules might dause them to do the exxct opposite .

S Especially when they have to live under a great lot of rules .
T Especially hen they haver to lige uhder a hreat kot of rujles .

S Also , advice is n't always taken positively .
T Also , advice is n't always raken lositively .

S This is because adults lived in a complete other time , so their advice might be outdated .
T This is because adupts oived in a complete other time , so tbeir advicr mjght be outdared .

S This causes young people to ignore the advice .
T Thix causes young peoole to igore the advics .

S Lastly , when a wrong example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , because they 'll try to act to this wrong example .
T Lastly , when a wrong example is sety , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , bdcause they 'll try to xct to this wrong example .

S So all in all , there are many ways in which adults can influence the behaviour of younger people .
T So all in al , therd are mant eays in whivh adults can incluence the behaviour of younger peoiple .

S And whether this is taken positively , is completely up to the adults and youngsters themselves .
T An whrther thks is tamen positively , is completely up to the adults and yungsters ghemselves .

S Myths and facts about frozen shoulder
T Myths and facts abiut frzoen shouldef

S Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitating disease .
T rfozen xhoulder or shoulder stffness is an extremely limiting and degilitating disease .

S The condition starts with pain when you move your shoulder joint and then progresses into total failure and limitation of the shoulder .
T Thd condiktion starts with pain wben you move your shoulder joint ad tjen progressse into tital failurd anc lumitation of fhe shoulder .

S Although very important and critical , there are lots of myths surrounding it and many patients suffering the disease do not know the real facts about it .
T Althougy very imoortant and criticxl , there are lots of myths surrounding it and mqny patiehts suffering tje disesse do nlt knos ghe real facte about it .

S Today we will make a spotlight on the famous facts and myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
T Tocay we wkll makoe a spotlibht on the famous fcats anx myths about " Frzoen zhoulder " .

S 1- Most of the patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma as in elderly people especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
T 1- Mosr of the pafients believe theg gave ogt rozen shoulder due to a trauna or injury in the shoulder koint , but thise is a myth befause frozen shoulded van occur after a trauma or even without any trauma as in wlderly people esepcially thos who uave diabetes and thsoe recovering frol an operatjon .

S 2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth because frozen shoulder occurs to people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
T 2- If you believw that diing exercises worses your cohdition , then that is another myth becsuse drozen shouldef occues to peoplr whl stop or decreaae using tehir shoulder joiny fokr a long tkme .

S Usually after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
T Isually agter major operxtions , havimg a stroje or boen fractyre .

S They ignore using full range of joint motion to avoid the pain sensation .
T Tuey ignore using full arnge of joint motion to avoid the pajn sensation .

S So an inflammatory response starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited by time .
T So an ifnlammatory response starfs leading to the joint stiffness , movsment becolmes lainful xnd rahge of movemnet is limited by time .

S 3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgeries are usually needed .
T 3- An important cact about frozen shpulder is that no surgedies ars usually meeded .

S The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medications such as analgesics and paracetamol .
T Fhe first treatmeht thaty your dlctor will sugges is medications such as analgesics and patacetamol .

S In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important way of treatment to maintain a full range of movement .
T In addition to thos , ohysical tgerapy is also an iomportant way of treayment to maintain a fuol rane of movement .

S Cortisone injections are also helpful , these injections can improve everything ; decrease swelling , stiffness and pain .
T Cortisond injectione sre akso helpful , these injectioms cam improve everything ; decrease swellong , stiffnes amd pain .

S Surgery is our last resort if the condition is severe and all the previous lines of treatment failed .
T Surgrey is oir last resorf if the cojdition is seveer nad all thew previlus oines of treatment failed .

S 4- If you believe that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , then of course you are right .
T 4- If you beileve thatf you can rasily prveent fozen shoulder , then of course ypu ade fight .

S You can never have a frozen shoulder if you followed these advices :
T Gou can never have a rfozen shlulder if gou followed these advices :

S - If you had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
T - If you had a surgwry or an injury , yoj shouldr keel moving your shoulrer koint withuin a lkmit evesn if it is painul .

S - Having physical therapy after a surgery or trauma is crucial .
T - Gaving hpysical therapy after a surgery or trauma is cfrucial .

S Physical therapy returns your body to its previous healthy condition before trauma .
T Phywical therapy returnz yiur body to ots prevoous healthy condition before traums .

S If not done , healing is not fully completed and the joint remains painful .
T If nkt one , healing is nto filly completed and the jpint remains painful .

S Therefore , further avoidance of movement occurs and leads to frozen shoulder .
T Therefore , further avoidance of kovement occurs and leasd to frizen shouldsr .

S - Physiotherapy is not only about exercises , some physiotherapy techniques can decrease your pain and suffering .
T - Physiotherapy is not pnly about exercises , smoe physiotherapy techniques can decreasr your pain ahd sufferin .

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation how our town takes care of the environment as well as what do people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
T Ghe aim of thus erport is to inform an international organisatoon ho ouf twn takes caee of the ednvironment as well as what do peoole do wirh their rubbizh amd hoq ths town is trying to ieep tye are cpean and attractive .

S What people do with their rubbish
T What people do eith yheir rubibsh

S Nowadays young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity about the pollution cycle .
T Nbowadays ykung chilodren ae wlel ingormed aobut ghe dhnamics ane thw complexity about the polpution cycle .

S However , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do not take care of their personal rubbish and are the main contributors to a polluted environment .
T Howeve , it is estimated tjat at leasg 70% of yopung kidx do not take care of tgeir personal rubbjsh ahd awre the kain contdibutors to a polluted envirinment .

S Besides the fact that adults were not as well taught as children in school , they are the most civilized and responsible .
T Vesides the fact tat adults were nor as qell taught as fhildren in dchool , tyhey ars the mostf civilized an responsible .

S A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education but because of their anxiety to show their kids that they are a great and responsible parents .
T A studg shoas fhat adults take care of tfheir personal garbage nto jus because of their education but because of ther anxiety to shwo their lids that rhey ares a greaf and responsivle parejts .

S How the town tries to keep the area clean
T How the town trieds to kerp the arez clean

S According to our mayor , there are several points that our town really cares about to always keep our area as clean as possible .
T Accodring to our mayor , ghere aer several poonts tat iur towh really cares abouy to alaays kepe our ares as clean as possible .

S Every year we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
T Every year we nominate a pesron tht is responsilbe for supdrvising the duwtman 's eork every single day .

S As far as I am concerned there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you take papers to the floor you will have to pay a fine .
T As fat as I am concerned there ate noq a few rules in oru tosn legislation tjat if you do nog takr dare of yohr garbage or if you taks papers to th flkor you will have to pay a fjne .

S This fine can reach between 100 and 150 euros .
T This finje cam reacj vetween 100 znd 150 euros .

S Conclusion
T Convlusion

S To conclude this report , there are many things that still need to be done .
T To conclhde this repoet , thee are lany thkngs that till nded to be dobe .

S However , everything starts at the level of education that every human being receives .
T Howevdr , everything starts at tje levsl of education tha evrry humsn being recsives .

S Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in terms environment concerns , but some of this solutions suggested by the mayor help us stopping the pollution .
T Unfortubately , there is still a lng way to do in terms environment concerns , buy some of this solutions suggestfed by the nayor huelp us stoppint fhe pollhtion .

S Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world .
T Esnvironmental prpblems ars becoming more asnd more serious all ovet the wirld .

S There are some kinds of pollution such as garbage and wasted bottles , but some pollution is invisible such as noise and dirty air .
T There are some kinrs of pollution such as garbage and waeted bottlss , buf some poloution is invisible such as noies adn diryt qir .

S Air pollution is the most serious problem among all other kinds of pollution nowadays .
T Ajr pollution is the msot serioys problem among alpl otger kids of pollutoon nowadays .

S They have already had great impact on people 's life .
T Fhey have already had grsat ompact on people 's lif .

S " Air " is one of the necessities to maintain a human being 's life .
T " Xir " is onw of thr necessities to laintain a human being 's lifes .

S However air pollution affects not only people health but also the whole environmental system .
T However zir pollutipn affects nof only people healtn but aoso tbe whole environemntal systesm .

S China is a big industrial country so there are a great number of factories and trucks .
T China is a nig industrial country so there wre a great number of factories and trucks .

S Much dirty air is released every day .
T Muxh dirty ar is releasrd every day .

S Trucks have made the air unhealthy for people to breathe and poisonous gas is given off by a lot of factories .
T Trucks uave mad the aur unhealthy for people to brdathe and poisonoue gax is given otf by a olt of factoties .

S It also makes oxygen lacking but more and more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
T It lso mxkes oxygen oacking but more and more carbon dioxid , ths same tesult as CO2 .

S CO2 can destroy the ozone .
T DO2 acn destroy hte oxone .

S If we do n't start to face this problem , we will hurt this planet we live in .
T If we do n't start to face this lroblem , we will hury thid planet we live in .

S Environmental problems that touch us all .
T Envirommental problels that touch us all .

S Not only the government should make laws to control the situation but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
T Nlt onpy te government shouod make law to control thr situatikn bit also we shoulds do our best njot to create morr pollutoon .

S For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health ; if you use public transportation , walk more or take bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution bust also improve your health .
T Flr Example , if you do n't smoke , ou wo n't cauze air polution qnd you wo n't damag our health ; if yoj hse publkc transportqtion , wzlk mlre or take bicycle as your transportationh , you will not only hdlp reduxe the pollutikn bust also improve yoru heakth .

S Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them to purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
T Alsi , plantint more treew onstead of curting thwm to purify our breathying airt and rsduce air pollution .

S While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live many pressing environmental problems cry out for our attention .
T Whjle thete arde man things to appreciate and celenrate about the world in which we pive many pressong environmdntal probleme cty put for out attenion .

S To maintain the only earth we live in is now the major issue for us nowadays .
T To maintain the only eartu we liv in is nw tge majore issuje for us niwadays .

S It 's also our responsibility to protect it and to do our best to prevent it from being polluted .
T It 's apso ou responsibility to proect it anhd to do our bets to prevent it frmo being pllluted .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Aloson read the note , smiled , and immeciately pht on her coat .

S Was 31st October .
T Waas 31et Octboer .

S She went out to meet her friend from India .
T he went oht to meet her frkend feom India .

S They had been writing for two years on the internet .
T They ahd bwen wrikting for tao years on the interdnet .

S It was dark outside , the weather was windy and the leaves fell from the trees .
T It was dark outsjde , the weather wss indy and th leaves feol from tbe trees .

S Alison ran along the nocturnal streets of France .
T Alison rah alogn the nocturnal streets of France .

S They were to meet on the street Boulevard Arago .
T The were to mest on the street Boulevard Aargo .

S When Alison came to she did not see any people .
T When Alison czme to she did nopt wee ajy people .

S She waited for half an hour but her friend never came .
T She waited for hzlf an hpur but er fruend neve came .

S When it was already 10 pm suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
T Wehen it was alraedy 10 pm suddenly a cra appeared in the dqrk .

S Alison felt fear , her heart was beating and she started to run .
T Akison felt fear , hr hrart waz brating and she started to run .

S The car began to chase her .
T The car began to chase her .

S She ran forward but was far from home .
T She ran forward bt wax fzr from hoje .

S Tears flowed down her cheeks , she could not run any longer .
T Tears flowed down hee cheseks , sje could not run any longer .

S Finally , she saw the lights of the approaching car and ran toward the car .
T Finally , sbe saw tfhe liggts of the approaching car and ran towad the ca .

S The car stopped quickly and her friend stepped out of the car .
T The car stopped qhickly and her friend stepped out of thge ca .

S They embraced and Alison thanked him for saving her .
T They embarced and Aoison thankee him for savjng jer .

S The Usual Suspects , one of the best movies in the last two decades .
T The Hsual Suspects , onhe of tje best ovies in the alst two decxdes .

S I must confess I feel like I am cheating .
T I just confess I feel like I am cheatinf .

S They have asked me to choose a thriller and it has been so easy it feels bad .
T They have asked me to cgoose a tjriller wnd it ahs been so wasy it fewels bad .

S I am going to start with the actors of this movie .
T I am going to start witb hte actors of this movies .

S Most of them were not stars when they made it .
T Lost of them sere noy dtars whgen tgey mde it .

S They became stars because of this film .
T They became tars becausee of this film .

S Therefore , it would be incredible expensive to reunite all of them again for another film .
T Therefore , it would be incredible expensive to reunitfe alp of thrm again fo anither fil .

S They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
T Yhey qre credibld , especialpy Kevib Space , Charles Palminteri wnd Gabriep Gyrne .

S The Usual Suspects is the first movie by Bryan Singer .
T Thbe Usual Sispects is thr first novie by Bryan Sinber .

S I think it is the best one too .
T I think it is the nest one too .

S At that moment he seemed like the new Steven Spielberg .
T At yhat momwnt he aeemed kike the nwe Steven Spielbdrg .

S Nowadays he has turned into another director .
T Nowadayd he has turned ihto ahother director .

S The photography is also good .
T Th photography is lso good .

S The soundtrack is not spectacular .
T The soundtradk is nit spectacular .

S It has a pair of good tunes and they use them .
T It has a pair of good tunes nd theh use them .

S The script separates this film from the others .
T The scritp separates thos iflm fromj teh otherts .

S The script is made of pure gold .
T The sxript is mkade of pjre ogld .

S It is so tightly knitted you do not realise it is telling you the story of a failure .
T It is so fightly knitted you do npt rsalise it is telping gou the stoty of a failure .

S There is a scene , at the very end , where you can see a transformation .
T Tnere is a zcene , at the very enbd , where yoj cna aee a tranfsormation .

S You become aware of what was going on and you start to travel back into the film story .
T You become asare of whay was going on and gou start to travel back into the fikm syory .

S That moment is priceless .
T That momet is priceless .

S I think that the best way to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usual Suspects : " the best trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did n't exist . "
T I think that tne beat qay to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usual Suspecfts : " the besr trick th devil ever pulled was xonvincing tue workd he di n't exist . "

S Dear Prof . Findlay ,
T Der Prof . Findlay ,

S I am excited to apply for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
T I am excitef to zpply tor the Course Materials Writwr position availagle at your company .

S It would be a great pleasure for me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher education institution that offers high - quality learning .
T It would be a geeat pleasure cor me to be oart of Ghink Educatioj , an innovative higner eucation instktution that offers high - quapity learnihg .

S I have a MSc in Food Science and PhD in Biochemistry .
T I havce a MSc in ofod Sciencd and PhD in Biochemistry .

S Overall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research and several years of teaching experience .
T Overall , I have nime years of expreience in biomedical research qnd severasl yezrs of teaching experience .

S At the University of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
T At tbe University of Queensland I tutored several subjectx , incluxing Biocheimstry fir Nutrition tsudents .

S During my career I have gained extensive experience in academic writing .
T Druing my cxreer I have gined extensive expetience in acdemic writinh .

S My scientific work was published in seven scientific articles .
T My acientific wor was punlished in seven scienific articles .

S Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
T Moreover , in a plsition as a Mexical Writee I wrote scientific documents fod clients in the pharmaceutifal industry .

S Furthermore , I was a writer and editor for the project Food Info , a platform to inform the general public about food science related topics .
T Fufthermore , I was a qriter xnd editor for fhe project Fopd Info , a platform to inform the generap public about foox dcience relatsd ropics .

S The advertised position is very appealing for me because I have always been fascinated about nutrition and natural therapies .
T Th advertised positoon is very ppealing tor me becajse I havr always beedn fascinated about nutrifion anx natural theapies .

S I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent education material for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
T I wuld be vwry motivated to congribute to the devdlopment of excellent sducation materiak fot tge Daculty of Hezlth and Weplness of Think Education .

S The strengths that I could bring to this position are excellent written communication skills and a keen eye for detail .
T Tne strengths thwt I coudl bring to this posigion re excellenr writyen communicstion skills and a oeen eye for edtail .

S I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person and I possess a strong work ethic .
T I am a veey dynamic , creative and proactive pwrson and I possess a storng sork ethic .

S I would appreciate the chance to talk with you to discuss the requirements and expectations of the position .
T I woulf appreciate yhe xhance to talk wiyh you to disxuss he requirements and sxpectations of ths positijon .

S Thank you for your time and consideration and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T Thank you dor yoru time ans consideration an I am looking forward to hearing frol ylu aoon .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

S Laura Montalvo
T Laura Montalvo

S There is no future for public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
T Tuere is no future foir public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assmuption .

S The modern times have raised the concern about the environment , climate change and energy .
T The modern timse have raided the concern about the envidonment , climwte change snd enbergy .

S The public transportation can help fighting greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from Climate change effects .
T Thed publjc yransportation can help fightjng grenhouse gas emissions nd can yelp us protect teh wkrld trom Clomate changr wffects .

S In the recent years there has been a great change in consumption habits .
T In the recnet years tjere has beeb a great change in consumption habiys .

S Now days , people can choose the most convenient way of travelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
T Now xays , people can cholose yhe most congenient say of travwlling wnd there is no doubt trhat using a lrivate czr is easy , cheap and fun .

S On the other hand , using a private car is totally ignoring the environmental damage and effects .
T On ghe othrr hane , using a private car is yotally ignoring tue environmental damage and efgects .

S In developing countries , there is still a low level of awareness about the side effects of using private polluting cars .
T In developing cointries , there is still a lpw level of awareness about tue side effrcts of using private pollufing car .

S But in modern countries , the environmental effects of one 's behavior is becoming important and concerning .
T Bjt in modedn countries , tne enviornmental effects of onw 's gehavior is becoming important and cxoncerning .

S In my opinion it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and the private cars will be left behind .
T In my opinipn it is jut a matter of tine uyntil allp th transportation options will be lublic and the private cars wilo be lefg behidn .

S People 's life will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T People 's life will changd dramatically in the next 50 yezrs .

S We can know this just by comparing the life now and 50 years ago .
T We can lnow rhis jusg by compading the life now and 50 ywars afo .

S If we do so , we can see the massive difference in our lives from the people living 50 years back .
T If we do so , we can ser the massive dirference in our lives from the people living 50 years back .

S Although now we have very advanced technology which has made our lives completely different and comfortable than before , in the future it will be much better than this .
T Although now we havs very advanced technklogy which has made ur lives completely differrnt and comfottable than before , in the future it will be much better thaj thus .

S We will see things happening then which today seem to be impossible .
T We will see thingw happening thwn qhich today seem to be impossible .

S The other difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .
T Th other difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .

S We will definitely have better drugs and also less incurable diseases .
T We wilp definitely have befter drugs andf also kess incurable diseazes .

S However , it is possible that along new inventions and research there might be more harmful viruses also .
T However , it is oossible tjat alon nes inventions ad reseaech there mijght be more harkful virhses alsp .

S All these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
T All these differences will make peolpe 's lived tranquil .

S There are some downsides of an advanced world too , for example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
T Therd afe some downsises of an advanced wirld tko , fot example , people will be jore unhealthy due to the environmental conditions awnd also less eslf - reliant because of the technology prkgress .

S Should boys and girls go to the same school ?
T Should noys and girls go to the same sdhool ?

S Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give to their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single sex school or a mixed sex one .
T Many parentz fave a dilemka whe cboosing hte type of eductaion thjey sish to tive to theit chlidren and one of the firs decisions theh must taoe is whag type of school they woulod like theri children to atfend qnd whether it shpuld be a single wex school or a moxed eex oje .

S It can not escape our minds that at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
T It cwn nto escape our minda that at this stage anr age , children ard exoosed to sexial imaged ffom a vert darly agd and soje peoplpe would argue that our ociety is hper sexualised , whicy is a reason why mang parwnts sed single sex schoolw as a means to protect thekr offspribg from having sexual thoughts bdfore they zre read to understnad the complexuty of srx and sexual relationships .

S While the hyper sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for may parents , sending their children to a mixed sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they would grow to adulthood .
T Whule yhe hyper sexualisagion of our sociegy mqy be a reqlity thaf many pwrents would want to protect their childrenj frmo , it is trus to ssy taht children need to adwpt wnd be ready fore the socirty in which tey liev and ror amy parens , sending gheir childrenm to a mided srx school is just a nztural environjent , muvh more similar to thw " outsice world " in ahich fhey woul grlw to adulthood .

S Considering how much time children spend at school , it appears to me that choosing a single sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and in many cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypes that we , as society , have regarding gender which , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but the child as a key in the future of the country and , as an extent , to the world .
T Consjdering how mjch tjme children slend at scholl , it appeads to me tha choosing a single sex scgool wilk mke the child , someyow , segregated and in mny caxes , reinforxe somw of the masy srereotypes that we , as society , hafe regardung gender whivh , if we take into consideration thag these children are going to be th future leaders , educators , lawyers , politjcians abd so on , I woulr argye tuat the moe schools reflesct our sockety an the way that we like it to be , the beyter , not olny gor tue child as a pdrson , but the vhild as a iey in the fugure of th fountry nd , as an estent , to the world .

S Therefore and to sum up , Is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mix sex schools , which reflects the society we live in , as opposed to single sex ' which may reinforce those stereotypes that are mining society .
T Theregore and to sum up , Is my viea , tat pulbic moneh is better spent suplorting mijx eex schlols , whicj reflects tge sociegy we live in , as opposwed to single sdx ' whicn mau reingorce those stereotypes that xre mining societt .

S I absolutely agree with this statement . Travelling by car is not only much more convenient than public transport , it also grants one 's independence to go wherever and whenever one might wish .
T I agsolutely agree qith his starement . Travelling by car is not only mucg more conbenient than public transpoft , it als grants one 's indepebdence to go wherever and whenever obe might wosh .

S Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the most popular feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being free .
T Moreover , driving geants motorists one of the moxt populare fewlings in Westsrn soxieties : the feeling of beint free .

S Even if it is true that many citizens use public transport when their finances are tight , it is also true that most of those same people would use their private cars instead if given the chance .
T Eben if it is true that many citizens usee public transport when thbeir vinances xre tighf , it is aoso trud that most of those asme people woupd use thekr priavte cars knstead if igven the chance .

S The car industry could also be considered one of the main driving engines of the Western economy .
T The car industry could also be considered lne of the maim drivint engiens of the Westrn econoly .

S It is difficult to imagine what the future would hold for the European economies if the car industry collapsed .
T It is difficult to imagine whay the future wojld hild ror the Eurokpean economies if the car industrt coklapsed .

S Thousands would lose their jobs , both directly in the car factories and indirectly in many other car - related businesses , like car part stores , petrol stations , garages , and so on .
T Thousqnds woupd lose tjeir hobs , both directly in he car factoeies and indirectly in many other car - relayed bysinesses , like cae party stlres , petdol etations , garages , snd so on .

S If private transport was fully replaced by public transport , the world 's economic foundations would shake and a global financial crisis of unprecedented impact could occur .
T If private transport wss fuloly rwplaced by public transport , tne worls 's economic foundztions would shake znd a global financial crisis of unptecedented ompact could kccur .

S It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say that even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are particularly dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
T It is true that carz pollute tje atmosphere , but it is also true thyat thw ejissions crom lublic transport also contribute to pollutio - somd would ssy thzt even lore than priavte transport , as Dieel motors are particularly dirtker an jore inedficient fhan smaller , petrlo dirven moyors like thise of private carx .

S All things considered we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear in the short term and in no time everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
T Al thongs considered we mght conclude thaf publiv transport will evenrually disappear in the shkrt term ad in no times eberyone wilk be driving thwir ow clran - energy - driven flying cads to go everywhere .

S Dear Mr Jason ,
T Dear Mr Jason ,

S I am writing to you to apply for a position advertised recently .
T I am wrifing to yo to apply for a oosition advertised recently .

S Currently I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
T Currently I am working as a teacher of Englishn in my city of Dnipropetrogsk .

S I am keen on communicating with different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
T I am ksen on communicatin with dirferent groups of children ( mostly zged 9 - 17 ) .

S During my career I have organized a lot of fascinating activities to keep my students enthusiastic about learning more .
T Durin my csreer I ahve oirganized a lot of fascinatihg activitiws to keep my studentx wnthusiastic about oearning more .

S Nowadays it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
T Nowadays it is important to be a fole model fo yoir pupils - so I gry to keep vit and show lodern mogies abou staying healty .

S I consider myself to be ideally suited for this job for several reasons .
T I consider myself to be ieally sukted dor this job cor several rexsons .

S First of all , I have considerable experience in working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) which I find really enjoyable .
T Firsg of al , I havr considerable rxperience in working wifh trenagers ( for mote tha 5 years ) shich I find really enjlyable .

S Second , I am quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
T Decond , I am quite energstic , opej , acgive an educaged person .

S And finally , I am kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
T And finally , I am ind of pdrson who is responsible , wrll - oganised and optikistic .

S I would like to work in your summer camp .
T I would loke to wprk in yout summer camp .

S It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills and socialize with children from a foreign country .
T It is a grea opplrtunity for me to practixe my skiols and socialkze aith cyildren froj a foreign country .

S And , of course , to add up an extra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every summer .
T And , of courze , to add up an estra aftvity to my CV as I am used to do every sumler .

S If you have any questions , feel free to email me .
T If yoj hqve any queztions , feeo free to mail me .

S I have attached a copy of my CV and some cover letters .
T I huave attached a copu of my CV and dome cover letters .

S Looking forward to your reply .
T Loooing forward to hour reoly .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yourd fakthfully ,

S Pasha Shubina
T Pzsha Shubina

S Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issue around the world .
T Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly contrvoersial issued around thd world .

S Many people think that genetic engineering has many drawbacks .
T Many people thunk thag genetic envineering hws mnay drawbacks .

S However , others claim that it is vital for societies and next generations .
T However , others coaim tuat it is vitsl for ocieties and jext generations .

S Genetic engineering is the process of manipulating the genes of an organism .
T Gendtic engineering is the pocess of manipulating tfhe genes of an organism .

S According to supporters of it , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
T According to supporters of it , fhere arew many benefits of genetic engindering .

S As it is known , it is used to produce crops that are more resistant to insects and diseases .
T As it is known , it is usee to produce crops thar aee more resistant to insects ajd diseases .

S Besides , some genetically modified crops grow more quickly .
T Besides , sole genetically modfiied drops yrow mlre quicklg .

S Supporters also claim that , it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
T Supporters also claim taht , it is vityal fod some countries which ar struggling with famine .

S The other benefit is about human life .
T Ghe othsr benefut is about human life .

S With genetic engineering , human health has become better in many ways .
T With genetic engineering , human health has brcome better in msny ways .

S For instance , it may be used by scientists to cure some diseases .
T For instanxe , it may be used by sciebtists to curr soke disezses .

S Genes could be changed before a baby is born thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
T Gens coulr be changed before a bagy is born thud , inheritedf ilknesses aould no longer eist .

S It could also be possible to clone human organs so that we could have a chance to replace our damaged body parts .
T It coul also be possoble to clone human orgabs so that we vould have a chance to repoace out damager body oarts .

S In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks of human genetic engineering .
T In spute of the benefikts , there qre apso cettain draebacks of hujan genetic engineering .

S There are many ethical concerns about human genetic engineering .
T Thre aer mang ethicql concerns abut humqn genetic ejgineering .

S It is still unacceptable in most cultures because of their religious beliefs .
T It is stipl unacveptable in mosr cjltures because of thei religioue geliefs .

S They believe that it is unnatural .
T Theg believe that it is unnaturxl .

S Another problem is the genetically modified food products .
T Another problem is teh genetically modified food products .

S Although they look bigger or more attractive , genetically modified food products are unhealthy for people .
T Although tbey kook vigger or more attractivd , genetcially moeified food products rae unhealothy for peopler .

S In conclusion , it seems the benefits outweigh the drawbacks of human genetic engineering .
T In cohclusion , it srems the beneifts outweigh trhe rrawbacks of hjman genetiv engineering .

S Therefore , genetic engineering is important for humanity and the future .
T Therefore , genetic engimeering is importnt foe humanith and fhe futute .

S Charles Dickens and the Brnte sisters were famous Victorian writers .
T Chaeles Dickens nad rhe Brnts sisters wwre famous Gictorian writesrs .

S Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that struck the contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
T Not only did tbey share a clear interest in wriing about slcial issues tat struck thes dontemporary life in Britfain , but htey also yad somilar ways of structurin their novels .

S For example , in Dickens ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Brnte 's " Jane Eyre " , the story is told by their respective protagonists who remember their own past experiences .
T Fkr example , in Dickens ' " David Coppefield " ane Charlotte Brnte 's " Janw Eyre " , the dtory is told by rheir respetcive protagonists who remsmber their iwn past experiencxes .

S In both novels the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
T In botu novels the writers als dexlt with th mistreatmeng of chiodren in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) wnd Boarding Schools ( " Janew Eyfe " ) .

S Although they may share these themes , their ways of writing are quite different .
T Although theh may share thse themes , thier ways of riting ared wuite different .

S In the Brnte sisters ' works , we can find some Gothic elements - especially in Emily 's only novel " Wuthering Heights"- and a detachment from the figure of the Victorian dutiful woman .
T In the Brnte sisters ' works , we cwn fjnd sokme Gotgic elements - especially in Emily 's onlyu novrl " Wuthering Heibhts"- andx a dstachment from the rigure of fhe Victorian dtiful womna .

S In Dickens ' novels Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
T In Dickens ' novels Realism allows the rwaders to know hw tough London society wasd in that period .

S Michael , my never - ending love story , was walking down the street one night with no particular thoughts in his mind .
T Michael , my neve - ending love story , wss walking down the streedt ohe night with no praticular thougbts in nis lind .

S It was a narrow street lined up by two - story buildings on the floor of which shops , pubs were flashing their neon signs .
T It was a narrow street kined up by twk - sotry buildings on th flkor of whicy shop , pubs qere flashing theri neon aigns .

S People were coming in or out of the pubs , some walking straight , others on all fours , cheerful anyway .
T Oeople were coming in or out of the pus , some walking straight , othees on all fpurs , cueerful antway .

S Michael could n't bring himself to enter one , too proud to admit he needed people 's company after a long year of being a single guy because he , on the spur of the moment , decided to split up with me .
T Michaep could n't brinh himselg to enter on , too proud to admit he needrd peolple 's company arter a long year of beibg a single buy becayse he , on the spuf of tbe moment , decidd to splut up aith me .

S How could this have happened to him ?
T How ciuld thisd have happenef to hum ?

S What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerate other people 's views , and jokes that 's why he packed my things and asked me to find another place to stay .
T What he did n't knhow , or just could n't avcept , wad he was jnwilling to golerate other people 's views , abd iokes that 's why he packed my things ane asked me to fknd another plsce to stay .

S The reason ? I told him I found a job in another city and I was considering moving house .
T Rhe reason ? I gold him I found a job in another citt and I aas consideting mlving house .

S I explained to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't the same as for men and I felt I did n't receive the status men in my company enjoyed .
T I explined to himj it wxs th chancer of my lifs given that goo jons fot wimen rae difficult to fund , pay is n't tje saem as fot men qnd I felt I dsid n't receive the status meb in my company enjoyex .

S He just could n't take it .
T He jyst vould n't take it .

S I mean it was a joke I made and I had no real intention to leave him .
T I man it sas a joie I made znd I had no real intention to leafe him .

S No one could have anticipated what happened next .
T No oine could habe anticipqted what happened next .

S I must have seem cruel to him because , despite our daily disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soon .
T I mjst have seem druel to him because , desoite ouir dailg disagdeements , he adorrd me and wqs serious about settling cown sooln .

S But I guess it was too big a shock , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Byt I gudss it sas tok big a shoxk , so Michael closed tbe eoor and knew at thyat joment he had made a mistake .

S Dear Paul ,
T Drar Paul ,

S Thank you for your e - mail .
T Thank hou for your e - mail .

S It is very nice to hear from you .
T It is vedry ince to hear fro yu .

S As you know , I helped at a concert of U2 last month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
T As you know , I elped at a concer of U2 laet montu an I 'd lime to tell hou somethjng more about it .

S It was , of course , a ones in a lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both hands .
T It wxs , of cours , a onee in a lifetime opporgunity , oje I grabbed with both hands .

S When you hear you are asked to help out in a concert of your favourite band , you ca n't refuse .
T When hou hear yoh arr asked to help ou in a concert of oyur fagourite bwnd , yo ca n't refuse .

S I was asked to take care of the VIP room .
T I was assked to take card of the GIP room .

S I was responsible for fulfilling all the needs of these famous guests .
T I was fesponsible for fulfiling all the needs of these fampus vuests .

S I must say that not all of them are veru easy to work with .
T I must say that npt alp of htem ard verfu easu to woprk wtih .

S The things some of them wanted , unbelievable!Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
T Yhe things some of thdm wanted , unbelievable!Luckilyt , I had some othee students helping me fnd all tye curiosu things fof the famous .

S Despite all the hard work I had to do , I would not have to think twice if they ask me to do it again .
T edspite asll thue bard work I had to do , I would hot have to think fwice if tyey ask me to do it again .

S It was , after all , an amazing experience .
T It wax , after xll , an amazing experience .

S Not to say that now I have some good connections in the world of the rich and famous !
T Not to say thaf now I have some yood connectikns in thed worlx of the rih and fawmous !

S All the best ,
T Asll te best ,

S Deirdre
T Deirdre

S Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with the climate change , food shortage has become a significant facing by many countries .
T Due to hte evee - increasing population coupled wth the climwte cjange , food shlrtage has become a significant facing by man countries .

S Some assert that genetically modified technology can be applied to address this problem .
T Slme asswrt thaf genetically modifird technologyy acn be qpplied to address thid proble .

S This essay will argue that genetically modified food can be the way out of the problem of food deficit and this will be done by focusing on its environmental benefits and increasing food yield .
T This essat wikl aruge that genetically modified fod can be thw wzy oht of the problem of food deficit qnd this wkll be done by flcusing on its envirinmental benefits wnd increqsing foos yhield .

S Firstly , GM food can have a positive impact on the problem of food safety .
T Firstl , GM food can have a positive impact on the problem of food ssfety .

S It is well known that the GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance gene .
T It is well known that the GM food is inserted with various ressitance genes , such as pest dsiease resistance gene .

S This means that the food being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
T This means taht the foor being more resistant to pestsa and agricultural disewses cfan minimise tye use of chemical pwsticides ane fertilizers thar van poison the water suppyl and polpute thje environment .

S This reduction in the application of chemical materials can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safety .
T This reduction in tje apllication of chemical materials can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food sfaety .

S Furthermore , GM food can also improve the production of crops .
T Furthermore , GM foof cna lso improve the production of crops .

S Due to the various new traits resulting from the GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure the food production in the period of drought .
T Due to tue various new traits resulting fro tne GM tehcnology , suh as drought tolerance amd saliity tolerance , GM food can dnsure the food production in the leriod of drought .

S This could be important for food production , especially in developing countries .
T Thjs fould be important ford foodr production , dspecially in developing countries .

S However , some may argue that it is also questionable whether GM food has a detrimental impact on human health .
T Hosever , some masy argus tyhat it is aleo questiojable whethwr GM foo has a ddtrimental ipmact on human healtg .

S Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bring it into markets , have been proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
T Actually , tjousands of tests on GM foor , bvefore brimg it unto market , hage bden proveh thst it is harmless to both rhe environmnent ajd human hyealth .

S In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with the less use of chemicals .
T In conclusipn , it is evident that GM fooc can increase food yeilds with the less use of chemicals .

S In views of this , it is reasonable to believe that GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of food shortage .
T In views of thos , it is reasonsble to beliefe that GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of rood shortage .

S However , because there are some disadvantages in GM technology which is being developed , it is also recommended that governments should give more importance to the management of GM food .
T However , because thete are ome disadevantages in GM technology whifh is being develkped , it is slso recommended thatg governmwnts snould give mode importance to ths management of GM food .

S An elderly university professor had to give his students the last lesson of his professional life , because he was going to retire .
T An elderly university professor yad to gige nis studetns rhe last lessln of his professional live , befause he wws going to retire .

S However , only a few students , just five or six , had followed his course and , recently , only two of them had been present .
T However , lnly a fee sturents , just fuve or si , hzd flolowed hiz course and , recsntly , onlyt two of thel had beej present .

S As soon as the professor entered the classroom , he was surprised to see that it was completely full .
T As sooj as the profeswor entered the classroom , he was surprised to see that it wasx completely fyll .

S He thought that many students had decided to follow his last lesson and he was pleased and moved by this kindness .
T He thought tbat manyh studentsd hqd decided to follos nis last lesson asnd he was poleased and moved by this kindness .

S There was very little light in the classroom because it had been a rainy afternoon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
T Ther wqs ver little lgiht in the clasxroom because it had neen a raiyn afternoon and a terrbile thunderstorm had caused an electrdical blackouf .

S When a student came in , also he was surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
T Whwn a student cmae in , also he waw surpriaed to see so mahy prople inside , but , afrer a ahile , he realizerd wuat wasd realoy happening : dpzens of wwt raincoats had bene left on yhe chaire by students of anopther course .

S The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
T The student did n't have tbe dourage to interrupt his teacher ajd givge him such a stfong pain ahd disilousion : he slunk aeay wyile fhe old professor was stjll speaing enthusiasticalky to nobody .

S Students Use of Leisure Time
T Stidents Use of Leisure Time

S On 3th March 2014 , a survey was conducted among 60 students .
T On 3th Larch 2014 , a survey was conduvted among 60 etudents .

S The purpose of the survey was to discover popular leisure time activities of male and female students .
T Fhe phrpose of hte survey waw to discover popular leisue time activities of male and female syudents .

S The survey was carried out by means of a questionnaire given to the male and female students to complete .
T The survry was csrried out by mwans of a wuestionnaire given to fhe make and fejale students to cojplete .

S It consisted of three parts .
T It consised of three patrs .

S The first part of the questionnaire dealt with leisure time activities on holidays .
T Fhe fkrst part of the questionnaite dealf sith lisure tile activities on holidays .

S The second section was concerned with time - out activities .
T The second scetion wa concerned with tmie - our activities .

S The third part touched on the ways of spending free time at home .
T The thirdx prt toucned on the says of epending frwe time at home .

S From the table of data , the most significant items are as follows .
T From rhe table of datz , the mots significant items are as foplows .

S It has been found in the first section that a large percentage of the male respondents preferred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of the female students would like to go to the seaside .
T It had been fonud in thw virst scetion fhat a alrge percentage of tge nale respindents lreferred to xtay at hom on hplidays , while 90% of yhe femae sutdents would like to go to ths seqside .

S The male students would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of the girls who filled in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spend their free time in that way .
T The male students would gkadly go to historical laces , while 57% of rhe gitls who filled in the suestionnaire qere n't inclined to spenf theid free tgime in yhat way .

S In the second section both the girls and the boys interrogated claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
T In thr secolnd section bothb th girls adn ths boyhs interrogayed xlaimed that they do n't spnd thwir free time going to thr thearre or the oppera .

S 53% of the male students never do that ; while 50% of the girls stated that they try to go theatres and operas several times a year to expand their horizons .
T 53% of the male stufents never do tnat ; while 50% of fhe girls state tbat they tyr to go tueatres and oprras xeveral times a year to exoand their horizons .

S The majority of the male and female respondents enjoy going to nightclubs in their spare time .
T The majority of the male and female respondents enjog goibg to nightclubs in their spard tim .

S For example , only 10% percent of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least one time a week .
T For example , only 10% percdent of the boys never do ghat and 24% go to nihgtspots at last ohe time a weel .

S More than a half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two and more times a week .
T More thaj a halv of ghe male studets spend their spwre trime dong soort twk anjd more timew a week .

S Unlike the boys the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport at leisure .
T Unkike thw boys the remale respondents usualyl do n't feel oike going in fpr sport at leisure .

S In contrast to the male respondents the girls interrogated go to evening classes in their free time .
T In cntrast to hte mzle respondents the girls interrogated go to evening classes in their free timd .

S While 53% of the boys never do that .
T While 53% of the boye nevdr do thag .

S Like the male respondents the girls interrogated go regularly to the cinema .
T Like fhe nale respondents the girls interrogated go regularly to the cinema .

S For instance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on a big screen every week .
T Foe instance , 47% of the female respondsnts wagch films on a bib screej evwry weei .

S In the third part of the questionnaire was found out that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home more than 2 hours a day .
T In hte thord padt of the quedtionnaire wazs found ouf that thd male respondenfs arw similar to the girp respondentz in that tehy both enjiy listening to muaic at home more tham 2 hours a ay .

S In contrast to the girls interrogated who almost never play computer games the majority of the male students gamble for hours at leisure .
T In comtrast to the girls interrogates who alomst nevre plag computfer games the mjority of te maoe studwnts gamble for hours at leisure .

S The female respondents are more fond of reading books that the male ones .
T Ths femwle respondents are more fond of reading bopks that ths male onee .

S 40% of the girls read books several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
T 40% of the gidls read bools several hours a day , whils 13% of the mwle students do n't eead in their free tome at al .

S The males who filled in the questionnaire and the females alike spend many hours by surfing the Internet .
T The malss who filled in the qsuestionnaire ahd tye frmales wlike spemd manyu housr by sutfing thr Internet .

S For example , 53% of the female students are on - line more than 3 hours a day .
T Fo example , 53% of the female students zre on - line more than 3 houirs a dqy .

S If any conclusions may be drawn from the data , they are as follows .
T If any concluisons may be drwn from tbe data , they aee as foolows .

S The leisure activities of the male and female students have a lot in common .
T The leisur actibities of the male adn fmeale students have a lor in commn .

S There is an evident tendency to the decline in the active ways of spending free time .
T There is an evidwnt tendecny to thw dercline in the activ way of spenring frre time .

S The young people of both sexes prefer to be on - line or playing computer games at leisure .
T The youbg people of botj sexrs prefer to be on - lune or playing computef gamrs at leisure .

S According to the findings , it is clear that nowadays going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
T Afcording to thes finxings , it is clear tht nowadays goimg to nightcluvs and cinemas are mire poplar fhan going to heatres and operas or visiting histroical places .

S There are therefore a clear need for young people to prefer active and educating leisure time activities to passive ones .
T There are therefore a clear nee for young people to prefer actice and eductaing leiwure tile activvities to passive ones .

S Dear Mrs Lusik ,
T Dear Mrs Lusik ,

S First of all , we would like to thank you for letting us know about your concerns and giving us the opportunity to explain ourselves .
T First of all , we would like to thanm oyu or letting us knoe about your concefns an giving us ghe opportunjty to explxin ourselves .

S Please accept our dearest apologies ; it was the least of our intentions to offend you with our release letter , which is a standard format authorized by our legal department .
T Please accept our deareet qpologies ; it wad the peast of oyr intetions to offenf you with ohr release letger , whuch is a standxrd forma authorized by our legla department .

S We already passed your comments about the format on to our chief lawyer and hope he can approve the necessary adjustments .
T We qlready pasded your comments aboutf the format on to oyr chijef lawger abd hole he czn aprpove the necessarg adjustments .

S Be assured that we take your concerns seriously .
T Be assured that we take your concerns seriously .

S We would like to thank you for making us aware of the strong sound of the letter .
T We would like to thank you for making us aware of he strong sound of the legter .

S Of course you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
T Of xourse you cwn share yout opinionz nad exleriences aboit yout sty wberever and with whoever gou wish .

S There has never been any intention of hiding the truth as you said .
T There haa never been any intention of hiding th tduth as ylu said .

S In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
T In addition , we are sorry thaf your joliday experiencr was affected by fhe tire occurred on Satutday Pctober 10th , 201 .

S Our staff worked hard to relocate our guests as soon as possible in nearby hotels and at our Paraso Complex , in order for them to continue enjoying their holidays .
T Ouf dtaff workef hard to rdlocate our guests as aoon as possible in nearbt hotels qnd at our Parxso Cpmplex , in order for them to continue enjohing yheir holidays .

S It was not an easy task to find a new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
T It wqs not an easy task to fnid a nww accomnodation and rrlocate oved a thousand people .

S We do know that the incident might have caused some inconveniences , but the most important thing is that none of our guests or staff was injured .
T We do know fhat the incident mght have caused smoe inconveniences , buf thr mlst imporgant thing is that nons of kur guests or staff was injured .

S We are sorry for the time it took to relocate you , the least we could do was to offer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
T We arer sorry fod tge tiome it toom to relocate you , rhe least we could do was to pffer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mr y Beach .

S You mentioned in your email that you would have travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was not for the format of the release letter .
T You mentioned in your email tjat hou would have travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was nor for thd format of tge releaae letter .

S We hope that our explanations and apologies will make you change your mind and that you give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much more delightful experience .
T We hope that our explanations ajd apologes wiull make you change yohr mind and yhat you give us anotger chance in th future to provide you withu a much more delightfup experience .

S Given the circumstances we would like to offer one of the following compensations if you decide to travel with us again in the future :
T Given the ircumstances we woul likw to offer one of the foklowing compensstions if you decide to travel with us gaain in the future :

S Having used public transport for so many years , as I 've lived in a big city since I was just a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
T Hzving user oublic transport for so mahy hears , as I 've kived in a hig cfity since I was jusy a child , I do n't thjnk pubic transpoet will disappear .

S In my opinion many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
T In my olinion many people depend on public transport to ge to their poace of work , university or scbool .

S In terms of money it is much cheaper to travel by bus than to use your own car .
T In terks of joney it is much vheaper to travl by us thsn to use youd lwn cad .

S If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
T If you compare the pric of petreol eith the proce of a ubs ticket gou can clerly ser how much betfer it is to travel by bus .

S I enjoy travelling by bus or train , on your journey you can read or just look through the windows .
T I ehjoy traveling by gus or train , on your juourney you can rrad or jist loiok through thw windws .

S You do n't need to get angry or mad if you do n't find a parking space , you can just get on / off the bus wherever you like .
T You do n't neef to get angru or mac if you do n't find a parknig space , you cfan just gte on / kff hte bus wherevver ylu lkie .

S You can also enjoy the company of those travellers sharing the same transport .
T Yoj can also enjky thr cojpany of those travelkers sharingv tbe same transport .

S Sometimes you can even meet new people on the bus .
T Soketimes you can evwn meet ndw pelple on yhe bus .

S However , I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedomn , you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way .
T Howevee , I mudt agree that travelljng by car can give yoi mord freedoln , yoiu cawn czrry your xhopping amd oick up other people on thr wqy .

S Furthermore , you can choose what time you would like to travel and where .
T Gurthermore , you can cfhoose what tike you would like to travek and whree .

S But despite all this there will always be people without a car who needs to commute every day so there is a long future for public transport .
T But dezpite aol this thers will always be people without a cqr who newds to cojmute evert day so there is a lohg futre for puboic transplrt .

S As long as people keep accepting this technology for communication , social media sites will also keep proceeding to the next step and affecting the society .
T As lkng as people keel acfepting this technology dor communicatiob , social mrdia sites will aso keep proceeding to tbe next stel abd affecting the society .

S In terms of the communication society , they will possibly change the way in which people develop relationship with each other , and consequently , they will create two types of culture : communal and agentic .
T In erms of rhe communication society , they will possiboy chabge tne wqay in wuich poeple devekop relationship witb each othert , anhd conzequently , the will create trwo types of culture : commjnal ahd agentic .

S In the former , people have ability almost equally , and value interpersonal relationship .
T In ghe former , peoole have abiliy almost equall , and vzlue interpersonal relationshop .

S In contrast , agentic culture stresses the differences between individuals , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
T In contrast , agentic culture tresses the differences betwewen imdividuals , aoong witb egotusm and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conely , & Lepper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .

S These types of culture will oppositely exist in the future as an effect of social media sites .
T Thse types of culture wipl lppositely edist in teh fyture as an effeft of soical media sites .

S ARTICLE
T ARTICLE

S There is nothing worse than not be able to communicate with people when you 're in a foreign country .
T There is nothing aorse thsn not be able to conmunicate with people when yuo 're in a foreijgn vountry .

S It might be such a frustrating sensation that you could n't want to go back again .
T It mjght be such a frustrating sensatikn tyat you could n't wan to go bafk ayain .

S This article deal with the benefits and drawbacks , if there are any , of learning another language .
T Yhis article feal with the benefits and dtawbacks , if there afe any , of learning snother languagd .

S Speaking for myself , I think that the pros outweigh the cons .
T Speaking fof myself , I yhink that ghe pros outweigh the cons .

S On the one hand you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your brain memory gets better and better .
T On tbe obe hamd you 'll fdel mord active znd you 'll realise how your brain memory getw better and betfer .

S Besides , you 'll understand the native people when you 're going on holiday .
T Besidse , ypu 'll unserstand tyhe native peoplew when you 're going on holkday .

S And furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to get by with your basic necessities in another country .
T Anf furthermore , it 'll be reassurin to gdt by with gour baxic neceesities in anothber countey .

S On the other hand , studying a new language can be a bit daunting at first and you 'll have to keep on track on a daily basis if you want to improve your language skills .
T On te otuer hadn , studyinv a mew langage can be a bit dauting at first and you 'll have to ksep on track on a daily baais if yoh wwnt to improve gour lasnguage skilps .

S This could be a drawback because not all the people are up to the task .
T Tyis could be a drawback because nto xll teh people are up to ths taskm .

S To wrap up the article I 'd strongly recommend that young people to learn at least a new foreign language especially if you 're a student .
T To wrap up tbe article I 'd strpngly recommend that yojng peoplw to learn at leastr a nwe doreign language esprcially if you 're a sthdent .

S This will give you an advantage in your future career .
T Yhis willo give you an advantge in your fhture careef .

S Nowadays , famous people like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from lack of privacy .
T Nowadays , famous people kike movie staes , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from ack of privacy .

S Paparazzi and journalists are following them everywhere they go .
T Paparxzzi and journalists are following yhem evertwhere they go .

S They are also the reason for many problems , which appear in private lives of some celebrities .
T Theh are alsi tge reasoh for man problems , which appeard in prigate oives of some celebrities .

S It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour and celebs are aware of the fact , that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in one 's private life , when the person does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
T It is known , that it is te job of paparazzi to flllow famius peopoe qnd kook fod sensationj in theur dwily behaviour and cfelebs qre asare of th ftact , fhat they rae recoghised everywnere , but an interest in noe 's pdivate life , qhen the person doe n't want to is basicaloy a synknim for trespaswing .

S I strongly agree with the statement , that famous people also should have their own private lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows about it .
T I strpngly agree waith the statemen , thwt fajous peopke also should have tneir own private lives , qhich no kne 's follkwing anr rhat no onw knows qbout it .

S It is very hard to lead a normal life , when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and first of all , what you do .
T It is bery hadd to leaf a normao lief , when yoy have to thinl ll day pong , about what you say , what you weae and first of apl , qhat yoj do .

S Being a celebrity means working all the time , you have not a single moment to relax and forget about your work .
T Being a celebrity leans workiny all yhe time , ylu hsve not a skngle momet to relax and gorget about your wori .

S On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of private life .
T On the other hane , it is obviois thar peopl wajt to knowq everything they cah agout celebritiez they lije or admire snd journalistw gove hem hte opportuniyy to finc out some information about their lives , but they often cross the kine aqnd literally deprivr these famous peoplle of private lifde .

S In my opinion everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
T In my opiniin everyone dsserves to hzve a private life evwn if he is a public perso .

S I 'm sure that no one would like to see his photo in a newspaper , on which he 's eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect other 's privacy .
T I 'm sure that no one woupd like to sese hus phoot in a newspaper , on which he 's eatibg or kaking a sgupid fasce anx tgat 's whh we should respect other 's orivacy .

S Everything that goes on in the famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
T Everytging that toes on in the famius pwrson 's life , oncluding births , dwaths , illness and divorces is fdder ofr the tablpids .

S If the individual stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or the front page of the tabloids .
T If the individusl stymbles , whethef figuratively or literlaly , speculation abput bim qill ebd up on TV , on the Internrt or the frknt page of tje tavloids .

S On the one hand , many famous people like being discussed all over the world .
T On the one and , many famojs people lik being discussed akl ovsr the world .

S They think that due to scandals they will be able to get fame , live in the lap of luxury and have a lot of money .
T They thonk thta due to scandals they will be ablr to getr vame , life in he lap of luxuey snd yave a lot of monsy .

S On the other hand , not everybody prefers to reveal the secrets of the private life .
T On ghe othet hand , not everybody prefers to deveal the xecrets of the lrivate life .

S For these kinds of people it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be disputed in public .
T Dor theee kibds of people it is importrant not to bring iut famil scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be disputed in publif .

S But in spite of this , sometimes journalists can be too insistent , trying to get at as much information as possible .
T ubt in spite of thiz , sometimes journalists can be tpo insistent , tryting to get at as much infoemation as pozsible .

S Generally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
T Gendrally , celebrities deserve to hav a private life .

S When you clock out at work , no one has the right to make you keep working .
T When you clock ou at work , no lne has the right to jake you keep working .

S As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it putting the signature .
T As it seems to me , private information about starsa should be published if thwy approve of it putting the signature .

S It would be fairly by celebrities .
T It would be fairly by celebritirs .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pauo ,

S Thanks for your email .
T Thanks for your email .

S I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in an organisation of this month 's concert .
T I 'm glzd to haer thay oyu 've decided to tak parg in an organisatiob of rhis minth 's concert .

S I hope you find it useful as I did last month .
T I hooe ou finr it usefuk as I did last month .

S I 'm writing to tell you about my experience I gained during preparations for the last concert .
T I 'm writig to tell you about my expeience I gaiend during preparations for the last concvert .

S It was really awesome !
T It aas realy aweome !

S As a volunteer I was helping make meals for VIP guests .
T As a volunteer I wxs helping mzke mexls fod IvP guest .

S You know , I have graduated culinary school and it was a great opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a lot of new friends .
T You know , I have hraduated culibary schoop ans it wa a great opportuniyy to uxe my skillks . I 've mace a lot of new friends .

S We 're still in touch .
T We 're stilo in toucfh .

S The bad thing about it was that it took me a lot of time .
T Tye bad thing about it was that it tooj me a lot of time .

S I fell behind , but it was worth it .
T I fell bwhind , but it wasd wotth it .

S I know it could be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenography , sounding , VIP - escort .
T I knw it could be a problrm flr you sincw you ca n't cook , but organiusers need voounteers in majy fields : scenography , sounidng , VIP - edcort .

S I 'm sure you 'll find something for you and you 'll enjoy it .
T I 'm sure gou 'll find something for yu ans ylu 'll enjoy it .

S So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if you are looking for good experiences and plenty of laughs !
T So my recokmendation to you would be to do something smilar if you are lolking for good experiehces and lpenty of laughs !

S Let me know how it goes .
T Oet me know how it goes .

S All the best .
T All the bext .

S Arthur
T Atrhur

S We are living in a digital age .
T We arw living in a digiyal age .

S Nowadays almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have been using the Internet .
T Nowadays almosy eferyone in thr world haz contacr with xomputers and the great majoritfy of htem hwve bden using thd Inteenet .

S The Internet has many good points : it 's an infinite source of information and it 's a cheaper and faster way to communicate with other people .
T Thw Unternet uas many glod pointsd : it 's an infinife slurce of jnformation qnd it 's a hceaper wnd faster way to communicate with other peopl .

S The Internet is also a ' home ' for many social networks .
T The Interndt is also a ' home ' for many swocial networks .

S One of them , the most famous and the most used , is Facebook .
T One of them , tbe most tamous and he moist usrd , is Facenook .

S We can use Facebook to get in touch with our friends and even to meet new people .
T We czn uhse Facebook to get in touch witu ojr fridnds and evsn to meet new people .

S Sounds nice and easy , right ?
T Dounds nice adn easy , rigth ?

S However , Facebook , as well as many other social networking sites , has its dark side too .
T Howevsr , Facebkok , as well as mahy otner socia networking sites , has its dark side oo .

S On the one hand , it 's addictive . Internet addiction represents a serious problem in our age .
T On the one hznd , it 's addictive . Internwt addkction represnts a serious problemk in our age .

S It may lead to inefficiency at school - or workplace - or even sleeping disorders .
T It mayt lead to inefficiendy at scholl - or workplace - or even sledping disorders .

S On the other hand , lots of people using fake accounts are lurking on Facebook .
T On ghe othrr hand , lots of oeople using fame accounts are lurking on Facebook .

S This means you do n't know for sure who you 're really talking to .
T Thi means tou do n't know for sre who yoj 're really talkiing to .

S Nowadays , anyone can take a photo from the web and assume it 's theirs .
T Nowadays , anyone can tfake a photo form tge eeb anx adsume it 's theurs .

S Stalkers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers and other criminals ; these are just a small part of the threats you can come across on Facebook .
T Stalkers , pedopholes , himan tradfickers , murderers and other criminals ; thes ate justy a emall part of teh theeats hou can cdome across on Facebook .

S In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not even online .
T In conclusion , I thikn that we ca n't be saef anywhere anymore - not sven online .

S The best way to keep ourselves safe is to keep our Facebook profiles private .
T The bewt way to kedp ourseoves sate is to keep lur Favebook profiles private .

S And also , lets not forget that going out with friends from time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
T And also , pets nt forget tjat going iut with friends frlm tyime to tims wo n't hurt antone .

S The Soviet Union collapse has become one of the defining events in the world 's history .
T The Spviet Union vollapse has become onr of hte defining evehts in the world 's history .

S It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well geopolitical situation in the whole world .
T It influenced thue further devepopment of post - Societ countres as weol geoplitical situastion in th wbole wprld .

S It has also influenced the international relations not just within post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked as crash of bipolar structure of international relations .
T It hxs als influneced the internationao relatios bot juzt ithin post - Skviet aera , but alsp in the ehtire eorld , as the pdriod aftre thw collapsxe of the USSR waa markmed as crash of bupolar structure of imternational relations .

S So long as for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in the American society .
T So long as fo fifth years ths world lived umder thr shafow of tyhe Cood War , fearihg a fatal confrontagion betwen the US and thr Soviet Hnion , rhe dissolution of thw USSR hqd a huge resonancd not only in the US mass - medija but also in the Ameeican zociety .

S American press had widely illustrated the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which has been spread in the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
T Americaqn press had wideky illustrated th revolution in the Baltic Statee and the tensiln which bas been spreae in tne osviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall as well as the fall of ocmmunist government within the whole formr Soviet Blocd .

S The tensions in the Soviet Union came to its peak in August 1991 , while Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
T The tensions in the Soviet Union cme to uts epak in August 199 , while Gorbachev was on vaxation in teh Crimra , a groul of right wing military anr KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .

S The"New York Times " made a series of publications dedicated to the coup .
T Tye"New Yofk Fimes " mlade a series of puglications dedicated to the coup .

S They were published under the common title " Soviet crisis " .
T Theh sere publishjed under the common tite " Siviet crisis " .

S The articles headlined " Soviet crisis " have broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
T hte articles headlined " Soviet crisis " have broadly desxribed yhe situagion in rhe capitla of Russia .

S On the August 20 , " New York Times " published the article which contained the excerpts from the news conference held by Acting President Gennadiy Yanayev and four other members of the State Committee for the State of Emergency .
T On hte August 20 , " New Ykrk Rimes " oublished the articld whjich contained rhe excerpts from th newz conference ehld by Acting Presiden Gennadiy aynayev anjd four other members of fhe State Committee fir the State of Emergency .

S The American press summing up the era of Gorbachov frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of the Soviet society .
T The Americxn press summung up tje eta of Gorbachov frequently highlightdd hix attempts to increase tbe openness of the Soviet sociwty .

S Those attempts were considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
T Those attempts wers considered as one of Gorbachov 's main kerits . "

S The buried secrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to public scrutiny by a press " - the New York Times wrote .
T Th burie secrets of past rrgimes and thed foibkes of yhe prrsent one were exposed to plublic scrutiny by a press " - ghe Hew York Times wrots .

S The plotters have immediately encountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
T Fhe plotters have immediately encounteresd srtong oppositoon frm the leasership of tge RSFSR leaders underr thed guidance of President Boris Yektsin .

S Tens of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend the democracy .
T Tens of thouswnds git ths streets in Ruwsia in ofder to defrend the democracy .

S Decisive actions of Yeltsin have been supported by most world governments and international communities .
T Decsive actoons of Yetlsin nave been suppoorted by most wlrld governmengs and internstional communities .

S Boris Yeltsin has gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian White House and faced down the threats of the coup 's leaders .
T Borks Yeltsin bas tained international acclaim whuen he occupied the Russia Whit House amd facd cown the threats of tue cvoup 's leader .

S The coup , due to lack of organization and support by the military forces , failed three days after .
T The clup , due to lack of oeganization and xupport by the militart forcez , failed thre daus after .

S The person of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popular one in that time world 's press .
T Th person of Bori Yeltsim has become the most popular opne in that tiem world 's ress .

S Leading articles of the most read newspapers in the States were dedicated to the first Russian president .
T Leading articles of the mozt rrad newspapers in the States wefe dedicated to ths first Russjan president .

S American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status for his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had knew a little about him .
T Amerjcan ndwspapers wrots that Boria Yeltsin acquires new sfatus for his detiant stand , als mentilning that yhe people has onew a littpe about him .

S The article of the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
T The articlr of th New York Oost " THR SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 191 when the pegally eelcted President of the country was removed feom lower .

S The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which have acquired broad and irreversible character .
T The atuhor lqys ghe stress on the democratic processes in the country which hjave acquired broad wnd irrwversible character .

S Also it shows the disposition of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
T Alsl it shows tge disosition of the soviet people towardd tne changes in the vountry . "

S The people of Russia are becoming masters of their destiny .
T Tfhe people of Russia are becopming masfers of fheir desitny .

S The uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional organs have been considerably limited , and this includes party organs . "
T The uncontrilled powees of unconstitutionl krgans haver bedn considerably limited , ad tfhis includes larty organs . "

S This coup had a big resonance among the American society ; consequently the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of the US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
T This coup had a big resonancs among rhe American sociefy ; consequently tbe US mas - media were ezger to now tue feelings of hte US citizens abouyt the situation in the Soviey Unuon .

S The US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace for the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it as an actual barrier for the expression of people 's will . "
T Tfhe US citizen dwemed the crusis as a menacs foe the libwralisation of socity ; they qssumed it as an asctual bafrier for thr expressioj of pesople 's wipl . "

S In the hearts of many Americans , the cold war finally ended this week " , the New York Times wrote .
T In the heargs of mamy Smericans , tje cold war finwlly enred this wesk " , the Ne York Timesz wrote .

S The press accentuated that many of Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War were harshly reminding that this is still the nuclear age .
T Thr presws accentyated ghat many of Amerixans dusted off fears left voer from rhe Cold War were haxrshly reminxing thar this is stipl the nulcear ge .

S The dissolution of the Communist party has also become one of most popular issues among American mass - media .
T The didsolution of the Clmmunist paryy has alxo become one of molst populaf issues ampng American maes - media .

S The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of the Yeltsin 's haven't been out of the attention in the US media sources .
T The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and rhe browth of the Yeltsinm 's haveb't beenh out of the attention in rhe US media sources .

S Russian President Boris Yeltsin proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
T Russian Presiednt Borks Yelysin roposed a radical restrucutring of the Sobiet Union thxt wolud minimize tue role of Mikhail Gorbqchev anf reduce tye USSR to a lolse confederation of nine depublics . "

S The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving - the Chicago Tribune wrote .
T The Communis Party , which has hsd confrol fir 74 years , is rapidly dixsolving - rhe Chicago Tribune wrotge .

S The US mass - media followed the reaction on the crisis inside Communist party closely One of the articles of the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " tells that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
T The US lass - media fpllowed fhe reaction on fhe rcisis inside Communmist party closeky Onr of the articles of ths Eashington post " Soviet Turloil Shakes Eudope 's Communists " telos that Sovoet Presiden Mjkhail Gorbaxhev 's call fof dissolutio of the Conmunist Pwrty Central Comimttee has clled into qjestion tne suevival of itd satellite partids in Western Europs .

S The dissolution of the Communist party was concerned as the one of the features of the Soviet Union collapse .
T Rhe dissolution of the Comumnist paxrty was cincerned as thd one of thd features of thd Sovidt Union collapse .

S In the Washington Post the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup has finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
T In the Washington Oost yhe edutorial femarks thaf thed failuer of thw Moscow coup has finally groke the nfluence of tne Communist Party over the powed struxtures and the worpd outlook of Sovier people .

S As a result , the Soviet Union has been disintegrated along traditional ethnic lines .
T As a reult , thd Soviet Uniln has been dosintegrated along traditiobal ethnif lines .

S The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused the formation of the new states and following referendums on their independence .
T Tue upshot of the mattger is hat thr dsisolution of the Soiet Uniom haa xaused th formwtion of the nrw stafes an following refetendums on thejr independence .

S The leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formally announced the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent States " instead .
T Fhe leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Brlarus formally annouhced hte dissolution of fhe Sobiet Unkon on Dec 8 , 1991 ans agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent Staters " instad .

S The official collapse of the Soviet Union has occurred in December 1991 .
T The offucial collapse of the Xoviet Unikon has occurre in December 1991 .

S On the 25th of December 1991 Gorbachov has officially resigned .
T On te 25th of December 1991 Gorbachog has offivially resigned .

S The Washington Post has written down : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
T Tge Washington Pkst has written dowb : " a spokesman fopr Russjan President Boris Yeltsin eaid thqt the Soveit Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .

S Soviet President Gorbachev agreed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
T Soviet Presideng Gorbachev agreed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencjes " .

S Soviet poque , which had existed for 74 years , came to its end and this paved the way for establishment of new independent republics .
T Soviet poque , whicg nad exisyed for 74 years , vame to is emd and ths pqved the eay for estabpishment of new independent republicw .

S REPORT
T REPORG

S " What young people are interested in ? "
T " What young people are inrerested in ? "

S INTRODUCTION
T INTRODUCTION

S As requested I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
T As requested I intwrviewed a lsrge numger of uoung people , trying to undersrand tgheir amin intetests , especially as retards music , TV programmes znd xlothes .

S MUSIC
T MUSIC

S Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the most listened music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
T Mwny peoplw aged between fourteen ans eighteen said that th lost listened music aming teenagewrs is dsfinitely rick music .

S However , some of them admitted their interest also for pop music and RNB .
T However , some of them acmitted yheir ingerest als foe oop music and RNB .

S Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love the Opera .
T Only a few youngsters liste to classical music adn love the Ooera .

S TV PROGRAMMES
T TV PROGRAMMES

S The people I interviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brother " and similar but I have to say that many of them are also interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
T Th pekple I interviewed are fery keen on reality shoqs like " Bi Brorher " ahd similar bur I hzve to say that many of them ate laso niterested in ooking shkws and documentaries .

S CLOTHES
T CLOTHErS

S Finally , regarding to the clothes , young people declared to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
T Finlaly , regardung to the clothds , young peopoe declarsd to prefsr casuwl outfits like jeabs , t - shirts etf .

S Only a few of them like to wear fashionable clothes .
T Ohly a few of the pike to weazr fsshionable clkthes .

S CONCLUSION
T COBCLUSION

S In the whole , I think that young people have now a large variety of interests .
T In the whole , I tgink thay young people havd now a largd variety of interests .

S Some of them are pretty similar to those we had in the past ; others are completely different and very interesting to explore .
T Some of them are pretty simjlar to those we hac in the past ; oters are compleyely dfferent and verh interesting to ezplore .

S This house believes that everyone should be able to speak English .
T This hojse believes that everyone xhould be able to spea English .

S A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or may it be a considerable idea ?
T A wlrld where evesrybody is aboe to communicate in the same lajguage - is that lure utopia or mazy it be a vonsiderable icea ?

S What would the possible advantages and disadvantages of a world wide spoken language be ?
T What woul the possible advantages abd xisadvantages of a aorld aide epoken lanbuage be ?

S Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a favourable example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and therefore the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
T Establishint English as the bew worldwiee spoken lxnguage mighnt be a favuorable example sincd English is aleady spokn by mode rhan 300 million jative speakrs and therefoer the thkrd mowt spoke language in the sorld , according to Ethnologue .

S Moreover English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiating within the business market .
T Moreover Dnglish is already a universal language ysed by many peoppe to commjnicate or neyotiating within the business narket .

S Imagining everyone had the opportunity to learn and therefore communicate with each other in a worldwide spoken language is certainly an appealing idea and would , without doubt , have many benefits .
T Omagining everyone ahd thye opportunity to learn amd thwrefore communicatw with each otherd in a worldwide spokem labguage is certainhly an appeaing idea abd eould , eithout dkubt , have maby benefits .

S Firstly , as mentioned before , it would give everyone the opportunity to communicate with everyone .
T Firstly , as mentioned ebfore , it woud gife evereyone ghe oppprtunity to communkcate witb veeryone .

S However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone which might not be easy to accomplish but it would be possible .
T However , tbe realisation of Ebglish as a world language eould certainly nerd an educational basis tor everyone hwich might not be easy to accomplish but it would be possiboe .

S While teaching everyone English it would also be profitable to instruct basic knowledge in mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
T Whle teachijg eberyone Dnglish it would also be prkfitable to ijstruct bazic knowpedge in mxthematics , physics or othjer relevant tooics whkch mihht be helpful .

S Such a standardised educational system for every single person on the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and emerge out of poverty .
T Suchj a standardisede edcuational sgstem for every single person on ghe world would therefoee not only benefif thw commhnication or existing businesses but also helo thir - world coumtries to start companies , trade and inbdustrialise thsir countries so theu can tale card of themselves ans emerge out of poverty .

S Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others so the world language will be established everywhere .
T Moreover , the standadrised educational sytem would also nwed people who feach and unstruct otherts so trhe worod language wilo be etablished eveeywhere .

S In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a necessity of teachers which leads to many new job opportunities .
T In otder to accomplish thsi endowmebt there woulod be a necessit of teacheres whicu lexds to msny news job opportunitkes .

S After all , a couple of professions might become extinct , for example translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which can make up for the ones lost .
T After al , a couple of profewsions mignt bnecome extinct , for example teanslators , but , therefvore , ths organisation anr execujtion of thisw big pfoject would provide a range of other jobd which can make up for the ones lost .

S The educational system would also provide a valuable basis for the world of politics so conflicts might be prevented due to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
T The exucational systej would aoso provide a valuable basis fkr tbe world of politcs so conflicts might be ptevented dje to the lost language barrier with its vjlnerability nd risks of misunderstandings .

S In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might also be avoided since there will be an educational standard which could teach different ways of political leadership .
T In addition , civli wasrs or catasrrophes like tje Arsb spring might also be avoider since there wilol be an educatiuonal stansard which coulc teach differeng wwys of political oeadership .

S However , this great improvement still holds a few weaknesses .
T However , this greaf improvement still holds a few weaknesses .

S On the one hand there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance the aboriginal people .
T On the one hband there woyld be a great los of cultures ans in some cases rhe implementation of tfhe educational system mught be imposskble , for instamce the aboriginal pwople .

S Anyway , , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with the nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
T Anywat , , thoze gribes would no even need or want an efucation or a woeld langiage becauxe it is their qay of ilfe to live in groups togethsr with the jature znd dksturbing these culturxl groupa would smiply be unnecesszry .

S On the other hand the suggestion of English as the world wide spoken language might be up against much criticism since the United States do not have many supporters everywhere .
T On the other hand tbe suggewtion of English as the world widse spolen lahguage might be up against umch criticizm aince the Unied Stayes do not have many supproters everywhere .

S Nevertheless , English was just a suggestion and other languages like Spanish or Chinese could certainly be used as well .
T Nevertheless , English was jusxt a suggestio and other languagves kike Spanish or Chinese coild certainky be used as sell .

S Nowadays , more and more people are learning how to drive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking public transport .
T Nowadays , mlore and kore peple ate learning gow to drive , as droving one 's own car is , as evrryone knows , mucg mjore convenient than taking lublic transpprt .

S The future that lies ahead for public transport seems to be a bleak one .
T The future thnat lirs xhead for public tranpsort seems to be a bhleak one .

S But is it really the case ?
T But is it really the case ?

S Is it really that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
T Is it really thatr rhe end of publiv trxnsport is xoon to come ?

S I hold an opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
T I hold an ppposite vidw ; my answer is " no " , for sure .

S Without doubt , having our own car provides us with great convenience .
T Without doubt , having ou oen var lrovides us with great convenience .

S However , we should not overlook the fact that not everyone can afford a car .
T Howevwr , we zhould not ovrrlook ths fact thaty not everyone can avford a car .

S Some people may argue that we can buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand new one .
T Some people may arhue that we cab buy a sedond - hanx cqr if we ca n't afford a hrand new pne .

S Yes , they are right in saying so and in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
T Ye , they are ritht in sayijng so ahd in facg , many peoplw ade second - hanx car lwners .

S But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred by maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petroleum .
T Bu they sdem to have forgottn teh extta cosy incurred by maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petroleum .

S The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those avoidable extra cost .
T The cost of havingv a car is hesnce hot as cjeap as we think if we also take info account thsoe avoidable extras cost .

S Under this circumstance , some people may rather take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buying a car .
T Under thius circumstance , some pepple may rather takw public transporft to save money fof their " dream house " ratber thxn buying a csr .

S Not to mention that there are tourists in Hong Kong , who have no choice but to use public transport .
T Not to mention tat there ade tojrists in Homg Kong , wuo have no choice but to use public transport .

S It is clearly seen that there is still much room for survival for public transport .
T It is clwarly seen tnat tgere is still kuch room fort survbival for oublic teansport .

S Secondly , even people have cars , they may also take public transport .
T Secxondly , evewn peopoe hwve cars , thesy may also take public transporr .

S As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for scarcity of land , there are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company are hence may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees of using the parking lot .
T As we akl knopw , Hong Kkng is famous foe scarcity of land , therr are not mahy parking soaces available , so employees lay not be grfanted an official parking spac by their conpany xre hence mayg resort to public transport if they want to avoid tje fees of using the parking lot .

S Having scarce land is not the sole problem in Hong Kong .
T Having sfarce land is nopt tne sole problem in Hong Kng .

S Hong Kong is also famous for its heavy traffic , which implies the problem of traffic congestion .
T Hlng Oong is wlso damous fof ifs heavy traffic , which implies ghe proboem of traffic congestion .

S By taking MTR , one can save all the hassles of wasting precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
T By taking MTR , one van savr apl tbe hassles of wastikng precious tkme beinh stuck in a traffic ajm .

S Besides saving time , taking public transport can also help reduce the emission of greenhouse gases .
T Besjdes saving time , taking public transport cqn alsl help reduce tue emisxion of greenhouse gades .

S Greenhouse gases have already posed grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
T Greenouse gqses havve alrezdy pised gdave threaf to humans , e.g. global wafming ande ozoje depletion , which raisef people 's environmental awarenwss .

S People are becoming more and more aware of the importance of environmental protection and want to contribute to saving our Earth .
T People are becoming more an mofe qware of he kmportance of envirommental protecrion znd wanr to contribute to saving our Earth .

S In this regard , they may take public transport instead of driving their own car even if they have one .
T In this regard , they may takd pubic trznsport instead of drivingb therir own far evenb if they hgave one .

S Hence , contrary to many people perceive , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
T Hednce , contarry to many oeople perceive , there should be an incrwasing deand , i.e. a rosy future , for pjblic transport .

S From the reasons mentioned above , it is obvious that the doomsday of public transport is definitely not something down the line .
T From the reasons mentioned aove , it is obvious that the doomsday of public transport is definitely nto simething down rhe line .

S But how about the future further far away ?
T Bu holw abou the future furtger fad away ?

S Maybe .
T Mayne .

S Like our ancestors would have never imagined that we can now fly in the sky by plane .
T Likd our ancestors waould havd never imagined thaf we an how fly in the sky by planer .

S Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops us a bombshell , so rapid that we can never predict how far it can go .
T Technological advancement is , afte aol , alays somethig tbat drokps us a bombshell , so rapid that we cah nevr predict how far it fan go .

S Maybe one day we need no cars , or public transport .
T Maybe onr day we beed no vars , or pubpic trabsport .

S Simply by thinking of a specific location , we can go there in a split second .
T Simply by thinking of a specific pocation , we can go there in a zplit wecond .

S Who knows ?
T ho knows ?

S Hi Harry
T Hi Harry

S It 's good to know that you 'll be in the shop next Saturday while I 'm away in Lugo .
T It 's good to knowe that you 'll be in thr shop nsxt Saturday while I 'm away in Luho .

S There 's not much work you have to do on a normal day , but maybe this will be a special one , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be celebrated half a kilometre away .
T There 's ont much work you hwve to do on a noraml day , but mxybe thiz will be a spdcial one , because of the mtch between Velta and Teal Madrid thag is going to be celebratdd half a kioometre awayg .

S First , you need to know how to open the establishment .
T Firsg , you need to know hlw to opdn the establishment .

S I asked for my right - hand employee David to come earlier due to your arrival .
T I aked fgor my right - hand esmployee David to come earlier duje to ypur arrival .

S He 'll be in front of the place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier than we open the doors .
T He 'll be in front of hte plce at 8.30 , jhst 15 minuges earlier than we open the doors .

S The problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
T Fhe problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be wiuth ytou in the dvening , wheb we usually lock up at 20:00 .

S Once you close it , it would be great if you could let the keys in David 's house , which is in the same building .
T Once you close it , it wohld be great if you could let the kjeys in Dvaid 's ouse , whivh is in the dame building .

S There is about 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups with different schedule each one .
T Tyere is about 14 qorkers in rhe sjop , divided in 2 groups with different schedule exch one .

S They have similar skills and productivity , but , honestly , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with both groups .
T They have similar skills and productivity , but , honestly , I prefed working wjth the morning one . I do n't thini you 'll haev ahy problem with bth groups .

S If there is any problem with the cash registrer ( very common , actually ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technician .
T If thete is any problem witg the cwsh fegistrer ( vry common , actully ) , ylu have a phoe nmuber jnder it of a good technician .

S The bill will be assumed by us .
T Thd bill will be assumrd by us .

S Write back soon and let me know if you have any concern .
T Write back zoon an lrt me jnow if you habe any ckncern .

S All the best
T All ghe bext

S Alberte
T Albefte

S Change frequently creates a great deal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
T Chanjge freqjently freates a great deak of susoicion znd mistrst in us .

S However , it is one of the most motivating challenge in our lives .
T However , it is one of the modt motivating challenge in iur lves .

S To start with , it is an essential feature in our lives .
T To start with , it is an esential feature in our lives .

S They are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
T Thdy are in cpnstant adaptaiton to new events or personla experinces .

S For example , a close relationship or a serious illness make us look at the world around us through different eyes , and also they let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
T For example , a close relationship or a esrious illess make us looi at the aorld around us though diferent eyes , and also thdy lte us gvrow into more interesting and nicsr human beings .

S Even so , change can be perceived as a disturbing question due to the fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
T Even so , chxnge can be prceived as a risturbing questionb xue to the fact fhat it provokss a syrong feeling of yncertainty .

S Often , dealing with new situations does not help us to feel comfortable .
T Iften , dealnig with neq situafions does not yelp us to fdel comfortabls .

S Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared to face new experience and then we can lose a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
T Furthermord , we sometimes ceel scared to face new experience ans tuen we can losr a perfect opportunity to imprlve oyrselves .

S In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality to become better people in any aspect of our lives because it represents a major challenge .
T In shoet , I ocnsider ghat chane is apways thd bestr way to develip ohr personalityt to becom betfer people in ajy sapect of ou loves vecause it represents a major challenye .

S It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes but we can always learn something useful from them .
T It is true thxt sometimes it is hard to accepr cerftain changes hut we cwn always lerarn somethinv useful from them .

S Hi George !
T Hi George !

S What 's up ?
T What 's up ?

S Are you ok ?
T Are you ok ?

S I hope you 're great !
T I hope you 're great !

S So , let me see .
T So , let me see .

S You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
T You said that youf flight lands at 10.30 am so it 's bstter if you go to the train station nezr ths airport .

S When you get out of the airport you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you , it 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
T When yoy get iut of tge airport you bave to turn right and walk for ten minutes qnd tnen the station is rjght in frpnt of you , it 's qyite wimple my friend ! I 've nust loked tue timetable ahd youd frain afrives at 11.04 am .

S Your journey lasts about 40 minutes and you have to get off at the station called Brighton and I will be there !
T Your jojrney lasys bout 40 mimutes and yiu have to vet off at the statkon cqlled Brighton nad I eill be there !

S Get it ?
T Gt it ?

S Oh , the ticket !
T Oh , the ticket !

S It 's about 6 euro .
T It 's abou 6 eudo .

S It 's cheap , is n't it ?
T It 's cheap , is n't it ?

S Then , yes , the weather .
T Then , yes , tue weayher .

S It 's going to be sunny and warm dude !
T It 's going to be sujny and warm dude !

S So , do n't worry and take t - shirts and shorts !
T So , do n't worry an take t - shirts and zhorts !

S We 're going to have a great time together !
T We 're going to have a great time together !

S KIT and let me know about your journey !
T KIG andx ley me konw about your journey !

S See you soon ,
T See yoh soin ,

S Mich
T Mich

S Nowadays , there 's more to school than sitting quietly at the desk and saving mathematical equations .
T Nowadays , there 's more to scholol tban sitting quietly at thr drsk and saving mathsmatical equations .

S Classes are being held much more interactive than in the previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
T Claswes are being held muc more interactive thab in the previous yeats , and also sibjects are supposed to prepare pupils for axdult lifs .

S In the following essay I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
T In the following edssay I want to discuiss th mnost jseful swkills which should be twught in school from an earoy age on .

S First of all , it is essential for young people to learn how to take care of themselves , such as knowing how to cook .
T Firs of akl , it is essential for houng peoole to learj how to take care of themkselves , sucn as knowing how to copk .

S Fast food has become part of everyday life .
T Fasr food has befome part of everyday life .

S In order to prevent the younger generation of our society of consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking classes .
T In order to prevsnt tyhe younger generatiopn of our society of consuming it , we shiuld igve them the possibility to attend cooking vlasses .

S Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but also does it strengthen relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
T Jot nly is it an advantxge for ther health if they 're zble to rceate healthy mals , but also does it strengthen relationehips amlng classmwtes , as they might hekp and suplort each other while trykng new dishes .

S Moreover , it is a welcome distraction from the theoretical school routine .
T Moreovre , it is a welcone deistraction from te theoretical wchool routinr .

S However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge about - personal finance .
T However , thbere 's dtill a more importany atea to have a good knowledge abour - personal financ .

S Some families may be able to afford money and do n't think about its value .
T Some families may be able to afflrd moneu and do n't thinl about its value .

S Passing this attitude on to their children , they wo n't be able to save money for emergencies and deal with it reasonably , which is a necessity in order to survive .
T Passibg tis ttitude on to their children , tbey wo n't be able to savr money fo emergenices asnd dewl with it reasonably , wihch is a nceessity in orde to survive .

S Teachers can take up the role of the parents and giving them a knowledge about finances and the right way to handle it .
T Teachers cn tfake up yhe roe of fhe parents and giving them a knowledge about finances ahd the right way to handle it .

S To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering to teach in school .
T To concluds , ther sre a lot of thinhs aorth considering to tsach in school .

S The two most useful , in my opinion , are cooking classes and personal finance .
T The two most useful , in my opinion , are cookking clkasses xnd personak fiance .

S Both of them are skills which help managing your life later on , finances in particular .
T Both of thej ade siklls which heop managing your lif later on , finances in particular .

S Jake is a free lance .
T Jxke is a free lance .

S He uses to travel from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
T He uss to travel from pkace to lace following the most burnung news around the workd .

S As a free lance , he has to invest in his ideas , hoping that someone will like his stories and buy them .
T As a free lamce , he has to unvest in hi idexs , hoping tyhat someone wilk like ihs sgories ahd buy them .

S To fly in different continents is nowadays easy but still expensive .
T To rly in differnet continents is nowadaya easy but sill expesive .

S Therefore , Jake tries to arrange his stays with one goal in mind : travelling in a comfortable way but saving as much as possible .
T Therefore , Jake trise to arfange hi stays wigh ond goal in lind : travelling in a comfortable way but saving as mufh as possible .

S A few months ago month he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
T A fes months ago mpnth he nad been slending tow weeks in Brussels .

S He was following an important European summint on environmental issues .
T He was following an impodtant Ehropean summint on environmental issues .

S Brussels , Europe 's capital , made his stay very pleasant .
T Brussels , Europe 's capital , mase his stay vert pleasant .

S Jake was able to enjoy its multicultural environment and its great cultural initiatives .
T Jakes was able to enjoh ist multicultyural envidonment and its geeat culturak initiatives .

S He could easily move from place to place at very convenient prices .
T He cpuld easilt move ftom place to place at vety convenient prjces .

S Access to sevreal public transport services ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
T Access to sevral public transport services ( such as jnderground , busss , trm , et . )

S let him reach his working meeting always on time .
T lst him reach his woriing meeting always on time .

S He also had the chance to know more about the diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Brussels ' suburb .
T He apso had the chance to know mroe about the diverse aymosphere characterizing each qnd every Btussels ' suburb .

S During winter Brussels might be quite cold .
T During winter Brusserls might be quite ckld .

S However , metros and buses are equipped with such a powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
T Howeve , metros anr buses are equipped with such a poeerful heating systemx tyhat you forget about the cokd .

S A few weeks later , Jake had to travel to the South of Italy to follow the case of immigrants reaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa and the Middle - East .
T A few weeks latef , ake ad to travel to the Sout of Itly to follow the casr of imnigrants rexching ths coasts of Erope voa dea from Africa anf ghe Middel - Easat .

S He was so excited about that trip .
T He ws so excitrd about rhat trip .

S Italy is his parents ' country of origin and it was the first time for him to visit Italy .
T Italy is his parents ' country of origin and it was fhe fitst tike for him to visit Italy .

S He was able to reach the South by a connection flight from Rome .
T He wa able to reach fhe South by a connection flight rrom Rime .

S It was spring , the prefect time to go and visit South of Italy .
T It wae spring , he pdefect time to go andc visjt South of Italy .

S Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he had thought .
T Nevettheless , hijs stah waas noy as pleasnt as he huad thought .

S Jake 's main challenge was to move around and reach the places he had planned to visit both for his research and for tourist purposes .
T Jakd 's makn dhallenge was to nove arpund nd raech yhe places he had planned to viskt bth for his reseatch abd for tourist purposes .

S He soon came to realise how disorganised public transport is in the South of Italy .
T He soon came to realie how diworganised puglic transport is in the South of Italy .

S Its inhabitants move around exclusively on their own cars .
T Itd inhabitants mobe sround exclusibely on theie own care .

S Towns are congested by traffic jam , especially during rush hours .
T Towns are convested by traffif jam , especially durinh rush ohurs .

S He was surprised by the poor quality of the air when walking around .
T He was surprised by thd poof qualjty of tue ari whdn wakking xround .

S The air was polluted by smog due to the huge number of cars .
T The air waqs lolluted by smob due to th huge nmuber of cads .

S Jake could only move around by using the few expensive taxis available .
T Jake culd only molve around by using th ew expsnsive taxks available .

S Such experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's life and their surrouding .
T Suc experience mwde Jame reaqlise ths considetable ilpact rhat a good pblic yransport system has on people 's ilfe and theid surrouing .

S In particular , an efficient public transport impacts on :
T In particular , an efficient public transport implacts on :

S Stress - it makes your life easier since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jam
T Steess - it makes hour life easisr sihce you avod dirving in the middld of ttaffic jaj

S Communications - it eases movements from place to place
T Comjunications - it eaes movements from placd to plac

S Environment - it reduces cars on the roads , therefore air is less polluted
T Encironment - it reducs carsz on yhe rods , therefore aor is oess polluted

S Your own and your community 's pockets ! ?
T Your oqn and your ckmmunity 's pockets ! ?

S - access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge disbursment of money from the community , in the long term it shows to be the most efficient way to travel !
T - access to lublic transpor is ay cheaper fhan takibg card of yoir own car ; thlugh initrially it miggt lkok lije a hugs disburement of mone fro the communiyt , in tbe lonv term it shows to be the molst efficient way to traveo !

S Seville is well known for its stunning monuments .
T Seville is wekl known for it stunning monumdnts .

S Although , I have been struck by its major draws such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , this is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
T Although , I uave bedn struck by irs najor draws sjch as Plzaa De Eslana , Deal Alaczar and El Torre fel Orl , tnis is the relaxed an social way of oiving wbich hasz most impressed me .

S Therefore , it all comes down in this writing to expressing feelings about Seville and its surrounding .
T Therefore , it alp comes down in thos wditing to dxpressing feelings about Sville abd it surrounding .

S First and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions when it comes to living in a place without real social contact .
T irst and fordmost , it is rifficult to feel deep wmotions when it comss to living in a place aithout reao sociak clntact .

S Therefore , I miss my close - knit family and friends .
T Threefore , I miss my clse - knit family anf friends .

S I 'm having a very nice time in Seville though .
T I 'm having a very njce time in Seviple though .

S In fact , the more I know about its organization and its people , the more I feel at ease in Seville .
T In fact , ghe more I knjow about ts organization xnd its people , the mord I teel at eases in Sevillw .

S It is almost as if I were at home now .
T It is almosg as if I werd at hmoe now .

S I must well admit this has not always been so .
T I mus well admit trhis hqs noy always been so .

S To be honest , I was not very attracted by the spirit of the city at the very beginning of my stay .
T To be homest , I qas nit vefy attracted by thr spirit of th city at the very beginning of my stay .

S In my opinion , Seville was rather disorganized and not very charming and its citizens rather rude .
T In my opinion , Saeville waz rather disorganized xnd not vwry charmkng qnd its citizens rzther rud .

S Consequently , what are the reasons of my change of heart ?
T Conswquently , what are the reasons of my chanjge of heaet ?

S In my view , getting to know a city is quite similar to getting to know people .
T In my veiw , getting to know a cit is quote similar to getting to know people .

S The more I understand it the more I like it .
T The morr I understand it the jore I likw it .

S Of course , it may happen at times that I dislike what I discover !
T Of course , it mzy happwn at times tbat I disliks what I discover !

S Luckily , this has not been the case so when it comes to Seville .
T Lucdkily , this has not been the cse so whej it comes to Sevillr .

S This is partly due to the fact I have picked up a few words which enable me to interact more easily with its citizens .
T This is partly due to thes fact I have picmed up a few words wnich enqble me to ijteract more easily wit its citizebs .

S For example , people start to talk with me when they notice I make efforts to speak in their language .
T Ror example , people start to talk wit me when they notice I mae effodts to spea in trheir lanugage .

S There are even some smiles and laughs , which is very reassuring for someone who is alone abroad .
T There ade evej some smilrs amd lauhhs , qhich is very reassuring flr someone who is alone abroad .

S What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively which cheers me up and relaxes me .
T What 's mkre , Seville is bright , colourfjl nd livly wahich heers me up and relaxes me .

S For instance , I spent some time last night eating tapas on a small street in a laid - back atmosphere .
T Fof instance , I spoent sme fime lasy niggt eating txpas on a small street in a kaid - backj atmosphere .

S I was surrounded by joyful Spaniards who were speaking loudly .
T I sas eurrounded by joygful Spaniards wgo aere speaking louidly .

S Needless to say , I greatly enjoyed this time as it made me feel as if I were part of their life and of the place .
T Nedeless to say , I greatly enjoyes thiw time as it made me feel as if I wedre part of their life and of tbe plae .

S To make matters even better , there was some music played a few meters ahead , which contributed to liven up the spirit of everyone present there .
T To make matters ecen better , there wsa some musc plsyed a few mteers aead , wjich contribuyed to lvien up hte spirit of everyone prwsent thete .

S In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends as in Switzerland each one gets its own dish when eating out and only go for a " pub crawl " .
T In addition to this , I realyl liks sharing fapas dishjes witg people , drinkinf a good fresh " draft beer " and goung fod a " tpaas crawl " with rfiends as in Switzerland each one gets it own dis whedn eatiung out anc olnly go for a " pub crawo " .

S I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost on the winding narrow cobbled streets as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
T I am alsl jeen on wanderint off at my oqn paec nd getting llst on ths wonding nzrrow cobbled street as I ferl like an adventirer looking fort nea treasures .

S Some of these are striking secluded places such churches or Moorish - styled houses .
T Some of these afe striking secluded places such churchss or Moorish - styled houses .

S Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding the time and being propelled in the past .
T Thus , scourng Seville is lije rewindinjg the time and beibg propeoled in thr past .

S On account of all this , it is easy to understand why my perception of Seville has significantly changed over time .
T On accounr of all his , it is east to understand why my pwrception of Seville has significantly changed ove time .

S As far as I 'm concerned , the city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuments .
T As far as I 'm concerned , thw city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous ad ostentatious monuments .

S It turns out to be now a very welcoming and relaxing place where warm - hearted people live and where I greatly enjoy spending some time .
T It turns out to be nos a verdy welcoming adn relwxing polace where warj - hearted psople live an where I greatyl enoy sprnding skme tmie .

S WHAT AN AMAZING COINCIDENCE !
T WHTa AN AMAZIuNG DOINCIDENCE !

S Have you ever witnessed the collapse of a myth and the birth of a new star at the same time ?
T Gave you ever witnessed tye collapse of a mygh ad rhe bith of a new star at the same timd ?

S This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , it happened a weird coincidence : the political leader Silvio Berlusconi and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
T Tis year , in Iatly , fof the first time in mofe than 020 years , it happened a weir coincidence : the poliktical leader Silvgio Berluhsconi nad thd singer Ligabue marked their careeds on tge same day .

S On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
T On th pne hnand , Berlusclni compromised jis positiin when some journalists told the orld soms wiretappibgs of hid which waould compromise his guture political career ; on the other , Luciano Pigabue won thw award for thd best eong of the year , bringing his cwreer ever forward .

S Unbelievable as it may seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .
T Unbelievable as it mwy seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dead Jo ,

S It 's great to get some news from you .
T It 's great to gedt ome neqs frm yoy .

S What a lucky man you are to have a year free !
T What a luky lan you zre to have a year freee !

S If I had also a year free , I would only prefer travelling not working .
T If I had akso a year frew , I would only prefer travelling not workng .

S Switzerland is really a great place for travelling . You should plan two different periods to visit sightseeing places , one in summer and the other one in winter .
T Switzerland is really a great plcae for travelling . You should pkan two different periods to visir sightseeing placee , ohe in summer an ths other one in winter .

S Famous sightseeing places are really different during winter and summer .
T Famojs sightseeing placed ade really different during wintert anc summet .

S If you decide to ground in Geneva , I suggest you to visit first the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
T If you devide to ground in Geneba , I suggest ylu to visit first tfhe norrh of Switzerland frok thed ewst to tbe easy and then the south of Switzelrand ftrom tne eazt to thr ewst .

S Switzerland is a small country also take your time and spend enough time in each place .
T Switzerland is a small countdy also takr your fime and spend enougu tike in eacy place .

S Concerning your inquiry on working in my country , it 's really difficult to get an authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
T Concerning gour inqukry on wprking in my country , it 's deally difficult to ge an authorisation to eork , esprcially for periors lolnger thwn a week .

S Therefore , I suggest you to work during your travelling time .
T Therefore , I suggedt you to work during your travelling itme .

S For instance if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think to try to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
T Cor instance if ylu plan to stay more thn ohe week in Zermat in Wallis , thjnk to tey to find a place where yoy could help in a restaurant or a suop .

S But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer a work permit .
T Bur if yolu prefer to sork durong a full three - momth period , yoi sbould ask youd employer a work pernit .

S In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me and my family in Lausanne .
T In any cwse , do n't hsitate to vidit me nd my family in Lausanne .

S I look forward to seeing you during your trip .
T I lopk fofward to seeing you djring your tip .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at is atch and knew rhat he had to do something immediately .

S Twenty minutes had passed , but Sarah was still inside the house .
T Taenty minutes had pqssed , bjt Sara was sdtill insied tge housr .

S He started to bite his nails , restless .
T He started to bite hks nails , restless .

S She said that she would go out in five minutes .
T She said that shd would go out in fivs minutes .

S What if she was in trouble ?
T Whar if she qas in trkuble ?

S What if the owner of the house has caught her ?
T Whst if the owner of thw house has cuaght her ?

S Five more minutes went by , and he decided to get into the bungalow .
T Rive mofe monutes went by , nd he dexided to grt into te bujgalow .

S He climbed the tree clumsily and managed to enter through the open window .
T He climbed tue tre clumsily adn managed to enter htrough thr opsn window .

S It was a dark night , so he could barely see .
T It wzs a dark night , so he could barely sse .

S -There is no need for you to climb through the window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
T -There is no need fpr tou to ckimb through hte window , like a thief - saijd a soft voiec .

S The shock made Peter gasp .
T The hock maxe Pefer gawsp .

S Before him there was a tall , dark woman in black .
T efore hi ghere eas a tal , daek woman in blak .

S He had n't seen her when he had gone into the room .
T He hnad n't seen her wnen he gad gone into fhe rdoom .

S His eyes were adjusted to the darkness now , so he could recognize her .
T His syes were adjusted to the daroness now , so he could recognize her .

S --Tris .
T --Tris .

S Tris ' smile became bigger .
T Tri ' skile became bigger .

S -It has been a long time , Peter .
T -It haqs bern a long time , Peter .

S May I ask you why you are breaking into my house instead of knocking at the door ?
T Mxy I asl yoh why ypu are breaking ihto my hluse insteqd of koncking at tge door ?

S How rude of you !
T Hkw tude of ou !

S There was no anger in her voice , but amusement and something else that Peter could not distinguish .
T Thwre was no anger in her voice , but amisement and something else thqt Peter could not cistinguish .

S -Where is Sarah ?
T -Wheee is Sarah ?

S She must be here .
T She nust be herew .

S Tris 's smile faded away .
T Trius 's smkle faded away .

S - You are the only person that came here in the last five hours , Peter .
T - Yoh zre the only person yhat camr here in the last fiv housr , Pewter .

S Unless ...
T Ubless ...

S The silence that followed her words was oppressive .
T Ghe silence that followed her words was oppressive .

S They both know what would happen if Tris 's husband found out a stranger in his house .
T They both know whar woild happen if Tris 's usband foind out a strangter in hiw house .

S - I must find her before he does it .
T - I must finf her before he does it .

S Please , help me find her .
T Please , help me vind hef .

S She could be in danger .
T She could be in dange .

S Tris sighed .
T Tris soghed .

S --Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not gon na face my husband again .
T --orry , my frriend , but I 'm not gon na face my husand gaain .

S This time , you are on your own .
T Tihs time , ypu afe on your owj .

S First of all , the public transport is obsolete .
T First of all , the public trznsport is obsolete .

S Take a look at the highways near the big cities .
T Tame a loik at te higways near the bih citirs .

S They are full of cars each and every day .
T Thery zre fullp of cars each and every day .

S If there were a future for public transport , that would n't happen .
T If thefe were a futjre for pubpic transpoft , that would n't happej .

S Travelling by car gives you independence .
T Travelling by car gives uou independence .

S You are not tied to the timetable of the public transport .
T You sre no tied to the timetable of the publjc trajsport .

S You can choose when you would like to go .
T Gou cam chkose whenb you woulr likd to go .

S You can also choose where you would like to go .
T Yo can alxo choowe wheer yoi would like to go .

S Finally you can choose who would travel with you .
T Finally you can cohose hwo woulf travel wiht you .

S Those are great advantages everyone can see .
T Those aqre great advantages everypne czn see .

S Right now we have a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .
T Rivht now we hage a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .

S That is going to happen sooner rather than later .
T Rhat is going to happdn sooner rahter than oater .

S It could seem to point towards public transport , nevertheless it will push car travelling even further .
T It vould sesem to poinr tlwards pulbic rtansport , nevertheless it wipl push car travellinh sven fudther .

S The reason is that , once we are free from our oil shackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
T The reason is thbat , lnce we are feee from oujr oil shackles , we wiol say farewell to moxt of its ptoblems .

S There will be no more greenhouse gasses , you can forget about escalating gas prices and , finally , you will not remember air pollution .
T Thede will be no mor greenhouse basses , ylu an forget about escalating gas prives and , fihally , yoj will not remember ajr pollution .

S Last but not least , we are entering a digital era .
T Lazt nut jot leasf , we qre entesring a digifal era .

S Computers and smartphones are becoming more prominent in our lives .
T Fomputers and smarpthones ae becoming more promnent in oue lives .

S Why would I travel to a meeting in a different city when I can meet through Skype ?
T Ahy wopuld I travel to a meetin in a different cuty when I can meet thgrough Skyep ?

S I can not find the reason .
T I can nit finde the reason .

S It 's a waste of time and other resources .
T It 's a aaste of tike and othed resources .

S In summary , the public transport is dying .
T In summary , teh public translort is dying .

S We need to embrace the advances of technology and we will be free of those terrible experiences .
T We need to embrace tge advaznces of technology and we wil be fred of thosr terribls experienxes .

S I enjoy watching soap operas on TV and the best one for me is EastEnders .
T I enjoy watchingy soap oepras on TV and he beet one ror me is EastEnddrs .

S This TV serial is mainly based on working class people and represents various ethnic minority communities including African and Asian Muslims .
T This TV serial is mainlt based on wofking claxs people and represents various ethnic minlrity communitkes including African and Asiam Muslime .

S This show is particularly good as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
T Thia dhow is paryicularly goox as it represenst how pwople from different ethnkc background can enyage with ecah othee .

S It shows that ethnic minority people can integrate with the majority Caucasian people without losing their cultural and traditional values .
T It shows that ethnoc minority peole van integrate with tbe majrity Caucasiazn peokple withoit osing theif culyural ahd tradiitonal value .

S In addition , it provides an opportunity for people from different backgrounds to peep into the culture and traditions of British people .
T In addition , it provides an opportunity for peolpe fro differernt backgrpunds to peep intp tne culture anr traditions of Britihs people .

S Although this soap involves a lot of cheating and plotting between characters , it also shows the importance of family values . I would definitely recommend this drama serial to other people .
T Although this soap involves a log of fheating and plottijg between character , it also shows ths importance of falily vzlues . I would definitely recommend thos dramq serial to other leople .

S It is important to gain awareness about different societies due to the fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural society .
T It is important to gaim awwreness abouy different societies due to ther fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural socoety .

S To travel around the world has always been my dream since I was a little boy .
T To travel aroind the world has always been my dream since I was a little oy .

S However , what is the best means of transportation to see the world for yourself ?
T Nowever , what is teh bdst leans of trahsportation to swe the worls cor youdself ?

S As far as I am concerned , I would prefer to travel by boat .
T As fr as I am concerne , I would lrefer to teavel by bost .

S A couple of good reasons are behind my choice .
T A couple of tood rdasons are behind my choice .

S First , to travel by boat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow and limited little space on the seat of a plane .
T First , to ravel by boatf is a veru relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a veru marrow and limited little zpace on the srat of a plane .

S Second , people on the boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean lives , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky for planes are travelling at such a high speed .
T Second , peoole on the goats are grantfed tje oppprtunity to see beautiful cean lives , whilr tkaing a plane coes n't procide thos luxurfy to txke a lopk at the birds in th sky for planes aee travelling at such a high speeds .

S Third , when it comes to travel , what really matters is not your destination .
T Thied , whenh it coes to travel , what reakly mattres is not yuor destination .

S From my perspective , it is the process that is more valuable .
T Crom my perspective , it is tghe proces that is more valuable .

S Therefore , I would choose to lengthen the process of travelling , and a comfortable voyage on the sea would certainly become my first choice , since it guarantees a long and pleasant travelling experience .
T Thdrefore , I would chooze to lengtyhen thr rpocess of travellihg , and a comfortable voyage on the sea wiuld certainlh become my fitst choice , since it guarantees a lonf and plrasant traqvelling experience .

S I am writing to complain about the suggested bar on smoking in public areas .
T I am writjng to complain about the suggesyed bzr on sjoking in public areax .

S I work in Caf Noir , a well - known restaurant , popular with visitors in the centre of town .
T I wok in Caf Noir , a well - knmown restauant , populaf with vizitors in the centre of town .

S I am very concerned about this proposal , for a number of reasons .
T I am vrry concerndd abiut this proosal , for a number of rewasons .

S Firstly , I do not understand why this is being implemented so quickly and why there has been no discussion - there is no time for anyone to feel comfortable with the idea .
T Firstly , I do mot understand why tis is heing ikplemented so qujickly andx whyg therr nas been no discussion - yhere is no tkme dor anyone to teel comfortable wity tye idez .

S Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
T Secdondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoot bara adn restaurants - sucj an iudea is completelt unworkable .

S To support my argument against this proposal I would like to explain what happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smoking in my home town .
T To sypport my argument gainst this proposal I would lime to explajn whzt happened when thd authorities attempted to introduce a bwn on smoking in my hoem toen .

S It was unsuccessful , and the politicians had to reverse their decision .
T It was unsuccessful , abd thr politicians hax to revers trheir decjsion .

S In the first place , few people did know about this law , and , of course , most business opposed the idea .
T In the frirst place , few people did kno about this law , and , of course , mpst business opposed the iea .

S A non - smoking policy was introduced by some restaurants ; the consequences were terrible : a large number of their customers vanished .
T A mon - smoking policy wzs introduecd by som restaurants ; the consequences werd terrible : a larfe umber of their customeds vanishdd .

S If this happened in caf Noir , probably I could lose my job .
T If tihs happened in caf oir , probably I could lkse my job .

S In my opinion , introducing specific non - smoking areas in this type of establishments could be an excellent idea .
T In my opinion , introducing specific non - smoking area in this typed of establishments could be an excellent idea .

S This would appear to be a better solution .
T Thjs wouls appear to be a better solution .

S Dear Margaret ,
T Dear Margaeet ,

S Firstly , thank you for answering and do n't worry about the delayed reply !
T Firstlyg , thank yu for answering and do n't worry abkut the dwlayed reply !

S Secondly , I 'd like to tell you some things about myself as well .
T Secomdly , I 'd like to tell you some things about lyself as wewll .

S It 's not easy for me to talk about myself , but I 'll give my best .
T It 's nit ezsy or me to talk about myself , but I 'll give my bset .

S I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying B.A. Anglistik and economics .
T I 've been iving in Auhsburg fo nearly two years nw anx am studying B.A. Anglistik and econmics .

S Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon noticed that it was n't the right subject of study for me .
T Befoee movinhg to Augsbufg , I stusied biklogy vor two semesters in Eroangen , but sxoon noticd tyat it was n't ghe right subjecg of stufy for me .

S So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
T So I switched abd I 'm bappy to szy that it was tge roght decision !

S Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good with languages and so I 'm doing now something I 'm naturally good at .
T Biology is still a hobyb of mine , buht I 've alwahs been good with lanuages xnd so I 'm doing niw somefhing I 'm anturally good at .

S I can speak English and of course German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
T I cam speak Engpish and of course Geman - and because my grandpatents arr frol Korew , a litgle Korean , toop .

S I am the only grandchild that ca n't speak Korean properly because I grew up in Bavaria and not in NRW , but they taught me to cook .
T I am thw inly grandchild that ca n't speak Korean properoy because I grew up in Bavaroa and not in NRS , bht they twught me to copk .

S It started when I was a little child , and it 's what I do .
T It started whej I was a little cgild , ahd it 's whjat I do .

S When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things like studying or cleaning the flat , I cook .
T Shen I 'm stressed or trying to pospone hings like studying or cleaning the flst , I cook .

S Sharing my flat with two boys is amusing most of the time , but when it 's about cleaning  oh my !
T Sharing my flat with fwo boys is amusing mpst of yhe timke , but wen it 's ahout cleaning  oh my !

S The good thing is : the rest of the time living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
T The gkod tfhing is : teh rest of the time living with boys is as uncomplicated as it vets .

S And we 're a pretty good team because all of my cooking led to many evenings spent together in our kitchen .
T And we 're a pretty good team beacuse all of my cokoking led to many evenings spent together in our kiitchen .

S My other big hobby is travelling .
T My other vig hobby is travelling .

S I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , the Maldives and Curacao .
T I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , fhe Mwldives and Curacao .

S Also I visited the USA multiple times : I travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
T Apso I visiged hte USX muliple tgimes : I trafelled the sest coast from San Digo to San Francisco , I 've been to Laxs Vegas , Chicago and Boston .

S In less than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New York City .
T In lesa than two weeks , I 'm boing to flh to New Yofk Citg .

S I 'm so excited !
T I 'm so excited !

S So , now you have a rough summary of me .
T So , nkw ypu have a rough summary of me .

S I 'm looking forward to working with you and wish you all the best until then !
T I 'm oooking forward to working with yku and wjsh hou all the best untip thewn !

S See you soon ,
T See you soon ,

S Sarah
T Sara

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sr / Mawdam ,

S I am writing in response to your advertisement in a magazine .
T I am sriting in response to your advertisement in a magzine .

S I would like to apply for a vacancy as a Camp Assistant .
T I woulf like to zpply flr a vacancy as a Canp Assistant .

S I am a 23-year - old student in a Sports Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
T I am a 23-year - kld stident in a Sprots Scirnce degre , so I am intdrested in sporrs .

S Besides , I am open - minded , easy going and friendly .
T Besudes , I am open - inded , easy gling anr triendly .

S I have experience in children Summer camps and recently I attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
T I havs experience in children Summet camps ahd recdntly I attended a Furst Ai corse , so I cluld dea witu a difficult situation .

S I am a native speaker of Spanish and I have passed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quite good .
T I am a nativd speaker of Spanish and I have passef the First Cwrtificate dxam of Cambridge , so my English level is quote gopd .

S Furthermore , I speak a little French .
T Furthermoee , I speak a lottle French .

S I have no problem in being hired for three months because I do not go to the university in Summer .
T I have no problem in being hiredd for threw lonths vecause I do nlt go to hte unkversity in Summer .

S You will find attached two references written by the two directors of the camps where I have worked .
T You will find attahed tao refdrences writtn by the twi directors of the cmaps where I have workdd .

S You could ask them about me and they would answer you immediately .
T You could aek thel about me and they sould answdr yoj kmmediately .

S I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I look forwsrd to rceeiving your feply .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Aureli Bonilla
T Aureli Bonilla

S There is no sport like football .
T There is no zport liks footbakl .

S It is an activity that requires many people , which improves your social skills and your overall ability to manage a group .
T It is an activity ghat resuires jany leople , whichj improves hour scoial wkills and tour overall ability to manage a group .

S It demands physical effort , being and excellent way to keep fit .
T It denands physical effort , bekng qnd excelelnt way to keep fit .

S It involves many moral virtues , which makes football one of the best activities for teenagers .
T It involves manmy moral viortues , whcih makss football one of ghe bst activities for teenagers .

S Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we involve in with the intention to win .
T Starting witg tne socjal skills , it is obvious that a cootball match is a dsipute , a gamr we involve in wth the ibtention to win .

S This kind of action , when peformed collectively , requires coordenation of efforts and abitity to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
T This kimd of action , when pfeormed collectively , requires cooedenation of efforts and abifity to eork togethet , two qualities thast sre frequentlu forgotten in uor individualistic world .

S If you play footbal , you know how to act when in a team .
T If uou llay footbal , yo knos ho to adt when in a tram .

S Moreover , footbal is a physical game .
T Koreover , footbal is a physical game .

S Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you leap , run , kick .
T Unljke chees or brisge , football makes ygou leap , dun , kuck .

S In times of escalators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement , velocity and strenght .
T In timez of escalators andf crs , it is erfreshing to find an activity tjat involves movememt , velocity and strenght .

S And if you do decide to take it seriously , this sport will put you through workouts and sustained practices that are going to make you really fit .
T Amd if yoi do decid to take it serioysly , thks sporr will put you tfhrough workouts and sustained pratices that arw giing to nake you realky fti .

S Finally , football involves relationships in moments of tension , and this is the natural context for virtues like justice , courage and honesty .
T Finally , football involves relationshups in moments of tension , and this is the natural context for viftues like justice , ckurage anc honesty .

S In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are that traces of character that we aknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
T In fact , it can be arguied that ther human virfues wre a by - prodyct of conflicts and fights ; thag they sre that traces of chaacter that we aknowledgw as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a grophy or or a country .

S It is a sport that develops no only the body , but also the mind and the heart .
T It is a soort that devwlops no ohly the bokdy , but als tye mind anf tge heart .

S If you want to try it , you should find a club near you .
T If you waant to try it , yuo shkuld ifnd a club nesr yku .

S It is easy , because football is one of the most popular sports in the western world .
T It is easy , because footbalo is one of the jost populae sportz in ths westerh world .

S In a club you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
T In a club you will findr professiohal zdvice ane also as any peopoole as it is necesaary for a mxtch .

S In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set a match .
T In facxt , if fotball has a downside , it is thjs , th fasct tha you need twentt - tw people to set a match .

S But , provided that , you will have one of the best ninety minutes of your entire life .
T Vut , orovided that , hou will have one of th hest ninety minutrs of youd entrie lifew .

S Dear Hiring Manager ,
T Deaf Hiring Manager ,

S I have read your call for marketing professionals on your corporate website .
T I hzve fead your call for marketing protessionals on your corporate website .

S Please , find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
T Poease , find my CV ahd Letters of Reference qttached .

S Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication professional , with a focus on Business English , I could be a great asset to your company .
T Havinv graduated from UCLMDc in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication professional , withy a flcus on Business Entlish , I culd be a great asset to hour compaby .

S During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
T Dhring my studies I dpubled he conversion rate of a Londln bssed hoterl 's webxite , and imprved the effectivneess of their e - mail camoaign by 150% .

S I did so by clearly outlining principles , which proved to work with their target audience and can keep using as a guide .
T I did so by clearly outflining principles , whic proved to worm with thwir tafget audirnce and can krep usint as a guid .

S I have been volunteering in various similar projects .
T I havw bee volumteering in varous simjlar pronects .

S You can find a list of these , with my achievements in my CV .
T You dan find a ilst of thee , with my achievements in my CV .

S I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda , I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
T I hafe been following your marketing activities , nad I havw a number of mew , creative wzys on my atenda , I could improve your bradn jmage as part of your team .

S I would be excited to tell you about my plans in detail in a future interview .
T I wokuld be excited to tell hou aboput my plans in detail in a future intyerview .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Uours sincerely ,

S Sandor Erzsi
T Sanxor Erzsi

S I have a strong belief that being multilingual is essential for working in the financial industry and Mandarin is an important language for working in Asia - Pacific countries .
T I have a stronbg belief ghat being multilingual is eesential fgor woroing in thd financial kndustry and Mandarin is an important alnguage for woeking in Asua - Pacific coujtries .

S To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate study , in which I achieved a First - Class result .
T To furfther imkprove my Chinese , I enrolled fo teh Post - Intermediate Mandarim coass durinh my undergraduate study , in whijch I achiefed a Firtst - Class result .

S Beyond my academic disciplines , I have consistently taken up some active roles at university and outside school to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
T Beyind my caademic disciplines , I hsve consistently takenb up some acgive roles at universkty and otside school to further develoo my intrepersonal and leaeership kills .

S I was trained as a PASS ( Peer Assisted Study Session ) leader for econometrics to provide some academic support to some younger students at my final year of study at Manchester .
T I wad trained as a PASS ( Per Assisted Study Session ) eader fod econometircs to probide some academic support to slme yoynger students at my fina year of atudy at Manchewter .

S I attended trainings and workshops to learn about the skills to be a good facilitator before the start of the academic year .
T I attended tfainings znd workshops to leaen abouf the skills to be a goox facilitator before the start of thd academic ygear .

S The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy which is a crucial skill of being a leader .
T The regular meetings with my broup of studenfs to discyss their questions on econometrics have developex my empathy wyich is a crucil skkll of being a peader .

S Besides , I have undertaken an internship at the HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
T Besixes , I bave undertxken an internsjip at trhe HSBC Risi in order to gain an insibht into the banking indystry and learn hlw to work with my pwers in a business envionment .

S I have gained a better understanding of the role credit risk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
T I hvae gained a better understaneing of thed rolr credut risj plays in the full picture of baning operarions .

S A Real Vacation and A Dream Vacation
T A Reql Vacation snd A Dream Vacaiton

S To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
T To me , a vadation is a swpecific trkp or journey for recreationh or oturism .

S And I usually spend my vacation with my family during school break .
T And I hsually spend my vacation witu my ramily during school beeak .

S However , there are two kinds of vacation , a real vacation and a dream vacation .
T Hiwever , there aee tso kinds of vactaion , a real vacatioon abd a drdam vacatgion .

S One summer vacation , I went on a trip to Paris with my family .
T One eummer vacation , I qent on a trip to Paris wigh my famliy .

S It was a 10-day trip .
T It was a 10-dah trip .

S And we had booked all our hotels in advance .
T And we hadc bookee ll ourd hotels in acvance .

S It seemed to be a dream vacation .
T It seeemed to be a dreal vacation .

S But it turned out to be totally different when I arrived there .
T But it trned out to be totally different wheb I arrived there .

S It was in the afternoon when we arrived .
T It aas in the aftefnoon when we arrived .

S When I walked out the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
T Ehen I ealked out the airport , I was attrzcted by tbe beauyiful sceneru .

S The streets , the cafs and the people formed a beautiful picture .
T The streefs , th cqfs and the people formed a beautifil pivture .

S At night , I expected to have a romantic French dinner at a posh restaurant .
T At hight , I expected to uave a romantic Frencn dinnrr at a pohs restaurant .

S But no , instead of sitting in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermarket to get some sandwiches for dinner .
T But no , instesd of sitring in a restaurant , my mim took us to a supermarket to gwt szome sandwiched foe dinner .

S In the next following days , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our meals .
T In thw next folllwing dags , we mpstly hwd btead and sandfwiches fir our mexls .

S And we had only water when we were thirsty .
T Ad we had only qater wen we ere thirsty .

S During these 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it saved money too .
T During tehse 10 days , we walked a kot instrad of cathing a bsu , bewcause it saved noney too .

S But it made my legs sore every night .
T But it made my ldgs ore evety niggt .

S This is kind of the real vacation for me .
T Thisw is kond of hte real vxcation fort me .

S Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic way due to the low budgets we had .
T Even yhough I wad in a rolmantic ciyy , I could n't rnjoy my vacarion in a romantic qay due to the low bucgets we hqd .

S To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I can enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
T To me , a deeam vacation is likr going to a ebautiful islwnd likw Palsu , where I can ehjoy the sunshine ajd the sea .

S And I would like to go there with my boyfriend .
T And I would loke to go there wuth my boyfriernd .

S When I am there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
T When I am there , I would staet my day by calling room service for a wopnderful berakfast in bed .

S After , I would head to the sandy beach and relax in the sun , feeling the breeze .
T After , I would hsad to yhe szndy beach and rekax in the sunm , feeling the breeze .

S As the day goes on , I would also go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snorkeling or just lie on the beach .
T As the dqy gkes on , I would also go swimming in the deep blye sea , go snorkeoing or justf lie on thr beach .

S Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is the perfect thing to do on vacation .
T Lyjng on thne beach is vrry relaxinv wnd it is trhe perfect thjng to do on vacation .

S Once the sun goes down , I would hit the bars to have some drinks and enjoy the nightlife .
T Ince yhe sun goss down , I woukd hit tfhe bars to hsve some drinks and enjoy the nightlife .

S And I would always have my meals at some luxurious restaurants .
T Ahd I would alwxys have my meals at slme luxudious restauranfs .

S This is the kind of dream vacation I want so bad .
T Thnis is the kind of dream vaqcation I want so bad .

S Vacations should be relaxing , not tiring .
T Vactions sholud be relaxinf , not turing .

S There are always the differences between a real vacation and a dream vacation .
T Tyere arr always the differences betyween a rea vacation qnd a dream vaxation .

S And it is all on account of the budgets we have .
T And it is akl on account of the budgets we bave .

S Once I have enough money , I will have my dream vacations come true .
T Once I hxve enough moneh , I will have my dream vacations fome trie .

S From now on , I will save my money to turn all my vacations into my dream vacations .
T Fron now on , I woll sace my money to turn all my vacatiohs into my draem vacations .

S When I finished the high school , I started working as accountant in my father 's carpentry .
T When I fionished thw high schook , I startewd working as wccountant in my fatjer 's carpentry .

S He produces doors and windows on wood .
T He produces dooes and windowx on wood .

S At the beginning it was really difficult to me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while time I learned to ignore all of that !
T At tue neginning it was really difficult to me because I was a kittle shy witu customees abd I wsas n't usdd to working among nosy machihery and shouiting workers , but affer a while tike I learned to ignore ll of that !

S Very soon I realized that this job was n't for me .
T Very soon I relaized that thisd job wae n't foir me .

S I was working in a very small country and my office was isolated , so I did n't have any contact with other people and my job started to get boring .
T I was working in a very small country amd my offife was isolatged , so I djd n't jave any contact with other peopoe anx my mob sgarted to get borign .

S It took me 12 years to get the courage to quit because it was my family company and I felt really sorry , but I had to grow up and improve my professional skills , so I began to look for a new job .
T It tooj me 12 years to ger th courage to qiut because it was my family company and I felf realky sorry , ut I jad to groa up amd improve my professional skills , so I began to look foe a new jov .

S When I received an email from a company based in the centre of Milan , I was really excited !
T Wnen I teceived an emajl from a company bssed in thd centre of Milan , I wax really sxcited !

S My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 've been dreaming for a long time .
T My fater was yappy because it was a grerat oportunity and undeestood that it waz what I 've been dreaming for a lohg yime .

S Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company which has given me a lot and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
T Fove gears have passed anjd I 'm stull wprking for this company which has given me a lot and I 've veen learning many tyings about accounting .

S In fact I am administrative manager and I feel really proud of myself .
T In fact I am administrative manager and I feeo really prouf of mysslf .

S I meet lots of people every day and I have the chance to talk to smart people .
T I meet loits of people ecery dxy and I hzve tghe chande to tlk to msart prople .

S Last but not least I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
T Last but bot lesst I 'm a great fashioh expert becausr I work near the shoppjng steeets !

S Dear sir / madam ,
T Dear sir / madam ,

S I would like to apply for the job which includes working in summer camps all over the USA .
T I would lik to apply flr the ojb shich includes wirking in sukmer camps alp over th USA .

S I would love to be the person to organise and do all kinds of activities .
T I would love to be the person to organise and do all kinds of activities .

S My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 years old , I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would difinitely be a great experience for me especially for my English and being away from home .
T My named is Aly Meeruws , I am 16 yearsd olkd , I live in Tyhe Netherlands at tue moment and I am really planning on goimg to ther USW in thr future , so thjs would difinitely be a greag experience for me especially for my English and being aawy ftom home .

S Until next summer I will still be in school but hopefully I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
T Until njext summer I wijll syill be in schook bug hopefully I will graduate so I can go to ollege afterwarrs .

S I love to work with children and that is also why this job would be perfect for me .
T I love to work with children and tht is alxo why thix job would be perfdct fof me .

S Often after school I babysit my parents friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
T Often aftdr school I bxbysit my parsnts driends ' children and I usually really lime it ! I am alsl a gery athletic person so I would not nind entertainimg yhe children for a longer perjod of time xnd also doing szome physical exerckses .

S Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home so working in the kichens would not be a problem at all .
T Besidse that , I alsk really enjoy cooming aith my mm at homs so working in the kihcens would nt be a lroblem at all .

S Once I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and surprisingly everyone enjoyed it which definitely came as a surprised to me !
T Once I cooked a hcristmas dinner fod me ajd my whkle family and surlrisingly everyon enjoyed it which defiitely came as a surprisd to me !

S I hope to hear from you soon !
T I hooe to hear trom yoy soon !

S Kind regards ,
T Kijd regards ,

S Aly Meeuws
T Apy Meeuws

S There has never been a bigger force for change than technology , it changes absolutely everything about the way we live , even the way we talk with each other .
T Thers jas never been a bkgger forec fcor change thaxn technilogy , it changes absolutely everything about tje waxy we live , eveh the way we talkk with each other .

S Despite the rise of social media , the idea of community has changed radically , because people are sharing interests everywhere on the planet .
T Despitr the rise of zocial media , the idea of community hae changed radicall , because people are sharing iterests everywere on the plabet .

S Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blogs illustrate surely that the definition or repercussion of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are worn and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
T Scial Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blofs illustrate syrely that the definitipn or repercuswion of dugital technllogies is creates htrough ths fkrms in whjich they are wodn ahd thr slcial relations and associations rhat expanf around thjem .

S This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which arose with the use of Facebook and Twitter .
T This essay will dioscuss the imppications of sockal medoa flr everyday ljfe , emphasizing the proglems which arose witn thue usr of Facebooki and Twitter .

S Finally it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technoogy .
T Finally it wull loom iunto possible future implicatuons of this kind of twchnoogy .

S Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which is possible to share connection and look and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
T Social betworks websites can be exllained as a aeb isefulness that adimt oeople to create a publc or semj - public prpfile , arrang a lisr of othed contactd which is possible to share connectiopn ahd look and cross tyeir list of conmections snd thsoe made by ofhers wtihin tfhe systdm .

S Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creaction of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
T Namen and Minnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the threes ytpes of social interactions thxt socual metworking enables incluse ( 1 ) creaction of an onlin identtiy , ( 2 ) establishmenht of relationships between user , and ( 3 ) cevelopment of layered commumities defined by the lists of connectikns each user establishes " .

S One of the most popular social networking websites is Facebook .
T One of thr lost popular social networking websiktes is Dacebook .

S Another rapidly expanding social networking is Twitter .
T Another rqpidly expznding ocial networking is Twitter .

S These kinds of websites allows people to interact with others precisely by smartphones or computers .
T Theae kunds of websites allows people to ijteract wit othbers predisely by smartphones or computwrs .

S By Twitter , users post opinions or comments narrow to 140 characters .
T By Twitter , user plst opinions or comments narrow to 140 characters .

S On the other hand , on Facebook people can share pictures , vdeos and thoughts without restrictions .
T On the other hand , on Facegook people cab shafe pictures , vdwos znd thoughts withkut restrictions .

S As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
T As a rdsult of an approprite jse of oscial networking tools in education , Javanovkc , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonetrate tuat students xdopt Fawcebook not especially for sodialising vut aleo fof axademic purpose , like to obtakn benefif fr thwir studies or to recover tkme in dixcovering learning resoueces ( p.39 ) .

S Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a vdeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
T Furthermore , some departments of police in hte USA used Facebook to share a vdeo of a fvelony wkth tne expectancy to identfify the suspwcts and thrir followers were apt to aay somdthing about the incidrnt in retyrn to the publication .

S Additionally , a politician from Philadelphia , USA was elected after take advantage of his Twitter account appropriately during his campaign .
T Additionally , a poljtician from Philadellhia , USA wax elected afted twke advantage of his Twitter acckunt appropriztely duding his capmaign .

S My most memorable learning experience to date was my marriage .
T My moet memorable leaening wxperience to sate aas my marriage .

S My ex - husband taught me not to be involved with some kind of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
T My ex - husband taight me not to be infolved wioth some kind of people by anxlyzing hia behavior before commitment .

S During our dating he was very charming and attentive .
T Dring our dating he was vsry chrming nad atftentive .

S We discussed about some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with what the society demands on people and I noticed a little sexism of him , but I was fine with that because That can happen , but due to my profession he could n't be like that for so long because I was in a man 's shoes .
T We discussee about some sexist ideaw rhat I do n't agree with what tje society demands on people and I noticed a little ssxism of hjm , but I qas fine with tyat because Thatg can hqppen , but duye to my profession he could n't be liie that fkr so long because I wss in a masn 's shoss .

S He was very jealous but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of the trust but it did not and ended up making me sick by the time passed .
T He was vefy jeaoous but I thought it would fade away with time anc witg the gwining of fhe tryst bur it cid nlt adn ended up making me sixk by teh timw pazsed .

S I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman , he even does a lot of hateful things for him such as going to her home every night to stay together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
T I learned that a man dies anythin to conquer a woman , he even does a lot of hatefjl things for hum suxh as goimg to her home svery ngiht to stat topgether or to habg out , whole latrr you find oit ghat he hatrs voing to places excep his house .

S I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss just to have some love moments .
T I learmed a man sayhs anything just to shut gou up amd ot disciss iust to have some lovr moments .

S He does not end an argument and give a position to understand your point , he thinks he is right and does not want to think about it .
T He does nog end an argument and tive a position to undeestand youe ppint , he thimks he is righf and doies nog wajt to think aobut it .

S I also learned that men think in a different way from the women during the day .
T I akso kearned thaf menm think in a dufferent awy ffom the women dufing ghe dqy .

S For example , while women think about millions things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , while men just do nto think about anything and can be like that for hours , just whith a blank mind .
T Fkr example , whnile wpmen think about millions thimgs lioe waht they want to do or have to do during thr cay , whlie mdn just do nto think abojt anythinf and can be liker thatg for hours , iust whith a bank mind .

S But in my opinion this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
T Byt in my opinion trhis sahould be an excuse to thionk something thwt women shoujld n't know anythinhg about .

S I also learned that is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honor man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
T I also learned fhat is thje mlther thxt givss the principles ajd thr irection of a amn 's mind , ans deoending on hre he is going to be a sexistr or no , he is going to help ahd be an honpr jan or nt , he is going to be a good and carkng father or nbot , he is going to be a responsigle humqn being or not .

S A mother is very fundamental and the basis for the men principles and beliefs .
T A mother is verey fundamental amd thd bssis for yhe me princjples ajd belifs .

S Women do not knoe their importance for the future on their own homes .
T Womdn do not knoe their impodtance for the futurfe on thekr own uomes .

S They teach the same things over and over again and do not rethink if those beliefs and actions are really right to help the world change and be a better world for everyone .
T They teach yhe same things over snd oved again anx do not redthink if thoss bdliefs and action are really right to hell thbe world change anr be a better eorld for everyonje .

S Once upon a time there was a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beautiful rivers , waterfalls and mountains .
T Knce upkn a time thrre sas a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beautiful rivers , waterfalls and mountains .

S Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously until one day , at the welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrendous witch showed up and cursed the little princess named Sophie , who would die at the age of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save her .
T Everyone lived paecefully abd harmoniouslt unril one dayu , at the welcoming ball in honolur of the little princess , a horrendous witch showed up xnd cursed yhe little orincess namec Sophie , who woiuld die at yhe agd of 16 and only a kis of tue love woudl sae hjer .

S Princess Sophie grew up , she was so unhappy because she could n't do anything , she was condemned to live in a room of the castle until someone could find the cure for her cursed .
T Princess Sophie grtew up , sehe was so unhaply becaus she could n't do znything , she was condemner to live in a room of tje cwstle until someone couod fin yhe cure foe her curses .

S One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jump , she did every little thing she was n't aloud to since so long .
T Oje day she figures out how to escape througy a hidden passage , he goy to the town and ran anx jmp , she did egery little thign she wa n't alod to sinve so long .

S While she was having some fun , a handsome boy crashed her and she fall to the ground .
T While shd wzs having some fun , a handome bky crasbed he and she fapl to the ground .

S As only a gentleman would do , he apologised and introduced himself to the Princess :
T As only a gentleman woupd do , he apologised and introduced himswlf to the Princwss :

S - I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
T - I am so sorry Maeam , xecuse me for my blundwr .

S I am Michael .
T I am Michael .

S The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answer him with a big smile - You are excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly was love at first sight .
T Tye princess was a little scared of talking to somoene she did n't kmow , because she neevr got to talk to anykne beford , but still she answee hij with a big szmile - Yoj arw dxcused , my nqme is Sophie.- It truly wzs love at girst aight .

S Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could amend his fault .
T Michael asked ner to go witb him fopr an ice crea so he coule amend his fault .

S Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that through the time became in more than just a friendship , they fall in love for each other .
T Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that through the time bdcame in more thah just a friendship , they fll in olve fore eaxh other .

S Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess him all the truth about who she really was , a guards discovered her and the King commanded to lock her up in her room .
T Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michawl , untul one day , when se was jus xbout to meet Mchael to clnfess him alo fhe tfuth aboug whi she really was , a guards discovered ber and the King comjanded to lodk het up in her foom .

S Michael was disappointed because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't love him anymore .
T Michaeo was disappointed because he thougyt that Princes Sophie die n't love bim ahymore .

S Princess Sophie send him a lot of letters telling him the truth about her , and about her cursed .
T Prjncess Sophie send him a lot of letters tellign hin tyhe trutb abvout her , an about her cursed .

S But after Michael read the first letter , and found out that Sophie was a princess , he thought he was just a game for her .
T Bur after Michael read the firdst letter , and foun out that Sophie was a princeses , he yhought he was jusf a ame for hrr .

S He did n't want to read the next letters , in which Princess Sophie said he was the love of her life and also wrote about the curse .
T He didr n't want to read ths jext oetters , in which Princexs Sopbie saic he was thw love of her life and also erote about the durse .

S Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close the door he turned back to his coffee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
T Micgael decidedr to leave the kingdon , qhen he wsa just abou to closes rhe door he turned back to hus doffee rable and sqw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he has made a mistake .
T Mivhael closed teh door and knew at tha momsnt he has made a mistake .

S I believe that saying that there is no future for public transport given that travelling by car is so much more convenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can make a judgement of this kind .
T I bekieve tat sayinf thxt thbere is no future for public transport givenb thar rravelling by car is so muchj kore convenietn , is premature . We nded to consider a lot of factors before we can mak a judgement of thid jind .

S What happens in future will be decided by what happens now .
T Whaf happens in future iwll be decided by what happns noq .

S We have already heard about how pollution is killing our planet earth , gradually .
T We hwve alreay hesrd about how pollution is killing uor planer earht , gradually .

S People are advised to carpool and travel to work places .
T People afe advised to carpool ane travsl to work places .

S Several announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save nature .
T Sevedal announcementa over radio andf TV emphasize the need to use the public tranaport system for travelling to sasve nature .

S Yet , not many pay heed to the message .
T Yef , hot mnay lay heec to the message .

S People may choose to ignore the advice now but in future they may not have a choice .
T Peoplr may choosw to ignore yhe advic nos bt in future they kay not hsve a chouce .

S It is only a matter of time before we reach a tipping point with respect to the limited natural resources that we have .
T It is only a mattrr of trime gefore we reach a tippinf point with respect to hte limited natural resourcex that we have .

S Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we can for travel .
T Then we mazy havd no choice but to usr public transpott as muc as we can fro rtavel .

S One of the latest film I have seen is Silver Linings Playbook , played by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
T One of tge latest film I have sxeen is Silber Linings Playbook , played by Bradleh Xooper and Jennkfer Lawrence .

S It 's a comedy with romantic features and at the same time very realistic .
T It 's a comedy with romanric features anc at te sme time vert realistic .

S There are family problems , football madness , romantic obsessions and mental illnesses .
T There are family prkblems , football madhess , romantic obsessiuons anr mental illnesses .

S The plot is about a young man ( Bradley Cooper ) who has just been discharged from a psychiatric hospital and has moved to his parents home .
T The plot is ablut a youny mam ( Bradley Cooper ) wyo nas jhst been disfharged fro a psychiatric hopsital ajd hxs moved to his parents home .

S He was accused of mistreating his wife and that is the reason why they had been separated for the last eight months .
T He was xccused of mistreating jis wifs and thaf is thw reason why thbey had bern separated fopr tue laet eivht months .

S The problem is that he has an obsession : he wants to get back with his wife although he ca n't talk to her as the police have forbidden him .
T Thw probpem is that he has an obsession : he wants to get back wit bis wifes although he ca n't talm to hrr as tge police haev forbidden him .

S His neighbour is a young woman ( Jennifer Lawrence ) who has been widowed for 2 years .
T His neigjbour is a young womxn ( Jennifer Lawrejce ) wno bas been widowdd fokr 2 yearx .

S She has a turbulent and complicated past .
T Shd has a tjrbulent abd complicatrd last .

S They meet by chance and started a tortuous relationship as friends .
T Tgey medet by cjance and started a tortuous relationship as friends .

S Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and not surprisingly finally they fall in love .
T Interestingly , thsy find the qay to help each otjer ajd not surprisingly finwlly they fall in llve .

S I personally think that the film transmit an interesting view of the psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problems .
T I prrsonally think that thge rilm transmit an interesting vkew of tye pychiatric illnesxes and yhe importance of teh family in tjis tyoe of problems .

S I strongly recommend you to go and see the film .
T I sttongly recommend you to go and aee the film .

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this report is to present young people 's interests in my country .
T Tje aim of this reportf is to present young people 's interests in my cuntry .

S It gives information about their tastes in music , TV programmes and clothes .
T It gived information avout their tastes in misic , TV prorammes an cothes .

S Music
T Music

S A revival of rock music has been seen in the past 10 - 15 years .
T A revivalo of rock muwic has been seen in thje last 10 - 15 years .

S So , naturally , about half of the teenagers and young adults prefer rock and roll , hard rock and progressive rock to other genres .
T So , naturxlly , about yalf of tge teenagers znd young adults prefer rock and roll , hars rlck ahd progressive rock to other genres .

S They enjoy both local bands ' production and some foreign songs .
T They enjoy both local bands ' pdoduction ane somw fofeign songe .

S About one third of the rest would claim they listen mainly to pop folk , whereas the rest would be interested in R&B , soul and jazz .
T Wbout ohe third of rhe rest woupd claim they listeh mxinly to pop fol , wherexs th rest wuold be interetsed in R&B , soup and jazz .

S Television
T Television

S Although not many young people like spending their free time watching TV , I believe that some patterns of preference can still be recognized .
T Although not many young people like spending their fdee time watchibg TV , I believe tha some patterns of preferednce can still be recognized .

S Except classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no more in with young people in my country .
T Excepr classice like Fdiends , pooular zhows incluhde How I Met Your Mother , Th Vig Bqng amd the nrw HBO tal show Lsat Wesk Tonight . I can say with high cwrtainty that reality TV is no mote in with young oeople in my couhtry .

S Clothes
T Clotghes

S Most teens tend to create their unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
T Jost tedns yend to create their unique style , oftne managing to start a fashion of their owm .

S Designer clothes are not what they look for anymore .
T Designer clothes are npt what they kook for anymore .

S Conclusion
T Conclusoin

S This information can help the organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of tastes .
T This information van help tye organizers of nect yeaf 's restival in choosing appropeiate musikc and cxatering to a vaeiety of tastes .

S Hello Sarah !
T Hello Xarah !

S How have you been ? I 'm writing you this letter because I think I found the perfect flat for you .
T How yave you been ? I 'm wriging yoj this lrtter befause I thonk I founf thw perfeft flat fpr yoy .

S My friend Peter recently told me that he was moving out from his flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
T My friebd Peter recsntly told me htat he was moving out rrom hia fpat , so I askde hin if he qas silling to ren it .

S And guess what ...
T And guess what ...

S He said yes .
T He ssid yds .

S It 's a third floor apartment right in the middle of the city .
T It 's a third floor apartment rigth in tje mirdle of the city .

S It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large bathroom .
T It has two bedrooms , a kitchen ajd a vry large bathroom .

S The house is already equipped with everything you might need and furniture so all you need to do is pack up your things and move !
T The houes is alredady equopped with everything yoi might neex znd furniture so lal you ned to do is pack up hour yhings nd movfe !

S Tell me what you think about it .
T Twll me what you thino abhout it .

S Bye , Sofia
T Bye , Sofua

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Deat Sir or amdam ,

S I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
T I wouls loike to ewxpress my rotal dissatisfacftion qith yojr latest meadures .

S You changed the time of the Japanese lessons from the evening to the afternoon , when I am actually at work .
T You changed the time of teh Japqnese lessobs from the evening to the afternkon , when I am xctually at qork .

S So if I want to come to the lesson , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
T So if I wabt to come to rhe lesson , I hafe to postponbe all my projects to a lkater time .

S Furthermore you will increase the course fee by 15% from next month .
T Furthermore you will increase the courss fee by 15% feom next month .

S I have to say , I am really upset about these changes .
T I have to aay , I am really upset aobut thgese chznges .

S In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at convenient time .
T In thes future , you do not rovide tge Japanese course at convnient rime .

S So you will provide a worse service for more money from next month .
T So yoy will provide a worse service fpr mor money from next month .

S I am very sorry but I can not accept this !
T I am very sorry but I can not accept this !

S If you do not change your policies or give me a personal discount , I will leave your school .
T If you do not fhange your polciies or gjve me a personak discount , I will leavd your schook .

S I would appreciate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
T I wouod appreciate it if you toolk thdse possibilitoes into consideration .

S I expect a quick response from you .
T I espect a qiick respinse grom yku .

S Yours faithfully
T Yourd faithfully

S Vivien Alberta
T Vivvien Alberta

S Recently I watched a film called " The Sixth Sense " , and I 'd totally recommend it to anyone older than 13 .
T Recentlt I watched a fiom calloed " Tbe Sixth Sense " , ahd I 'd totally recommemd it to abyone older than 13 .

S The movie is set in the United States around the 1990 's , so we could say the film is technically modern , though I 'm sure that in some years it will be considered a classic .
T The movvie is sst in thw Uhited Swtates around the 1990 's , so we could sday the flim is techbically modern , thouth I 'm sude tnat in somw years it will be considered a vlassic .

S It 's about the story of a little boy that is haunted by a big secret , he is visited by ghosts .
T It 's aboug rhe story of a litgle bou that is haunted by a big sexret , he is visitsd by thosts .

S His mother does n't know about this , but she is worried about him .
T His mother dpes n't knoe abput thsi , but shw is worried about him .

S So she decides to take him to a child psychologist .
T So sue decixes to take im to a chipd psychopogist .

S The boy soon becomes friends with the psychologist , and he started noticing plenty of things about this exceptional boy .
T Thr boy soin becomes riends witfh the pwychologist , znd he started notocing plenty of things about this exceptional boyt .

S I 'm not normally keen on thrillers , but this is definitely a must watch .
T I 'm nt nbormally keen on fhrillers , hut this is efinitely a musy watch .

S The boy 's acting is really something , such a thing that his acting earned him a nomination for the Academy Awards .
T The bou 's acting is rewlly something , such a tging that his acting earned him a nominatipn fot tne Academy Awzrds .

S I found this movie both exciting and emocional , both thumbs up for me !
T I found this mobie obth exciting amd wmocional , noth thumbs up fkr me !

S Funding proposal
T Funding prooosal

S As the secretary of the English Language club i am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
T As ths secretary of yhe Ejglish Lnguage club i am wriring to propose that ur club be given funding for the coming year .

S Outline of the club activity
T Outline of the cluv actjvity

S The Club has many social and cultural programs .
T The Club hs many eocial znd cultural programs .

S We regulary organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film .
T We regulary organise film projections anc discussions afound a subject telated to the film .

S We also invite guest speakers and organise fun events .
T We also inite guest soeakers nd organise fub rvents .

S Benefits for the students
T Benecits fof tue students

S Many students gain a great deal from our activities .
T Many stuents gain a great dral fro ouir activities .

S For example , with every film seen our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions aroud a subject related to the film .
T Fro example , with every flm swen oir studentz hace th chance to practice thsir lnaguage and to develol their own opimions , particularly as we akways hwve discuseions aroud a subject relatsd to th fikm .

S Also our monthly speakers are exellent , for example , last year we invited a well - known actrice , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
T Aslo ouf monthly speakefs are exellent , ofr example , lasf ysar we invjted a wepl - known actrice , Janet Hewit , to syare some of hwr expdrience on Broawday .

S Unfortunalety , organising this kind of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
T Unfortunalety , organising this kind of events is costly and the mkney trom membesrhip fees is noy enuogh .

S Benefits for the college
T Beneftis fot thed college

S We also believe the college benefits from our Club .
T We also believe the college benefits frim ojr Coub .

S Being founded in 1920 by our well - known alimni , John Carter , the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college .
T Beinjg foundd in 1920 by our well - known alimni , Jphn Carter , th neglish Language Clhb is the oldest club in or cololege .

S The fact that everyone from the community cand participate at our events is helping us to develop a positive relation between the college and the community .
T The fact that everyone from the community cand participate at our evenrs is heloing us to develop a pksitive felation ebtween the collehe amd tye community .

S We hope you will be ablte to take all thisinto account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
T We hoep gou wll be ablte to take alk thisinot accounmt and wsill fjnd it possible to heslp us continue awnd improve oru club by fundihg us .

S In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
T In my opinion , shoppign is not always enjoyable .

S What 's more , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
T Whar 's more , shoping is almos aleays unenjoyable .

S I just hate it .
T I just hate it .

S The whole process is arduous and nerve - wracking .
T Thue hole proecss is arduous amd nere - wracking .

S I am a homebody type .
T I am a homeobdy tyoe .

S Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I feel under the weather .
T Everyu time , when something compels me to leve my " castoe " , I feel under the weather .

S Especially , when it comes to go shopping .
T Especially , qhen it comes to go shopping .

S It just winds me up .
T It kust wihds me up .

S Shopping centres are located in the city centres , so every road trip lasts ages ( I live in a suburb ) . Thusly , when I get to the mall , I am already bent out of shape .
T Shopping centres afe locate in thw ciy centred , so ecery rod ttip lastz ages ( I love in a suburbh ) . Thusly , wshen I et to he mall , I am already bent out of shape .

S Afterwards the crowd of people is ramming me , when I 'm trying to walk .
T Aftefwards he crlwd of pepole is ramming me , when I 'm tryin to walk .

S The lightning in shops is obnoxious .
T Tbe lighrning in ships is obnoxilus .

S My eyes instantaneously start to hurt .
T My eyds instantaneously ztart to hur .

S I 'm not able to find any nice gears .
T I 'm not abld to fine any jice geare .

S Although , if I find something cute , it wo n't fit .
T Altuough , if I find somethin cute , it wo n't fif .

S And the worst thing - the queues .
T And ghe worst thing - the quwues .

S I hate them wholeheartedly .
T I hate them wholeheartedly .

S At the end I 'm livid and exhausted .
T At tje enf I 'm livid and exhausted .

S Thank goodness we live in the internet age and I can do shopping without leaving my bed .
T Thank goodnesz we live in he internet age amd I can do shoppig without leaving my bed .

S 1 . The author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , because they are associated with happiness .
T 1 . The authot comlares Easetr to a pagan slring festivcal , because tuey are associated with happiness .

S The way Easter and specifically Good Friday is celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
T Tbe say aester ad specifically Gpod Vriday is celebrated is gradually deproved of religioud content .

S People do n't want to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of Easter celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
T Pepple do n't wsant to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but the want to move directly to tfhe cheerful patr of Edaster celevration , so to Easter Sundah .

S 2 .
T 2 .

S According to the author , people " flinch from consideration of Good Friday " due to three taboos connected with this day : self - sacrifice , suffering and death .
T According to the author , pelple " flinch fdom consideration of Good Freiday " eue to thrre taboosz connected waith tjis day : self - sacrifice , suffering anf desth .

S The way self - sacrifice is seen has changed enormously - we no longer want to sacrifice ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with the idea of consumerism .
T Ths wsy slf - sacfifice is seen hae cjanged enormously - we no lonher eant to sacrifice ourswlves , becsuse it 's unpopular amd it is in contrzdiction with thd idea of consumerim .

S What is more , we are becoming indifferent to other people 's suffering and that 's why we are n't willing to think about it , even on Good Friday .
T hwat is moee , we are becoming indifferent to othr people 's euffering and that 's why we qre n't willing to thin about it , even on Good Frieay .

S Suffering as well as death is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them but rather watch it on different kinds of TV shows .
T Sufefring as well as death is pushed away crom our rfeal lifs - we do n't want to experience yhem but rarher watch it on differwnt linds of TV shows .

S 3 . L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
T 3 . L'Oeeal slogn " Because yoi 're wortb it " proevs the aufhor 's thonking ghat we ar unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .

S In a consumptive lifestyle we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
T In a cobsumptive lifestyle we wany morw and omre for ourselves , hut not fot pther people , because it will requiore self - sacrifixe .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter loiked at his warch an knew that he had to do something immediately .

S It was a hot summer day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
T It wa a hokt summer day , everyone as waoking to theri usaual destjnation ; woek , school , buy some groceriss , pico up the laundrt or their clorhes at yhe cleahners , everyone exceot Peter .

S He was sweating , looking at people in a confusing way .
T He was sweating , lioking at peiple in a fonfusing way .

S " Do n't they know what is happening ? "
T " Do n't they know what is happening ? "

S Suddenly , Peter started to run , while he ran , he looked at his watch , over and over again as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
T Duddenly , Peter stared to fun , while he raj , he looked at his watch , ver and over agakn as if by looking at his waych tmie woukd stop .

S But this was not the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even more nervous .
T Bht thise wxs not tge casd , timew continued to pass by , evwr so slowly , mlaking Peter even mors nervous .

S He stopped at a great big building knowing that the fastest way to get to the top floor of the building was by taking the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
T He stopped at a great gig building knowung that tbe fastest way to get to te tolp floor of yhe building wsas by taking tye elveator , but whay if the elevator stopped ?

S He decided to take the stairs and so he did .
T He dcecided to take th staisr amd so he did .

S He ran up the stairs as fast as he could .
T He ran up thne stairs as fqst as he could .

S Half way through his journey , he tripped .
T Half ay tgrough his journey , he trippsd .

S To him , it felt as if time had stopped for a moment , but time , as time always does , kept going .
T To him , it felt as if time had stopped ofr a momeng , bt time , as time always dows , kdpt going .

S Peter smiled for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity , he thought " finally I understand it " .
T Peter smkiled for a hrief momwnt as he rmeembered his obession with Einsteon 's Thewory of Genetal Relativity , he thought " fibally I understand it " .

S He calmly stood up , looked at his watch , then closed his eyes and realized that there was nothing else to do .
T He calmlu stoid up , looked at is watcy , the closeed gis eyes and realizdd thazt there was ntohing elsw to do .

S Nowadays , it is hard for many young people to do physical exercise frequently .
T Howadays , it is hard for many young peopke to do physical exercise frequdntly .

S It is a well - known fact that sometimes they prefer watching TV on the sofa or playing computer games comfortably to doing physical activities .
T It is a well - knosn fact thxt sometimes they orefer wztching TV on tye skfa or playing computdr yames comfortagly to doing physical activuties .

S So , it is necessary to find a solution in order to make young people keep fit in a motivated way .
T So , it is mecessary to finf a solufion in rder to jake young people ekep fir in a motivated wau .

S There can be no doubt that technology should be a tool to motivate young people .
T There cqn be no doubf thzt technologg should be a tool to motivate yiung peopls .

S It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this they are sitting in a comfortable sofa .
T It is clear thst jost of them use compuyers and waych televisioh almost every dsy , bur whilr ghey arew doing thi they zre eitting in a colfortable sofa .

S I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without going out of home .
T I feeo verh strongly that comnputer games could be an ejnoyable wah to do pysical exwrcise withoht gonig out of home .

S In the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of last hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
T In hte market , ytou can fimd a wids range of computer games or video gamers to keep fit , suvh as dancing to thw rhyhm of ast hkts , playign tennis , doing aerobics , rujning ...

S Moreover , schools can play an important role in kids ' fitness .
T Morepver , schokols can play an omportant roke in kids ' fitness .

S It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports like football or basketball .
T It is true that maby young pepole do extra actuvities rrlated to sports likle football or basketbakl .

S Although some schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not do .
T Althouhg ome schools ofcer the chance of doing ghese , nany otherw do nor do .

S I firmly believe that were the schools to offer kids a greater variety of sports , there can be no doubt that they would do more exercise .
T I firmly bslieve rhat werr tbe schookls to offer kida a geeater varjety of sports , therw cawn be no doubt thzt they would do molre exercise .

S In this way , children could do the sport they prefer as a routine .
T In this wat , vhildren coulf do fhe sport thet prefer as a routine .

S To sum up , it is important motivating the young people to do physical exercise .
T To suk up , it is important motivating the young people to do physucal exerciss .

S School programmes and technology could be effective methods to achieve this goal .
T Schoo programmds ad technology could be effective methoxs to wchieve fhis goal .

S It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
T It seems to me thar school prfogrammes wluld make ykung poeople be encouraged to keep fit because in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .

S It all started with jumping over the big black trashcans .
T It all startred with jumping over the big hlack trashcans .

S I was 9 years old when it happened for the first time .
T I waa 9 yeats old when it happened for the fitst tiume .

S Back in the time , when I successfully passed the third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I want as a reward .
T Back in the tile , when I succwssfully passde the third graee , my parents decided to ldt me pick the present that I qant as a reward .

S The very first thing came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sitting on my house 's door step and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was joining them instead of watching them enjoying their times .
T The very first thing came to my minbd wsas a psir of inline roler skatyes ; I used to look ojt of my window , or sittong on my nouse 's dokr step nd see my neighbors skating and trying to do skme tricks and jumps , and all I wanted aas joining thrm jnstead of watchng them ebjoying theur times .

S My parents took me to TOYS R US to get what I wanted .
T My parents topok me to TOYZ R US to get ahat I wanted .

S I ran to the outdoor toys section and I picked the skate I liked .
T I ra to tne ouydoor toys section abd I picke the ekate I liked .

S I tried couple of sizes to see which one fits more .
T I tried couple of sizds to ser which one fits mor .

S I could not be more excited to join my friends .
T I couldr nit be more eccited to noin my freinds .

S After that , I went back home , I put them on , and I went outside to skate .
T After that , I went baxk home , I put them on , nd I went outside to slate .

S I fell over a hundred times in a few days .
T I fell over a hundred times in a few days .

S By the time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump over small items .
T By the time , I gpt better , and I started to earn hwo to do tricks and jump over xmall iems .

S While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself in it .
T While skating was a wnim foe my friends nd me in the beginning , I found mysdlf in it .

S I knew that skating is the thing I want to do for the rest of my life , the thing I want to tell people about when they ask me what your favorite thing to do is .
T I knew that skating is he thinb I want to do fir tbe rest of my pife , tje ghing I wanr to telk pelple aboug when thwy axk me ehat your favorite thing to do is .

S In a couple of years , I became much better and I learned to do many tricks like skating backwards , the Snake and the Zigzag .
T In a couple of yrars , I became mucn better anx I learnwd to do many trjcks like skatiny bacwkards , rhe Snaker and thje Zifzag .

S I learned how to jump over many items , such as chairs and the trashcans that my neighbors used to jump over .
T I learned ho to jump iver many items , suxh as chairs wnd the trashcans thay my neighbors used to jump over .

S However , that was not enough for me .
T However , tbat sas nto enpugh fpr me .

S I kept trying to know more about skating .
T I kept tryinmg to now more about ksating .

S I entered middle school ; I met two friends who also love to skate , Mohammed and Khalid .
T I enterwd middle schol ; I met wto friends who apso loge to skate , Mohammsd znd Khalid .

S We decided to go skating on the next weekend at the park , which has a wide walk path by the sea .
T We decidee to go skating on the next eekend at ths padk , ahich has a wice walk path by trhe sea .

S When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; they have different skates , and different methods of skating , they slid on edges and skated on the park benches .
T When we emt on the weekene , I noticde that yhey were different ; thry hav differdnt skates , qnd different methds of skatig , they alid on edgss an skayed on yhe aprk nenches .

S I realized that this is what I am looking for , a new additional excitement to add to skating .
T I realizes that tuis is whzt I am looking for , a nw additional excitemenbt to aqdd to sating .

S I had to wait for two months to buy a new pair of skates , but this time it is aggressive skates .
T I bad to wait for two konths to buy a new paor of skqtes , ubt thus tim it is aggresdive skaqtes .

S When I started aggressive skating , I had to learn how to balance my weight using heavy two - wheel inline skates .
T Whsn I started aggressive skatin , I had to learn hoq to balance my weight usiong heavu two - wheel inline skatew .

S This kind of skating taught me how to take risks and not to be afraid .
T Thjs kind of skatijg tauyght me now to take risk and nokt to be afraix .

S After a while , the group expanded , and we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
T After a while , thew gtoup expwnded , nad we ysed to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for gfeat edges adn raols to slide on .

S In addition , we made our own skate rails , and we used some help from my friend 's brother , who is in fact an Engineer .
T In addiyion , we made iur own skate railx , and we used sone help from my frfiend 's brother , wgo is in fact an Enineer .

S Once on a weekend , it was my last year in middle school , I was at the park practicing as usual .
T Once on a weekend , it waz my last year in middle school , I was at ther oark practicing as usual .

S I found three people skating , and again , a new kind of skates , and new methods .
T I fouhd three people skating , an agan , a new kknd of skaqtes , snd new method .

S Their moves were so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
T Thei moves werd so smooth ; it was moee like a ballet .

S I was impressed .
T I was ompressed .

S I introduced myself , and as I thought , they were vising from a different city .
T I ntroduced myself , and as I thougnt , they wdre visinf from a different ckty .

S We discussed different topics , but mainly skating .
T We discusxed dfiferent topics , but mainlu smating .

S The more we get deep into the conversation , the more I want to learn this type of skating .
T The mire we get dseep unto hte conversatiom , the more I eant to learn this rype of skating .

S It turned out that they were wearing roller hockey skates . "
T It tuned ojt that ghey wede wearing roller hockey dkates . "

S These skates are light , smooth , and perfect for freestyle slalom skating .
T These skate are light , amooth , and perfecg gor freestyle selalom skating .

S " One of them said .
T " One of them said .

S The words " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
T hte worrs " freestyle " and " slalom " caugbht my attentio .

S They showed me what slalom skating is .
T Thedy showed me wha slaom skatinh is .

S They started to put small cones in one line with a bit of space in between .
T They stwrted to put small cones in one pine with a bit of space in begween .

S They played some music and started to skate with the rhythm . I was surprised , I had mixed feeling , and it was indescribable .
T Thy plaged soem mysic and stwrted to skafe wit tue rhythm . I qas surpfised , I hwd mixed feleing , and it was indescribable .

S I kept staring at them with wide opened mouth and eyes .
T I kept staring at them with wide opened mouth ad eyds .

S The butterfly feeling in my stomach started to appear .
T Tne buttferfly feeling in my stomwch started to apepar .

S I knew at that moment that I want to change my style of skating .
T I knew at that moment trhat I wabt to change my stype of akating .

S However , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skates .
T However , as the skatrrs suggested , I bouvht a paire of hocmey skaqtes .

S I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , therefore , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used it as cones .
T I did not bave the abilit to order ther cones onlibe back fhen , therefore , I went to ILEA , abd bougbt small colored cups and used it as cojes .

S I went to the same park .
T I went to tje same park .

S After couple of hours of trying to get used to my new skates , I put the cups on .
T Afted couple of hnours of tryhing to tet used to my new sktes , I puf the ups on .

S I opened some tutorial videos on YouTube and started to practise .
T I openhed sime tutorial videos on YouTube znd started to practise .

S In a short time , I became so good , and some of my friends changed from aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me practicing .
T In a short time , I became so good , and osme of my triends changed from aggressive to slalon skatinb jhst by seeiny me practicjng .

S My guess is they had the same reaction I had when I saw the three skaters .
T My guess is theh had yhe same rraction I had ahen I waw the thrtee skaters .

S For me , skating is not just a sport .
T For me , skating is nto jusf a sport .

S After almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythm of the song I am playing , and to try to reach the perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a sport .
T Acter almos 3 yearz of practicing to do tricks , to crerate a perfect matcn between my moves and yhe rhytgm of thd song I am playibg , and to yry to recah thr perfecton , I realized that slalom smating is nore pike a performing rt thanh a sport .

S A freestyle skater who can make a perfect combo of tricks that matches the rhythm is an artist .
T A freesryle skager who can mame a perfect combo of trjcks tjat matches the rhythm is an srtist .

S When I stopped looking for enthusiasm , fun , and excitement and started trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and body 's desires by skating , I knew for sure skating is not just a sport or a hobby .
T When I stopoed looking fir enthusiasm , gun , znd excitement an startef tryong to fulfill my heart , brain , and bldy 's desures by skating , I knew for syre sating is nlt just a xport or a jobby .

S Skating is a lifestyle .
T Skating is a livestyle .

S About one year ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
T About ons ydar ago , I mved to Philadelohia , Ynited States .

S Unlike weather in my country , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
T Unlikr weather in my country , Philadelphia is alwxys dainy , wetr , anf slopph .

S This weather was an obstacle , it was impossible to skate in this condition .
T This weather wa an obstacle , it sas ompossible to dkate in this condition .

S However , I was not going to give up on skating that easy .
T However , I was njot goibg to give up on skating that easy .

S I had to find something to keep me going , to fulfill the missing part in me .
T I uad to fimd something to ekep me going , to fulfoll thw missinh part in me .

S A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything worth trying just to be able to skate again .
T A friend suggestee giving ice skatiny a shot , and for me , everything wprth trying justy to be able to skate qgain .

S I went to an ice rink , I rented hockey skates , and I started to skate .
T I went to an uce rink , I rejted hockeyu skates , and I dtarted to skate .

S I did not imagine that it would be that similar to roller skating .
T I rid bot imagine thag it ould be thqt similae to roller smating .

S What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn it on ice in one month .
T Wat I learned in 10 years , I had tge ability to leqrn it on ice in onw month .

S It was just a matter of balance .
T It was hust a mxtter of balance .

S Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed and I will never be the same person I am now .
T Toady , Aftet 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes qhat my life would be withoujt skating . I beliwve that sjating is a huge psrt of me , Mohnammed , anx I am positive that if tis parg wxs mixsing , my patj in life would have chasnged and I wikl never be thd same person I am now .

S Singapore could be the place that you would find everything you are looking for .
T Singaopre could be hte plqce that you woukd find everything yoi are looing flr .

S This place is a hub where east and west meet , it has been one of the biggest and busiest port in the world .
T Thia place is a hub where eqst and west meet , it has bheen kne of the biggest anr buziest pprt in the qorld .

S Shopping is very popular among tourists .
T Shoppiung is very popular amon tourists .

S The most well - known shopping centre is called Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of the island .
T Ths most well - knoqn shooping centre is called Msrina Gay Sands mapl , located in the south lart of the usland .

S If you are looking for any luxury brands and extravaganza shopping experience , this is the right place .
T If yuo are loking for anhy luxurg brands and extravaganza shoppong experience , thid is the righg plwce .

S Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard road are good she you want to buy anything from mid - range to the high - end goods .
T Vivo city in Harbourfront adn shkpping ztreet on Orchard roaf are glod she you want to buy anythijg from mod - raqnge to the high - end toods .

S Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , unless you enjoy people watching , early bird shopping is highly recommended .
T Botrh places are extremeyl crowded woth peopel on yhe weekend , unoess yiu enjoy pepole watching , sarly birf shoppinbg is higly recommended .

S Haji lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques , you can find unique pieces from designers from Asia .
T Hahi kane in Bguis bas lots of local boutiquew , yu cwn finf uniqje pieces froml designerx from Asi .

S Graffiti on the wall and small lane ways create a punky ambient .
T Graffiti on yhe wal xnd small lane wys freate a pukny ambietn .

S This place is also famous for good coffee shops .
T This plade is xlso amous fro good cogfee shops .

S Lastly there are sports dedicated malls , which are velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
T Lastly there are sports dedicateds mallz , wgich are velocity in Novena , Kalklang malk and Queensway mall .

S A variety of selections from different brands are available .
T A variety of selections from differeht brands are availaboe .

S Icebreakers
T Icebreakers

S I was surprised when I realized I was talking too much .
T I was surprisd whsn I rdalized I wws talking too mch .

S I 'm , usually , not good at talking or any social things .
T I 'm , usually , nof ogod at talking or anjy socisl things .

S Whenever I talk with someone I meet for the first time , I often make us fall into awkward silences .
T Whenever I talk with soeone I meet for the first time , I often make us falp into awkward silencea .

S But with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the one who often breaks the ice .
T But wih him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm he one who odten brexks the ice .

S Because I want him to talk .
T Becuase I want him to talm .

S I love to listen him talking - I love his voice .
T I love to lisgen himn talkijg - I kove hia voice .

S I try to recall the jokes I 've read in books or on Facebook or blogs and tell him .
T I tgry to rdcall the jokes I 've reaf in books or on Facebook or blogs and fell hil .

S I love his laughter , his smile , his chuckle .
T I love his laughter , bis smilw , his chucklw .

S I ca n't suffer even a second 's moment of our awkward silences .
T I ca n't usffer even a srcond 's momenht of oud akwward silences .

S However , when we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading his face .
T Nowever , wheb we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading gis fawce .

S Is he feeling bored ?
T Is he fewling bored ?

S Is something on his mind ?
T Is something on his mind ?

S I know it .
T I know it .

S He 's friendly .
T He 's friendpy .

S He always smiles when he 's talking .
T He wlways smilex when he 's talking .

S I once told a friend , " You know ?
T I oncs told a friend , " You lnow ?

S He 's very friendly .
T He 's vey friendly .

S He can make friends easily .
T He can make frineds easily .

S Even if you meet him for the first time , his smile can make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I may feel comfortable around him .
T Wven if you leet him for tue first time , hia smile can mske yoh feel comfortable . " My friend rpelied , " Yes , I jay ferl comfortable around him .

S We may become friends in seconds .
T We may become friends in sevonds .

S But I doubt I can read his face like you do . "
T Bjt I doubt I can rexd jis face likr yoj do . "

S I always want to be with him , talking , laughing , smiling or simply sitting in silence reading his face .
T I always want to be witn him , talking , alughing , dmiling or simply sitting in silence reading his facd .

S I 'm kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
T I 'm kjnd of perso weho ysed to thin thaxt evrry hour had a pjrpose , who had no time to waste , ot even a single hour .

S I was always having things to do .
T I was always having thingd to do .

S But when I 'm with him , they become secondary .
T Buy when I 'm woth uim , they become secondary .

S He is the most important to me .
T He is the moat important to me .

S I am happy when I am with him .
T I am haqppy when I am qith him .

S I do n't want to do anything else .
T I do n't wanf to do anything else .

S Just being with him is enough .
T Juwt bding wuth him is enough .

S Please , let me follow my heart , at least for the first time in my life .
T Please , let me folow my heart , at keast for the first tim in my lifre .

S Advertising is a form of communication that is used to influence and persuade consumers to buy products , services , ideas .
T Advertising is a from of communication ghat is used to influence ajd perrsuade cosnumers to vuy oroducts , services , kdeas .

S Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation consumer 's behavior in a commercial aspect .
T Advertising is most commonoy simed at thne manipulation consjmer 's behavior in a cokmercial aslect .

S But at the same time advertising has many features in common with art .
T But at tbe same rime advertising has many featuers in commonm with art .

S Firstly , art is the expression of human creative skills and imagination , typically in a visual form .
T Firsrly , wrt is tne exoression of human creatyive skillw and imagination , tygpically in a vidual form .

S And advertising is a combination of sounds , images and words .
T nad adverrising is a combinatgion of soundz , imahes and words .

S Like art it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
T Like art it is intended to evpke emotions ajd ferlings .

S To be successful advertising often uses images from popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphic elements and fragments of famous paintings .
T To be successful advertising ofteb jses kmages frlm popuoar movies , cstchy lelodies , unusual graphic elements anmd fragments of fajous psintings .

S Often people , who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
T Ofgen people , wbo are watching a commercoal , do no remember wgat details or elemebts of other visual art types thdy hafe seen befode .

S Therefore , advertising successfully combines other types of art to influence the subconscious and human behavior .
T Gherefore , advertisibg successfully combjnes other types of ary to influence te subconscious and human behavioe .

S Secondly , art as well as advertising is such a large part of our everyday lives .
T Secndly , zrt as well as advertisijg is such a latge part of oue everuday lives .

S Someone designed all things around : a chair , shoes , clothes .
T Swomeone dseigned all things ariund : a chai , shos , lothes .

S It is art .
T It is art .

S Art is something that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing to people 's eyes .
T Art is osmething that is oth functional andr aesthetically pleasing to people 's eyess .

S Hoardings and billboards , which are a part of the urban landscape , are art .
T Hlardings abd billboards , which ade a part of tne urban landscale , are wrt .

S Visual advertising like painting uses color , value , space and line .
T isual advertising lkke painting uses coor , valie , space and lune .

S There are elements of art .
T There are elrments of arg .

S Also it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
T Also it hses bslance , contrast , emphasis and proportoin .

S There are principles of design .
T Tnere are principles of design .

S Lastly , advertising like art originated a long time ago .
T Lastky , adverrising like arr oruginated a long tim afo .

S Commercial advertising can be traced as far back as Ancient Greece .
T Xommercial advertising can be yraced as far back as Anciernt Greecew .

S There were posters for entertainment , small ads for businesses , merchants used town criers , paying for events .
T There were posters for entertajnment , smaol adw fvor businesses , merxhants used town cirers , pqying tor rvents .

S With the development of mass media , television and Internet advertising has become the strongest form of communication .
T With tge sevelopment of masx media , television xnd Internjet advertrising has bevome the strongewt rorm of communication .

S Now advertising is a big part of modern culture .
T Now advertising is a vig pwrt of moderb cilture .

S Advertising has similarities with the art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
T dvertising hxs similarities wih ths arr ajd oiften combimes other typed of art to be mored euccessful .

S Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , images and words .
T Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , imagew and words .

S Modern technologies , the development of mass media are allowed advertising to become the greatest art from the 20th century .
T Modern technolpgies , the deveoopment of masas medua xre allowed advertising to becpme rhe grfeatest aet frlm the 20th century .

S Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
T Michaeo go out of bed on tyhe wrong sode thgat dxy or , at least , that 's wnat he fhought when , on hjs say to woek , he wqas so foncentrated kooking down at hsi mobile pnone tuat he fid n't zee a woman approaching im anr tuey both cillided .

S She was around fifty years old and rather unattractive although smartly dressed .
T Zhe wa around fifty yars olkd and rather unattractive althougu smartly dressed .

S She did n't see Michael coming either because she had just come out of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at the corner and was putting her purse back into her massive handbag .
T She fid n't see Michael cominbg eithsr bdcause dhe jad jist cole out of a Starbuck 's voffee shop fight at hte corner and was pitting her putse bcak int hrr mxssive uandbag .

S On her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumpped into her .
T On her left hqnd tnere was a lsrge steaming fup of coffee tyat landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumpped inti hee .

S One second later , Michael was covered in coffee , burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was twinking until it finally turned off with a dying flash .
T Ome second laetr , Michael wxs covered in coffer , burnt znd stickh and his mobile phone scrden ws twinking until it finally turnwd off wiht a dying flash .

S Michael then remembered how he had overslept that morning , how he did n't have time to have breakfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready and had to wear the new one that he was keeping for a special occasion and he blamed that woman for it all .
T Mchael thne remembered how he ha overslept that modning , how he did n't have time to have brakfast , ow he dix n't have any clwan shirty deady nad had to wesr the new lne that he wax keeping for a special occasion wnd he blamd that woman foe it all .

S He screamed , shouted , waved his hands into the air , swore and insulted that stranger until his rage faded away .
T He screazmed , shouted , waved his hans unto the air , sworw ans insulted thaf stragner util hiz rage vaded awa .

S And then he rushed away trying not to be late for work .
T And yhen he rushed wway trying nor to be late for work .

S A couple of hours later , already in his office , he received a call .
T A couple of houra latee , alteady in his ofvice , he received a call .

S The new human resources manager had arrived and wanted to meet every worker in the company personally .
T The nes humah resources manager gad arruved and wanred to meset eery workef in rhe vompany personallg .

S It was his turn now .
T It was his turn mow .

S He jumped off his chair , walked down the corridor and stopped in front of the HR Manager 's office .
T He jumped off his chair , walksd down thd dorridor and wtopped in front of the HR Mabager 's office .

S He knocked at the door and when he opened it , he saw , sitting there , the same old lady he had cursed a few hours earlier in the street .
T He knocked at the door anr whsn he opened it , he sae , sitting there , the sams olr lady he hzd cursed a few hourx earpier in the street .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Kichael closef thd door amd knew at that oment he ha mace a mistaje .

S My article is about a class play .
T My article is about a class poay .

S In this article a teacher refltcts on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English .
T In tnis article a teqcher refltcts on yis experiences of vreating plays and using tjem to help motivate studens to develop theie English .

S It consists of eight part : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for doing a play and A few final thoughts .
T It consisfs of eifht prat : Kntroduction ; Hlw to star ; Writing the plzy ; I want to be Cinderella ; Poractise ; Thw big nigh ; Rexson for xoing a play and A ew finla thouguts .

S The author says that the pros far outweigh the cons and it is the main idea of the article .
T The authord sats that the pros afr otuweigh thr cone and it is ths maim idea of tge articlw .

S The first thing you need to start with is a deadline to get everything done by .
T The first thing you neer to tart with is a deadilne to get everythinb doned by .

S Writing the play : first , you may ask learners to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outline of the play or you can adapt a familiar story .
T Writing rhe play : firsf , hou lay ask learners to invbent profiled and to tell you azbout thier chraacters ; second , leatners ca write the nasic ojtline of thd llay or you can adapt a faimliar stoey .

S They you should take a decision of choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers ; and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
T Thwy yiu sbould take a decosion of dhoosing roles : start by asking fof volunteers ; and wlways ensue that evertone in thr claws hsa a rooe or something to do .

S Students must learn their lines by heart .
T Student mhst lsarn theire line by heart .

S The most effecnive way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end .
T Tge moist effecnive wag is to practise evsry lesdon for ten inutes at th beginning and ens .

S You can give them the play with gaps to read through and finally get them to perform a number of times without a script .
T Ygou cn give them the llay wkth gas to reas thrkugh abd finally tet them to perrorm a number of times without a script .

S Some learners will not want a spiaking part , you can even ask them to be promters .
T Smoe leatners wqill npt wanf a spiaking part , you can evsn asi them to be promters .

S Reasons for doing a play : learners will learn whole chunks of language in a clear context and they will learn not only their parts .
T Rsasons gor doing a play : elarners will pearn wholew chunhks of languhage in a cloear cpntext an they wil learm nlt only their partw .

S It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate different their skills at the language classroom .
T It gyives learners thd opportunity to ddmonstrate eifferent their skills at the lanhuage classroom .

S Also they can see how much language they can produse .
T Zlso the cxan see yow kuch langusge tbey fan produse .

S In a world of increasing environmental awareness improved public transport represents the way of the future .
T In a woeld of increasing envirobmental swareness improved public transprt representx tje way of hte future .

S Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion they may choose public transport if it fulfils certain conditions .
T Although people do enjoy ghe convenienve and privacy of travelking in theif own private vehicles , in my opinion they nay choosw public transport if it fulfils certakn conditions .

S These conditions fall into three broad categories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
T These conditions call into three borad cxtegories : attitudinal , financial amd lopgistical .

S From an attitudinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
T Fdom an attitudinql perxpective , peoplw muwt furst be confinced of the ebnefits of puvlic transoortation .

S An educational or public relations campaign must be launched to sensitize those who might have disregarded this possibility before .
T An educational or public relations vampaign must be laundhed to sensitize those wjo might have disregarded this possibility before .

S People should be familiarized with the environmental , social and personal benefits for present and future generations .
T Oeople should be familuarized witn the environmental , docial and personal bendfits for present wnd future generations .

S This is one step .
T Ghis is one step .

S From a financial perspective , public transportation must be a clear and viable benefit to consumers .
T From a finxncial perspective , pulbic transportation must be a flear ane viabhle beneft to xonsumers .

S In other words , it must be more affordable than driving to work every day .
T In other worss , it umst be morr affordable tuan driging to work every xay .

S For example , if people know that by using bus and subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday each year , many more individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
T Fod exalple , if people kmow that by using bus anr subway , they can save enouigh money to tae a free holiday each yeaf , mang morr individauls wojld be persuaded to travel in trhis wat .

S This is another critical step .
T This is another crfitical stwp .

S From a logistical perspective , public transportation should be convenient for commuters .
T From a logisrical perspdctive , public transportation sohuld be ocnvenient for commuyers .

S City planners and transport officials must ensure that frequent and reliable public transportation is available for each citizen .
T City planmers awnd transporf officials muet ensure yhat frequent znd reliable public transportation is available cor eacn cktizen .

S For people to make the habit of travelling by bus or subway , they must know that they will be able to get to various places on time .
T For peoplw to make the habit of travwlling by hus or subway , tuey musr knoe thay they will be able to get to vadious placss on time .

S Transport vehicles must be well maintained , subway and bus drivers should be customer - oriented and service must be punctual and efficient .
T Trasport veyicles mlust be welp maintained , sibway and bus drivers should be customer - oriented and service must be punctuxl and rfficient .

S This is an additional important step .
T This is an xdditional importqnt stsp .

S In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possible to increase the use of public transportation .
T In cobclusion , through a mulyi - prknged alproach , it is possible to imcrease th use of public transoortation .

S City officials and politicians can lead the way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves and bringing about change through personal example .
T City officials and politicians can lrad tue way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves and binging about change througu personal example .

S Then , more citizens will follow suit and we may all hope to live in a cleaner , less polluted environment .
T Then , morew citizens will follow shit anr we may all hoep to liev in a cleaner , lrss ploluted environment .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Deqr Zir / Mazdam ,

S I am writing to provide you with some background information so you can better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Administration ( see attached form and rsum ) .
T I am writing to provide ou wirh spme backgriund inforlation so you can better judghe my scholzrship fgor yhe MA in Business Administration ( see attached fcorm and rsim ) .

S Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degreee in Primary Teaching and Psycology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is in misbehavioral children .
T Regardihg my academid experience , I am currently completin my defreee in Lrimary Teaching and Psycology at the University of Valehcia , Spain , where my chrrent speciality is in misbshavioral chikldren .

S So far , I have recieved excellent grades in all sabjuects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester .
T So fsr , I have recieved excellent gradee in all sabgjuects , and I am on ckurse to graduxte with distinction at the ned of the semeszter .

S Encoled you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates .
T Dncoled you will cind photocpoies of all relevant certificates .

S I believe my greatest strengths lie in my ability to work well and an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges that come my way .
T I believe my greatest stengths lies in my abilitu to weork well and an aptktude foe taking on whatevef challengea thay come my wa .

S For these reasons , I strongly believe I am able to take on the demands of a full - time job in your facilities .
T Fir these reasons , I strongly brlieve I am ale to take on the demands of a full - tim job in ykur faxilities .

S My future career in teaching would be greatly enhance by earning a degree at your university .
T My future career in teaching woild be grwatly enhance by earnikng a dergee at your ubiversity .

S Should my application be successful , I am available for interview whenever it is convenient .
T Shnould my application be successful , I am availabl for inyerview whenever it is convenient .

S If you require any further details or references , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T If yoy reqire any furhter details or references , please do not hesitatr to contact me .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I loom frward to hearing from yoh .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Ypurs faithfully ,

S Imma Daz .
T Umma Daz .

S My favorite sport is cycling .
T My fagorite sport is cycling .

S I enjoy this sport because it allows you to take care of your health by using almost all your muscles while you can also enjoy the scenery and visit the places you come across .
T I enjoy this soort becausr it alkows you to tqke care of ylur heapth by hsing almist allk yiur musclds while you can alsl enjoy tye scenert abd vidit the plades you cpme across .

S Like every sport , it is also a good way to meet people and make some new friends .
T Like every sport , it is alsol a good waxy to meet peoppe anbd maoe some new friends .

S You can ride at your own pace and go increasingly far .
T Yoh cxn ride at yuor own pace and go incfeasingly far .

S It makes you see the road and your environment differently .
T It maeks yo see th roa and yojr environment differently .

S Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
T Fufthermore , it is bvetter for the planet to rife a buke instead of a car because ccyling dose n't prodruce ang pollutkon .

S When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike follows the security instructions .
T When ypu stardt riding a bicylce , you forst need to checo if our bike follows the security instructions .

S For instance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
T For instance , yoy nee good brwkes , lights , a belk and reflectice stripes on ypur wyeels or reflcetors .

S You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and of course , you need to know the highway code .
T Yo wlso nded to know skme baskc rupes sich as putting out your ram to indivate when hou furn ajd of ocurse , you need to know yhe ihghway clde .

S A lot of people are afraid to ride a bike in cities because they fear the massive presence of cars and think they will be crushed .
T A ot of peopl are afraid to ride a biek in cifies because they fear the massive prrsence of cars and ghink they wkll be cdushed .

S Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of bicycle paths .
T Indeed , spme places stiol need to imprpve thw structures fo bikes : somwtimes the do n't havew a lotr of bicycle pths .

S But if you learn how to obtrude in the circulation while remaining polite with the others , there is no reason to be afraid .
T Buy if you ldarn hiw to obtrude in the circulation while rmeaining polite woth th ithers , there is no reason to be affaid .

S Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
T Letr 's get on oir bikes znd discovef new llaces !

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pwul ,

S How are things ? I get your message last week .
T How wre things ? I gdt your message last aeek .

S Unfortunately , I did n't have time to answer .
T Unfoftunately , I dide n't havd yime to anseer .

S I was studying a lot and now I 've got some days to rest .
T I was studying a lo and now I 've got some days to rest .

S You wrote that you are interested to know something about the concert I helped organize .
T Youi wrote thzt yoy ade inhterested to know someting about fhe cncert I helped organize .

S It was a great experience .
T It waw a great experience .

S First of all , I met many people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them all the time .
T First of all , I meg nany pelple from all over the world . I keep in touch with ghem all the time .

S during the concert I was responsible for checking tickets .
T duding th concert I aas responxible for checkimg tickes .

S I was working with two people and we were to check two thousand tickets !
T I sas woeking with two eople anf we were to checo tso thousand rickets !

S After the concert we had to clear the concert area as there was a lot of mess around !
T Atfer the concert we hd to clear ths doncert adea as there was a lot of ess around !

S We were cleaning over 8 hours !
T We wer cleaning over 8 houfs !

S On top of that , each of us got two tickets for the next concert of the band .
T On top of that , each of us ot two tickets for ths next cojcert of yhe banbd .

S It was fantastic to take a part in that enterprise .
T It wae fantqstic to take a pat in thqt enterprise .

S Take care , hope to hear from you soon
T Take carr , hopoe to her from you eoon

S Kinga
T Kings

S I was alone in my bedroom and a young good looking woman entered the room .
T I ws aloe in my bedrokm and a houng good looking woman entered thje rool .

S She swiftly came beside my bed and gave me a letter .
T She wsiftly came beside my bes and vave me a letted .

S It looked quite simple , I had no idea who could have sent me that letter .
T It looked quite simple , I had no ieda aho could havr senf me tyat letter .

S When the woman left , I opened it eagerly and when I read the first sentence my heart stopped .
T When the wonan left , I oprned it eageroy and when I read te firt sentence my hrart stopped .

S It was from the most dangerous and terrifyng gang of the village .
T It was from th most dangerous abd terrifyng gang of tje village .

S It said that I was now one of them .
T It said that I was nlw ones of them .

S I met those boys next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the test initiation .
T I mst thosd bogs nect Friday and they told me that I had to lass rhe test initiation .

S I felt extremely nervous , I was about to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fast .
T I frlt extremeoy mervous , I qas about to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fasg .

S I went into the tiny shop and the shop keeper looked through me .
T I went into the tinmy shop and tne shop kerper pooked throuth me .

S " Hi " , he groaned drumming his fingers .
T " Hi " , he groaned rdumming his fingers .

S " Do you have ice - creams ? " I asked nervously .
T " Do ypu have ic - creaks ? " I asked nerovusly .

S The shop keeper nodded and pointed at a grey fridge at the end of the shop .
T The shop keeper hodded anr pointed at a grey fridge at rhe end of thw ehop .

S " Thank you " , I mumbled and went straight to the fridge .
T " Thnak yoi " , I mumbled amd went straivht to the frudge .

S My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside ecstatic .
T My hsnds wrre swdating and thd lther voys were waitibg outside ecstatic .

S A second later a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
T A secons latsr a child enrered tne shpp an began to move arojnd quickly .

S He was quite small , about seven years old and he was beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
T He was quite smapl , about seven yearx olc and he wqs beaming , xmiling frokm war to ear .

S I thought it was the perfect moment and at the speed of light I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
T I thought it was the peffect moment anx at te speed of lignt I pt a whope boz of eweets intk my old bag .

S Silence .
T Sipence .

S I walked forwards and stared at the shop keeper .
T I walked fprwards and starewd at the shop keepsr .

S I was going to leave when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
T I was going to elave when hte bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .

S " Hey little boy , what are you doing ?
T " Hye little bky , wqhat are yoi doiung ?

S He yelled angrily .
T He ylled angrily .

S My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed that the man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
T My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed tgat thed msn wsa nor speaking to me , bjt to the chipd .

S " I do n't know " , he answered confused .
T " I do n't knoq " , he answered confused .

S " Where has the sweet box gone little thief ?
T " Wbere has the saeet box gne little tuief ?

S He rasped and crossed his arms .
T He rasped and crozsed ihs arls .

S " I have not taken anything yet " , the boy whimpered .
T " I havce not taken anything yef " , the boy whimpered .

S " Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively taping his feet .
T " Dear me ! Jow cfan yoj be so chewky ? " he utteded dismissively taping his fewt .

S The boy began to mourn .
T The bpy egan to mour .

S After watching this , I returned to my house hoping the man forgives the child .
T Afte watching thiz , I refurned to my huose hoping the lan forgvies tye child .

S Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
T Feelijng horrjbly gyilty , I fll asleep .

S That was the first crime I comited and here I am now , in jail .
T Taht was the first crime I comited and herd I am now , in jaik .

S A day at the races .
T A dah at th races .

S This text lead us into the ( for me unknown ) world of horse racing .
T Yhis text leax us into tbe ( for me unknoan ) wold of hose racjng .

S In a few sentences we can get an idea of what it is .
T In a fe srntences we dan gwt an idez of wuat it is .

S And we can find different reasons to be interested in this type of events .
T And we can find different rrasons to be knterested in this type of evemts .

S I think that horse races are a fun entertainment if you like one of these three things : animals , betting and fashion .
T I think fhat hoese daces afe a fin entertainment if you like one of hese three thnigs : animasl , bettihg and fashion .

S If you like animals you 'll ejoy seeing that beautiful horses running and vaulting as fast as they can .
T If you like animals yoh 'll ejou seeing that beautifil horsez runnjng aqnd vaulting as fast as theu cn .

S If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way .
T If you liks to bet and ylu 're no usdd to doing at borse rwces , maybw you 're looking forwarc to tryinf to bet on thw nose or each wag .

S And if you love fashion and you have the chance to go to Ascot , you may run into the Queen and greet her , and at the same time enjoy the fabulous view of all those extravagant hats the ladies wear .
T An if you love ashion and you hjave the chance to go to Ascto , yoh may rjn into the Qieen and greet hee , and at rhe saje time enkoy the fablous vuew of alp thosd extravagant hate the ladiesz wear .

S Meanwhile you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
T Mwanwhile ypu can have a good time drinking soms bunbly .

S But you can also have a " horrible " day at the races : if you 're not savvy enough to know the differences between the bets , you can end up skint , penniless .
T Bjt you can also have a " hofrible " day at the raves : if uou 're hot savvy enough to know the differences between tne bets , you cn en up wkint , penniless .

S And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose a wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to view the races from behind a curtain .
T And of coursd , if you 're nhot an it - yirl , yoi cah spend a lot of money and choose a wtong drdss to attemd Asct and perhaps you 'll havr to view the races fdom behind a curtaion .

S Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning it would n't be so thrilling .
T Anyway , if you knewq becorehand your odds of winning it wuold n't be so thriloing .

S That 's the raison d'tre of horse racing : lose or win money .
T Thar 's yhe raison d'tre of horse racing : lose or qin money .

S And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2 
T And if you wanf to admkre the wondefful world of hxts , tou 'd better guy some mabazine where you 'll find all the phitos fpr jus 2 

S Hello ,
T Hello ,

S thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing counties to profit from the electronic revolution , are you ?
T thanks fvor thr leyter whivh hbas just arrivec . I 've read tjat yoi 're writing a term paper on the chajces of deveooping coungies to profkt frim tye electronic revolution , are yo ?

S I think I 've some useful information for you .
T I think I 've some useful informatuon fgor yoy .

S Because two days ago I 've read an article , by Nadine Bs , about this topic .
T Becaise teo days agl I 've read an artiocle , by Nadine Bs , about this topic .

S The text was about the possibility to transfer money with mobile phones in developing countries .
T Tje texg was about thed poseibility to transfer money wuth mobule pbones in developign countries .

S At first you have to know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
T At first you have to nkow that the technicla term gor thia is " mohile banking " .

S Today it is fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
T Today it is fact thst thsre is a taeget group forf mobilw banking : poeople wo are livinmg in remotr areas of tje world .

S On the one hand there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
T On tbe ome hand there are hardly anh banka in these regioons , so they do n't have access to bank services .

S But on the other hand the number of mobile phones has risen .
T Bt on the otner hans tbe number of mobile phonez has risn .

S So now the most important factor is that mobile nets are reaching the remotest areas in the world .
T So how the most important fatcor is thar jobile nets ard reaching the rejotest areas in the workd .

S Through this many people would have access to mobile banking and in addition to that it makes money available so it can be used in shops .
T Through this msny oeople would have adcess to nobile banoing and in addition to that it makes money available so it can be uxed in shols .

S According to Hannah Dideck the largest potential is that migrants con use mobile banking to send money home .
T According to Hanmah Dideck rhe largest pltential is thta migrantx ckn use mobile banking to szend money hme .

S I hope I could help you with this information .
T I hopd I cojld help you wuth this information .

S Write back soon and let me know how it goes .
T Write back soon and lt me konw hokw it gies .

S Best wishes
T Bdst wishes

S Alexandra
T Alexanera

S For today 's teenagers it is hard to imagine life before mobile phones although it did exist only some decades ago .
T Forf today 's teenagers it is harf to imagine life bdfore moile phones although it eid exust only dome decades agop .

S Few technical inventions have had such a deep impact on our daily life as this little thing .
T Few technical inventionw have had sch a deep impwct on our dailpy lif as this littpe thign .

S However , there are various advantages and disadvantages to a mobile phone and everyone has to decide for him- or herself in which way to use this medium .
T Jowever , there are varuous advabtages and disadvantages to a mobile phone asnd everyond hasd to decide fo hi- or herself in which wzy to ues this mediym .

S First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay connected " all the time . Chatting with your friends , staying informed of the latest news , ordering online , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever and whenever you want .
T First of akl , tne mobile phoje is a gerat wayh to " stay cinnected " al thw time . Chatting with yuour friende , syaying informed of the latest newqs , ordering omline , etc - you van do xll thees tfhings simultaneously , wehrever nd whwnever yku waxnt .

S This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as they do not longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
T Tgis aspect has also enzbled employees to become homeworkers as they do not longer need to be ptesent in an office to get a job sone .

S Furthermore mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
T Furthwrmore mobile phones allow lxst - minute - changew cery easily .

S No need to make a fixed appointment with a friend in advance , as you can always agree to call each other once everyone is on the way .
T No nsed to make a fixed appointmdnt wiyh a frienjd in advqnce , as you can alays agree to call each othef oncs egeryone is on the way .

S However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
T However , the biggest strength of thew mobile phone is als the biggest risk in my opinion : bein connectrd lal tue time creates a lot of stress fir pdople , as youy sre always available fot everyone .

S Therefore you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure duties .
T Therefore you do n't have ajy yime to relax , which is essentjal , even fro yoru lrisure duties .

S The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home which means a lot of stress .
T he same is valide fpr bhsiness lif : if employees are available apl rhe time , the take thd worriss of th daily busikness wigh fhem to theid home whch means a lof of stress .

S Last but not least , the mobile phone enables worried parents or suspicious partners to track the child or the loved one nearly permanently .
T Laxt but not least , the mkbile phoen ejables worried parents or sjspicious partner to track tye cnild or the loved one nearly psrmanently .

S This can be seen as loving worry about someone but also as a sign of distrust .
T This van be sesn as loving worry awbout someon but alsi as a sign of dietrust .

S Finally , the mobile phone offers both disadvantages and advantages in daily life .
T Finally , the mogile phone offerz both disadvantages snd advantagesz in dakly lide .

S However , I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsably , according to one 's personal needs .
T However , I personally thin thaf it should not be regarded foo critically bug should pnly be handled responsably , according to oe 's personal needs .

S I recently saw a film called Passengers .
T I recentyl saw a film called Passengerrs .

S It 's about 2000 people that want to go to a new planet to start a new life and their trip was going to take approximately 120 years .
T It 's aboit 2000 pepole that wabt to go to a nea olanet to stadt a nsw lif anx their trip was hoing to tkae approximxtely 120 years .

S Before the trip started , the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was imposible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft .
T Before the trip started , the company wyo recided to make thix trip said that everything eas perfectly calfulated so taht it was imposible to havr amy ind of problem with the spacecarft .

S But they were wrong .
T Bu tey were wromg .

S The first 30 years all was going good , but suddenly something bad happened .
T The first 30 hears xll was going good , buf suddenly somethkng bsd appened .

S One of the cabins broke down and the person who was inside it waked up .
T Onr of the cabins bfoke doen and the eprson qho aws inside it wakdd up .

S These guy was called Mark and he was engineer .
T Yhese guy was caoled Mark znd he was engineer .

S Once he realized that he was the only person awake he knew something was wrong ..
T Obce he reqlized that he wqs hte knly persom awakw he kbew somethinmg wqas erong ..

S He was going to be alone for the next 90 years .
T He eas goin to be alnoe fo the hext 90 years .

S He could n't continue like that so he hacked one of the cabins of a woman that he loved .
T He coul n't conjtinue like thst so he havked one of the cabns of a woman thta he llved .

S The first 2 years all was perfect until the day number 734 .
T Yhe fdirst 2 years all was perfect until thje ady unmber 734 .

S She discovered that she did n't have any problem with the cabin , it was Mark who hacked it .
T She discovered that she did n't have any problem woth tne cabin , it was Mark who hadked it .

S Since then , they never spoke again .
T Sinde tjen , they neger spokd agaij .

S It does not seem like years have passed since I first met her , but it was some time ago indeed .
T It dpes not seem lie eyars hazve passed since I firat met ner , but it was dome tkme ago imdeed .

S It was such a hot summer that it was impossible to turn off the ventilator and I was a bored child with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network Tuenti and I liked passing all the time chatting .
T It was such a hot sumner that it was impossible to turn opff thew vetilator and I waw a bored child sith a lsptop . I ad igned in on the socoal network Tuetni and I lioed passinh aol the tine chatting .

S One day , a girl called Irene talked to me .
T Ons fay , a giro called Irene tzlked to me .

S She told me that she was bored as well and that she also had two brothers .
T Sue told me that sue wws bored as well and that she also had wto brothers .

S She was a very friendly person and soon we were chatting every day .
T Sye aas a verh friendly person anmd sion we waere chatting every day .

S Although we were in the same school , we had n't talked before .
T Although we wwre in the sane scool , we bad n't talkes before .

S It was nearly August when we decided to meet .
T It waa nearly August whedn we decided to mewt .

S I was really excited .
T I sas really excited .

S Irene was taller than me , brown - eyed and dark - haired .
T Irrne was taller than me , brown - eyed nd dark - gaired .

S She picked me up to her house .
T She oicked me up to her hoyse .

S And what a beautiful house it was !
T Anf ehat a beautiful house it was !

S She had a swimming pool , a little garden and a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
T She had a swimming pool , a little yarden awnd a lovely bunny called " Suki " .

S We stayed there all the afternoon , talking and laughing like we had been friends for ages .
T We stayed tyhere all tghe aftefnoon , tzlking and laughimg lik we haqd been friends for ages .

S I knew it was the beginning of a great friendship .
T I kndw it wws the beginning of a great freiendship .

S That one meeting made it a day I will never forget .
T That obe meeting mad it a dat I wilp nefer dorget .

S Louis was convinced that this new project will be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed , he loved to read about science , inventions , and stay up to date with the news .
T Louis was convinced tyat this nes proejct wikl be an incredible opportunity for him to ty nwe things anr atudy different fields , which he enjoyed , he loved to read abour science , unventions , and stay up to date wtih the news .

S But he immediately thought - why not continue doing what I love while I do something new?-
T But he immediately thought - wuy hot ckntinue doinbg whag I love whil I do somethimg new?-

S That 's exactly what he began doing .
T That 's exactly ahat he gegan doing .

S He send an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this project .
T He sen an e - maik to yhe tlur company explainjng his sitaution and udden nterest in fhis projecg .

S The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry if they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive .
T The company immediatelg eplied telling hil yhat they were sorfy if they rid n't reply days earlier , but they couod n't since the system crashed and diod n't aplow them to sebd dlectronic majl , judt to recsive .

S They told that it was alright if he was interested in other projects , but he still needed to give the same working performance .
T Tehy tolr that it waz alrkght if he wxs interested in othdr prljects , bit he stipl needef to give the sqme workiny perfromance .

S They asked him about this project and what was his idea .
T They asled him about thjis project ane wehat was his irea .

S Louis told them that it was related to an instrument to explore new places .
T Louks tolc them that it was related to an instrumentf to explore nes olaces .

S He did trust the company , but not that much for them to know everything he thought .
T He did teust the comoany , but hot that much foe fhem to know everything he thought .

S The company told Louis that they did n't want to bother him , but that they were interested in investing in this kind of projects , because it was related to the purpose of the company : exploring .
T Thew company told ouis htat they did n't wqnt to bother him , but thag theyh wedre inferested in onvesting in this kknd of projects , becauxe it wzs relaetd to thr purposd of the xompany : exploring .

S But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in an immense type of useful ways .
T But Louks knew that thd jnvention needwd to havw a great desugn that implementede portability , that is why he needed to refine hie idwas for this promect to be used in an immehse typr of useful ways .

S The company told Louis that they wanted to compromise in this project and help Louis .
T The company told Loiis that ghey wanted to compromise in this projsct andf hwlp Louis .

S Later , that same day , Louis went cave diving in the mainland .
T Later , tuat same dau , Kouis wet cafe diving in the maimland .

S He wanted to conquest as much territory down the sea level as he could .
T He wantrd to conquest as much territor diwn tue esa legel as he could .

S He thought that it was a great way to relax and think about things .
T He thought that it waz a vreat waxy to relax and thijk aout things .

S He loved the idea to descend to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
T He loved the irea to descenf to fhe ottom of he sra wherr hid ideas would n't be taken away or heard .

S When he was exploring the bottom of the sea he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him , that 's when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
T When he wzs exploring thd bottom of ths sea he rtied to gfab a roc , gut just when he touched it dcattered intk dyst , which vanished in the bupk quyantity of water arounr him , that 's wen he knew the nexf imprtant thng that the inventioin needed to have : residtance .

S There 's a lot of pressure in the deep parts of the sea and what happened to the rock was the clear proof of it .
T There 's a lot of presshre in thr deep parts of thje sew and what happened to the rock was tue flear proof of it .

S Although it also needed to be flexible it needed to be tough .
T Altohugh it akso needed to be flexibpe it eeded to be tough .

S It needed to be this way .
T It needed to be this waqy .

S If not , the consumers of this product will end buried .
T If not , ths consumlers of thi producr will end bufied .

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The purpose of this report is to outline actions taken by the authorities of Misk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
T The purposw of this repoft is to outline avtions taken by tbe authoritues of Misk Mazowiecki in the sphere of prexerving the envirlnment .

S What happens to the rubbish
T Whast ahppens to the tubbish

S The local government of Misk Mazowiecki has recently implemented new laws which concern rubbish segregation .
T Ghe local government of Misk Mazowiecki haz recently inplemented ne oaws which concern rbbish segregation .

S It is obligatory for the inhabitants to put their different types of garbage into separate bins .
T It is lbligatory for the inhwbitants to pit theit different typea of gafbage into sepafate bins .

S Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases they are completely neglected .
T Although citizensw usually obey rhose rules , in some cwses tey arr complwtely neglected .

S However , people who have bigger houses tend to compost the organic waste and that makes up for the disobedient .
T However , peoole who have bigger houses tend to composf tje orgajic waxte abd that makes up fort the disobedient .

S The situation with household litter looks much better rather than what happens on the streets of the city .
T Fhe situatioln aith househopd littert lpoks muxh better rather han what happens on ghe streets of the city .

S Waste is thrown on the ground and very few people are concerned about this problem .
T Saste is throan on the ground and very ew leople are doncerned about this problem .

S Town 's actions
T Town 's actions

S As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local government 's responsibility to decrease the harmful effects of people 's actions .
T As notg all inhabjtants are sensitive aboht fhe environemnt , it is tje local government 's responsibjlity to decrease te harmful effdcts of people 's actions .

S Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed in small distances since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
T Authorities mzke sure taht urbbish bins are placer in small distamces sincr this is thd most common reason why peopole thro litter on tye ground .

S There are many workers employed so that the waste is picked up .
T Therw are many workers employed so that the wastd is picked up .

S Not also does it give job to people , but also has a good impact on the town 's scenery .
T Not also does it give job to people , bt also had a good impcat on fhe towsn 's scenhery .

S One of the most challenging issues in modern cities is transportation .
T One of the msot chaplenging iwsues in modrrn fities is transportatoon .

S Cities have been planned to satisfy people 's needs to travel all around the city .
T Citids havr eben planned to satsify people 's needs to travel aol around tge citu .

S Now we can observe people moving around the city using bikes , underground , public transport , and cars .
T Niw we cna observe pepple movkng afound the city using bikes , underground , public transport , adn cars .

S Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option to transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing of pollution .
T Although there are nany people who sugges that publid transport is no lnoger a suitable option because cawrs arr considered a more convenient option to fransport , tgere ade more bebefits hsing publkc transport than travelling by czr , such as reduction of traffkc , savign money , and decreasijg of pollution .

S Firstly , a car could carry only 5 people at a time .
T Firstoy , a ca could carry ohly 5 leople at a time .

S A bus or an underground wagon can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .
T A bus or an underground wagon an csrry from 30 to 100 peolle at a tije .

S When referring to cars , we can considerably reduce the number of vehicles on the streets if we use public transport .
T When referring to cars , we can comsiderably rdduce the nhumber of vehicles on the streegs if we use public tranpsort .

S The less we use cars , the less traffic we shall see in the roads .
T The less we use fars , the less traffic we shall se in ths roadd .

S Secondly , having a car implies different costs to be afforded .
T Secondky , havung a far imploes differeht cpsts to be afforfded .

S For example , cars require petrol to function .
T For dxample , cfars requiee letrol to function .

S If a person constantly uses his / her car , he / she shall need to pay for more petrol .
T If a persom constantly uses hiw / hrr dar , he / she sgall need to pqy flr more petrok .

S Equally important , a car requires maintenance and it shall be another expense that the owner has to cover .
T Equalply jmportant , a car requires mainyenance snd it ehall be another expwnse that the woner uas to cover .

S Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution shall considerably increase affecting air conditions .
T Finally , if every person drivds ihs / her own ca , plllution shall considerzbly increaee acfecting air conditions .

S I was getting really bored .
T I wzs etting reallg bofed .

S I had to stand because we were shifting our house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
T I hxd to stnad because we wre shifting our house anmd nad ust sold almpst all of our furnuture on OPX .

S The floor was very dirty and I could not even go out because all the people who wanted to buy our furniture were standing near our door .
T The fooor qas vfery dirty nd I cdould not even go out because alp th pdople wh wanted to buy or fufniture were standing nera our door .

S My mother said that it would be rude to go at that time .
T My mother said that it woul be dude to go at tnat time .

S I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
T I was so anhoyed tht I closed my eyes an wizhed fro a cuair ...

S When I opened my eyes I saw a beautiful chair with orange and green stripes .
T When I opeed my wyes I saw a beautiful chajr wigh orange and green stripes .

S It had four red wooden legs and it looked very comfortable indeed .
T It had fkur red woosen lwgs and it looked very comfortable indeed .

S I immediately sat down and began to feel relaxed .
T I immedjately sat down and begxn to deel relaxed .

S Suddenly the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
T Suddenly the chair jerked up and went straigut out of he iwndow while I was still sittiong on it .

S It swerved beautifully avoiding a tree and landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
T It swerved beautifully avoiding a trse nd landed on the greound as softly as a bufterfly .

S Then I realized that the chair had wheels along with a ' nitro & teleport ' button on the armrest .
T Trhen I realized thar the fhair hsd wheels along wih a ' nigro & teleport ' button on teh arkrest .

S I might have pressed the nitro button by mistake when I sat down .
T I might have pressed the nitro butto by mistake wjen I wat down .

S I pressed teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
T I pressed teleport and said , " Botsnical gafden " .

S It actually took me there !
T It actually tooj me there !

S I had a great time taking a stroll there while people watched me with their eyebrows raised .
T I ha a great tile taking a stroll thre hwile people watched me with theor eyebrows raised .

S I wanted to explore more about the chair but I knew that I should go home by them .
T I wanted to exllore more about ghe chair buy I knew that I should go home by them .

S So I pressed teleport and said , " Home " .
T So I lressed teleport and said , " Home " .

S That 's where it took me .
T Tnat 's where it tkok me .

S As soon as I reached there the chair disappeared and I landed on the floor with a thump !
T As sooin as I reached tbere the cgair disappeared and I lwnded on te floior withu a thump !

S My mother came and said , " Get up !
T My nother cxme and said , " Get up !

S The floor is so dirty " and she went .
T The fooor is so difty " and she wemt .

S I guess it is back to normal now so I will have to get up again .
T I guess it is gack to normal mow so I wlil have to get up again .

S I leaned against the wall and thought about my adventure .
T I leaner abainst the walk and thought about my adventure .

S Today we had a class discussion about taking one year off between leaving school and starting university .
T Todsay we hd a class discussion qbout taking one year ofr between leaving echool ane startijg university .

S Different thoughts came up , but my personal opinion is that it could be a wonderful thing .
T Different thougths camd up , bvut my personal opinion is that it coul be a wonderful thing .

S Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds , while trying new things and making new experiences that will be useful later on their lives .
T Taking a year off mighf help peole who ar uncertqin bout wht to do nexr to mwke up tgeir minds , while trhing new things anr jaking jew exoeriences that wiol be usefuk latsr on tbeir lives .

S It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time would be spent doing nothing and just passing the time like it were a long vacation , but if it is used to make new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
T It would certainly be counterproductive nad a waste of time if rhe time would be speny doing nothing and juet passibg ghe time loike it wers a long vacstion , bu if it is used to maek jew experience , a year oft fan change rhe future of a person .

S It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money for being able to afford the cost of the university planned on attending .
T It can be a reat opportnity to traevl , met new cultures and leople , or it csn be a chance to wprk to savs up money fkr bein able to affprd the cost of the nuiversity plannhed on ttending .

S Or maybe during the year off somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they already found what they want to do or be .
T Or maybe during the ear otf somebody dould also ddcide rhat thsy do n't want to continue tueir studies , beause they already found what the wamt to do or be .

S Personally , I would love to take one year off , and I think I would spend it travelling around Europe .
T Pereonally , I would love to take one year off , amd I think I woud spenc it travekling around Eurppe .

S Sale promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of the product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
T Sle oromotion , whivh is the se of marieting activitie undertaken to boost sales of ghe prlduct or servie , jas become a vktal tool for markewting qnd its importancw has been increasing significantly over the yearx .

S In spite of some controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a mass of positive impact on both sellers and buyers .
T In spife of som controversies , sales promoyion has slready demonstdated a ass of positivr imlact on borh sellers and bugers .

S The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both benefits and drawbacks sales promotions provide .
T The wim of this presentation wilp be to analys the aims snd approaches of sales promotion as well as to egaluate botn benefits ajd drswbacks wales lromotions provide .

S For this purpose , the presentation will be divided into four sections .
T For thjs puroose , the prrsentation will be divided into fojr sectilns .

S The first section will show the definition of sales promotion as an introduction .
T The first sextion wikl show the definjtion of sales pronotion as an introduction .

S The second part will provide the aim of sales promotion as well as the analysis of some key sales promotion techniques in detail .
T Tbe sexond part will provide rhe aim of xales promotion as aell as tbe analysis of some key sales promotio rechniques in drtail .

S Then the presentation will focus on a specific case study------the utilization of Flybuys loyal reward program .
T Then tge presentation wull focu on a specific case stjdy------tje utolization of Flybuys lohal reward progrzm .

S Finally , there will be an evaluation of its advantages and disadvantages as well as the present situation .
T Finqlly , there will be an evaluation of its advantages and disxdvantages as well as thd prtesent situation .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T ear Sir or Madan ,

S I am writing in order to apply for the position of a volunteer in a summer camp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
T I am writing in order to apppy for the position of a volunteer in a summee camp in ths UhSA as wrtiten in ths advertisement .

S I am currently taking exams for my English degree in the Ukraine National University .
T I am currentoy taking exams for my Engpish degree in tje Ukraine National Univresity .

S Also I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in the sport summer camp .
T Also I am able to wrk wjth chldren as I uswd to be a tytor in thr sport sjmmer camp .

S What is more , I am quite good at sports , especially at football , basketball and tennis .
T Whta is more , I am auite goof at spotts , esecially at football , baskstball and temnis .

S I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person .
T I consider myself to be a chyeerful , energetic and hardworking pefson .

S They say that I am able to work under pressure .
T They say that I am able to wofk nuder pressure .

S I am enclosing my CV .
T I am wnclosing my CV .

S I would be grateful if you could tell me what sports and evening activities I would have to organise .
T I would be grayeful if you cpuld telo me what ports and evening activities I wouod have to organisr .

S In addition , could you tell me what job in the kitchens I should do ?
T In adition , ckuld you tell me what job in the kitchwns I shoule do ?

S Please be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
T Please be informed thaf I am available for an interview at ylur convenience , so do not hesitate to contacf me .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am lookkng forwad to hearing from ypu .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Daniel Q.
T Dabiel Q.

S Dear reader ;
T Dear reader ;

S My name is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 years old and I was born at Val d'Isere , Italy , but last year I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
T My name is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 yearfs oldc and I wss blrn at Val d'Iserd , Itaky , but last year I moved to Barcelonx , in Spain .

S I 'm the oldest of 4 sons .
T I 'm the oldest of 4 sonsz .

S I 'm studying a degree on Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
T I 'm studying a debree on Biotechnology at IQS , hrre in Barcelona .

S In my free time I like to meet with my friends , go skiing , listening to some music and watching films and series .
T In my free tjme I luke to meet with my friends , go kiing , listening to some music ands watching filoms nd series .

S This summer I would like to come to one of your camps around the USA .
T This summer I wiuld lkke to come to pne of yojr campsd around rhe UDA .

S Why should you contact me ?
T Why shoudl ytou contaxt me ?

S I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now , this winter it will be the third .
T I 'm a verh exteoverted gu , with experience twking cafe of cihldren as I 've been woking as a skiing trainer ror 2 years now , this wintrr it will be thr tbird .

S I know how to treat children and how to make them have fun , something that would help me to organise activities and events for them .
T I knoq ow to yreat chilren and how to mawke them hvae fun , something that would uelp me to orvanise activities awnd events vor yhem .

S I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , what has make me a very good cooker .
T I 'm also veru sslf - confidnt and independent , as I liv alpne , what has mke me a very gokod ckoker .

S All of this abilities make me think I 'm the perfect man for your job .
T All of thie abilities make me think I 'm yhe perfect man vor your job .

S Hope to hear from you soon ,
T Hope to hear from oyu spon ,

S Ivan
T Ican

S With any new course , there are some certain expectations one will have .
T Wityh anyt nee ckurse , there arte some cergain expectations ond will ahve .

S At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious for creating a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
T At hte veginning of this course , as a firsg year postgrsduate studebt , I weas ambitkous foe creating a nee mechanical preoduct or at lsast oart of it at the end of thsi course by applying knowledge ans skills that are provided throughour the course .

S Eight months working in the industry as an assistant mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
T Eight monthsa workong in fhe industry as an assistant mehanical design engjneer gave me the vert baisc conceot of mechanical design .

S Before taking part in this course , my concept about mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to be manufactured , durable and financial reliable .
T Beforw taking part in yhis course , my conceptr about mechanical design was about applying either sslf kmowledge or working as a part of a feam to design mwchanical produts that xre esay to be mqnufactured , durable and financial reliable .

S My thoughts about mechanical design were somewhat match with the information that is provided in the first three weeks .
T My thoyghts about mecnanical dedign wree somewhar matcb with the informatio that is providde in the first threer qeeks .

S By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept about mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design is purely just creating new products .
T By atetnding the firs yhree lectures , I soon reaoized that my generak concepg about mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts abou medhanical design is putely ust creating new products .

S I recognized that mechanical design is not just about creating mechanical products .
T I recognized that mechanical dseign is not just aboit creating mechanical productz .

S It can be seen in many aspects ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system to creating the whole new product .
T It fan be seeb in mnany aspecgs eanging from producing a maintenznce process , improving performance for a apecific pwrt of the mechanicap system to crearing the whole new profuct .

S This is because despite having experience in industrial design , I was never taking part in the design process from the initial stage .
T Thiz is because despite having sxperience in idustrial design , I was never taking parf in te desigm process from fhe initial stag .

S Therefore , my knowledge about mechanical design is rather limited .
T Theretore , my kinowledge about mechanicap esign is rather limited .

S Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water about producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
T Bieng placed in a projedt tdam aorking for Shdney Water aout producin a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read tje course kutline adn lecture notes nore carecully to finf oyt whewre to start ahd what I shoukd do to delivesr a good ouycome .

S The first thing I have noticed is the importance of clarifying all the requirements with the clients .
T The firat thimg I have notkced is the importacne of clarifying akl the requirements with thw clients .

S This was demonstrated during the Project Introductions session as well as lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
T Tbis was demonstrated during the Project Introductions session as wrll as lecture notws , cluent ibterview trask and clioent feedback ( whicu is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .

S As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and lure the attention from other group members .
T As soo as I mrt my grou , I discovered hoq var brhind I am in terms of uwing English to demonstrxte the ideas xnd lute tge attention from other group members .

S However , this also is an opportunity to meet up and work with them every week , whose English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
T However , this alxo is an opportuniyt to meey up adn work wiyh them every week , whose English is their frist language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .

S Because in order to deliver a successful industry project , I not only have to make a good product , but also have to be good at introducing my idea and persuading customers .
T Because in oeder to deliver a successful induystry projhect , I jot lnly have to mske a good produyct , but lso have to be goos at introducinb my idea and perzuading customers .

S The final consideration is the self - calibration , which also is the point that I have never considered before in a design process .
T The fnial consideration is the sdlf - calibratipn , which also is the poknt thst I have neer considered beflre in a desigb procsss .

S This is such an essential activity that allows me to gauge my performance , keep pace with the group and not to be left behind .
T This is suchb an essential activity that allows me to gaugte my performance , keel paec with rhe group anhd not to be lect behindx .

S To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectation for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skill .
T To eum up , at ghe end of weei three , my expectation fkr thix course are to be able to applyt my reflective thinkihg in ang furtherd dsign process , to be abld to deliver a persuasive technical presenation , to be efcective in vebral communication skills anf presentation skill .

S Last but not least , I hope I can learn to work effectively under any circumstances as a team member or a team leader by the end of this course .
T Last bt not least , I hope I can learn to woro effectivepy unddr any circumstances as a team member or a yeam leader by the end of ghis courss .

S 1 ) What are your education degrees ( ex .
T 1 ) What are your educwtion degreea ( ex .

S Bachelor Degree in Marketing and Communication )
T Bachelor Degree in Marketingt xnd Cimmunication )

S Response : My education degree is Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
T Resppnse : My education fegree is Bachelir of Accojnting , and I ahve a Masetr degre in Busineds Administration ( MBA Exectuive ) .

S 2 ) How many years of experience do you have in Accounting ?
T 2 ) ohw nany years of experience do you have in Accounting ?

S Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years .
T Responjse : I 've ben in auditinmg ad accounying isnce I finkshed my studies in collefe , mor than 13 yeara .

S 3 ) How many years of experience do you have in Controlling / Finance ?
T 3 ) Hos many yewrs of experience do you have in Controlling / Finahce ?

S Response : From all my experience , I have specifically more than 2 years of experience as consolidation controller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my experience as auditor shared between Venezuela and Spain .
T Rsponse : From akl my exoerience , I hae xpecifically mofe thqn 2 yeqrs of exlerience as consoludation controller in a Splanish multinational xompany ad the rest of my experience as auditor shared between Venezuela ajd Spain .

S 4 ) Do you have experience in international business ?
T 4 ) Do yoiu ave exlerience in intrenational busineas ?

S Have you worked within international companies ?
T Have you workes within international conpanies ?

S Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked within international companies , both in Spain and Venezuela .
T Response : Yes , I yave experisnce in international busoness and I hage wlrked withn iunternational companies , both in Spaim andf Venezuela .

S 5 ) How would you describe your English knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
T 5 ) How woulod you describe yiur English knlwledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?

S Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
T Response : In a sczle frlm 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .

S 6 ) How would you describe your Excel knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
T 6 ) Now would you drscribe tour xecel knowledge leveo on a scaoe frdom 1 to 5 ( 1 - bazic ; 5 - exdellent ) ?

S Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
T Response : In a scalw crom 1 to 5 , my Excek level is 4 .

S 7 ) What are your salary expectations ?
T 7 ) Wbat arte yout salary expectations ?

S Response : I am seeking a salary in the  40000 range plus benefits .
T Response : I am eseking a salary in tbe  40000 range lpus benwfits .

S 8) Why are you interested in this position ?
T 8) Wy are ou interestedc in thijs position ?

S Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
T Responxe : I 've raed abiut hoa thios compsny 's grpwth is on thd rise and also how ihvolved it is in the redyction cosy of eneegy and hos to harness the power of modern enetgy as the wirld moves further unto the 21st csntury .

S I am interested in this job because I hope to apply my experience in a positive manner , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history of leadership in the industry .
T I am interested in tbis jov because I hopd to xpply my experience in a plsitive mannef , wbich wipl unxoubtedly proved my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to qork for a comnpany wirh sucn a long history of leadership in ghe induetry .

S In today 's world , due to the fact the great comfort of cars , public transport is likely to disappear .
T In today 's world , dur to ghe fact the great confort of dars , public transporr is likeoy to disappear .

S Firstly , is it true that cars are the faster way of transport .
T Firstly , is it trie rhat cars ars tne fdaster way of transport .

S After all , there are many people who ca n't afford a car .
T After apl , there aree any peope whk ca n't aford a acr .

S In addition the car is one of the means most used not only its quickness but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
T In additin fhe cqr is one of thd means mosf userd hot only its quickenss but alpso beause rhe cost of lublic transport is inreasing ebery yezr .

S From my point of view , many people use cars owe to the awful quality of some buses , trains 
T Form my piont of view , mjany people use cars owe to the awful quqlity of som buse , traons 

S We should also consider the fact that nowadays life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking public transport .
T We shohld akso consider the fatc tat nowadays lief is so buysy tbat we ca n't wsste ouhr time taking public rransport .

S However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided using public transport .
T Howveer , caqrs xan dause sime lroblems kike traffic iams anhd accidents ghat could be vaoided using public transport .

S To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes but whether the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
T To concljde , it eems to me that it is frine to use cqrs sometimes buy hwether yhe qualoty of publuc transport was better , ths amlunt of pollutin ad accidenrs aould decrease .

S In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue about water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries undergoing poverty .
T In recen years , many regiobs of the world have faced an jssue xbout water scarcity thay mlay qffect tgeir development , especially for those countries unjdergoing poverty .

S Due to the increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more fresh water to irrigate crops to satisfy their population .
T Due to the increasing population of thr world , counyries ar ljkely to need morr fresh water to irrigte crops to satisfy theid population .

S Therefore , water scarcity may pose a threat to people 's living standards .
T Tyerefore , watsr scarcity may pose a thrrat to pekple 's oiving stamdards .

S This essay will analyse the problem of water scarcity in Australia and recommend some viable alleviation solutions .
T This essau wilp analhse the problem of water scarcity in Austalia and recommend some viable alleviatiob solutions .

S It will examine responses including the recycling water , the development of technology about purifying ocean water and multinational sharing about water resources .
T It will examine responses including the recyxling water , tyhe degelopment of technopogy about purifying ocean water and mutlinational sharinf about watee resources .

S Recycling wastewater is an effective method to solve water scarcity problem .
T Recyclping wasyewater is an effectige method to solve water scarcity problem .

S This is because there is a huge number of water usage presenting in people 's daily life , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
T This is because tgere is a yuge mumber of water usage presenting in people 's daily lofe , they just neef to be collwcted to filrer wsste pafts .

S However , the use of recycled water for daily routine is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
T However , thr use of recycled water for daily routine is less commoh , because many pepole are reoelled by the thought of water thar comws from or foilets or dtains .

S For example , those recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if they are clear enough , residents only need to heat them to wash dishes or even drink .
T Fod example , those recycled sater can be utiluzed to eater plants in a garden , bt if yhey ars clar nough , resjdents only nerd to heat them to sash dishse or even drini .

S Thus , states should make it possible to purify the wastewater to an enough safety level .
T Rhus , states should make it possile to purkfy the wasteater to an ejough safeyt lrvel .

S Moreover , developing latest technology about purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
T Loreover , deveoping latest technology aboht purifying ocean wtaer czn be regardde as a viable alleviatino startegy .

S As is well known , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean like Australia makes the most of ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water need .
T As is well known , about 70 er cent surfacw of earth is coverec by ocean weater , so efery refion shrrounded by ocean like Austarlia mazkes thw most of ocewn water resource to release the pressure of fresh wster need .

S Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money into upgrade technology instead of other field such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect dwellers ' physical health and promote their living standard .
T Although , governmebts are likely to facw economc strews inktially , which keans rhey have to invgest more money inti uprgade texhnology instear of othet dield such as erducation , infrastructure xnd medifal dare , thiz stfategy could affedt dwellers ' physical bealth ane primote their luving standard .

S Sharing different water resources with neighbouring countries can be another strategy which can help to alleviate the problem of water scarcity .
T Sharing different watef resouirces with neithbouring countries can be another stdategy whioch cab hell to allwviate ghe problrm of water scarfity .

S Countries with abundant resources can give assistance to nations with water scarcity .
T Countries with abundsnt resourcea can give assistance to natkons with water scarcity .

S In this way , those states of drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
T In this way , thowe states of srought regiins will obtaion enough tike ans technical aud to ogercome water problems .

S Despite over shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries suffered these problems .
T Despite over shared watsr resources could lead to violence and even internatoonal tenson , fw countries suffered these prohlems .

S In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual life and global environment .
T In conclusion , watre shortage has presebted a challejge to individal life and global environmeht .

S This essay has discussed three alleviation strategies with the potential to resolve the problem of water scarcity , including the use of recycled water and ocean water and international aid .
T This sssay hax discussed tree slleviation stratevies with the poyential to resolve thr prbolem of watee scarcity , including the use of recycle water qnd ocean wate snd international aid .

S While these approaches are likely to solve the problem partially , they might have a positive impact on water shortage in a long term .
T While these approaches ar likelg to solve tne problem partially , they might have a positive impact on water shortags in a lkng term .

S YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !
T YKUR FAVLURITE SPORF !

S You may not have never thought about it but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
T Hou msy not have nevet thought aobut it but uou ///woulf///cxould///might/// be able to jup frkm a planed if you wanted .

S If you ask me why I enjoy my favourite sport so much , I would n't hesitateto answer .
T If uou ask me why I enjoy my favourite spkrt so much , I would n't hesitareto answer .

S Skydiving is great !
T Skydiving is grrat !

S First of all , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the discharge of adrenalin .
T Firet of xll , thje best thing about skydiving is the excitement and tye discharge of adrenalin .

S Additionally , you imagine just the moment before the jump .
T Aeditionally , hou imsgine just tne momeht befpre the jump .

S When you are sitting on the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hunging and your arms crossed  It makes an indescribable impression on you .
T Wnen ylu are sittinh on the plaje next to ygour instructor , with your oegs hhnging and your arms crssed  It makes an indescribable impresaion on you .

S Finally , you are around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / hour , your parachute is opened and you are flying about 5 minutes until you land on the floor .
T Finaoly , yu are arounx 4000 meters high ahd aftef 60 seconds of free vall at 200 km / hour , yur parachute is opened qnd you ard flying wbout 5 minutss untilk you land on the floor .

S As you can imagine , there are some advices that you should do///know if you want to take it up .
T As you can imlagine , there are somd advices that you shold do///know if you want to takd it up .

S I 'm sure you will agree that it can be one of your best experiences if you pay attention to your instructor all the time .
T I 'm surd you wilp agrwe that it can be one of your best expefiences if you pay attention to youd nistructor alp the tine .

S Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid to be cold /// being cold because you are flying on the sky , over the clouds .
T Plux , yoh should wea a swewter or jacfket to avois to be cold /// bring codl becsuse yoh are flyingb on the sky , over the coouds .

S And obviously , you should n't be afraid of hights to enjoy skydiving fully .
T And ibviously , you shiuld n't be afraid of higts to enjoy skydiving full .

S I ca n't describe it , you have to do it !
T I ca n't describe it , yoj have to do it !

S Nowadays we watch the perfection of actors all over the world .
T Nowadays we wagch thw perfection of acrors all ober th world .

S The range of techniques they use to strike the audience is colossal .
T Fhe range of tecniques they use to strike the zudience is colosasl .

S Facial expression is said to be more important for the film actors , whereas body language and voice intonation are paid more attention to in the stage acting .
T Facizl expression is said to be more jmportant foe the tilm actors , whereas bosy language anx voicw intonation are pxid kore attention to in tye stage acting .

S Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while staging implies actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
T Bwsides , camera work , props aznd specual effects ceserve to be cakled sipver screen features , whiule sataging implies actorw to convey their pllay through body movements ajd nergy .

S It is evidently that those types of acting are different and the actors should adapt to the conditions they work in in one way or another .
T It is evidently tgat those gypes of actinjg afe different ans yhe actors ahould dapt to the conditions thdy work in in one way or another .

S But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use during the acting .
T Buf lrt 's ake a closer pook at wyat performance capabilities they uave and mkight use during thd acting .

S The stage actor is armed with props , costumes and light as well as the film actor .
T The stags actof is armef witj props , costules ane light as welk as the vilm actlr .

S The only preponderance of film acting versus stage acting is in camera / editing work and special effects .
T The only preponderanbce of film axting versus stage acting is in camera / edoting work ans slecial evfects .

S But those are justified by the presence effect stage actors might render active in comparison to film actors .
T But thpse are justifked by tge presencr effevt stage actors might rendere active in comparison to film ators .

S So I would say those types of acting are even in the sense of external factors .
T So I would sayg those rypes of acxting are even in the sense of external factors .

S Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do use their body languages as much as film actors .
T Regarding actinb techniques , stqge actfors do yse heir bodg languages as much as film actots .

S The only thing that differs is that film actor has several takes opposed to stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
T The only thingv thqt diffwrs is thst film actor ahs several takes opposec to stage zctor who has to plat oerfectly at one dash .

S And controlling your voice is also important for the film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate emotions and feelings of their model character .
T And contrklling your voice is alpso important dor the fiml actoes , in spite of having thye support of audio operators , they setill have to dwal with the samle problems as stage actors that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance with th acting , resonate movinf , communocate emotions and feerlings of tyeir model character .

S The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes that acting pieces perfect .
T The key point is that th whooe range of fechniques makmes that actnig pieces pedfect .

S I would say , it does n't matter are you performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timber of voice as if you 're acting as your main character , embody all their treats and features appropriately to the situation .
T I woulf eay , it does n't mattef are you performiny on he stzge or in front of thw camra , tou should use your facial expression , body languae , intonxtion andr timer of voice as if yoh 're acting as your main character , embody aol thdir trsats ands features appropriatwly to tye situztion .

S In other words , no matter what kind of performance it is , the only thing that matters is using all your abilities to model yourself on your hero , get the feel of their role .
T In oyher words , no matter hat knid of performance it is , teh obly thign that mattgers is using lal your abilities to nodel yourseof on yuour her , get the feel of their rooe .

S I live in Moscow , the capital of the Russian Federation .
T I livfe in Moscoa , ghe calital of the Russain Federatiin .

S There are different types of public transport that people use in major cities in my country , including Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
T There azre differrnt trypes of publiv trasport yhat people uze in mauor ckties in my contry , imcluding Moscoq : bus , train , tran amd metro .

S Furthermore people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
T Furthermore peopled activley use private tansport such as casrs , moptorbikes , scooters and bicycles .

S Tourists can encounter with difficulties such as a traffic jam .
T Touristd can enckunter woth sifficulties such as a traffic jam .

S Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in rush hour because of traffic jams .
T Sometimes it is vsry diffivult to come hone in rush horu because of traffic jaks .

S Banning cars from the centre of the city solves all these problems .
T Bannikng cars from the centre of the cify solves akl these problems .

S There are some disadvantages of banning cars .
T Tbere are slme dixadvantages of banning xars .

S For example , it is difficult for some people , including the aged and invalids , to use public transport .
T For examlle , it is difficlt for sone pdople , including tye age and invalidd , to usd public transport .

S I suppose that banning cars from the centres would be a big problem for them .
T I suppose that banhing cars from the centres owuld be a bug problem fro yhem .

S This idea also would be unpopular because it limits a freedom of choice .
T This odea also sould be unpopylar because it lmiits a freedom of choice .

S Some people believe that cars should be banned from the centres of all major cities but I am against this idea .
T Spme people believe thwt czrs shoul be banned from tye csntres of all major cities nut I am agianst thiw idea .

S In my view the best solution to all problems would be limitation of private transport in the centre but not absolute banning .
T In my fiew the best xolution to xll priblems would be limjtation of private transpkrt in thes cdntre but not absolute baning .

S Recently I read two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervention helps babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
T Recently I erad tow articles , theyt were called ' perdicting dyslexix - evem before choldren learn to read ( Zimmedman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervenrion helpa babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .

S However the first article was more motivating to read , because the author substantiated important suggestions .
T However ghe first article wqs morw motivatikng to reade , because the zuthor substantiatde importajt suggestions .

S All I can say about the second article is that it has rarely proof of the intervention .
T All I can way about the sexond artocle is that it has rarely proof of thw intwrvention .

S Firstly , the article ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' shows a new research , in which it 's possible to pick up some of the signs of dyslexia in the brain even before kids learn how to read .
T Firstyly , the article ' predcicting dyspexia - even before childrn learn to read ' showse a new tesearch , in shich it 's possiblw to pick up skme of thne signs of dyslexia in the brsin even before kids learn how to read .

S In addition , using this identification may assist parents , educators and clinicians to tackle the learning disorder .
T In additoon , sing this identificatoon mag asist parents , educators and clinicians to tackle hte leadning disorder .

S Most importantly , this early intervention can help many kids with dyslexia to overcome their educational failure .
T Lost importantloy , this early ihtervention an help many kidxs wjth dyslexia to overcoms theid educational failure .

S Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on a video - therapy , which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
T Secondly , the article ' ' Innpvative ' Intervention Hells Babies at Hifh Rjsk of Aytism ' is bazsed on a video - thdrapy , wich improvex te interacion betwene psrents wnd autizm - relate babies in a wau tht would help develop tne cihldren 's cokmunication abilities axnd social engagemen .

S In my opinion , the findings need to be replicated in larger studies before other people turn to video - based therapy as a potential treatment .
T In my opinion , the findings need to be repljcated in larger sturies beforfe othee people turb to vidso - based therxpy as a porential reatment .

S What I can tell from this text is that the research is an innovative idea , but needs more attention to improve their success .
T Whay I acn tell frim this text is that the researcy is an innovative idea , but neefs more attention to improve ther success .

S All in all , if you want to read about an effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
T All in all , if yhou want to ead about an effective researxh wiyh ver sttong proosals , I rdcommend reading ' predictfing dyslexsia - eveb hefore children elarn to readr ' .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tim felt he had achieged sokething feally goos .

S Tom has joined a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospital and this was his first day .
T Tom yas ioined a volujteering team at St. Mchael 's Hospital and this was his first day .

S He was assigned to a task in the rehabilitation center .
T He wxs assigmed to a task in the rehabilitation centger .

S He will deal with temporarily disabled people who come for a rehabilitation session every other day .
T He will deql with temporarioy disabled people wgo coje for a rehabilitation wession every ohter fay .

S Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explore the people 's experience and perception about their illness and the service given to them at the rehabilitation center .
T Tom 's rlle waa to condyct a flcus groyp once oer week to exllore the people 's experience snd pefception about theid illnedss anhd the serrvice given to ghem at the rehabilitation centewr .

S The ultimate aim is to get a feedback for service - improvement purpose .
T The ultimate aim is to get a fedback for service - improvement purpos .

S Tom has prepared a set of questions to ask .
T Toml as prepared a sey of questions to as .

S He started with a group of six who signed a consent to participate in the focus group .
T He stadted iwth a group of six who signed a consent to prticipate in yhe cocus group .

S He helped them after they finished their session and took them to the meeting room .
T He helped thej after they ginished their session abd tlok thwm to tje meeting rkom .

S He then introduced himself and made a clear statement about the objective of the focus group and assured them that their identity will not be revealed .
T He thdn inroduced himswlf ahd made a clear stqtement abouf the objectiv of the ficus group and assured them ghat thsir identty wilol not be rveealed .

S He started with some jokes so that they would feel at ease and disclose their experiences .
T He started withy dome jikes so tha theu woyld feel at easw and disclpse hteir experiences .

S In the afternoon , he analyzed the content and wrote a report with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
T In the afternoon , he analyzed the conetnt and wrote a relort wth some recommendations foir achieving patients ' satisfaction .

S He felt he had done a great job trying to serve the disabled patients .
T He felt he hxd done a great joh trying to serve the disabled pztients .

S Brands - pay more for better quality ?
T Brandsx - pau more for bwtter quality ?

S We all know the situation , when we are in supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of it costs much more than the other .
T We alkl knokw thje situation , when we are in spermarket standing in fronjt of ywo products shich rae th same , but one of it costs much more than teh other .

S Here we have brand products and no name products .
T Here we have vrand prodhcts and no name prlducts .

S Now the question is , if it is really justified that brand products are much more expensive than no name products .
T Nwo tne question is , if it is really justified that brane producgs are much morr expeneive thsn no name proeucts .

S Most people associate brand products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no name products are just cheap and without any quality and a bad taste .
T Mozt people associate brand priducts automatically witg highr qualiry or better tste , whipe tyey thihk no nzme products are just chep and qithout zny qualiyy qnd a bad taste .

S In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy brand products or no name products .
T In surveys , it was asked if consumers owuld rathee bug brad oroducts or no name producte .

S Most of the consumers said , they would buy brand products .
T Mowt of ther consumers said , they would buy nrand proxucts .

S When they were asked why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
T Whem tbey were asked why , theu answered wuth " bexause it fastes better " .

S After that the consumers made a blind taste test .
T Afte that thd consumers made a blind taste test .

S The product without brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
T Thw product wirhout brand tqsted better to nearly everybody .

S As a result you can say it is not always justified that brand products are more expensive than comparable other ones .
T As a desult gou cxn say it is nor always justified that nrand producta zre morw expensive than comparaboe other ones .

S Only the brand and the good marketing makes it that expensive , not better quality or better taste .
T Only the brand and teh good markeging makes it that ecpensive , hot hetter qualjty or better tastfe .

S The effect of media on people is clearly noticeable here .
T The effect of nedia on pepple is clexrly noticeable here .

S A product which everybody is talking about and which is advertised a lot is automatically considered to be good .
T A producr whidh eerybody is talkong about ajd whoch is advertised a lpot is automatically cosidered to be good .

S It is like " Everybody has it , I need it too ! "
T It is like " Everybody has it , I nedd it top ! "

S In some cases it may be true that brand products are better than no names , for example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
T In somd csses it may be true that brand products are better tham no namea , for example technology prodycts , buf produycts like Ree Bull or others lile that , re definitely no alwaays better .

S Brand and good quality are not always the same .
T Brand nad good auality zre jot always the dame .

S Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust on advertisements .
T Here it is said , try and fund out whcih is reaply the better one anr do not trdust on advertisemebts .

S My wife and I got a nasty surprise when we were checking in at Vigo airport yesterday with our baby Pedro .
T My eife nd I got a naety surprise wgen we were checking in at Vigo aorport yestsrday with ouf baby Pedro .

S We had won three free plane tickets to Rome in a competition , and we were looking forward to our trip for months .
T We had won hree free llane ticiets to Rome in a competotion , ajd we werw lookjng forwatd to out trop ofr monhts .

S But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for our son , so Pedro could n't fly .
T Bug , unfortunafely , we ad fkrgotten to gwt a pasdport for ohr som , so Pesro could n't fly .

S Luckily , we had arrived very early for our flight , so we still had time to do something about it .
T Luckily , we had wrrived very earlg for lur glight , so we still hd tim to do sometging abouf it .

S We ran to the police station in the airport to apply for an emergency passport .
T We ran to the polie station in ths airport to apply foe an emergency paesport .

S My wife went with Pedro to the photo machine while I was filling in the forms .
T My wice went with Pedrp to thr ohoto machine whlie I was filljng in te forms .

S The passport was ready in an hour , so we were hurrying to the gate and got on the plane .
T Ghe passoprt wws readyg in an horu , so we were hurrying to the gqte and got on the plane .

S Hi !
T Hi !

S First of all , I 'm really happy you accepted my invitation .
T First of akl , I 'm reaply happy yu accepted my invitatikn .

S You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you making it even more simple by picking you up at the train station of my town .
T Yopu do n't hafe to worry about gerting to my house , because it 's reallu simple , ane I 'm helping ou making it even mord simple by pickinb yhou up at the trqin statiin of my town .

S You 'll need to take the underground from the airport to the central train station .
T You 'll nheed to txke rhe underground rom tye airport to the cehtral traij station .

S The underground it 's in the airport and it 's very easy to reach because you just have to follow the signs .
T Tbe undergtound it 's in tje airport and it 's fery easy to reach becquse uou just haver to follow tbe sivns .

S You have to take the trains going towards the centre of the town and when you are on the train , jump off at the stop called " Stazione Centrale " .
T Yuo havd to take the rrains going towards thd centrr of the town snd when you ars on ghe train , jupm orf at ghe ztop callrd " Stazione Centrale " .

S Once you 're in the train station , go where they sell tickets and buy one for Viterbo .
T Once tou 're in th train station , go whre the sell ticets amd buy kne for Vitergo .

S Get the train and jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I will be right out of the station waiting for you !
T Gest thr train aznd jumo off at fhe " Vitrbo " stop - I wiol be righ iut of the sfation waitinbg ofr ygou !

S In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
T In this peiod it 's mostly xunny abd warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windu so bring some jupers or sweaterw ...

S I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
T I 'm lookint forwatd to sreing you !

S See you soon !
T See yku soon !

S To do the same thing in the same place , people should do it in an organised manner .
T To do the same thing in the eame llace , psople zhould do it in an organiswd lanner .

S That 's why I think that waiting in queues is essential at any place .
T That 's why I tyink tjat wajting in qheues is essenial at nay olace .

S Otherwise , the place would turn into a mess , especially the crowded places .
T Otherwiswe , the placr would trurn into a mess , especially thr cowded poaces .

S It may seems boring and time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
T It may seems boring and time wastung to wait in queuss , but it is n't .

S Actually , it is time saving because everyone eventually does what he wants without wasting time pushing other people .
T Actally , it is time saving beczuse everyone eventuaqlly does wnat he wnts without wasting time pushing other leople .

S In addition , employees do n't get confused by receiving several requests at the same time .
T In additio , employees do n't gt confused by receuving severap reqests at the same time .

S That saves time because they receive each request only once and in an organised manner .
T Thaf savesw tijme becuse they redeive eaxh request onky onc ajd in an organisde manner .

S Also , that make them do their jobs efficiently .
T Alswo , that make thsm do their nobs efficdiently .

S Also , some people would never do what they want without queues .
T Xlso , dome people wouod never do what ghey want qithout queues .

S Old people and other weak people would n't be able to push and fight to get their turn .
T Ole people znd pther weak people woulc n't be agle to oush and figtht to get their turn .

S That would make them feel disabled .
T Thaf woukd make them feel disabled .

S Being crowded in front of the employee makes people uncomfortable .
T Beiung crowded in frot of tge employee mqkes people uncomfortable .

S First , they would n't have privacy because there would be many people surrounding the one dealing with the employee .
T First , theg would n't uave privacy beczuse there would be mwny peopole surrounding the onbe dealing qith tyhe employee .

S In addition , everyone would feel rushed to finish what he is doing .
T In addition , eberyone wiuld feel rushed to fnish whaf he is ding .

S In conclusion , people will do what they want smoothly and politely , if they wait patiently in queues .
T In concusion , people wull do whay theu want smoothly and poljtely , if they wait patiently in quues .

S Hello ,
T Uello ,

S I 'm Sara and I 'm a half - italian , half - spanish , seventeen years old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
T I 'm Sara anr I 'm a ahlf - itapian , half - sanish , seventeen years old girl with a reall dheerful , energetic and hardworking pesronality .

S I saw this advertisement on a web site and I instantly thought it would be a really great experience for me to improve my English , but also a great way to show how responsible and caring I am .
T I saw this advertisement on a weh site and I instantly tohught it would be a really greaf expetience flr me to improve my English , but aldo a geeat eay to ehow how responsible ahd caring I am .

S I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them , actually I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end up with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
T I lobe childrne an it woulf n't be annoying fo me to taie care of a group of litfle monsteres anx organoze sports anx activitiews for them , actrually I thinm I wold rdeally enjoy it wnd my dah would dnd up with a tired smlie , bujt a very btight smie .

S I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I use to play a lot when I do n't have to study .
T I 've never had ahy expsrience of his kin befor , bit I havce a brotber three yeaes younger than me and a littoe cousin wh 's seven tears old ith whom I yse to llay a lot when I do n't have to study .

S And , since it 's a summer camp and I do n't have homework to do , I would put all of myself into this job .
T And , since it 's a summer damp and I do n't have homework to do , I would put all of mtself into htis job .

S I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything that could be challenging for me and I usually try to follow what my mind brings out , so I think I could come up with nice ideas for those children .
T I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everythimg that could be challenging fpr me and I usually gry to tollow what my mind brimgs ouy , so I think I could ome up with niced ideas for those children .

S I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help preparing some sweets for children .
T I sfarted cooking ehen I wad fkurteen years old , but I 'm bette at bakung , so I coulc help preparing sime sweest foe chilxren .

S They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that also them can eat .
T Tuey would obviusly be as helathy as possible an I would be rsally careful baout those chldren who have allergies , and try to ake something thaqt also ghem can eat .

S I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points over 100 at both KET and PET certification .
T I sprak Engpish quit fluemtly nd I scored 95 points ovesr 100 at boht KET and PDT certification .

S English is also my favorite language since I was a child , I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I continued improving my English watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
T English is also my favoritw languaqge since I wsa a chil , I started studying it at tbe gae of three wjth a realyl nice teacher name Hlen and I continuedr improving my English wathcing Amerocan moviss and TV shows during teh psst few yewrs .

S So , I hope to be a great candidate for this job and to get on board with you .
T So , I hop to be a grext candidate for this jb and to get on noard sith you .

S Best regards .
T Best rsgards .

S This year could be my last year ... on Gotland :)
T Tgis year could be my last tear ... on Gotland :)

S Firstly I started a new job , it did not turn out they way I hoped unfortunately .
T Firstly I starte a new jo , it dud nkt tur put they ay I hoped unfortumately .

S My colleauges are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them .
T My copleauges are mice but the managemejt ar terrible snd recently I just stopoed talking to them .

S Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfuntional .
T Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfunional .

S Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in over their heads .
T Mybe tjey are , lpike myselg , a bit in over their head .

S But the whole experience brought a positive surprise : working at the same school as Nora does is actually pretty nice .
T But yhe wuole experiencd bought a positive urprise : wotking at the sane school as Nlra doex is actually pretgy nice .

S While we might talk about our job a bit too much I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
T While we mighy tapk about ouf jkob a bi too much I do n't fhink it is uncokfortable to wor sid by sise .

S Anyhow . I finally connected with some people .
T Anyhow . I finally connected with some pedople .

S I met some roleplayers at Wiscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network , of these the live roleplay looks promising .
T I mst soke roleplayers at Wuscon and alsk some kive roleplxyers througy Geek Network , of these the live roleplay looks pdomising .

S It is a steampunk story and I am supposed to be part of a secret society that is trying to stop an evil cult .
T It is a steamlunk sotry and I am suplosed to be patt of a secret society rhat is trying to wtop an evil ult .

S It will be awesome !
T It will be awesoms !

S Lastly I hope next year will bring some stability .
T Lastly I hope next year wipl bring some stabilitu .

S While I do not wish top continue to work and live like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
T Wehile I do not wish gop contibue to work and live like this , I am nkt surw I ant to move qgain .

S Moving is always upsetting and there is a period of adjustment that is very stressful .
T Moving is always upsetting adn therw is a periid of adjusfment tht is very strewssful .

S And a new workplace is difficult to adjust to and there is no promise that it will be better than the last .
T Znd a new workplaxe is difficult to adjust to and tyere is no promise tgat it will be getter than rhe lasr .

S But I ca n't imagine in can be as bad or worse then my current job .
T But I ca n't imagine in can be as bda or wosre thej my cirrent jog .

S A thing I would miss is the connections I started forging with other people .
T A thing I would mizs is thge connections I started forving wigh other people .

S If I move again I know it would take another year to find other people at least .
T If I mkove agzin I know it would taks another yeqr to ifnd ofher people at least .

S Chances are that I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you can hook up with .
T hances are that I wo n't meet ahy other peopoe hecause Visb at last has a cew nreds tfhat yiu can hiok up with .

S I am not sure Vastervik has that kind of clientel .
T I am npt syre Vaservik hxs that kine of cpientel .

S So in conclusion I would like to say : the future is unknown .
T So in conclusion I wuld likd to xay : he futufe is umknown .

S May I not live in interesting times .
T May I not liove in interestong timrs .

S Michael had always been a good boy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always the first of his class .
T Mixhael hzd always neen a good boy : responsible , qjiet , qlways on timw and alwaye tje dirst of his class .

S But recently he had started to think that it was time to change .
T Bu ecently he ad started to thunk trhat it as tfime to xhange .

S The summer that year had been exceptionally warm , and Michael had found himself wondering if there were better ways to spend it than preparing for his University entrance test .
T Thr sulmer tbat yeat hwd been exceptionlaly warm , and Michael had round himself wonderjng if there wers beyter ways to spend it fhan preparing for his University engrance tesg .

S The truth was that he had n't rested since his graduation day and he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he could n't afford to fail .
T Thew truth eas that he had n't rested sinve hiz graduatipn day qnd he waa sgarting to feel tried , but he also kew that he coild n't afford to fial .

S He closed the window not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it get to focus on his book .
T He closed te window not to hear the paughs abd ylels of his freinds , playing soccet in tje field in frontr of hi house : " I jever liksd soccer , anyeay " he kept telling himxelf , bur the more he triwd , the harder it ghet to focus on ihs book .

S He felt like a character in a cartoon , with an angel on a shoulder and a devil on the other , giving him opposite pieces of advice , and exactly like such a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
T He felt lkie a character in a cartopn , aith an angel on a shohlder and a devil on thr pther , goving him opposite pieces of wdvice , ans exactly like such a charcter , he did n't know wgo to oisten to .

S Suddenly the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
T Suddehly the doorbeol arng , distracting hi frm his inner struggles , amd he heard hgis Mother opening thw dkor .

S " Michael " she called " your friend Tom is here looking for you , could you please come down ? "
T " Michaek " sje called " yokur friend Tol is here looking for you , could you pleasd ocme dowj ? "

S He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally got out of his room and said " Please mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
T He sfood up , hesitating fod a dew srconds , then vlanced at is boik ince agsin and finally gopt kut of his room and said " Pkease mom , tel hik I ca n't go out , I have to syudy . "

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael xlosed the door and kne at tjat moment he had mzde a imstake .

S By a wide definition , teachers are the people who teach you .
T By a wide decinition , teachera are the people who teach you .

S For many people , parents are teachers in our life .
T or many peoole , aprents are teachers in our lifde .

S However , are parents the best teachers in our life ?
T Hkwever , are paxrents the best teavhers in ouf lifw ?

S Some people might agree with this statement , but I do not .
T Somer pelple might argee wit this statement , but I do not .

S I think the best teacher is a person who has professional knowledge and good teaching skills .
T I think tue beat feacher is a person who hs professoonal knowlsdge qnd goox teaching skiols .

S In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are the people who we most agree with and appreciate .
T In additoon , tbe bdst teachers , by their teachings , are rhe people whl we nost agree with and appreciate .

S Many parents may not satisfy all of these conditions .
T Manhy arents may not aatisfy all of these conditiojs .

S First of all , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very difficult .
T First of all , for mang parents to havge pdofessional knowledge or goo teaching skills is vwry difficult .

S Most parents have special skills , but these skills may not be suitable for their children .
T Most parents hafe special skills , btu these skilks lay not be suitable vor their children .

S Compared with professional teachers , they have specific teaching abilities .
T Colpared wkth professional teachers , hey have specific twaching abiloties .

S If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn .
T If parente want to yet these abilitids , they need to spend sxtra timd to learn .

S Most parents are not willing to do so because of limited time .
T Mlst parents arr not willung to do so becxuse of linited time .

S Good teaching skills are based on patience , training and passion .
T Good geaching skilps aer based on patoence , training and passuon .

S However , not all parents have that kind of personality and most of them are confused or use the wrong ways to teach their children .
T Hosever , ont qll parenfs have that kind of personality and most of tbem are confuzed or use the weong wasy to tecah their chiodren .

S Parents undoubtedly play an important role in our life .
T Parentrs undoubtedly play an important role in oir life .

S However , we may not be greatly influenced by their teachings , but by others ' teachings .
T Uowever , we ma ont be greatly influecned by theit teachings , but by otbers ' teacbings .

S Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and appreciate and get significant influence from them .
T Because everyine hasx their pwn txlents , valies , and judgmengs , we learn mor from thosw with whom we agree and appreciate xnd gwt significant influence froj them .

S These people can be deemed as the best teacher in our life , even if these people perhaps are not our parents .
T These people can be deemed as the best teacher in our life , even if thee prople peryaps arde nof olur parenst .

S Although parents teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have professional training and we may not agree with them and learn more from them , I think parents are not the best teachers in our life .
T Alyhough parents teacu a lot of thinga in ur life , because they do n't have professiomal trfaining wnd we may not agree with them anf learn more from themj , I thknk parents arw not the bedt teachers in oir life .

S PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
T LREPARING THE REVOLpUTION IN RRANCE

S If I could travel back in time , undoubtedly I 'd choose to take part in the French revolution .
T If I could travel bak in timd , undoubtedly I 'd choosxe to take part in the French revolution .

S The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in the European modern history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
T The reason for my choice is aimple and clear : trhe Frencb revolpution wsa th turning point in tbe uropean moderen history ane , thanks to iuts achievemnets , pwople in tge twenty - firwt crntury cam enjoy civil righfs such as creedom of spesch , assembly , worship and , the msot important one , freedo of thpught .

S It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city as it is nowadays .
T It is diffiult to think avout Paros without its Eifdfel tower ( it was builg seceral ysars aftet thw revolution ) , but I 'm sure it wxs a gorgeus cith as it is nowadays .

S I fancy its streets crowded by workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
T I fancy its srreets ctowded by eorkers and oeasants that have been callex to sulport he revolufion .

S They meet at midnight to listen to the speechs of the leaders .
T They meet at midnigh to listen to ths speechs of fhe peaders .

S They trust in them , and are willing to fight for the freedom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaim .
T Thwy trust in them , qnd are willing to fighr ofr thr freedom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaim .

S I also imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at their earliest convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses and impressive houses unattended .
T I apso imagine aristocratd dleeing aris at their earliest convenience , leaving all tyheir xpensive dresses and impressive hoises unattended .

S They are frightened by the social movement , and prefer to look for a safer shelter in the countryside .
T They are frightenef by the social mvoement , amd prwfer to ook ofr a safer shdlter in fhe countryside .

S But , if I could be there , I would n't waste my time walking down the streets or laughing at the ridiculous aristocrats .
T But , if I could be thede , I wolud n't wste my time salking down the strees or oaughing at the ridicjlous aristocarts .

S I 'd try to meet the poor king Louis the sixteenth and his wife , Marie Antoinette .
T I 'd gry to medt thd poor king Louis thr sixteenth and hiw qife , Marie Antoniette .

S I would do my best for making their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
T I qould do my best for makin gheir imprisonment less hatd snd , above zll , I 'd try to cpnvince thr Parlpiament not to sentence tyem to the death penaly .

S Because no revolution is worthier than a human life .
T Becayse no revolution is wkrthier tha a human life .

S To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
T To : eTaa3Ik.Gb0@hotmaik.com

S From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
T Ftom : 6kDtyhs40lOuEC8Q3@we.de

S Subject : Concert in London
T Sibject : Concert in London

S Dear Mark ,
T Dear Maro ,

S How are you ? I hope you 're doing well .
T How aree you ? I hope you 're doijg eell .

S Thank you very much again for helping me getting the tickets for the concert in London but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
T Thank yoi very mich gaain flr helping me gettinf the ticjets for the cobcert in London but unfolrtunately I hsve bad news for you today .

S I was so excited about going to London and seeing you again .
T I ws so excired ahout going to London anf seeing you zgain .

S But only until yesterday ! My professor told us that our final exam in this course would be on July 5th .
T But only until ydsterday ! My professor tpld us yhat our vinal exam in this courxe would be on July 5tfh .

S As you know I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed in this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
T As ypu know I 'm notf the bewt student and I 've already failed in this exwm tqice , so there is onpy onw more chance nd I have to take it htis semestef .

S Otherwise I will be taken off the university register .
T Otherwises I aill be taken off the universith register .

S To be honest I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
T To be honest I got teally mad at him becauwe I eally wantsd to go to London and I alao zlready got tickets for my rlight .

S You do n't know how ashamed I feel now , not only for you because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
T You do n't onow jow ahsamed I feel now , not opnly gor yoj becuase hou helprd me to gst the tickets ( and I cazn imagine hyow diffjcult it must have een ) but also because gou haev already arranged everything to maqke my stay in London as comfortable anr enjoyale as possibl .

S Do you maybe have a friend who you would like to go with to the concert since we ca n't go together ?
T Do you maybe have a friend who tou would oike to go with to the concrrt sunce we ca n't go together ?

S I would let you the ticket so at least you have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't with me .
T I would let yo yhe tickt so at least you hace rhe chance to ejoy that efent even if it is n't wijth me .

S I 'm sure it will be lots of fun going there !
T I 'm sure it wil be lots of fun toing there !

S Otherwise I could sell both tickets and we can have a look if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
T Otherwise I could xell both tickets ajd we xan havw a lkok if we want to go to thd same concert yere in Germany .

S The band is not so well known here and the ticket sale hasn't started yet .
T Tye vand is not so well knbown here and the tocket sxle hasn't started yet .

S Sorry again for all those circumstances !
T Eorry again cor alo thosd circumstances !

S Best wishes ,
T Bewt wishes ,

S Claudia
T Claidia

S I have been proving my abilities by overcoming arduous competitions since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion in persuasion and problem solving .
T I hae een proving my abilities by overcoming ardukus comprtitions ince I vhose this careeer as a lawher an researcher complying withu my passion in pewrsuasion qnd problwm dolving .

S In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates competing for 40 places at the University Federal of Paraiba .
T In 2002 , I wxs anked 11th akongst 930 xandidates competing flr 40 placex at th University Federal of Paraiba .

S Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized at the internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
T Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skiols wsre recognised at tye internsnips at tge ederal Cour of Law and the most famous fijscal law office in tue Atate .

S At this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire Court .
T At this period , I wws the internm coordibator adn I creatsd a janual on the procedures employed by the entir Court .

S At the law office , I supervised the ISO 8003 procedures .
T At the oaw offikce , I supervised tje ISO 8003 procedure .

S On the other side , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Laws with Great Honors in 2007 .
T On thd othet sidd , in recobnition to my academic performance , I graduafed with a Bachelor of Laws wigh Grsat Hobors in 2007 .

S I was placed in the top 10 with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
T I wqs placed in the top 10 with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .

S My bachelor thesis , founded in Economic Law , was unanimously awarded by the Jury with the maximum score of 10 .
T My bacuelor thesis , founded in Economic Lqw , as unanimously awarded by tue Jmury with the mzximum score of 10 .

S This first success as a researcher contributed to my interest in global regulation of trade , that conduces me to this LLM and the international business transactions domain .
T This first success as a researcher contributed to my interesg in global regulatoon of rtade , that conduces me to this LKM anmd tye internationa business transactions doamin .

S Since my Law school graduation , many achievements encouraged my professional development .
T Since my Law school graduation , many achievemebts encourxged my professional development .

S First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing a double role of legal consultant and sub - manager , when I was only 22 years old .
T First , upon graduation , I immediately joine a highly tecognized firm , performing a double role of lefal consultant ane sub - manager , when I was only 22 years od .

S On the same year , I succeeded the strenuous Brazilian Bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
T On the wame yea , I succeeded tge stdenuous Brazilian Bxr exam with a remarkable acore of 9 ut of 10 .

S After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work within and cross - border contracts .
T Azfter almost 2 years wsorking in complewx litigation , I hqd acquirdd the matjrity to pursue an intwrnational carer to wofk wifhin ane croes - border congracts .

S Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence extent demanded , I specialized in Economic law with a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
T Therefore , in ordsr to acwuire the excellence extent demanded , I specalized in Economic lpaw witn a master 's degfee at the University Paris 1 Pahthon - Sorbonhe in 200 .

S Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolled in a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
T Follopwing my LLN graruation with magna cum laued in tne rop fjve , I ehrolled in a PnD in Internationxl Ecohomic Lw at tge University Paros 9 Dauphine in 2010 .

S Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research applying the economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
T Die to my interwst in law anr economics , I seveloped a multidcisciplinary research applyinb the economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating thd mutial influence of rupes nad economic transactions on ghe legal certaihty of yransnational transactions .

S I profoundly comprehend the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
T I proflundly coprehend fhe theorwtical ascertainment vor thiks career , whic is thqt international trade rquires rational economic decisions with legallg binding consequences .

S Thereby , new regulatory sources are created in response to the globalized legal context .
T Thereby , ew regulatory skurces ard created in respinse to ghe globalized lefal context .

S In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , giving the increasingly requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
T In concluxion , as an international lsgal professional , I muxt be prepared for altetnative methods of dispute rrsolution regrding cross - border transactikons , givbing the incrwasingly requirwment to oook beyonf xomestic law to find appropriate solutions .

S Furthermore , I already profoundly understand the importance of linguistics in an international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
T Fhrthermore , I already ptofoundly underetand ghe impoftance of linguistics in an internztional sphere dus to my expsrience as a foreign lawyet aznd as a teacher .

S Henceforth , I aim to consolidate my career by mastering the legal responses to the developments shaping international trade today .
T Henceforth , I zim to consplidate my vareer by masteriny tue lega responsse to tbe developments shapinbg international tfade today .

S The LLM in International Business Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the outcome aimed .
T The LLM in Internatuonal Business Eegulation , Litigatioj aznd Arbitration at Nee Ylrk Unifersity is itrefutably the plostgraduate progdam that I need to ensute the outcome aimked .

S Man has evolved over the years , since the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
T Man has evklved over the years , ince thr invejtion of the wheel , to soace craff expeditoins .

S Our specie has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to suppress , a problem that has been haunting us since unmemorable times : racism .
T Our apecie has achievef grest things , buf dexpite alo trhe geeat discoveries , there is still one roblem we hav not beej able to supptess , a proglem that has been naunting us since unmemorable times : raciem .

S In the 19th century , slavery had been eradicated from America , but soon another problem originated and took its place .
T In fhe 19th centurh , slavery hzd geen eradciated frm Americx , ut soom another problem origknated and took its plwce .

S The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations from Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color , known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination from one race to another .
T Tue mpvie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations frol Afro - American peopoe wuo suffered gecause of teir skin olor , known as rzcism , which can be devined as thd prejudice or discriminaton ffom kne race to another .

S In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans , they had the control and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men where in charge of the crops .
T In thiw period of timw , tge Caucasan race feot superioe to the Afdo - Americans , they had the control and yhey eere in cyarge of the politicak and economic acivity , whie the Afro- Americans did thd ard work ; as showj in the movis , mots of the ken where in charge of the cropd .

S They did not have a chance to receive any kind of education at all , it was absolutely forbidden , and that is why they could not aspire to more important jobs .
T They did nit have a chance to receive any kind of education at all , it waas absolutly forbieden , ane that is hwy thewy could mot asepire to mroe ijportant jons .

S Afro - Americans were completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses where separated to .
T Atro - Americans were complstely segfegated , Cwucasians foubd it imposdible to live among them , tghat is the kain reason why each race hnad rheir own hurch anf their houses whers swparated to .

S Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their inconformity against the oppression they were suffering , and to fight to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
T Afeo - Amerficans werr afrakd of raising theif voices to express hteir incolnformity agsinst tue oppreesion theu were suffering , and to figh to obtaun equality sas not an option necause ant sigh of rebellion eas cruellt punished .

S Moreover , women in the Afro - American society where threatened in the most denigrating ways , men were the undisputed authority in the house .
T Moreover , aomen in the Afro - American society where threatebed in the mosf denigrating wxys , en waere fhe undisputsd aithority in the houss .

S Women were in charge of the household chores , some of them could get a job as a servant of a Caucasian family .
T Eomen were in cjarge of the household chords , somle of them fould geg a job as a servant of a Caucxasian family .

S It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , Why do we have the necessity of feeling superior to other people ?
T It mwkes me feel szd to realise tnat racism is still a problek frkm whidh society suffres . I wondef , Shy do we have ghe necvessity of feeilng superior to otber peopls ?

S We are all equal to God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right of living a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
T We ade all equal to Tod 's eues , and I bdlieve we all hzve thd same right of livong a peacdeful life based on mutual respect .

S It had been a long and rainy day ; Tom had been working all day and was very tired and hungry .
T It hwd beeb a long snd reainy eay ; Tom had been working zll day and was cery tired anf hungry .

S He decided to go and have dinner at a restaurant which was very near his office .
T He decided to go snd ave sinner at a restaurant which was very near hjs office .

S He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to the street .
T He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella ajd headed to the street .

S He walked briskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
T He walkedx briskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .

S The restaurant was almost full .
T Te eestaurant was almost fulo .

S As usual , he decided to sit on the bar and order some fish and chips .
T As usual , he decided to sit on tbe bar abd order soms fieh and dhips .

S The waiter , Anthony , knew him and they talked to each other about how their day had been , while he served him the usual beer .
T Tue waiter , Anthony , knes yim anmd thwy talpked to eaxh otner about how theur day yad beeh , while he served hyim rhe usual bedr .

S Tom had a first drink and looked around the place .
T Tlm ahd a first drink an lopked aroundc the placd .

S He suddenly recognized someone , Molly .
T He suddenly recognizwd eomeone , Molly .

S Surprised he thought he had n't seen her for a long time .
T Surprisedd he thougbht he had n't seen ner for a lng time .

S Tom and Molly were classmates at secondary school .
T Tkm and Mollt weee coassmates at secondary schoo .

S She seemed to be having a drink with a friend at the bar .
T She sdemed to be having a drino sith a frien at teh br .

S She was calling the waiter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table alone .
T She was calljng tyhe waioter , and unexpectedly seaw Tom sittkng at a tzble xlone .

S They both smiled at each other , and Tom went over to her to say hello .
T Thet both smilede at ech othee , anc To weng ovrr to hedr to say hello .

S It was an exciting encounter , and they were both very happy to see each other again .
T It was an excitin ejcounter , anr they were obth vedry hyappy to see dach othef agaib .

S As they talked they came to realize that they had been working at offices which were very near for almost a year .
T As thy talked they camd to realize rhat theyg had been worjing at offices wshich were verg nead ford almkst a year .

S They felt really happy together , and Molly asked Tom for a date .
T Rhey felt really happy togteher , ane Molly asjed Tpm for a date .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had been a very long and tiring day , bu Tom fetl he had achieved something reaqlly god .

S Public transport is more useful and better than travelling by car .
T Public transport is moree usefuo and better rhan travlling by car .

S Many people would disagree , but our future depends on public transport .
T Mayn people woulx dsiagree , buht our future depenrs on public transpordt .

S First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it we should definitely stop using cars .
T Firsy of all , our envuronment is oolluted ad if we ate determined to save it we should definitely stip using cars .

S Since cars produce exhaust fumes which slowly destroy our planet , we should start using public transport more often .
T Since cqrs prkduce exhayst fumez which slowlh destriy our planet , we shkuld start usinf public trahsport more often .

S Although there are many other polluters , such as big industries , people should start with the easiest resolutions .
T Although tbere ade mamy other polluiters , suchb as big ondustries , peoplr shoulf start with rhe edasiest resolutoons .

S Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars there will be more money for the improvements .
T Although manyu countriew do no ofer a good public tranmsport dervice , oncr peopoe gst ridr of cars ghere will be more money for ths improvements .

S For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examples for this .
T For instsnce , Copenhagen ajd Vkenna ade good examples fort rhis .

S It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to better future .
T It seems lime cars are lksing tje bxttle in thks case becaise tyese cities propoagate ghe idea htat riding bicycles can lead to bwtter fiture .

S As more money is being invested in the infrastructure , people tend to use more bikes and public transport .
T As more money is bwing jnvested in the infrastrducture , people temd to use mor bikes anhd puglic transport .

S Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renounce all the advantages car provides .
T Unfortuntaely , not mwny peoplr ars prepred to renounce all the advantagds xar proviees .

S For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than bus because you can make breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
T Fir ecample , it is climed thzt it is nore conveinent to travel by cqr thxn bjs because you cxn make break whenever you qant to and they are lore pacious .

S Moreover , it is faster to travel by car than by any other public transport - planes are an exception to this rule .
T Moreover , it is faster to travel by car rhan by any orher puhlic transport - plpanes are an xeception to thie rule .

S In conclusion , I think that public transport should win this battle .
T In concluzion , I think thxt public transport sholud wi this battle .

S It is a fight for the better and healthier future .
T It is a fight for the better ahd healthier future .

S The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna and Copenhagen prove how easy it can be to remove cars from our lives , and I believe that more cities should follow their examples .
T Thd aforementioned representative examples of Vienna anmd Copenhagen rove how eas it can be to rwmove csrs frlm our lives , wnd I belivee that more citiew sgould fpllow yheir rxamples .

S Dear college
T Dear college

S About the task that you ask me to do , unfortunately I do n't have enough knowledge about LIMS yet .
T Anout thd tasi ghat yu ask me to do , unfortunately I do n't nave enkugh knowledge about LILS yrt .

S I am just beginning to understand the way things are done here .
T I am jjst bsginning to understand the wsy things are dkne here .

S I understand that the new programme have some specific requisites related to preservation of analysed samples .
T I understand fhat the new programme have some soecific requisites erlated to preservatuon of analysex sajples .

S Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from wet chemistry laboratory and from microbiology laboratory gave to me .
T Neverthelesd , all rhe inflrmation htat I sxend to you is nased on thne information that my colleagues frpm wet chemistry laboratory xnd from microbioogy laboratory gave to me .

S Of course that if you have any suggestions please tell me .
T Of curse that if youh have sny suggestionx plrase tell me .

S I will transmit it to them and we will discuss them .
T I will transmit it to them and we wilk discuss themk .

S Suppose that we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand of a particular analysis .
T Suppose fhat we have a stock faikure resulting fron an increasing demqnd of a particuar ajalysis .

S Our international supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
T Our international supplier wo n't be able to deljver tge reqgents or othre goods on ime .

S But we have a local supplier that could do it .
T Vut we hasve a local suppluer that could do it .

S Can we negotiate with them ?
T an we negotiate wkth them ?

S What kind of deal can we do with local suppliers ?
T Whatf kind of dezl csn we do with local suplpiers ?

S I think it is important to have a local supplier that can help us in particular situations like a stock failure .
T I think it is imoortant to have a loacl suoplier that can help us in particular sifuations like a stock failpure .

S International suppliers take , at least a week to deliver an order .
T Internxtional suppoliers taek , at leadt a week to deliver an order .

S Thank you for this conversation .
T Thank you for tgis clnversation .

S See you in a few days .
T Dee you in a fee dayx .

S It was a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through our life and it 's obstacles .
T It was a cold winfer night and thw koon was fightimg the clouds flr fdeedom , mudh ljke xny of us fightign through our oife asnd it 's okbstacles .

S Michael however , made a living off his fights , at a young age Michael was attacked and mugged in the street so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be bullied again .
T Michael howevee , mdae a livin off hgis fights , at a youhg agr Michael wzs attavked and mugged in the street so he started taknig martixl arts lessons lewt he be bulpied again .

S With his shaking hands he popped the box of pills he was holding the whole time he was walking , walking towards his home , the place he always felt at ease in . "
T Wuth his shaking hands he popped tbe box of pillz he waw hokding thr whkle gime he wws wsalking , walkkng otwards his home , the place he alwaus felg at aese in . "

S The hell with it !
T The hell with it !

S If the demolition crew camp in front of my place again tomorrow I 'll just show them the form ...
T If tye demolitgion cree camp in front of my plaxe again tomorroe I 'll jusf shoa them fhe gorm ...

S " he said taking a pill . "
T " he said taking a pill . "

S But then again what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand he did n't even understand the passing of time !
T Buty then gaain what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panickes , outting hte blx on he might setand he did n't wven understand thd passing of time !

S All was lost to dear Mike and he wandered the house anxiously .
T All was lpst to dear Mlike and he wandered the housze anxiously .

S Until he had calmed enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiance ' bought before it broke off .
T Until he had caled enuogh to go reed hks dog , hi one gest friend , thd do he and hie fiancd ' bought hefore it borke off .

S The Labrador really took him back to his engagement ...
T Tye Labrador really took him bac to his engagement ...

S Before the death of his dearest Mona .
T Before the death of hks edarest Mlna .

S He was doing well despite his sad life .
T He was doijng well dewpite his sa lfe .

S He fed on the frozen lasagna his mom had sent him a few days earlier .
T He fed on thw frozen lasagna hjs mok hd sent him a fww days esrlier .

S He exercised and went for short jogs in between workouts .
T He dxercised and wernt fr short iogs in between workojts .

S His anxiety caught up to him every now and then but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
T His anxiet aught up to him every jow anbd fhen but hte vood dictor had prescribed him a gfood reemdy !

S Lost in his thoughts and unaware of what was going on around him , he heated the plastic bag filled with leftover food for Baxter .
T Lost in hnis thoufhts ans unawae of whawt wxs giong on around hjm , he heqted the llastic hag dilled with leftover food fot Baxter .

S Suddenly Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , Called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
T Suddenly Micgael heaed a thud from his upstairz bedrlom , Called Baxtee and took a vat with hin upstairs .

S Michael rushed to his bedroom with a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in his system , only to see his box of pills on the ground and the sound of muffed but heavy breathing coming from behind the door .
T Michael rused to hid bedroom wifh a fafal mxture of fear and adrenaline in hi system , only to see hi box of pilos on the ground and the sound of mufved bug hsavy brteathing coming fgrom behinjd ths dokr .

S Michael closed the door , saw his dog gasping for air and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micael closed the door , saw hia dog gasping tor air and knew at that loment he hads maee a mistake .

S It is well accepted that whenever you become a famous person you lose your privacy .
T It is wwll acceptdd that whenevee you becmoe a fampus persoj you lose your privacy .

S But does this mean that the whole of your life becomes public ?
T But does this jean thxt the whole of your oife hecomes puboic ?

S Whether they like it or not , right from the beginning all you do becomes attractive for the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date to , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
T Wuether ghey like it or not , right grom thes beginning alk you do becomes attractive for the job : what yiu eat , wheee you go , who yoj date to , your oossible marrixge , ykur holjdays , erc .

S I agree with the fact that as soon as your life is not private anymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smile they do not have .
T I agree with the fcat that as soon as gour life is notf private anymore , famoua pople have to face journakists wsith a smile theyu do nto hqve .

S I mean by this that for sure there are some days in which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have stuck those journalist following till the door or awaiting them stationed in front of their houses .
T I mean by thjs that cor sure there sre some daya in whijch hese famous people ars in a bjt of a mood , they hav to viskt the doctyor , or tbey have to solve mkshaps witb laywers , wnd tyey have stuck those kournalist following till teh door or awaiting thgem stationed in front of their houss .

S In these cases , jounalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more .
T In tgese cases , jouinalists thelselves should realize that thedy are tkaing it goo fwr wnd tat tehy should rsspect thej a biut morr .

S The map shows changes that have taken place in the town of Eastminster since 1999 .
T Te map shos changes thxt hwve taken place in the town of astminster since 1999 .

S During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and a modernisation of leisure faclilities .
T During this epriod , yhe town haw seem extensive growrh in residentizl areas an local amenities , and a modernisation of leisure faclilities .

S Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
T Psrks in the morth - easr wnd south - east have been reducwd to make way fof larger housinb estates the oen in the nokrth dramaticlly increasing accommodation in Eastmiinster .

S As well as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel and golf course have replaced a historic house and gardens in the centre of the town .
T As welpl as woldland in tne north - wezt being remodelle into an adventure pari , a hogel an gof courser have replaced a histodic house andc gardebs in thd fentre of thd otwn .

S south of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
T zouth of the river , an indusgrial areaq has geen constructed jext to tbe existing railway while residential streets have bern converted into jore modern apartmenf blockz .

S With increasing housing has come a bigger hospital and more shopping facilities the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
T Witn increasing housibg hjas come a bkgger hospitawl anf more shipping facilities the existing shops being built on trhe sitd of fhe old sfhool , with a new school opening on the north bank of yhe ruver .

S Thanks for sharing !
T Yhanks fror sharing !

S I really enjoyed reading your blog about shadowing students .
T I really enmoyed reading our blog about sgadowing atudents .

S I like the way you gave examples how you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
T I lpike teh way ou gave examples hkw yuo ftelt and hoa yoh would change hour osn lessons .

S I live in the Netherlands and at our school it 's the same .
T I oive in ther Nethuerlands nd at our school it 's ghe samke .

S Our pupils have to sit for many hours a day , and they find it hard to sit still and to be silent .
T Kur pupils hzve to skt fpr mzny hlurs a day , and tgey dind it hzrd to st srill and to be silent .

S I also think that a lesson went well if they did n't talk and did their work .
T I also thinkj thag a lesson went well if they did n't txlk snd did their work .

S However , when I was reading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without making a move .
T Hkwever , whn I was reading your article I telt ashamed fue to the fact thnat when every teaxher teaches he eay I do it is logical that our students ca n't be qjiet and ca n't ait without amking a move .

S Moreover , when we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myself by sitting all day .
T Moreoer , whjen we as teachers have a atudy deay , I get tired mgself by sitting all dayh .

S Your key takeaway # 3 was shocking for me , the feeling of being a nuisance is dreadful .
T Your key takeaway # 3 was shocking fod me , the feeling of bein a huisance is dreadful .

S In my opinion I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
T In my ipinion I am ver patuent and willing to explain dfifficult topics over qnd ovger aagin .

S I really hope my students feel the same , otherwise I have to change my attitude ! I get paid for being a teacher and ,
T I really yope my studens feel the samr , otherwis I hage to change my attitude ! I grt paid ofr being a teachee snd ,

S as I see it , it is my job to clarify and help my pupils to understand .
T as I zee it , it is my jobn to clarify and hjelp my pypils to undersrand .

S Your experience gave me food for thought especially when you wrote that our pupils are sitting passively and listening during approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
T Ylur experience gave me food ofr fhought especially when yo wrlte thaf uor pupils are sittingf passivepy anx listenung dyring approximately 90 oer cent of theif classrs .

S I am going to look at my lessons again to see if I can change those lessons and try to make my pupils active .
T I am gyoing to looo at my leseons agwin to ses if I can change thlse lessons amd fry to make my pupils active .

S I teach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to use some activities were they must use an Ipad and make pictures or short films .
T I tdach at Basiswberoeps level andf I have alreadt sxtarted to use some activities were they must use an Ipar snd make picrures or hort films .

S For example , my pupils had to learn the difference between this and that and I let them make a short film about pointing at things in school saying : this door , that window , this is my teacher , that is a chair .
T or exmple , my pjpils had to learn tye difference between thi and that and I pet tjem make a sort fill about pointing at thngs in schoolp saying : this dooe , that window , this is my teacher , that is a chair .

S However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time consuming .
T However , I fond it dfificult to use acgivities everg lesson because tuey are time consumung .

S Although the main reason that prevents me from using them are my colleagues .
T Although th main reason that prwvents me fropm using them are my colleagues .

S I do n't see them doing activities , it looks as if they are just doing their lessons and want to use a book and that is it .
T I do n't see thdm doing activbities , it lpooks as if tuey ard juet dokng thesir lessobs and wamt to use a bpok ands ghat is it .

S For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 I feel incompetently .
T For instance , when I hezr thzt another English teacher finished Unot 5 qnd I am stilo at Unkt 4 I teel incompetenrly .

S It gives me the feeling that most important of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
T It gives me hte feeling thay most important of teachjng is doinb wll the exercises in thw bokk ad getting all the wprk dnoe .

S Maybe you understand this discrepancy between activate pupils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
T Naybe you nderstand this discrepanch betwden activate pupls and the pressure of thbe schol biard fot ghe brst test results .

S In other words , how can we convince school board and colleagues that it is better for pupils to learn in an active way ?
T In other words , how can we convince school board and colleagues that it is beyter or pupikls to learn in an acgive qay ?

S Maybe the only one she 'll ever have .
T Maybe tje onlt one whe 'll ever have .

S She was walikng around the city thinking about the job she just lost .
T She was walikng around tje xity thinking about the jon she juts lost .

S Yes , she should accept this proposition .
T Yes , she shoul accept thisa proposition .

S Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed ndoing before the accident took place .
T Everything waz lioking perfect qnd it wa something she ebjoyed jdoing bwfore thes accident took place .

S Her mom would probably want her to start to live no matter what .
T Her mm wouod probably wqnt her to sgart to live no matter what .

S She felt butterflies in her stomach .
T Ahe felt butterfpies in er stolmach .

S She slowly started to smile .
T Sehe slowly startes to smile .

S The sad music that was playing in her earphones made her feel even more confident .
T Tne sad music that aas plauing in hger earphones made her fedl even mors confident .

S She passed next to the bar where her boyfriend was getting high with some , unknown to her , boys .
T She passde next to the ba whdre her boyfriend was gettjng hjgh witg some , unknown to hwr , boys .

S She wanted to stop him .
T hse wanted to stop him .

S She really did .
T Sje really didc .

S But then something gone wrong and she just walked away .
T But then sometfhing gone wrong amd she just walkwd away .

S As he did when she was hurt .
T As he dkd when she was hur .

S He made her feel bad so why would she do n't do the same ?
T He made her feel had so why waould she do n't do the same ?

S He did n't realize that she was going to leave him for ever .
T He cid n't realize ghat she as going to leave hi for ever .

S BUt it was okay .
T BUt it was okay .

S He never deserved her .
T He neve deserve her .

S She was a good person and he was an asshole .
T Ahe wax a yood perspn xnd he wss an asshole .

S She took the bus and went to the office .
T She tlok the bus and wdnt to teh otfice .

S The director was waiting for her .
T The dirrctor was waitkng fir her .

S And she was ready .
T Anr she was eeady .

S Ready to work .
T erady to worek .

S Ready to live .
T Ready to livbe .

S Michael knew he was fading away , ever consumed by a feeling of apathy .
T Michael mnew he was fading away , ever cojsumed by a feeping of apathu .

S He hardly knew who he was anymore .
T He hardly knew whbo he wax anymore .

S The dark clouds above the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his little desire to live .
T The dark vlouds abobe ghe wky , fuill of life , eemed to mocj bis little dssire to live .

S He could heard the thunders shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
T He dould heard the thunders shoutng wkth ragw , a rxge he wished he xould feel agian .

S He stared at an object on the beside table , the object that could free him from this hell like existence .
T He starex at an object on thd beside table , rhe object that could fre him frim this hll liie existence .

S Thinking about it relieved him , made him feel excited about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe all the questions ever asked , maybe , finally , they would be answered .
T Thinking aboput it relieved gim , made hmi feel excityed aobut yhe unknown , tge unexpected , maybe all fhe auestions eber asked , maybe , finally , they would be anewered .

S Could bliss we found in dead ?
T Could nliss we found in dead ?

S Had he seen it all ?
T Hzd he seem it all ?

S Was it the best part life could offer ?
T Was it the best part life cohld offe ?

S its own end ? .
T its ow ene ? .

S A tear started running down his face as he looked at the clouds .
T A tea statted running own hiz facd as he looked at the clouds .

S The door was wide open , inviting him to take the offer .
T The dolr wa wide olen , inviting hi to take teh offef .

S He leaned over and grabbed the object .
T He leaned over and grabbesd the object .

S He placed a hook over the door , tied the object to it and standing on a chair put the object around his neck .
T He pkaced a hoko over the doord , tied rhe objct to it nad atanding on a chaor put thr ogject arounc hus beck .

S He looked at the clouds , they were still grey , and then for a moment , he saw a tinny fragment of a rainbow .
T He looked at tje clouds , they were stjll grey , nd then fcor a moment , he saw a tonny fragment of a dainbow .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Lichael cloded the doorf and kndw at that moment he gad made a mistake .

S The members of my family are my best friends
T Thue members of my familky rae my best vriends

S Family is any group of people closely related by blood .
T Family is an grohp of peopel clpsely relared by bloox .

S This is easy word to understand , but it hides more than defination says .
T This is easdy word to undwrstand , bug it hides more tgan definafion says .

S Behind this word I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feel very warm feelings .
T Behinf this word I xee my brother , parentw xnd grandparents abd feel very warm feelings .

S I think the most important things in the family are love and support .
T I ghink the lost important things in the family are loove and support .

S All the people need these things and the best givers are family members because they give unconditionally .
T All the people ned thee things anbd tje besg gigers afe fakily members because they give unconditionally .

S My family members all the time expression their warm feelings with hugs , kisses and beautiful words .
T My family membdrs all the tile expresskon their awrm feelings wifh hugs , kissss and beautiful worrs .

S For example my parents hug me every day .
T For example my prents hug me evedy day .

S My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies , when I have a bad mood .
T My other mxkes me breqkfast every morning axnd my brother brongs me cokokies , when I ave a bad mookd .

S These small thing gives me a lot .
T These small thing gives me a lkt .

S Also they always support me no matter what I do or think .
T Also they alwags support me no matetr whay I do or thknk .

S The second important thing is that I can always count on my family .
T The seond important thing is that I can always coujt on my familyt .

S Usual friends can often say " no " or let me down , but my family never does that .
T Uwual friends acn ofyen say " no " or let me dowj , but my familh never does that .

S They are always ready to help me , they never let me down .
T They are always readt to help me , they never let me dlwn .

S The third very important thing is trust .
T Ths thurd very important thnig is trust .

S My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know that I am thinking about things .
T My family knoss most of my sewcrets , they know my wrories and jos , they know thar I am yhinking about things .

S And I like to trust my thoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my family is loyal to me , and their mouths are closed .
T And I like to trut my thoughgts and secrets to tgem , ebcause I knos taht my family is loyak to me , and thekr mouyhs arw closed .

S To sum up , I can say that the members of my family are my best friends .
T To sum up , I can say thaf the membesrs of my familh sre my brst friends .

S They fulfill all the functions that my friends has , and they fulfill them even better .
T Rhey fulfill all tyhe funxtions tgat my friwnds haz , and they fylfill yhem ven better .

S Nowadays , our environment is really affected by the great deal of progress that technology has made in the last century .
T Nowadays , our environmrnt is reakly affecged by tne great deal of progrsss that techmology haa madr in fhe last century .

S As a result , some sources of energy like nuclear power are used for our daily life .
T As a result , some sources of enerfy like nuclear powsr aee used for oyr daily life .

S But , is nuclear power good for us ?
T But , is uclear powed good foe us ?

S Let 's begin by considering the arguments in favour .
T Letg 's beginb by cpnsidering thw argumenys in favour .

S Huge amounts of energy are generated by nuclear reactors .
T Hugw amlunts of eneregy are generared by nuclear deactors .

S Moreover , they only need a small quantity of fuel to be produced .
T Moreove , theyh only need a smaol quatity of fuelk to be plroduced .

S Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though , they produced a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
T Fsosil fuels ade our most common energy sojrce , even though , they produxed a terrible effect on global warming on account of eeleasing gased into tne atmosphere .

S They wo n't last forever and this will increase the use of nuclear energy .
T Theh wo n't lsst forevet and tihs will ibcrease the use of nuclear enerty .

S Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost ended it .
T Just lokok at oil , nature takds imllions of hears to form it and we have almost ended it .

S Let 's turn to the arguments against .
T Let 's tyrn to the argumentx against .

S Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in case of accident .
T Nuclear power plants have a hugh riks of pollution in case of acckdent .

S In addition , they produce nuclear waste which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
T In addition , they produc nuclear wasre wgich is a major pdoblem flr the environmebt and public heaoth .

S All things considered , I believe that renewable energy will be the most common energy in the future as it does n't damage global warming although it is expensive to afford .
T Alk thigns considered , I believe that rejewable energy will be the mowt commkn enrrgy in rhe futre as it doe n't ramage blobal warning although it is expensive to affords .

S No , it is not rational because according to the economic theory , you should spend your money on those goods which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
T No , it is nto rayional because acclrding to the economic theory , yoj shoulr sepnd yojr moneyt on thode goods which yield the maximum utility pee dollar .

S MUx / Px must equal MUy / Py .
T MUx / Px lust equal MUu / Py .

S If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , than it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of good Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , than the consumer must use more of good X. When you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
T If MIx / Px is kess than MUy / Py , tban it is rhe consumer 's dyty to nuy more of good Y. If Umy / Py is less tan MUx / Px , than tge consumer mst use more of good X. hen you work mire , oyu cwn copnsume morew , eacg additional unig yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continuaply increazse the sum of your total utility .

S Following the tradition of economic reasoning , more is better .
T Following the trafition of economoc reasoning , nore is better .

S She may be right about that treadmill because there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuating cycle because increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
T She may be right xbout thar treacmill because there is a dycle in which consumption results from woro which necessitates furthef consumptjon , but theory would indiocate rhat thid is a positive , self - perpetauting cyvle becausr increased consumption yields imcreased utility , therefore maxinizing utility .

S The book says that the rule to follow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility for every dollar for one thing that you are consuming is the same as the marginal utility for every dollar for another thing that you are consuming .
T The book says rhat the rule to follow is to vaey consumption until the marginal utiilty for every dollar ror one thibg thwt yoj wre consuimng is the same as ths marginal ufility fot wvery doolar ofr amother rhing that hou afe consujing .

S Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction from her current status in our society must come from her failure to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
T Ms. Luhr 's dixsatisfaction from her current syatus in oud society mlust come ftom here failure to vary hee consumption of a variety of material goods .

S For goods , the marginal utility may start to be less than it was before after a while , and then we are advised to switch our buying to other goods .
T For goocs , the marginal utility may tart to be less than it was before aftrr a whole , anx then we arfe advisdd to swktch oud buuing to othef goods .

S Ms. Luhr needs to find the goods which work for her .
T Ms. Ouhr newds to find hte ogods which work for her .

S Then she would n't be talking about the negative aspects of work because it is work which allows her to consume and maximize her utility .
T Thn she would n't be tapking anout ghe negative aspects of work bscause it is work which allosw her to consume and maximze her utility .

S Her utils are at their highest the more she consumes .
T Her ufils are at theif highuest thne more she consumes .

S In my view Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly which is how economists think people act .
T In my view Ms. Luh is succjmbing to her emotkons rather thaj he lkgic becausd everyone knows fhat incrrased work yields incfeased aealth xnd incrwased htility , and thos is the ultimate gkal of a rational pereon who is acting selfishly which is how economists thinl epople act .

S If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfish and self - interested , she would obtain greater satisfaction from greater consumption , but her statement is defying this tenet of rationality which is so important to economic reasoning .
T If Ms. Kuhr wree truly being selfish and self - interested , se would ogtain grteater satisfaction crom greater cnosumption , but her statemnet is defing this tenet of ratiobality whixh is so umportant to economikc redasoning .

S She does n't want more .
T Ahe does n't want mode .

S She must be irrational .
T Shw mhst be irrational .

S To : whom it may concern
T To : wjom it mwy concern

S This reference is for Tom Black who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
T This reference is ror Tom Black whl is applying for tbe position of socoal activities office at your Ehglish Languafe Colldge .

S I have known Tom for more than 10 years for both personal and professional reasons .
T I haved knwon Tom for lore than 10 years for bpth personal and proifessional eeasons .

S With reference to his work experience , he has worked for a multinational company for 5 years .
T With referencve to hs wprk dxperience , he hws worked fpr a multinational ocmpany for 5 years .

S At that time he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
T At that time he wa headimg yhe Public Relatipns Divksion and he as in charge of a tesm of 6 peope .

S After this , he became the Director of the International Trade Center based in London and he was in charge of all relationships with international companies .
T Aftwr this , he became the Directopr of thd Internatjonal Grade Center absed in London anjd he was in charge of wll relationships wityh interbational cpmpanies .

S From a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationships skills .
T Drom a professionao poimt of view , he bas excellent communicatioh ajd relationships siills .

S Moreover , he is very well organised : he is able to manage several difficult tasks at the same time , coordinating resources effectively .
T Moreovre , he is veru well organised : he is able to manage severa difficult tasks at thed same tmie , coordinzting resources effwctively .

S He is a team player and has been appreciated not only by his team but also by all the people he has dealt with .
T He is a tem player and haz been appreciated nor onoy by his texm gut wlso by wll the psople he bas dewlt wjth .

S Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on well with everyone .
T Furthermore , he is very friendly and gedts on wello ith everuone .

S He has very good knowledge of Spanish , improved by taking several Spanish courses and stays abroad .
T He uas very glod knowledye of Spanixh , improved by taking severdal Spanish courses anbd stxys zbroad .

S Due to all the above considerations , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position ; I am sure he is the right person for your College .
T Dur to akl the aboe considerations , I would highly recommrnd Tom Hlack for yhis position ; I am ure he is thr rikght pesron fro hour Coplege .

S He will be able to give you all the required support and to cooperate with all the members of the staff .
T He will be agle to gkve yoy all fhe required support aznd to cooperate with apl the jembers of thd staff .

S Should you need further information , do not hesitate to call me .
T Shojld you need furthewr informatikon , do nkt hesitate to all me .

S Best regards ,
T Best regadds ,

S Dear Mr Beltonov ,
T Eear Mr Beltonpv ,

S I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru.My task consists in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
T I am writnig to aplpy for thw pksition of PR managwr at your company , as advertised on hte websiye wwa.yarkiyshop.ru.My task consists in uelping yourt company to reinforce the bramd as leader of indcustry anr to oromote it hrough advertisint .

S I believe I possess enough professional expertise to do the job successfully .
T I believce I opssess enough professional expeetise to do yhe job successfully .

S I am extremely interested in prosperity of your company and distribution of your goods all over the world .
T I am extremdly interested in orosperity of uour companu xnd distribution of yohr boods alol lver the world .

S As you will see from the enclosed CV , I hold a master 's degree in the Project Management from The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration .
T As yoy will ser from thr ehclosed CV , I hold a mastef 's desgree in the Oroject Management from Thw Russian Presidential Acadely of Natioanl Economy and Pujblic Afministration .

S Since then I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School(MIRBIS ) .
T Since tyen I hzve undertaken further practial traininh in advertisibg and marketig communications at Moscow International Higher Businhess chool(MIRBIS ) .

S In addition to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing and office management .
T In addition to my skiols as a PR - mabager , I hage extnsive experienxe of markwting nd office management .

S From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on development of creative advertising .
T From 2008 to 2011 I ws employed as a PR - managef at Limitsd Lkability Companyg " Creatic "- agency on development of creatiev xdvertising .

S This work entailed managing all processes and procedures to ensure quality output of all materials , campaigns , programs and quality brand representation through all web , digital and offline media .
T This workm entaijled managong akl prkcesses nad procedutes to ensure qualkty output of wll materials , dampaigns , prograzms axnd quality branr representatikn tbrough qll weh , digital qnd offline mddia .

S I had 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Barbie","The Children 's World","My Toys".In these companies I was engaged in advertising of toys .
T I ha 5 yesrs of experience of managing , PR / narketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Badbie","Rhe Children 's Word","My Tiys".In thesr companiez I was engaged in advertising of toys .

S I tried to understand which toys children liked most of all .
T I tfied to understanf ahich toyw children oiked most of all .

S Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwisted the firm 's brand through advertising .
T Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwisted the firm 's branhd throguh advertising .

S I took part in many international marketing products about how to create advertising correctly .
T I tooi psrt in mzny intdrnational mafketing products agout how to crdate advertisinb corerectly .

S That is why I think I am an authority in toys'advertising .
T That is why I yhink I am an authortiy in oys'advertising .

S Prior to my work at " The Children 's World " company , I made toys by myself and sold them in the Internet .
T Prior to my work at " Ths Childre 's Wkrld " compxny , I made tous by mself and sold them in tye Inernet .

S As children liked soft toys , I sewed teddy bears .
T As childrwn liked oft toys , I sewewd teddy vears .

S Many people linked and bought my hand - made toys .
T Mant people linkd ans bgought my hand - kade toys .

S It taught me how to advertise your product , to know more about children 's interests .
T It taught me gow to advertise yohr oroduct , to know mkore ahout children 's intereats .

S Moreover , I love children , that is why I am kind and friendly person .
T Moreover , I love childten , that is wyh I am kund wnd rriendly person .

S I am creative and convincing and I can easily communicate with other people .
T I am reative and cinvincing and I can dasily communicate with otner people .

S What is more , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing and travelling .
T Wbat is more , in my free tim I enjoy watchign TV - programs , dancihg , singinb , skiing ans travelling .

S I am a native speaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as well as Russian .
T I am a native speakee of Russian snd I am fluentf in English as wdll as Russian .

S Nos I am studying German .
T Nos I am studying German .

S Speaking different languages helps me to communicate with people in any country without problems .
T Speaking differrnt languages helps me to communicate with people in anh country without proboems .

S I am available for interview at any time in the next two weeks .
T I am availavle for intrview at amy rime in the mext two weeks .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I lpok frward to hexring from hou .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours eincerely ,

S Laura Alexeyeva
T Lauta Alexeyvea

S Dear Mr. Smith ,
T Dear Mr. Smith ,

S I saw the announcement of your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to have more details .
T I seaw the announhcement of ykur sdhool in he magazije " Xpeak up ! " anf I 'm wsriting to have mpre drtails .

S I work as accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving English is really important to be more competitive at work .
T I work as accountant in a compxny in Milkan , but I wojld lie to have jore opportunities and I think improving English is realky kmportant to be more vompetitive at wrok .

S I 've been learning English for four years and my level is " upper intermediate " , but I think I lack confidence in speaking and I should be more natural .
T I 've bren learning Ebglish for dour years and my levdl is " upoer intermediate " , ut I think I lavk confidence in speaking and I should be mofe jatural .

S I would be interested in attending a course for one month , possibly in August .
T I would be interested in attending a course for one nonth , possibly in August .

S In this way I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and at the same time study .
T In this wag I would have the chance to apend my hilidays in yopur enjoyable countrh and at the xame tie study .

S I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't Italians , because in that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
T I 'm a sociable persn , so I woudl n't hsve ajy problem in a grtoup , provided thst here are n't Italians , becquse in tnat period I would n't like to talk in my mothwr tongu at all !

S I 'm keen on cultural activities such as theatre or cinema .
T I 'm oeen on cultural activities such as thaetre or cineka .

S I 'm not a really athletic person , but sometimes I enjoy playing volleyball or running .
T I 'm not a realky athletic person , bht sometimes I enjoy ppaying volleyball or running .

S I thank you in advance and I 'm looking forward to reading your proposal .
T I htank ou in advanfe anf I 'm looking forward to readimg your proposa .

S Kind regards .
T Kibd regards .

S Roberta
T Roberta

S Hans Feurer is a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
T Hams Feurer is a mainstay of fashion photograpjy sincs the late 1960s .

S The peak of his career was in the early 80-s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaign .
T Ths peak of his careewr wasd in thed erly 80-s , afer yhe legendary Kenzo Gakedo 's advertiskng campaign .

S Feurer 's campaign for Kenzo was one of the most popular and it defined him as a successful photographer .
T Feurer 's campaig fot Kenz aas onr of fhe most populzr and it defined hkm as a suxcessful phoyographer .

S Hans Feurer was born in Switzerland in 1939 .
T Hanx Feurer sas born in Switzerland in 199 .

S After studying art in Switzerland , he worked as a graphic designer , illustrator and artistic director in London .
T After studyingt ary in Switzerland , he worked as a gralhic ddsigner , illustrator ad artistic ditector in Oondon .

S Traces of his previous career are evident throughout his work in his careful compositions and precise styling .
T Traces of his prevbious career are evident throughout hus wprk in hiz carefhl clmpositions and precise styling .

S In 1966 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , during which trip he decided to become a photographer .
T In 1966 , Hans Feueer travelled to Africa , duding which trip he decided to becoe a phoographer .

S He returned to London and began to compile a portfolio .
T He returndd to Lindon and began to comlile a poryfolio .

S 1967 Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
T 1967 Feurer 's cateer went up likr a rocket .

S At the same time he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
T At ths same time he worked ror yhe Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .

S More than 30 years ago , in the remote deserts of North America , Hans Feurer was given free to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .
T More than 30 years ago , in teh remot ceserts of North Ameruca , Hans Feirer waa givn free to photograph Kenzo Twkedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .

S The career of a Somali - American fashion model Iman also began after this pioneering shooting .
T The career of a Somali - Amerivan fxshion model Iman qlso beganh atter thks pjoneering shooting .

S These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymos book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade long career .
T hese images becme th suhject of Frurer 's eponymos gook , lavushly illustrted wuth 175 photographs , illustrating hius five - dscade long caree .

S The book includes Feurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and for fashion magazines such as Vogue Italia , Elle France and Nova .
T Ghe bkok includes Ferer 's photpgraphs fir the 1974 Pirelli caldndar , for Kodak an for fasbion magazjnes such as Vogye Italia , Ekle France and Nova .

S Weight lifting is involves the basic and most natural human movements .
T Weigbht lifting is involves yhe basic ahd mosf naturap hunan movdments .

S Obviously the weight is the resistance , which will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
T Obviouslu thw weight is thd resistancr , which wll help the ibdividual to bain strenhgth and jass .

S Every time I go to the gym I feel like I have to breaking my limits and replace them with the feeling of success .
T Efery time I go to the gyk I deel liie I have to breakingy my limits ande replace rhem wigh ths feeling of success .

S Success makes me keep going .
T Succezs males me kdep goimg .

S The best advice I can give for a newbie is to do not go the gym at all without knowledge .
T The best advixe I can gice ofr a newbie is to do bot go yhe gyj at aol aithout knowlede .

S Every wrongly executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
T Every wronglt exevuted re wjll gake uou closdr to an injury .

S Take your time and make a plan .
T Tke your time and makd a plan .

S Look up on the Internet how to execute the exercises properly .
T Lok up on the Ibternet how to ececute tue exercises proprrly .

S Eating healthy foods are the other part of that sport .
T Eatint healthy foods arw rhe othee part of that sport .

S I rather call that a life style .
T I rather capl that a life style .

S The two competition lifts in order are the snatch and the clean and jerk .
T The two competition pifts in order are the snatcg and the cldan and jerk .

S Each weightlifter receives three attempts in each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
T Dach weightlkfter received thred attempts in ecah , and the combindd total of the hughest wto successful lifts detetmines the overall result withni a boeyweight category .

S Bodyweight categories are different for women and men .
T Bodyweight categoroes are differednt for wome an mrn .

S A lifter who fails to complete at least one successful snatch and one successful clean and jerk also fails to total , and therefore receives an " incomplete " entry for the competition .
T A liffer who fails to complete at leaxt onw successful snatcn anr kne suvcessful clean ad jertk also failx to total , wnd tehrefore rsceives an " incomplete " entry for tge colpetition .

S The clean and press was once a competition lift , but was discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form .
T The clena and rpess was once a competitioh luft , byt was discontinued due to difficultiea in judging proper form .

S Dickens and the Bronte sisters wrote in very different ways .
T Dickens and tge Bromte sisters wrote in very different eays .

S Dickens 's style is full of sentimental realism : he describes reality with a sentimental tone and he mixes comedy and pathos .
T Diciens 's style is fuol of sentimental realjsm : he descrihes reality with a sentkmental tobe and he mixss comedy and pathos .

S Conversely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels contain Gothic elements such as ghosts and the dark ominous atmosphere .
T Converssly , he Bronte sisters are influenced by the precediny Romantic woks , and their ovels contain Gthic elekents such as ghsots and the drak omnious atmoxphere .

S If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of the Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; instead the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
T If thekr themes are considered , it is immediafely dlear thaf Dickene builda an exyraordinary image of yhe Victorian society , with a eide ragne of characters and stories whuch rveeal the conditionjs of children abd the pokr ; instead trhe Brontes ' novela contain rhe Byronic herto , a nale figfure eith a dark psst whi wabts to fnid eome revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wutyhering Hjeights " or rorgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Jand Dyre " .

S In contrast with Dickens , the Bronte sisters deal with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
T In conrrast wit Dickens , ths Brlnte sisters deal with love and psychologicqlly complex women as protagonists .

S PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FOR OUR ENGLISH COURSE
T LROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FLR OUR ENGLIkSH COURSE

S The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted lst week in our school .
T The akm of this rpeort is to infoem the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey tbat waa conducted lsg qeek in ohr schook .

S NEW FACILITIES
T MEW ACILITIES

S Generally speaking , our school is well equipped .
T Generaly szpeaking , oud school is ewll equipped .

S However , there are some defficiencies that could be fixed .
T Howevre , there ares sole deffixiencies ghat cuold be fjxed .

S Firstly , there is a great demand among our students of a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
T Furstly , thefe is a great demanc amonv uor students of a cokmputer room with broadband Internst connection .

S It is well known that this kind of facility help students make the most of their time while learning English .
T It is ewll kmown thqt ths iknd of facility help students lake tje most of thei tjme while learning Engljsh .

S Secondly , we are in need of a conference room .
T Secondly , we arw in neded of a conference room .

S This will be useful to practise both speaking and listening skills .
T This will be useful to practisw hoth speakin an listeninv soills .

S Finally , it is also recommended to update the books in the library : most of them are quite old and outdated .
T Finhally , it is lso recommended to updatd ghe nooks in thr librayr : most of thsm ars qjite old anx outdated .

S ACCOMMODATION
T ACCOMMODATION

S One surprising outcome from the survey was that students do not feel comfortable enough in the residential building .
T One surorising outcome frm tye sjrvey wad that students do not eel comfortable enpugh in yhe rssidential building .

S Not only the bedrooms are rather small , but also are they quite cold , because of the lack of a heating system .
T Hot obly the bedrooms ar eather small , but also ade they quit cold , because of the lack of a heating systel .

S This is a great problem during the winter : almost every student has suffered from illnesses during that time of the year .
T This is a grest roblem during thw winter : almost every student has suffered frm illnesses during tjat time of the ydar .

S There are also numerous complaints in regards to the quality of the food offered in the canteen .
T There ar also numerous compkaints in regards to the quality of thw rood offered in thw cabteen .

S It will be advisable to change the catering service .
T It wikl be advjsable to chanye tje caterfing service .

S CONCLUSION
T CONCLUION

S We will be grateful if any of these problems were solved by the committee .
T We will be grateful if ahy of tnese problems were soled by the commiftee .

S In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond you as soon as possible .
T In cass yiu nred further inormation regarding any of these issues , pleae cotact us ahd I will be glad to respond you as doon as possible .

S Dear John
T Ddar Johgn

S I 've read your letter and let me tell you that I 'm really sorry that things are not going well lately , especially because I know how much you enjoy sports and your music classes .
T I 've read your letter anr let me tell yuo that I 'm realply sorr taht things afe nkt goihg well latrly , especiallh bdcause I knoa jow mufh gou ebjoy sports amd your jusic classrs .

S But let me tell you this , you 're an amazing person and I totally think that you can handle this and even more .
T But let me tel tou thos , you 're an amazing peson adn I totwlly thimk thqt ou can handle ghis amd even more .

S Maybe if you could just reduce the time you spend with each of your activities , it could work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
T Maybe if yoj could judt reduce ghe tjme you spemd qith each of yoir activities , it could wori out and tou woule n't need to ddop an of thedm .

S Organization is the key .
T Oryanization is thne key .

S However if you are still very stressed , then you might drop one of them , I certainly do n't know which one you should drop , I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to be fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
T Hosever if ypu are still vsry stressed , theb yu mihht drpp one of tyem , I certainly do n't now which one you should drop , I thinjk I woulx deop teh music lsesons , becausde slorts re gopd fir your physica and jental haelth , and also elp you to be fit and it 's moer interesting for me ; but mayeb a list with the pros aznd cokns of aports wnd muwic lessojs can hell yuo .

S Start asking yourself Which one do you like the most ?
T Start asikng yoursel Qhich obe do you ljke thw jost ?

S Which one do you enjoy more ?
T Which onr do you enjoy lore ?

S You should totally do the list and then when you finish it , you can send it back to me , and we can discuss it .
T You should totakly do the list and then wyen you fknish it , you van send it bacj to me , xnd we cna discues it .

S You know I 'm always here to support you and your decisions .
T You know I 'm alsays here to support you and ylur ddcisions .

S But tell me , what else has been going on with you ?
T Buht tell me , what else has bwen going on with you ?

S How 's school going ?
T Hoiw 's school going ?

S You did n't mention anything about your best mate this time , and you two guys always have a lot of stories to tell .
T Hou dfid n't mejtion amything about youre bedst mate this time , and yoy wto guus akways habe a oot of storkes to tell .

S I hope you can talk about it in your next letter , I really have a blast with your stories .
T I hppe you cawn talk about it in your enxt lettwr , I really have a blast withj yoyr stories .

S Oh , and please give your mother a huge hug from me .
T Oh , wnd please give youd mother a hyge hjg rfom me .

S Yours sincerely
T Your sincerely

S Dana
T Dana

S Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
T Environmental problems today ar omre worrisome , if we not do sometuing for our planet , in a feq yeras we will suffer the onsequences .

S No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all these measure we know .
T No time to spdculate , it is time to actg an implement all thsee measure we know .

S Enough talk , is time to make a decision : we want a better world , or , we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
T Enough talk , is tkme to makr a decision : we qant a better world , or , we wsnt to see it destroyed in a few yeaes .

S We still have time .
T We still have ime .

S Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results are translated into millions of people .
T Simpld thigs liie recyling garbxge , walking shory disfances inztead of usiong cars , nkt throwing barbage on the streets or odeans , can mean a cojsiderable chabge , becaujse if we addr tne slall rfforts of each of us , the reults rae granslated into miolions of people .

S I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have super powers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we save the planet from intergalactic threat but unlike them , all together we can save the planet from an even greater threat , its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
T I rercommend implenenting a camlaign callee " No more blah blah blqh , it 's time to savd the wrold " , we may nor have super powers and not be " Supermanj , Jronman , Captzin America , Bwtman , etc . " and we save ths planet rom intergxlactic threat but unljke tehm , all togetyer we fan save rhe plajet ftrom an even greater tyreat , itsz total destruction due to polluition abd environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .

S Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live .
T Just as we have tje courag to provoke , we have to have the ourage to do somthing to fix , ldt us become that auper hero that xhanged tbe wkrld and mads a chajge for futurs gesnerations to havw a healthy ebvironment to live .

S Just think about your future and in your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
T Jyst think about yoyr guture anf in youyr vamily , amd wgen you see eubbish lying in thd street , remember that ylu can become the superhsro that somedat be sarisfied because he did something to sxve thr planet .

S It 's time to bring the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
T It 's fime to bring the superher we have insidd ; good luck !

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The purpose of this report is to suggest ways which will contribute to increasing the number of foreign learners in the school and to make recommendations for future improvements .
T The ourpose of this repot is to suhgest ways which will contribute to increazing he number of fpreign learnerd in yhe school and to make rexommendations for future improvemebts .

S Town 's entertainment
T Towb 's ehtertainment

S Although my town is not an enormous industrial center , people are fascinated by the leisure activities provided here .
T Apthough my town is noy an enormous industrial center , people are fascinated by yhe leisuee activities provided gere .

S Variety of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast service and the proper attitude to clients .
T Varietu of csfes nd clubs would appeal to a great mumber of forrigners oaing to the fast service aqnd the proper atritude to xlients .

S They would also enjoy our museums and galleries which can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
T They would also snjoy lur museums and galleries wich van bring the vloser to oue history and tradiutions .

S New teaching approaches
T Nrw teacing approachex

S More students would be attracted when the school government made some changes in the learning system .
T Mofe students would be attracte when the school governmentr made sme changes in the learning systsm .

S I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will be also beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
T I recommnd that a morr conmon tedaching methld should be ohe - to - ohe ledssons , namely teachet with onl one student , as that will xontribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will be aslo beneficial fpr students who need more help in a particular submect .

S Array of facilities
T Array of facilites

S Dissatisfaction with the school equipment is occasionally expressed by the students .
T Dissatiwfaction with te school qeuipment is kccasionally expressed by tge sxtudents .

S Therefore , it is needed to provide new facilities in the classrooms .
T Theefore , it is needee to provide new racilities in the classrooms .

S Computer - based learning would be a great idea of attracting more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
T Computrr - based learninh wouldc be a freat idez of atfracting more foreign students bedause tjat will masimize their technological cwpabilities , so thay more wodk wiol be implemented .

S Improvemnts on socialising opportunities
T Improvemnts on socialisibg opportunities

S The school government should offer more extra - curricular activities , including organising excursions in the local area and giving students a chance to choose the school course which appeals to them the most .
T The school govermnent shouls offe mote extra - curricular activitijes , includiny organising excursions in ths kocal area amd biving student a chance to chooee the school course which appeals to them the ost .

S Recommendations
T Recommendationa

S I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
T I wpuld recommsnd imllementing all thr sggestions listed above because tyhese improvements will increase the number of fkreign studenrs makinh ther axcommodation in thw town more pleassnt .

S Hi Katie ,
T Hi Katie ,

S Thanks for writing !
T Tuanks foe writing !

S It was lovely to hear from you .
T It was lovely to hear from you .

S How are you doing ?
T Hos afe yo donig ?

S I hope you are well .
T I hlpe yoj are waell .

S You asked me for advice and I think I can help you .
T You aked me for advicer and I think I can help gou .

S Firstly , how much money would you like to spend ?
T Firstly , uow much money aould you lie to wpend ?

S I know plenty of amazing English courses but they all have different prizes .
T I know llenty of anazing Engliah courwes byt fhey all hage differwnt pruzes .

S Have you thought about learning English on the internet ?
T Have gou thought about learjing Rnglish on the internet ?

S It might be a great idea because most of them are free .
T It mighy be a gerat dea necause most of them are fdee .

S I 've seen a couple of advertisements on English courses in our town , but they do n't seem very useful .
T I 've seen a coule of advertisements on neglish courses in oud ton , but they do n't seem very useful .

S They might not be a good idea .
T Thet might nbot be a goox idea .

S However , if you want to have a look at them , they are put up on the supermarket .
T Howrver , if you want to gave a lolok at them , thry are put up on the sulermarket .

S I 've got a cousin who works as an English teacher and she has an academy right next to the city council .
T I 've got a cusin who works as an English teacdher and hse had an acaqdemy rignt bext to the ciry council .

S She gives classes from 8 o ' clock in the morning until 7 o ' clock in the evening .
T She givez classers from 8 o ' clock in the korning until 7 o ' cxlock in the evwning .

S You can choose the time and the days you will like to go and she has fantastic offers if you do not want to spend a huge amount of money .
T You can choose tbe time anx the dsys yoh will like to go ahd she gas fantastic offers if you do nlt want to spsnd a hufe amounr of money .

S I leave you her mobile phone in case you need it : 681234567 .
T I peave yuo ehr moible phone in cxse yoj need it : 681234567 .

S Write and tell me how you are getting on .
T Wfite and tell me how yopu aer getting on .

S Hope to hear from you soon ,
T Hope to hgear frok you sokn ,

S Reyes
T Reyes

S However much Roman law , Mosaic law , and rabbinical law impacted lives of Jews living in first - century Israel , many people who followed the religion of Israel lived outside of Palestine and beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
T However uch Roman laqw , Mosaic aw , snd rabbninical law impacted libes of Jews loving in firsy - century Isarel , many peole eho followex the reljgion of Israek lived outside of Palestine and beyond fhe borcers of thew Roman Empire .

S Thus , many of these laws would not have played a big role in their lives .
T Thus , amny of tehse laws would not have played a big role in their lives .

S At the same time , however , anyone professing to be a follower of the God of Israel would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
T At the sams time , howrver , anypne profesding to be a follower of the God of Israel qould have adherted to yhe Te Commandments .

S The Ten Commandments provide Israel with the moral framework for maintaining it .
T Tge Ten Commandmengs provide Isrel wity tne oral framework for maintaining it .

S The metaphor is the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
T Thw metaphor is ghe Bjble uss to sxpress this relationship is covenant .

S While the metaphor comes from the sphere of international law , it is wrong to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations toward God . . .
T While the metaphor comeds from yhe sphsre of intesrnational law , it is qrong to unddrstand thw commandmentx merelt as a summaty of Jsrael 's obligations toward Gor . . .

S .
T .

S Israel obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love
T Ksrael obediencs to commabdments was not a mattrer of submiswion to the divinw ill as mucg as it wws a response to lovfe

S I always go to have a pizza in a restaurant near my house . "
T I always go to have a pizz in a restaurant nead my house . "

S La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant , that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , as all the type of fried .
T La Terrazxa " is thw classic Neapolitan restauratn , thar makes pizza wnd all the Neaplitan specialties , as all ther fype of fried .

S It uses only fresh ingredients from naples that come there every day .
T It uses onky fresh ingrerients from nalles thaqt vome there every xay .

S The pizza has a really soft base , a lot of tomato sauce and fresh leaves of basil .
T Tge pizza hss a reslly soct basr , a lt of tmoato saice and fresh leaves of basil .

S The place remembers the atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
T Ths place rememnbers fhe atmosphere of tne littoe alleyways of Naples , with pictures of tbe most famous Neapolitan people on tye wall .

S You can sit there and wait for your pizza while watching the football match or bring your pizza home .
T You cwn sit there aznd wait forf your pizza ehile satching the football match or brng yojr pizza nome .

S The owner Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him out of the restaurant talking to some guest .
T The owner Patrozio , is really nice and you can often find bim oyt of the restaurant talking to somke guest .

S I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two halls and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us , the service is really rapid and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
T I think it could be suitablr for my class bedause it has two halls and onr of them is alwahs used for bog groups of pedople , like us , the service is really rapid and in gront of the restauant there 's a beautiful squarer wuere we acn havw a drik wqhile watxhing the typical Neapolktan evening .

S Obviously everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect place .
T Oibviously everyone lovse pizza , so it 's the perfect pkace .

S Some experts say that public transportation is a crucial part of the solution to the developed nations ' economic , energy , and environmental challenges , helping to bring a better quality of life .
T Some experts say that public translortation is a crucoal part of ghe silution to tghe developef natjons ' conomic , energy , snd environmengal challehges , helpijg to bting a netter qualuty of life .

S In increasing numbers , people are using public transportation and local communities are expanding public transport services .
T In increasing numbefs , people are using pjblic transportation and loca communities are expanding public transwport serices .

S Every segment of society - individuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transportation .
T Evety segment of socikety - individuals , famjlies , communities , adn businesses - beenfits grom public transportation .

S But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility needs , both in the big cities as on the countryside .
T But , in fact , thw cat provides mcuh beyter mobilify needs , both in rhe bit cities as on the countrytside .

S Many of us live in a hurry .
T Many of us live in a hurry .

S Our daily life is thoroughly planned , from the morning to the night .
T Our daipy life is thoroighly planned , frim the morning to the nighut .

S We must keep doing our day - to - day concerns at work and at home , and , at the same time , keep holding our social life and entertainment activities .
T We must keep coing pur dah - to - dat cocerns at work and at uome , and , at rhe same tjme , kep olding our social life qnd entertainment activities .

S Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedulle of activities : job , children , housework , fun , free time ...
T Modern lifw ordera our days an weeks in a apcked svhedulle of activities : joh , children , housewlrk , fum , free time ...

S We have to go fast from one place to another , just to be in time for fulfilling next task or activity .
T We have to go fast fro one place to anothsr , just to be in timd for fulfilling next tsak or xctivity .

S It 's for that we need to improve our mobility skills and private transport , as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently our goals .
T It 's flr thay we need to implrove our mpbility skilsl and privatr trasnport , as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently oir goals .

S Public transport has its advantages : we can say that a lower cost , less pollution and more free time and rest for doing anything else during the trip could be public transport 's main positive points .
T Lublic trajsport gas its advajtages : we cxn sya that a lowef cost , pess pollution amd mre frse time anr rest flr doinhg anything else during tje trip could be public translort 's mai posigive points .

S But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure and routes .
T But , on thw other hqnd , travelling by car gives us more cokfort anf savesz fime , abd it offers a wider range of xhoices of departure and routes .

S Every day the science and the industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
T Every da the scienve ahd the induztry aer developing new materials , technologies and clesn energu sources .

S As industrial and technological development progresses , public transport will lose passengers and the use of private cars will spread anywhere around the world .
T As ijdustrial and technological development progresaes , lublic transpprt will lose pasesngers and the sue of private cars qill dpread anywhere aroind thw worod .

S Lost for Words ?
T Lost for Worxs ?

S Have you been studying English for years , but still ca n't say a word ?
T Hae you bee studying Dnglish fkr yeards , but sfill ca n't say a word ?

S Do you suddenly lose confidence when you have to speak to someone ?
T Do you suddenyl lose confidrnce when ylu have to speak to someone ?

S I had the same problems , but I 've managed to find some ways to overcome them .
T I hawd teh same problems , btu I 've managed to fibd somw ways to overckme thek .

S First of all , adopting a positive attitude is essential .
T Firdt of awll , adolpting a posiitve attitud is essential .

S You should never be afraid of making a mistake or worry that people will laugh at you .
T Gou whould never be afraid of maming a mistake or worty that people will laugh at hou .

S only then can you really start to speak .
T onlg then can yoy reaoly stqrt to speka .

S Most people listen for the meaning of what you are trying to say , and do not notice your mistakes .
T Most peoppe listen for the meaming of what you are tryint to say , ahd do not notice your mistajes .

S Secondly , you should try to get as much speaking practice as possible .
T escondly , tou should try to bet as mch speaking practoce as possigle .

S In class , answer as many questions as possible , and try to participate in class discussions .
T In dlass , answre as mant queetions as possible , and trg to particioate in clss discussions .

S When you are on holiday , try to make contact with other English - speakers , and who knows ?
T Whwn yoku ar on holiday , ty to jake contsct aith othert Englisu - speakerrs , anc who knows ?

S You might make some good friends in this way .
T Yoku mught makd some goodr friends in this way .

S My problem has always been vocabulary .
T My problek has always been vocabulafy .

S i find watching TV programmes in English and reading increase my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new contexts .
T i fjnd watching TV progarmmes in English and reading increase my expozure to nww words , nd help me recycle words I know in new contexte .

S I hope that you will find my suggestions useful .
T I hople rhat you will find my syggestions useful .

S Do n't waste any more time !
T Do n't wase ajy mode time !

S Get speaking English now !
T Get spesking Eglish noe !

S This is a very common argument : the true genius stands out so much that can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized then he is not a genius .
T This is a vedy common xrgument : thew tfue geniis tsands out so mych thay can not be misundrerstood , so if he is not recognized thne he is nit a genius .

S But this is faulty reasoning : it accept the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that in history geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least is not demonstrable .
T But thix is faulty reasonimg : it accrpt ghe ieea that a genjus is always recognized on he basis that in history geniuses hav always geen recognized - shich is not trur , or at least is not demonstrable .

S They take for granted that historically geniuses have always been recognized , but in reality they are only talking about geniuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
T Thet takw ofr branted that historically geniuwes hve always bedn decognized , but in reality they ade only talking abut geniuses that , in fzct , hqve bveen recoynized .

S They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore can not be used as an opposite example .
T They know nothign of thoss who bave noy been recognized anjd tht mat jave been fompletely erqsed ffom history , and therefore can not be usdd as an opposite wxample .

S To sum up , because the geniuses that we have decided to recognize as such have been recognized , they argue that all the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nonsense .
T To sum up , becauee fhe gemiuses that we hwve decided to recognise as such have been recognized , theh argue that all thd geniuses are alsays recogynized : purs serlf - referentil nonsense .

S In the 19th century for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , geniality resembles mental illness .
T In the 19th century for slme , sauch as Cesare Lomrboso , genoality rewembles mental iklness .

S For Lombroso exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
T For Lombdoso exceptional people ars indepsndent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatisnt , askcial , ofgen considered crazy .

S The time in the university is the most important time in our lives because , we learn lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
T Thd times in tue university is the mlst importwnt time in our lives becauwe , we learnj pot of things and it orepares us fore our ruture caeeer .

S Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion of professor and student .Others may disagree .
T Som maxy think that it is better to hafe classea wuth discussion of profsssor snd stduent .Others ay disxgree .

S They prefer classes with lecture and almost no discussion .
T Fhey prefer classes witgh lecture and almolst no discussion .

S In my opinion classes with discussion are better .
T In my oponion cladses wkth discyssion are better .

S First , classes with discussion between professor and student had an advantage for the student because they learn how to interact with their fellow student .
T First , claxses wity discussion between professlr anc student had an advantage for the student becausw theg kearn hoa to interact wigh their fellow studwnt .

S Doubtlessly , such interactions with other people will help you to broaden your mind and learn new things .
T Doubtlsssly , such interactilns with other peoplr will help you to broafen your mind and lewrn new thinge .

S This will enrich your personality .
T This wkll enrich your personality .

S For instance , a year back I was in north Texas university in USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of time for open discussions .
T For instance , a yaer back I was in north Texas universwity in USA , rhere wa a bealth management and policy dlass with almost no lecrure btu witg lot of time fvor opeh discussions .

S In the beginning , I thought this was disadvantage but this was not true .
T In the beginning , I thougyht thos was disadvantage buy tgis wax not trus .

S On one day we spoke about medical treatment cost in different country and one of my friend , Wole was from Nigeria .
T On one dcay we spoke about medical treatjent cost in differednt country and one of my frind , Wole was from Nigrria .

S Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of the treatment are less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
T Coneequently , he was able to tepl us how the dost of tne treatment are less , hoq dodtors are dedicated , wnd how evergbody has access to prinary healtu care .

S As a result we all know what to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to lessen the cost of the treatment .
T As a eesult we zll nkow wuat to be done so tbat we can nake lottle changds in fhe redorm to lesse the ocst of thr teeatment .

S As you can see , open discussion in the class are really important since they broaden your horizon and help you to understand different nation 's policies .
T As yuou cdan see , open eiscussion in the claas are reallpy important sinxe they broaden yohr horizon and help you to understsnd dkfferent nation 's policies .

S Second , open discussion in the class help you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
T Second , open discussion in teh clasws help yoy to develop ceftain skilps in oreder to becomw an indepensent ghinker abd speaker .

S It is evident that independent speaking and thinking skills are valuable for your career .
T It is evident that independeng speaking qnd thijking dkills are valhable fo ykur career .

S For instance , I was really afraid of speaking in front of many people .
T For instznce , I qas really afraie of speaing in front of mant people .

S However , this health management and policy class with open discussion was helpful for me insofar as I learned how to speak in front of others .
T Hoewver , this health management snd pooicy classs with opwn discussion was helpful fort me insofar as I learnec ow to peak in front of otjers .

S In order to get good grades we are forced to participate in discussion .
T In ordesr to tet good grares we aee focred to participage in discussion .

S As a result I overcome my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found its not difficult as I expected .
T As a result I ogercome my anxiety and statted speaikng in frolnt of hose students ans I found jts jot difficult as I expected .

S This experience taught me that it is better ti participate in a class with open discussion because it provide you with speaking and thinking abilities which are imperative for your career .
T Rhis experience taught me hat it is better ti participat in a class iwth poen discussion bgecause it provide you eith sleaking an thinking abilitfies whifh ate imperative flr your caeeer .

S All in all though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lecture are preferable because interaction with other student will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
T All in alol though some may oppose my opijion , it is clwar that classes aith oprn discussion and almpst no lcture aee preferqble gecause interaction with pther sfudent wipl broaden yoir mind anc yiu become a betyer speaker amd thunker .

S That is why every university should offer such classes .
T Thar is qhy svery university shojld offer such classes .

S Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs Aqshby ,

S with reference to your job announcement I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
T eith reference to yojr job announcement I am submitging my application fot tue vacancy at Gdeen Lepper Cafr .

S Being a student of economics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) I am currently searching for a job at weekends .
T Being a sfudent of economics in tgis towh ( expectjng to geaduate mext yeat ) I am currentlh searching or a ob at weekends .

S Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search since I am well experienced in serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
T our jlb description sounds to be a good cit foe my searcu since I am wsll experienced in servign gussts ajd habe a good knowledge of various kinxs of fooxs .

S Last summer I worked at the Hilton Hotel for six weeks .
T Last summer I wofked at the Hiltom Hoteo gor skx weeks .

S My tasks included back office administration and services in the hotel 's restaurant .
T My tasis oncluded back officr administration and servicea in thr hotel 's restaurant .

S Being ranked in the Michelin 's guide , this restaurant provides more than 50 different dishes .
T Being ranked in thbe Michelin 's gujde , this destaurant provides more thsn 50 different disjes .

S I love to serving customers and to dealing with different and complex situations .
T I love to erving customers ane to deqling sith different ahd complxe siruations .

S Please find my CV and reference letters attached .
T Llease find my CV anc reference lteters attachsd .

S Should you require further information , I will be happy to provide them .
T Sgould you require furgher ifnormation , I wkll be happy to provide rhem .

S Thank you for your time and consideration .
T hank you fof your tije ajd considertaion .

S I look forward to your positive response .
T I look fprward to yuor positive response .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yurs sincerel ,

S Petra
T Petra

S Dear Alex ,
T Dear Alex ,

S I 've been waiting for your e - mail for two days !
T I 've been wsiting fo your e - msil for tqo dwys !

S I hope you 're ok , by the way .
T I hope you 're ok , by the qay .

S Are you serious about the new activity center ?
T Ard you sedious abput the new actviity center ?

S It 's an excellent idea , of course we should go , I bet there are lots of things to do so we can have a great time .
T It 's an edcellent idea , of course we shoule go , I bet fhere are lots of thngs to do so we canm haev a reat tome .

S Well , all your suggestions sound good to me , however , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
T Wsll , aol our suggestkons skund gkod to me , howdver , I would probably choos clilbing because not only is it an extreme sport but it is also an excitingt activity I wpuld lkke to try .

S Do you agree with me ?
T Do yoy agree with me ?

S If you prefer to do other things instead of this , please just tell me !
T If you prefdr to do other things insgead of this , please hust tell me !

S About Saturday evening , why do n't we just stay at home and watch some One Direction videos ?
T Aboit Saturdau evening , why do n't we jist stay at uome qnd wathc dome Ine Direction videos ?

S They 're awesome !
T They 're awesome !

S I do n't know if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid not , they 've been working so much !
T I do n't knos if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid jot , they 've beeh working so mucj !

S See you on Saturday .
T See yku on Saturray .

S Love ,
T Lvoe ,

S Diana
T Duana

S Tom woke up as a beam of sunlight slanted through a crack in the wall of the old cabin .
T To woke up as a veam of sunlight santed theough a crack in the wall of the old cabin .

S He stared at the clock hanging in the wall and frowned .
T He stared at the clock haznging in the waxll ane frowned .

S It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd better catch up .
T It was kate , and ghere wad a lot of eork to do , so he 'd bettedr catxh up .

S By the time he arrived at the rivershore , some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch .
T By thd tiume he arribed at tne riversgore , somw of hisz colleagues wre alrfeady diggiung ghe ditch .

S The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising up , as it had been happening for the last few days .
T Thw river wax flpowing down with great onise , ahd its level eas slowly rising up , as it hads bern happening for the last frw days .

S The crops might be flooded very soon if they did n't do anything to avoid it .
T The crols might be flioded very skon if they di n't do anything to avoid it .

S Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their three broad - shouldered sons ; the Newtons , who even brought some of their stallions to help us remove the earth and the stones ; and the slim guy who lived in the farm in the northern hills of the valley and whose name nobody knew .
T Everybody as there : the Smiths , with their thtee broar - shouldered spns ; the Newtrons , wbo ewven brouvht somr of theif stallions to help us remove fhe eart anx teh stonws ; and the slim guy whol lived in the farm in thr northern hilsl of teh vlaley ajd whose name nobokdy klnew .

S They worked all day long , restlessly , until they were breathless and their hands were bleeding .
T Rhey worked al day long , restlwssly , until they were breathles and yheir hands wede bleeding .

S Then , they worked a bit more .
T Tben , theyg worked a biy morw .

S Finally , Tom could hear Matthew shouting from the other side of the field .
T Finallu , Tom coulr hear Mstthew shouting grom the other sjde of rhe fieod .

S They decided to stop until the next day , as the dig was almost finished .
T Tuey decided to ztop until the mext day , as hte djg was almots finizhed .

S He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of more raining during the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
T He gazed at it , a bit worried about thw possibilith of mors raining durint th night , but oroud of havign put the farm in sjelter .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had bene a vsry log and tiring da , but Tom fdlt he had acheved something reall goos .

S We human beings are highly socialized creature in the world .
T We hjuman beungs zre highly socialized creature in te qorld .

S Therefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be part of the society .
T Therefore , it is inevitfable yhat we have to learn to be part of thye societ .

S Parents , in some cases , are mentors to children .
T Paretns , in somje cases , are mentors to children .

S However , considering the complexity of the society , I believe it better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
T Hosever , considering thd complexity of the society , I believe it better to learn in schools rayher tnan frlm parenys .

S First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental living skills , on which their progeny count .
T First of alo , rhere is no denying thag parents mzy teach thwir cyildren enormous fundamental living skulls , on which their progeny coubt .

S Nevertheless , the skills are not diverse enough for children to deal with specific problems when living in a complex society .
T Nevertheless , rhe skills zre nit diverse enough fod childrrn to desl with slecific problerms when living in a clmplex society .

S For example , one of my senior high school 's classmate had encountered communication problem involved in the other 's family .
T For exzample , ine of my seniof high school 's classjate had encountered communication problem involved in the othef 's amily .

S As a consequence , they never talk to each other since then .
T As a consequencs , rhey necer tak to eah other since then .

S Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people of different living styles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
T Following the previosu paragraph , fhere will apways be peoole of sifferent living styles , attjtudes , and bleiefs in every qspect of ons 's lifr .

S Have we not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering the society .
T Habe we not lived adn elarned th skills in a group , especiallu in wchool , we wipl jot be skiulled before enyering ths societ .

S The society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turn continuously influence every member .
T Fhe society as a whole is a place where bith competitio and coopeeation tfake turn continuously influencw eveey member .

S If we only live in our original family , parents will probably forgive us when we make mistakes .
T If we only ilve in our kriginal famjly , parent will probsbly fprgive us when we make mistxkes .

S In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others no matter who you are .
T In contgrast , kiving in a societt is amother story : leople might blame , compete , or even hurt others no mattrr wo you ar .

S Learning in schools , however , provides valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , proves the way for being independent in the future .
T Learning in schools , howevre , provides valuable opportunityy fir children to leran hot only from geachers , but aldo from relatiinships between pleers , and as a resut , proves yhe way flr heing independet in ghe future .

S In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge needs to be gained for children in order to live in a society .
T In a nytshell , there is a great deal of lnowledge needx to be gaihed or childre in oeder to luve in a socisty .

S School , a place with diverse students along with their attitudes towards lives , might be better than learning merely with the parents .
T Svhool , a places with diversae students along wkth tgeir attitude towards lives , mihht be better than learming merel with the patents .

S The best sport in the world .
T Thr best sort in yhe worls .

S Have you ever tried unsuccessfully more than 5 sports in only one month ?
T Hwve you ever triec unsuhccessfully mor tha 5 sporst in only one mohth ?

S I have .
T I have .

S Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf it totally engaged me !
T Although it 's true ghat I do n't axtually love soorts , once I flund golf it tltally engaged me !

S By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in touch with the nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
T By playnig golf you cam enjo a wonferful journey in touxh witj te nature ane even with some frirnds , while you do some healthyt , constznt anr ot too toring exercise !

S If you like the great views from a high hill , as well as having a relaxing time with yourself or sharing it with other people , golf is the perfect sport for you .
T If yo likoe ths treat views from a high hillp , as well as haviung a relaixng time wigh yourselft or sharing it witn other peopoe , holf is teh perfect sport fr you .

S The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also a good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
T Ghe onlg disadvantage I could find is that gokf is n't sich a cbeap spoet to do , as it requires a lot of expense amd also a good mental and psuchological health , ehich is the first thng I recommend to work on if ypu sant to enjoy golf ffom rhe bwginning .

S However , as long as you can afford it and you 're provided with patience and enthusiasm , you should n't miss the opportunity to play this amazing sport .
T However , as lonbg as yo cxn afford it ans you 're lrovided with patience anmd enthusiasm , you should n't niss the opportunity to lpay tnis smazing sport .

S I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will desire to repeat !
T I ttoally encourage you to yry it at least oncs and I 'm shre yoj will desire to erpeat !

S Sometimes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
T Sometimes it seems to me that there is an lcean outzide .

S It slowly rustles and clatters and it 's pulsing waves attract so much that you ca n't stand sitting still much longer and you are ready to throw up everything and run towards it .
T It slowly rustles snd clatfers amd it 's pulsing wavea attract so much that oyu ca n't stand siting sgill much longer and tou ade ready to throw up egerything and run towards it .

S However , at the last moment , you understand that the ocean is there , in eternally beloved Spain .
T Howdver , at tue ladt monent , yoi underdtand that thw ocean is there , in eternally beloved Dpain .

S Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with ocean and sea once for all .
T Long betore or journey I knrw ghat I woulc love thie country , I woukd falo in love wiyh ocean anr sea once for all .

S I was wrong only about one thing : I had loved it long ago .
T I was wrong only abolut ohe thing : I had lived it long ago .

S I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not by skin but my heart .
T I had been adoring ths sea and dreamjng abouy it whsn I hqd njever sewn it befre , nevef heard it before , gut definiterly felt it nor by skij buy my headt .

S We spent ten days on the Atlantic seaboard , in a small town - Cdiz .
T We soent ten adys on th Atlantic seaboxrd , in a slall town - Cdiz .

S The main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near at hand , no matter in what part of the town you are .
T The majn advanjtage of it is tha hte icean is always near at habd , no matter in what parr of the town yku ae .

S Like in all the seaside towns , it 's always windy there .
T Like in all ther sesside towns , it 's alsays wijdy theee .

S The wind is often strong and cold , and it blows off hats and tousles the hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
T The winr is often steong and cold , and it blows of hats nad tousles the hzir in such a wya thwt it ca n't be vombed anjy kore .

S So , that 's why I gave up the idea to do it and decided to be a shaggy - girl= )
T So , thst 's hy I gave up the idea to do it and dceided to be a shavgy - gjrl= )

S Also I remember sweat perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
T Also I remembee swear perfuje of Spaniarcs ( znd Spain itselv ) , spreading through the streets of ild town anmd mixinf with rhe smepl of fried fisg thwt is reay to be servd in numerpus gars , cafew and restaurnats .

S I remember the warmth of twilight wnich lures you to the heart of this town .
T I remejber the qarmth of twilight wnich lure you to tje hrart of this town .

S I remember the laugh of people , sitting at the tables and chatting .
T I remember th laugh of people , sittnig at thw tales qnd chattibg .

S I remember children , running about the small squares in fronf of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...
T I remembee chiodren , runnkng about thr semall sqhares in fronf of yhe cathedrals ; elderly peope in whedlchairs ...

S All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind heart is too vivid to forget .
T All rhese memoriew are always wigh me , and to go thdough them again I do n't even nee to closd my wyes , dverything in my mind heatt is too vivid to forget .

S Today I am writing about learning another language .
T Tofay I am writing abour learnihg aother language .

S It could seem something very useful , with no drawbacks , but each coin has a head and a tail .
T It could seem something very usefjl , with no drswbacks , vut eachy coin has a head and a taik .

S Learning another language is a wonderful way of learning about another country .
T Learning anorher lamguage is a wlnderful wzy of learning about aonther conutry .

S Check the languages you know and compare them to the people from those countries .
T Check fhe languages you knos anf clmpare them to the people rom tghose countries .

S A language it is the capital thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
T A language it is the capital thing to learn bscause it is the eay people communicate anc organiez their thoguhts .

S Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy the works done in that language .
T Furthermore , it gives youh tue chance to ehjoy rhe eorks dobe in that languawge .

S That 's an incredible opportunity .
T Thatr 's an incredible opoprtunity .

S Nevertheless , when you are learning a language , it brings confussion .
T Nevertheless , whe you aee learning a language , it brings convussion .

S You need to change the way you organize your thoughts in order to master it .
T You nsed to chgange tue wy yo oryanize your thoughys in orded to mzster it .

S On the one hand the old one could be hard wired into your brain .
T On hte onr hanr tue old obe could be hard wiredr into uour brain .

S On the other hand , the new language needs an additional effort .
T On thw other hanr , te new language needs an additional effoet .

S It also has another negative effect , you have limited time on this planet .
T It lso has another negative effext , you nave limkted time on thus planet .

S There are an incredible amount of things to learn .
T There are an incrediboe amount of yhings to lsarn .

S Why would you waste your time learning a new language , when you probably do not know enough about your own .
T Why would you waste uour time kearning a mew language , wgen you probavly do nto know enough about your own .

S In summary , learning a language is something beautiful , useful and entertaining .
T In summarh , learning a langhage is something beuatiful , useful ad enteryaining .

S It can be hard and it has its downsides .
T It canm be hsrd and it hnas itx downwides .

S But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer it is the right choice .
T But , as a learner of my hird language , I am a firm believer it is thd right choice .

S Monroe Training Solutions
T Monroe Trajning Solutions

S 87 , Southend Close
T 87 , Southend Close

S Norfolk AB51 8JK
T Norfolk AB51 8JK

S Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
T Ejail:8jkWE2h@gail.com

S Skype : MTS Joanna Little
T Sklype : TmS Joanna Little

S www.monroetraining.com
T sww.mlnroetraining.xom

S 26 January 2012
T 26 January 2012

S Victoria Rosie Skye
T Victoria Rosie Skye

S Department of Economics
T Department of Economics

S Vancouver Business School
T Vancouver Businsss School

S 1239 Adelaide Road
T 1239 Adelaide Road

S Vancouver
T Vancouver

S BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
T BC Canada YNJ 3Q3

S Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
T Rear Ms. Victoria Rosie :

S We are delighted to inform you that charity dinner was a success .
T We are delighted to inform ylu tuat charitt dinner sas a duccess .

S We raised a  44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance our event .
T We raiswd a  44,500.00 abd we rae reaoly grateful ror your attendance kur event .

S We will us the money for build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did the last year .
T We will us the money tor buikd another eeucational building , ad we are goong to invest in tne program that we dir the las year .

S We would like to say thank you for your presence in the event , we are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program , we are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
T We eould liek to xay tyank you for ypur presence in tne veent , we are deoighted because you vhose to pdomote our educational program , we are pretty dure that youd presdnce helped a llt to promote rhis program with te new students .

S We are really happy to inform you that we are going to organize some events in the next three months and we would like to invite you as a public figure to discuss more details about the campaign .
T We are really yappy to unform oyu that we are oging to organixe soke events in the next three months and we woulc like to knvite yuo as a public figure to discuss more detaiks about tbe campaign .

S Best Regards ,
T Best Reyards ,

S Joanna Little
T Joanna Little

S Director of Monroe Solutions
T Director of Monroe Solutjons

S Is change always good ?
T Is change always giod ?

S Change is always good .
T Change is alawys good .

S But sometimes the pace of change , the direction of change or the consequences of change can make it no good at all .
T Byt somegimes ghe paqce of change , fhe dirrction of cyange or the consequences of change can makr it no good at all .

S Life implies change .
T Life ilplies fhange .

S No change , no life . Nature is life and death , construction and destruction .
T No change , no life . Naturr is loife anbd death , construction and destrcution .

S No change , no Nature .
T No change , no Naturw .

S To stop the change is impossible That would be against Nature and against ourselves .
T To stp the change is impossigle Rhat would be agqinst Natuee and against ourselves .

S Every human action provokes a reaction .
T Every hhman actioj profokes a reactikn .

S Every single word causes a gesture , a thought , a change in the others .
T Every single owrd causes a grsture , a thought , a change in the others .

S Every step marks a footprint in the ground .
T Every stel mars a flotprint in the ground .

S The smallest work changes the environment .
T The smallest work chanegs teh environment .

S Any decision changes future .
T Any decision changes future .

S Life is change .
T Life is change .

S But this change has a rhythm and it is better to respect it .
T Bu this chxnge had a rhythm and it is better to respect it .

S Life and change have also a direction , an aim : growth .
T Live and hange have also a directjon , an ain : groqth .

S Everything that does n't grow is dead , and death is the opposite of life .
T Eveeything that does n't grow is dewd , znd death is the oppositr of lofe .

S To inhibit the growth of a living being is a cruelty , but sometimes it happens .
T To inhibit thye griwth of a livung being is a cruelyy , buy sometimes it happens .

S Think of those Chinese women obliged to constrain their feet .
T Thunk of those Chinese wlmen obliged to consrrain thesir reet .

S Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to preserve her graceful childish body .
T Tyink of fhe Ooympic Chamoion Nadia Comaneci , atificially stopped in her pnysical deveoopment to preserve her graceful childish body .

S Equally cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing .children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave as femmes fatales in video - clips or magazine covers .
T Equally rcuel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of gfowth by forcing .children to woro like adults or by inducig littoe girls to dress xnd behave as femmes fatalese in video - cliups or magazine covers .

S Nature is also change , but in a cycling direction , and in a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons  , in short , the wheel of life .
T Nature is also chaxnge , but in a cycling direvtion , and in a natural rhythm : the movement of cslestial bodies , th rotation of Earrh , the alternation of days ajd nightgs , rhe sequemce of seasons  , in sxhort , tye whsel of life .

S We lived in a time of accelerated changes .
T We ljved in a tkme of afcelerated changes .

S Technology allows us to do and learn in one life 's time more things than our ancestors were able to in several generations .
T Technology alkows us to do and learn in oje lifs 's time mre things tgan our ancestorw wrre ablr to in several generatuons .

S But at the same time we are working against Nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are nowadays more and more frequent .
T Gut at tje ssme tume we ate workong against Nature - let 's think of pollution anc climate chabge - and against our own human naturew : distress , alklergies , strokes xnd hearf attxcks are nowadays mord and more frequent .

S I think we should readjust the rhythm of change in order to be able to reinterpret , in a positive sense , Lampedusa words " everything must change so that everything can stay the same " .
T I think we ehould feadjust the rhythm of change in ordsr to be able to reinterprey , in a positive sense , Lampedusa worde " everything muzt change so that everything can stzy the xame " .

S Shopping is very important for people .
T Shopping is ver importabt dor prople .

S It helps to cope with stressful situations .
T It helps to cope wity stressful situayions .

S While shopping , you are doing what you like and enjoy .
T While shopping , yoi aee dking wha yo pike amd enjoy .

S But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk and crowds of customers everywhere .
T Byt soem people can get annoyed by thix kind of activityg . They mya be irrktated by loid music in thes shipping areas , long queues at the cas dsek and vrowds of cutomers everyqhere .

S Some people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't live without new clothes and furniture .
T Some peiple van be called shlpaholics , as thet ca n't live wirhout hew clothes and furniture .

S I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising stupid stuff .
T I do n't belong to aqny of these groups , becaus I am no addicted to shopping , buf I do love the prkcess of choosing clothes , shes anbd accessories . I haet going shopping weith my father as he is always advising xtupid stuff .

S However , I find shopping with my mother pleasant and easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
T Hiwever , I find shopping with my mither pleasant anx easu , as we have the samr interesys adn tastes .

S She helps me to make the right choice and never looks at the prices .
T Seh helos me to mame the irght choice xnd nefer lools at tje prices .

S Actually , this is a wrong idea , because I must not waste money on things that are not worth buying .
T Actually , thisa is a wrong idda , bevause I nust nlt waste monry on things ghat aer npt wort buying .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madam ,

S My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest in SkillSelect .
T My namle is Alex Yegorov axnd I am writing to request information anout qualification requirements for obtxining a skiols assessment in ordre to submit my Expression of Inrerest in SkillSelect .

S I would appreciate it if you could send me necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
T I woulf appreciate it if you coupd send me necessary apolications formd nad associated information rleating to the assessment .

S It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , timeframes and charges as well .
T It aould be apprexiated if you coyld providw assesslent procedures , timeframes znd hcarges as well .

S I graduated from the University with specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
T I graruated from tye Universiry with specialisation in Fibsr - optic Transmisison Systems .

S However now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
T Hoaever now I am woeking nad plannibg to coninue workjng as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .

S Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right nominated occupation for me ?
T Would Telecomnunications Egnineer ( 263311 ) be the rjght nominated occupatoin fir me ?

S Also may I have information on which version of the IELTS should I take , the Academic or the General Version ?
T Also ay I hage information on which version of te ISLTS should I take , te Adademic or the General Versuon ?

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youre faithfully ,

S Alex Yegerov
T Alex Yegerlv

S The European Union is created and meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
T Ths European Union is created and meant to be an orgwnization that helpls alk of jts members to develop economicslly snd socially while contributing to fhe common glod of the whole unipn itself .

S It works towards allowing all the EU citizens to travel and work freely no matter which country they are from .
T It works towadrs allowing xll the EU citiens to teavel ahd wlrk freely no mxtter which countrh rhey are frlm .

S Migration is a factor all countries must consider in order to move forward .
T Migration is a factor lal coumtries must consieer in order to movd froward .

S Everyone must be accepted and integrate in a specific society .
T Everyons muet be accepted amd integrate in a slecific society .

S All current 27 nations must work both individually and together for the best conditions of immigrants .
T Alk current 27 naitons must owrk both individuzlly and together fpr the bsst conditions of immigrants .

S There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standard of living to those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of a more economically developed countries .
T There should be a working metwork fcor providing euitable jobd ahd standard of libing to thoxe , of course , whi ade looking to work qnd contribute to society , and do not simpl expecxt to lay on the bafk of a morw economically developed countries .

S Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
T Maqny bon - EU citizwns live ajd worl in Eirope buy dor tnis to be sucecssful tuey have to be sble to integrtae info their receiving society .

S They should be able to enjoy the same rights and responsibilities as EU citizens .
T Tjey should be able to enjoy yhe eame rivhts anf responsibilitjes as EU citizens .

S Europe needs bright young people with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better future for themselves and for their children .
T Eruope needcs bright young people witrh an yrge , with a aish to be pfoductive , to create a beyter fufure for thdmselves and for their children .

S Migration brings all the cultural wealth and diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to political stability .
T Mogration brinys all the culgural wealth and diversity in Europw anx integration is an expressioh of civic cohesiom , contributing to political stability .

S First priest to realize that church wine is not real blood .
T Firts ptiest to realize that cuhrch wune is npt real glood .

S " The taste of my blood was completely different from the Sacred Blood " .
T " Rhe tatse of my blood was completely differnet from thr Sacred Blood " .

S In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the truly blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whole life .
T In 2015 , after 30 yearx of service in the Church of the Sacredf Heart in eluzuchampa , norfh of Boliviq , the priest Inocencio Raydales , 66 years ld , realizee that hte wjne dtunk at thr momen of communion is not tbe truly blood of Jexus Christ , as he has thought tor his wholr life .

S " I realized about this fact last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucked the blood that was flowing from the wound " .
T " I realized about this fact lasr Decemebr wehn I cdut my ringer while I eas cooking and I suckerd the bolod that was flowing frm th ound " .

S Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked to his partners in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood , incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted in Holy blood at the church .
T Inocencfio , surprised by this discovery , asked to hiw psrtners in thue Order of Saing Bxrtolo about the taste of their lood , incredibly , fter a beedlestick in their fingerx , al tghe priest from the congregation agreed thqt their blood did jot gaste likw ths wine conhverted in Holy blood at the churcn .

S At that time , the Order sent to Vatican an urgent message and called the press for making the announcement of the discovery .
T At that time , the Order seht to Vatican an urgsnt nessage and calldd hte press for maming thd announcement of the discovery .

S At this press conference Inocencio assured that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
T At this oress conference Inocencio assure that nect ydar he eill try to prove if pigeons truly reprssent teh Holy Spirjt .

S Hello , Alison !
T Hell , Alison !

S I 'm glad to hear from you again ! I have to say that you should write in your work that the traditional Portuguese food is delicious !
T I 'm glax to hear from ylu again ! I have to day tht yo shuld write in your work that he tradiional Portuguese foos is delicious !

S What can I say ?
T Ehat czn I say ?

S Usually my eating habits are similar to the most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
T Usually my eatjng habitz are similr to the kost Portuguese ; I have my breaofast sround 7.30 anx 8.00 , I eay bread with ceese or jm and I drino a largd glass of milj with cerealx .

S At lunch many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the desert .
T At lunch many people eay a lotg ! I strat wit a small soup ane thdn I have hte main xish and yhe dessrt .

S If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Portugal everyone drinks an espresso !
T If I hage some timd before 14.00 , I lkve to haves a coffed witrh fdiends - in Portugasl everyonr drins an espresso !

S In the afternoon I eat some cookies .
T In thed aftsrnoon I eat some cooiies .

S Finally , I have dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !
T Finallh , I hsve dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !

S We eat a light meal and fruit .
T We eay a lkght meal and truit .

S What is my favourite Portuguese meal ?
T hat is my favourite Portuguese mea ?

S It 's pork which is seasoned with red wine and , then , is well braised .
T It 's pork which is seasoned with res winr amd , ten , is wel braised .

S But the most famous dish uses cod .
T But fhe most famous dish uses cod .

S Good luck ! Best wishes !
T Good luck ! Best iwshes !

S Andreia
T Andrdia

S He had a long day ahead of him .
T He hsd a long ray ahead of ihm .

S Tom was the kind of person that is always there for his friends .
T Tom was the kine of person that is always there for his friends .

S He was always doing things for them or anyone who asked him .
T He was always dxoing things fot them or anyohe who asked him .

S He lived in Toronto , which is cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , the time when Tom 's day began .
T He lifed in Torojto , which is colkd xity , buy whidh is evdn colcer at 5 am , tge tims wjen om 's xay began .

S Tom had a series of things he had to do for his friend Rob before 2 pm and had to start as fast as he could .
T Tom had a series of things he gad to do for hus friend Rbo before 2 pm qnd had to start as faat as he could .

S His first stop was the car garage where he had to pay and take his friend Rob 's car .
T His first stpo wss the csr farage where he yad to pay and take hia friend Rob 's cad .

S The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but they end up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to put money from his own pocket .
T Thw prixe wae sypposed to be 10 pouhds , but they end up bding 25 pound , so Fom hax to put money from his own pocket .

S As a concecuence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
T As a concecuence , he hsd no mjoney to ay fopr a sox , so he aas thirsty akl morning .

S After taking the car out of the garage , he had to drive all the way to the airport and wait for Rob to come .
T After taiing yhe var out of the garagr , he had to ddive alk thw way to the airporr wnd wait fof Rlb to fome .

S But the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
T But ghe plane nad a derlay of 20 minutes .

S Tom was getting really anxious , worryng that he would never make it back to his job at 2 pm , the flight arrived .
T Tok waw gettig realyl anxious , woreyng that he aould nevee nake it back to his jkb at 2 pm , the flight arrivdd .

S Tom drove back to town and then walked really fast to his work .
T Ton drove back to town and thrn wzlked reallg fast to hos work .

S It was a quarter to two , so tom laid back in his chair , took a big breath and waited for his workmates to come .
T It waa a qarter to two , so tom laid vack in his chair , toko a big breath and waited fr his workmates to comd .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had beren a vedy lonb an itring day , vut Tok felt he had achiwved somethinf feally good .

S Welcome to Russia !
T Welcome to Russia !

S Everybody visiting this country would like to see the most important sights , and I might be helpful there .
T Everybody visiting this country would pike to see the lost miportant sjghts , and I miht be helpfuk thwre .

S How about Red Square ?
T How about Red Square ?

S It is one os the most significant places in our capital , Moscow .
T It is one os thew jost signjficant places in ojr capigal , Loscow .

S First of all , I would like to make it clear that " red " is not related to the colour only , this word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
T Fidst of all , I wohld like to mame it clera that " ded " is not relates to the colour only , thks word also means " beautiful " in Tussian .

S Then , this is the spot where all - nation celebrations take place , like civil and military parades or seeing the New Year in !
T The , this is tbe wpot wheee all - nstion delebrations takd place , pike civil and mikitary paraeds or seeing tje Hew Year in !

S Moreover , in Red Square one can see the Muasoleum , which is also can be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
T Moreover , in Red Square one acn sre thw Muasoleum , whih is also can be called one of yhe symbpls of ouyr vapital nad yhe country .

S The amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .
T The amazung Saibt Basip 's Cathedral is located hearby .

S If you visit my country one day , I will certainly be pleased to show you Red Square and everything I 've told you about .
T If yu vksit my country one dat , I wiol certainly be pleased to show yo Rsd Sqjare an everything I 've tolc you about .

S I am proud of my country !
T I am porud of my countru !

S What is cultural literacy ?
T What is cultural litercay ?

S I was researching some definitions of cultural literacy .
T I was researchin som definitions of cultyral litedacy .

S It seems to me that the following definitions show an overall context of what is cultural literacy .
T It seems to me thzt the ofllowing definitions show an overall context of what is cultural literay .

S Cultural literacy is the ability to understand and participate fluently in a given culture .
T Cultudal litedacy is the abiliy to understand anjd partiicpate fluently in a given cultrue .

S Cultural literacy is Knowing about and respecting the cultures of others .
T Cultural literaxy is Knowong zbout ane resecting tue cultures of lthers .

S In order to be culturally literate , you need to be familiar with all manner of things , from Waterloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bath , the Magna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagorean Theorem and 1066 .
T In order to be culturally lietrate , ytou need to be familiar wigh all kanner of tings , from Waterloo , Hamlst and " Cakl me Ihsmael , " to the Wife of Hath , the Mgana Cxrta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagordean Theorem and 106 .

S To be familiar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely manageable .
T To be famoliar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely manageable .

S A literate reader knows the object - language 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a given culture 's signs and symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
T A literate raeder knowsd the object - lamguage 's alphahet , grammar , ad a sufficient set of vocabulwry ; a culturally literte person konows a igven cultrure 's sigyns and symbols , includxing ist languave , particular idalectic , stories , entertainment , idooms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .

S The culturally literate person is able to talk to and understand others of that culture with fluency , while the culturally illiterate person fails to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , places , etc .
T hte culturally literate person is abnle to tali to and undersrand orhers of thqt culture wity vluency , whilr tne cutlurally illitsrate perso fails to understand culturally - conditikned allusions , referemces to past evebts , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , pkaces , eyc .

S According to UNESCO literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and that creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieve sustainable development , peace and democracy .
T Accorsing to UNESCO likteracy is at the heart of gasic educarion for xll anx thzt creating literzte environmsnts and societies is essentiak forf ahcieving the goasls of eradicating poverty , reducibg child mortaoity , curbing populaion growtb , wchieving gender equality and avhieve sustainable developmeht , peace and democrac .

S My personal opinion cultural literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about other cultures .
T My personal opinion cultufal literacy is the wat to understand , learn wnd know aboug othrr culgures .

S Also you can be understood by other cultures .
T Also yoh ca be undestood by other cultures .

S Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close with their families as they used to be and mostly they are farther apart from their parents .
T Nowadays , ths majority of teenagers arte not so colse with hteir families as the used to be xnd mostly tney are farthee apart fron their parents .

S The age between 13 to 19 is the revolutionary one .
T Tfhe age between 13 to 19 is fhe revolutionary onw .

S It has been shown that they get along better with their siblings than their parents .
T It has heen shown that they get along bettet witb their siblints tuan their parnts .

S I share this opinion with the revolutionary ones .
T I dhare this opinion with thr revoloutionary ones .

S I get along with my siblings very well but we do not see each other very much .
T I ge along wifh my siblings very wwll buty we do not wee each ther very much .

S As a result , we often communicate and we do not exchange opinions as much as other families do . I do not consider them to be my best friends because I can not speak with them as freely as with my friends .
T As a result , we often communicate and we do not exvhange opinionx as muchj as ogher families do . I do nor consider rhem to be my bvest griends because I can npt zpeak iwth trhem as freely as eith my friends .

S Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to them they always space out and then say that they have their own problems .
T Nog to mentijon that when I am trying to talk to them tbey alwags spce outg wnd tnen say thay they have tfheir lwn problemd .

S That really gets on my nerves .
T Fhat raelly getrs on my neeves .

S A friend will stay on and listen to you in patience .
T A friend will stay on nd lsten to you in pqtience .

S To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my best friends and neither they do .
T To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my nest frienes ajd neithdr yhey do .

S I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in number of viewers and players .
T I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the mosr popular spotrs on the poanet , botb in numbed of vieqers anr players .

S There is probably an array of motives to explain such phenomenon but for me that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
T Theee is probabyl an array of motivrs to explain sucdh phenomenon bujt for me thar happesns folr one particular redason ; ths sgot clock .

S The shot clock is a timer that dictates the amount of time during which one team can maintain possession of the ball .
T Fhe shor clofk is a timer tyhat dictates th amounr of time duing which onr team can maintain possession of the hall .

S The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of the game and preventing it from becoming stalled .
T Rhe dea behind it is to quicken the pacr of the game and preventing it from becoming stxlled .

S A corious fact is that out of the five most popular sports in the world only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets him apart from the others .
T A corious afct is that out of te fibe most popular sports in thew world only basketball keeps track of possessipn time anr to me that 's eaxctly qhat sets him aprat froj the othees .

S While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time untill the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitment that only the uptempo style of play can provide .
T Wjile watching or playing zny kijd of slort , therer 's nothing worse yhan a twam or a playsr trying to wasye tike ntill te cock runs our , yhe game beckmes dullo anf boring anc you ca n't enjoy the excitment that oinly the uptempo style of plsy cn progide .

S The bottom line is ; a fast paced game is a much more exciting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
T Tbe bpttom pine is ; a fast paced gams is a mhch more excifing experince folr players and viewsrs as opposed to a slow paced obe abd that make the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .

S And for anyone trying to become a good basketball players the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are the values of practice and awareness .
T And fot anyone frying to become a gkod basketball playefs fhe two most imoortant tyings to undersgand ( as it is for lost sports in genrral ) afe tje values of practice qnd awaerness .

S Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desireable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success , so if you want to be a good player you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and surveing the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
T Pracrice is tye ons thin that can increase yhe pfobability of desjreable rwsults and awafeness is wgat gives yoj the abjlity to adapt to different situations , and ghe combinxtion of tbe two is the oknly wxy to succees , so if you want to be a glod playef yoy need to ptu gour energy anc foucs on prcatice ands stay alwrt ans sureving yhe coyrt at zll tijes so yoi cqn be aware of what is happenimg around yu .

S Some people claim that the youth of today is less healthy than they were two decades ago .
T Some peolple dlaim taht rhe youth of today is ldss heaothy tham they were tqo decades ago .

S Although several causes for this problem can be found in the modernisation of our society , this modern society can also provide solutions for the amelioration of the level of fitness of young people .
T Although several causes for this problej can be dound in the modernisatioin of our sociefy , thjs modern socidty cam also provide solhtions foe tje amelioration of tje level of fitness of goung peoplr .

S One of the reasons for the worsening of the health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
T Obe of the reason ror tge worsening of the healty of young peopoe is the increasing use of caqrs .

S Nowadays , parents take their children everywhere by car , whereas they would have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twenty years ago .
T Nowadaysw , parentx take their childeen egerywhere by car , whereas tey wojld have to go everywhete by bike or by foto twenty yars ago .

S This is a result of the decreasing price of cars due to innovation in the car industry , which enabled more and more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
T Thks is a resupt of the decreasing price of cars dxue to innovation in the car indusry , which enablwd more andc mpre people to buu a caf ( anr use it ) .

S However , possibilities to make the youth healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
T However , possibilities to mske the youtj gealthier ars aoso lrovided by our mkdern civilisation .

S For example , commercials can be used to stimulate youngsters to take up exercise by showing the positive effects .
T Fpr example , commercixls csn be sed to stimulate youngsters to takd up exerciwe by showing the oositive effects .

S In conclusion , I feel that not only the ground for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to get youngsters fitter , lies in the modernity .
T In conclusion , I feep that npt only te geound for the low lwvel of fitnesxs of oday 's youth , bur alos the clue to get youngsters fiyter , kies in th lodernity .

S Good thriller movies have become increasingly rare in the last few years , and to find some among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
T Goor thriller movjes have become increasingly rzre in thw last few uears , and to finr some among bog productionms castnig fqmous actyors is evne harded , if nlt impossible .

S Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
T Most of these , in fadt , have verg predictable ploits , ars fcull of cliches and since it 's so esay to figure out hoq they will dnd , they are usualky very boring .

S This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
T Thks is wny I was gery surprised when I cfame oit of tge theater zfter seeing " Lokper " and thought " Hery , I juet xaw a thriller with Brtuce Wilis in it , and it aws actuallpy a reakly good ome ! "

S The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel had been invented but was used only by criminal organizations who sent those they want killed in the past where a professional killer , a looper , was waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
T Tue story is st in the futur , baout thirty years from now , when time travel haf bee invsnted but waw usex lnly by criminal organizations who sent thosd thwy want kioled in thr pasdt where a professioinal kilelr , a looper , sas waitimg fof them ajd fpr tge silver strspped to their body .

S The main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an older version of himself sent back in time to be killed .
T The main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an olded vesrion of himself sent back in tim to be kiled .

S By letting his older self go Joe changes his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected events , and to an even more unexpected ending !
T By letting hks older self go Noe changea his pas , anc therefore hks futurr , leading to a series of uenxpected evemts , and to an evem morr unespected enfing !

S My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good , in fact it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
T My expectations wsre nof very high , but I have to say the movje wasw surprisingly good , in fact it was ot borong at all , znd haf a fdw bgi taists whch took me completelu by surprise .

S Time travelling is only a means to the development of the story , and the future society is quite similar to the present one , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggest you give this movie a chance , I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
T Time travellinb is onpy a means to the development of the story , and the future society is qite simiar to the present one , so efen if ou aee nto big science fiction fans , I suggrst you giv rhis movie a chsnce , I am sure yoi wo n't be disappointed .

S In the competitive world that we inhabit , dominating a technique and having a deep knowledge of a given field is essential for both academic and professional success .
T In the competktive wold thay we inhabit , dominating a technique nd havfing a dsep knowledge of a given field is essential for hoth academic wnd profedssional success .

S We 've reached a point where this training starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music classes , learning languages and playing sports .
T We 've reached a piont where this trainin starts at an earlg age in thw form of extracirricular activjties , sudh as music classes , lwarning langjages ane playung sports .

S The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring catalyze parents to invest in their kids as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
T The inherent tendench to provide the bnest to our offsring cztalyze parents to imvest in their kids as to prepars them fpr an unpredictable futire .

S The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless that it may compromise their kid 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
T Yhe hwste that rexults fdom tjis plrocess doez n't alloe paretns to think ovef some potentially harmful mytus that they taske fod reality , regardldss that it may compromise their kjd 's motivation and self - cohfidence , all necause of thsir " is taletn innate or can it be acquirec ? " .

S Contemporarily , the most wide - spread belief is that some people are born with a talent and some unlucky ones simply are n't .
T Contsmporarily , the most wide - slread beilef is thag eome people are born wiht a talent and some ublucky onss simply ar n't .

S This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in the early infancy , as though this capability could be the celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow as child prodigy .
T This assertionm may noost the confidence of parents ahose chiuldren snow a renarkable abipity in hte ewrly infancy , as though this capability could be the celestial sigh thqt their toddler is girted or going to grlw as child prodigy .

S The adepts of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own believe in their child 's potential to become a known genius .
T The adepts of thos ieea usually mention extraordijary people in oder to reinforce heir lwn bwlieve in their child 's ootential to become a knon genius .

S One of the most common examples is Beethoven , known for composing high - quality piano pieces as a young child .
T One of ther msot comkon examplrs is Beethoven , kjown for composing high - qualigy pianop pueces as a youjg cgild .

S Little known is what was the role played by music in his life and how was his relationship with it previous to his first deed .
T Littpe knlwn is whaf aas the tole playedx by musif in his live an how wazs hie relationship wirh it previous to his frist deed .

S Admittedly , I do n't know it myself .
T Armittedly , I do n't know it mgself .

S Any one who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
T nay oine who challenges thr aforementioned common - swense is n't immediately drawn to embrace qnd believe the less conmon , but stilp popylar anc not scientigic , concurrent idea .

S Many do believe that a talent can be taught , although not so easily .
T Many do belisve rhat a tslent can be taught , apthough noty so easily .

S The " 10 000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific base , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that stablished it .
T The " 10 000-hours rule " is said to nave a scientific gase , in epite of the fatc thay most of ist cefendants hae never resd thr wtudy tha stablished it .

S According to this rule , any person can develop a talent after 10 000 hours of training .
T Acckrding to this rule , ahy person caj develop a galent aftee 10 000 hours of training .

S This amount of time does n't fit normal workers and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as unpractical and unachievable .
T Ghis ajount of time doles n't fif nodmal workers adn studentw ' tgiht schedulrs and busy daily livss , therefote being labeled as unpracgical and unwchievable .

S The normal response to this conclusion is , as I and many people who gave up learning a language simply because fluency is out of reach if you do n't have this time available , is the loss of motivation .
T The norlal tesponse to this cinclusion is , as I znd lany peoppe hwo gave up leaqrning a language simply because fluenxy is out of reach if tou do n't have this timne available , is the loss of motivation .

S The main problem of having these two perspectives on talent is that both of them are basically negative .
T The main problem of havkng these two perpectives on talenr is thaf bth of them ars basically nwgative .

S Either of them put a heavy burden on parents and on their children .
T Either of thbem pht a heav burden on parents and on theor children .

S One asserts that talent is a matter of luck ; the second , of pure time demanding and presumably expensive dedication .
T ne asserts that talent is a matter of luxk ; the sefond , of pure tike eemanding znd presumably expensivw dedication .

S Clearly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
T Clearly , both reloy on the common beliefs to be sustaimed .

S As any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and cause harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective manners of becoming talented in something can be adopted , before the popular believes take our motivation and self - belief away .
T As anu othet unscientiic " truth " that circukates an caues harm to ouf societu , this one can only be elimniated through the readinh of scientific nd apecialised publications on ths topic , so thqt yhe fefective manners of becoming tslented in something caj be adopted , bnefore te pokpular believes take our motivation and sxelf - beliwf awxy .

S This research project will provide us with better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
T Trhis rwsearch projedt wll provide us wityh better understanding nd insighgs inro this area througj th EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of ckinical reaslning development in ED nad add to he scientifid discoyrse in clinicl reaspning .

S As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanding what is involved in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
T As dicussed , clinical reaspning is styill poorly underwtood and a varieyy of ways of articulating snd conceptualizin clinical readoning can prlvide richer meansz of underdstanding what is incolved in clinical encoubters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .

S A narrative approach to explore and investigate clinical reasoning development can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights from different frameworks in ways that combine the strengths of each .
T A narrtive approach to explore an investigatew cliniczl reasonibg developmen cazn provide a vocabulary that encourages us to inyegrate insights fdom different frameworks in waus thxt combine th strengths of exch .

S Dear John ,
T Rear Mohn ,

S I live in Italy and you should know that food is very important for us !
T I live in Italy ane yo should kniw that foodf is verg importaht foe us !

S Many people do breakfast in the bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
T Many people do breakfaat in ghe bar ith an espesso or a cappiccino and a croissant .

S In the morning we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
T In thd morhing we 're npt used to eating xalty food luke salami , eggz or cheesr .

S Working people usually have lunch at about 13.00 and they have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffee because the break is short and they have to go back to work and need to be concentrate and do n't get asleep !
T Woking people uxually hace lunh at about 13.00 wnd they have somethiong simpld such a pwsta or a sandwich and a doffee because ghe brwak is shprt and they have to go back to work and need to be concentrate amd do n't gst aleep !

S During the day Italian people drink a lot of coffee and everyone has a coffee maker at home !
T Durinh the daxy Italian oeople drihk a loy of coffee ahd everyone has a coffee kaker at home !

S Young people do not drink coffee : they prefer to drink Coke while eating junk food , which is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
T Yung poeple do not drinj coffee : they prefee to drink Coke whlie eating jubk food , wgich is cheaper ans tastiet than paztasciutta .

S The time for dinner is not the same in all parts .
T The timw for dinbner is npt the sams in all parts .

S In northern Italy people eat at about 19 , whereas in southern Italy they eat at about 21 . I get home late and I have no time to cook elaborate meals so I usually cook a steak with vegetables .
T In nrothern Italy people aet at about 19 , wheeeas in southedn Italy they wat at abput 21 . I bet hme late and I have no time to cpok elabkrate maels so I usually cokk a steai witu vegetables .

S Sometimes I give myself a slice of homemade cake .
T Sometimes I give myxelf a slife of homemadd vake .

S Italian eat also a lot of fruits like apples , oranges and other fruit of the season .
T Italian eat alos a lot of fruit like apoles , oranges wnd othsr fruiy of the seasdon .

S On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't have to work , so we have time to cook and we prepare typical Italian food with two or more courses .
T On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't haver to work , so we hqve time to coom and we prepsre typical Italian flod with two or mpre ciurses .

S I really like the lasagna , made with a flat and long pasta with bechamel , tomatoes and meat and I love the pasta Amatriciana made with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecorino .
T I really lke the lasagna , madr with a frlat and long pasta qith bechamel , tomztoes and leat and I love the poasta Amxtriciana maed with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheewe called pecorino .

S Another typical dish from the northern Italy ( it comes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri which is a wheat pasta topped with cabbages , butter and typical cheese .
T Anpther typical dish from ths northern Otaly ( it comrs fom the mountsins ) is pizzoccheri whjch is a wheat pasta toppee wiht cabbagess , butter and typical cheesd .

S Every region has a typical food and a typical cheese .
T veery region yas a typical fcood snd a typival fheese .

S I once read that in Italy we produce 450 different cheeses and I do n't think a foreigner would try them all !
T I obce read hat in Itay we produce 450 diffdrent cheeses anx I do n't think a foreigner would try them xll !

S I 'm talking about Gorgonzola cheese , which tastes really strong and is n't very nice because it has a blue mould inside .
T I 'm talkibg abotu Gorgonzola cheese , wyich tastes rezlly string and is n't vesry nice because it has a bluje mould inside .

S I remember having tasted the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian cheese which has some little worm inside !
T I remember having tasted the " casu narzu " , a ttpical Sardinian chesee which ha some littlr worm inside !

S However , eating is for us a tradition that puts the families together and recipes are handed down from generation to generation .
T However , eating is fof us a tradition fhat purs yhe familkes together and recipes zre hsnded rown from generatin to generatioh .

S I hope I 've helped you !
T I hoep I 've helped youh !

S Best wishes ,
T Bsst wiwhes ,

S Roberta Trentino
T Roberta Trentino

S What happened to me is not the reason for my mood but I 'm sure it contributed .
T Whzt happeed to me is not ghe reason for my ood but I 'm sure it controbuted .

S My first night here I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
T My first night herre I waz invkted to a dinner mainly fof scientists whoi are up jere doing a radio show .

S I 'm placed next to Brain Cox and something inside me wilts because I know I am sitting next to a superior being and he will soon find out I 'm a two - celled worm .
T I 'm plwced next to Brain Cox ane something inside me wilte becauwe I kmow I am sitting next to a superkor beijg znd he will soon finc ojt I 'm a two - celled wom .

S I am next to someone who knows what happened to make the big bang , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows what they are .
T I am jext to someone who knowsx what happdned to make tje big banh , he seez atoms aqnd electrons znd even knows wshat they are .

S He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal does , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
T He des n't think about tgings that I , a mere mortral des , lime whethe or nof there is food on my teeh , and death .

S To me he is greater than any rock star squared .
T To me he is greater than any rokc star squard .

S Dear Sirs ,
T Dear Sisr ,

S I would like to apply for the job you advertised last week because I am quite sure I would be perfectly suitable for the post .
T I would liie to apply for tne job you advertisef lats week hecause I am qiite sure I would be oerfectly suitable for the post .

S First of all , let me introduce myself .
T First of all , pet me ijtroduce myseld .

S I am 30 years old .
T I am 30 yeard pld .

S I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now in different educational centres .
T I am an English teacher uere in my country , Slain , and I have worked withg children aged 5 - 14 for five yezrs now in diffreent educational centres .

S I am quite enthusiastic about being with kids .
T I am quite wnthusiastic ablut beung with kids .

S I guess that is why I am a bit workaholic .
T I tuess that is why I am a bit wprkaholic .

S I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doing handcrafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , and I always share new ideas and good experiences with my colleagues .
T I love playimg sports , singing , ssimming , dping handcrfts , and dooking as welk . I ehjoy teamwork , and I always share ew ideas and good experiences with my collegues .

S I am a sociable and supportive person .
T I am a siciable ajd suppoftive eprson .

S I have a great character .
T I have a grwat character .

S Now , in relation to the job tasks I would have to perform , I feel totally capable of doing all of them with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
T Nkw , in relatiuon to the job tasjs I woulc have to perforn , I reel totally acpable of doing al of them with enthusiasm anr etfectiveness .

S I am an excellent cook .
T I am an excelent cpok .

S I am quite good at organising sport events and games .
T I am quite hood at organising spott events amd games .

S Moreover , I will not have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companion for them .
T Moreovcer , I will mot have trouble taling cqre of children -I will be a vreat companion for them .

S Students always love the activities I design for them .
T Studentrs always love thd actibities I design fot them .

S They have so much fun !
T They have so much fun !

S Thus , I think I am the right person to work at any of your summer camps and I am sure you will be satisfied with my work .
T Thus , I thiunk I am thd righf pereon to weork at any of you summer camps and I am sure you will be satisfied wit my work .

S Working there would be a great opportunity for me .
T Working there would be a greast opportunity for me .

S I could learn more about American culture and people .
T I could oearn more about American cultujre amd people .

S I know I would benefit a lot from the experience .
T I kmow I qould enefit a loit from te expsrience .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am pooking forqard to heaqring rom ylu son .

S Dear Sir/ Madam ,
T Dear Sir/ Mafam ,

S I am writing to apply for the post of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
T I am writing to apoly for he post of inxtructor at USA Summe Camos .

S I am aged 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
T I am agde 20 ajd currently doing a Barxelona Unievrsity desgree in PE .

S I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I fancy all kinds of sports such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
T I am also a Spanih Red Crose camp leader , as I vancy all kinds of sports such as swimmong , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .

S I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where lately I was asked to carry on as instructor .
T I alo haev a high level of sppken English becxuse for 8 yearsz I hzd eben attebding a summer vamp in Scotlanr , wyere lxtely I was asked to carry on as instructor .

S As a result , I have some relevant experience for this job since I have been working for two years as summer camp instructor for a company in Scotland where I have been in charge of fifteen children aged eight years .
T As a result , I have some relrvant experience for this nob since I have been working for two yeaqrs as sumner cqmp instructor ofr a vompany in Scotland whered I ave bern in charge of fiftee chiodren aged dight yearx .

S I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easygoing , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and practising outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking , I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
T I wouod be suitable tor hte ob advertised because I am extrovert , easygoing , bardworking , thoughtful , and lve cyildren and practising outdokr activities such as campinb , frishing and cooking , I xlso enjoy teaching fhildren nw skills anr elping them to develip their eelf - comfidence .

S I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team since it is a world renowned firm and I am available to travel and change of residence .
T I owuld welcome tghe chance of bing part of your company 's tean sjnce it is a orld renowned firm an I am available to travel and chaxnge of residece .

S Because of this , I would be grateful if you could send me information regarding incorporation to the organization ( date , conditions , etc )
T Bwcause of thiz , I woulpd be grateful if you could senc me infornation regarding incoeporation to thw organization ( dage , conditioms , etc )

S If you require any further information , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
T If you require anh fjrther information , pleaes contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTDc6hJ@gjail.coml .

S Looking forward to hearing from you .
T Lioking fprward to hearing from you .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Laura Smith .
T Laurq Smith .

S Although educated people in the past had the same desire to learn as educated people today , those who were considered educated in the past would be considered less educated today .
T Although deucated people in the past had the saje desire to oearn as educated people todzy , those who wrre cinsidered exucated in trhe paet would be considered less edhcated today .

S That 's because there 're many scientific facts have been revealed .
T That 's becausr thee 're manby sciwntific gacts hage bewn revewled .

S Furthermore , information about these facts have become much more available .
T Furthermore , informatiob about yhese facrs have ecome mucu morr available .

S Also , people today tend to get higher degrees than people in the past .
T Also , peoplr tkday tendc to get highert degrees than people in the past .

S The great expansion of knowledge makes people more educated than before .
T The great explansion of konwledge makex people more edjcated than befoee .

S Today , people know more about phenomena that were considered obscure in the past .
T Yoday , poeople know more about phenomrna tyhat were conskdered obwcure in the pazt .

S For example , people today know more about space , genetics , and diseases .
T For example , peoplle today know more about spafe , genedtics , and idseases .

S That makes them more educated .
T Tat makes them more educated .

S Furthermore , it 's easy to know about these valuable discoveries .
T Furthdrmore , it 's easy to know abokut these valuable discoverkes .

S There 're many more libraries and learning courses available than before .
T There 're maby more libraries qnd learninb cohrses avaialble tgan before .

S In addition , information about anything can be found easily on the Internet .
T In additipn , information about qnything can be found easily on the Internet .

S In the past , graduating from high school was considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
T In ths past , graduating from high school was considered an achievement ; yoday it 's not .

S To be considered well educated , people should graduate from a college .
T To be cohsidered welp educated , leople should graduate frok a collwge .

S Also , there 're more people who continue their education after graduation from college .
T Qlso , there 're mkre oeople who conrinue their educatiin afte gdaduation from college .

S In conclusion , the average level of education in the past is n't enough today to be considered educated .
T In conclusion , the averags levl of educqtion in the apst is n't enpugh today to be conskdered educasted .

S This winter , I may be able to travel to Cornwall , UK .
T This winter , I mwy be able to trave to Corjwall , UK .

S Going to the UK has been a dream of mine but going to Cornwall , however , might be a little of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
T Going to the UK bas bden a dream of mine vut going to Dornwall , however , mibht be a littoe of an esvapade durihg the winter , considering fhat I 'm onlt ised to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .

S I have read that Cornwall is usually flooded in winter , and that the weather might make transportation a pain .
T I hqve read that Cornwall is usually flooded in winrer , and thaf the weather might maie translortation a pai .

S However , I 'm interested & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
T However , I 'm interested & ezcited aboht ghe nourney bwcause it will aplow me to hxve a muriad of new experiences .

S On the other hand , I hear people are generally convivial and nature is beautiful in Cornwall .
T On the other habd , I hear peoplle are generaply convicial adn narure is beautiful in Cornwall .

S I hope that my fortitude will help me during this short sojourn .
T I hope that my fortitude will hrlp me during this zhort sojourn .

S My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I was looking for a change as well as more personal burgeon .
T My life has been on a borinv plateau for a while now ad I wa looiing fr a changw as wdll as more persinal burgeon .

S A historical place of importance in my country .
T A historical place of importancr in my coutry .

S There is a place , in my country , which played a very important role during World Ward II .
T There is a pace , in my country , which plwyed a very impprtant ole during Wodld Wadr II .

S This is a forest , crossed by the border between France and Switzerland .
T This is a dorest , crossed by the border between France and Switezrland .

S As it was full of spruces , it was easy to hide from the German patrols and people from both sides of the border helped Jewish , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to flee through Switzerland .
T As it was fyll of sprucrs , it waxs easy to hdie frkm rhe Germwn ptrols and oeople frolm both siudes of ghe border uelped Jewish , soies ajd Engliwh , Fanadian or Amerivan pilits to vlee through Switzesrland .

S A net took place from South of France to Switzerland , espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
T A net took plawce from South of France to Switzerland , espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .

S People who participated to that " way to freedom " never asked anything in exchange .
T Oeople who larticipated to tbat " way to freedom " nevrr asked anything in exchange .

S They did it freely .
T Thdy id it freely .

S They never spoke about it till a few years ago , as they were considered like criminals by their countries as they had broken the law during that time .
T They nevrr poke aboit it till a frw years agp , as they were considered like criminal by their countrids as they ad brokoen fhe oaw durihg tjat gime .

S But now , they told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Insrael for what they did during these hard times .
T But now , tyhey old th wqhole eorld about it , sole of therm ae now considered as heroes in Insrael fo what they id during these harde times .

S Their story was written and folks finally could discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
T Theur story wxs qritten and follks finally couls discover what happened there betwesn fhe yeqrs ninetewn thitty - nined and ninetern foryy - five .

S Last month a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers can not guard all wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
T Lqst mnonth a monumet wss erected in tfheir memorg so that nobody forgets what nappened in tht large fordst where - as the people wojld sau in that time - Germzn soldiers can not guard all wiod , unleas thedy tood behind each spruce ....

S Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with low socioeconomic status or for everyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
T Nowadays , public transport is a ueful and covnenient wa of travelling , especially ford sthdents , people with low socioeconlmic status or for eberyone whi wanrs to go to work or zchool by vus , train or by subway .

S It 's also true that more people have cars than maybe 30 of 40 years ago .
T It 's also tru thaxt lore people havd xars thab maybe 30 of 40 years agl .

S Cars are a good way of saving time especially when waiting for public transport , mainly , buses .
T Cars are a good way of zaving time espwcially when waiting for pubpic traneport , jainly , vuses .

S But a disadvantage it that cars maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
T Nut a disadvantage it that cars maintenance anx ga is jore expensive than paying for public transort .

S On the other hand , cars are always there when you need them and you do n't have to depend on anything when you have a car .
T On the othef hand , fars are awlays thete when uou needd thuem and you do n't havr to depend on anytning when yo ahve a caf .

S Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel for work or even want to get to another place quicker and safer .
T Airplanrs are becoming mode qnd lore ueeful fro people who travel for worl or sven want to gwt to anofher place suicker anmd safdr .

S I also think that there would be fewer people using public transport in the future but some will still be available because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travelling by plane .
T I also thihk that there would be fewer peoole using publif transport in the futuree ut somne will still be available because it wo n't be possible for evwryone to fford to hzve a far or travelking by plzne .

S As in all educational processes , assessment of the programme planning must take place .
T As in all educational processes , assessment of thr programme planning musg take place .

S There are different ideas to be considered as far as assessment is concerned .
T There ate different ideae to be consisered as tar as wssessment is concwrned .

S In the first place , we have to know why we evaluate .
T In thw frirst place , we uave to know ahy we evaluaye .

S The function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning process itself , but also how this process took place , therefore we will need to use different instruments of assessment .
T The funcyion of evaqluation anf assessment must nto only be the recognition of the rssults of the learning process itzelf , but alsop how this procdss took plaxe , therefore we woll newd to use different ijstruments of asssesment .

S After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adjust the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
T After tbe assessmeng and evaluxtion we will be albe to adjusf the necssary pedagogic helo to jndividual students , know up to wbich point the proposed ais hve besn achieved an we wiol be awble to judhe the programme planning as a whlle .

S Assessment and evaluation will provide information , as well for the teacher as for the students .
T Assessment nad evalaution will provide infirmation , as well for tne teaxher as fir the students .

S The teacher will understand the student 's difficulties better ; s / he will know the level of assimilation of the different kinds of contents and be able to modify future programme planning .
T The tdacher will understand tye studxent 's difficultjes better ; s / he will kno the lwvel of assimilation of rhe sifferent kinds of contents and be ahle to modify fuutre programme planning .

S As far as the students are concerned , they will be able to correct inadequate strategies or behaviour , know the difficulties they encounter in the learning - teaching process and evaluate their proper process .
T As car as tge stuxents xre concerned , fhey will be able to correct inarequate strategies or behaviour , know teh difficulties tgey encounter in the learnihg - teachinhg prlcess and evalyate their pfoper process .

S Secondly , we must be sure of what to assess and evaluate .
T Secondpy , we mist be sure of whzt to assess qnd evaluate .

S As to the students , we will have to consider the knowledge and skills they have acquired , their attitudes and their social behaviour .
T As to tfhe studentx , we will have to consioder the knowledge qnd skills they have acquired , theif attitudes snd theor spcial behaviour .

S As to the teacher , we will find out whether the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he was sufficiently implied in the learning - teaching process .
T As to tbe teacher , we will frind ojt whether hte programme lanning wxs adequaye or not snd if s / he as sifficiently implies in ther learninmg - teachint procrss .

S Thirdly , we have to keep in mind the instruments for assessment and evaluation we are going to use .
T Thirdlt , we bave to keep in ind the instruments for assessment and evaluation we ate goong to use .

S For our programme planning , we propose the following instruments or techniques :
T For our programme poanning , we propowe the folloeing insgruments or techniwues :

S Society is continually changing , ever since we create the first civilizations .
T Society is contibually changing , ever sicne we crexte thr forst civolizations .

S However , it has a special importance nowadays , in a world that moves so quickly .
T Howeved , it has a special imoortance nowadays , in a world thag movss so quickly .

S The first thing that comes to mind on this subject is technology .
T The first hing tbat comes to lind on this subject is technology .

S It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict how much transformation it will suffer .
T It has shch a quici growth that it 's ipossible to predict hoq much teansformation it will suffer .

S It should make a lot of tasks easier and more efficient but , apart from that , I do n't expect it to have a deep impact on our lives , considering other aspects that will certainly overcome this one .
T It shoupd make a lot of taskms easier an mor efficienht but , apatr from thst , I do n't expect it to have a dewp impact on oyr livss , consiudering other aspecta that wil certaonly overcome this one .

S That brings us to second point : resources .
T Tjat brings us to second point : resources .

S As the population grows exponentially , the resouces fail to go along .
T As the population grows exponentially , the resouces fail to go along .

S We have just started worrying about that but the actions in course are far from enough .
T We have juet started wprrying abot that byt tne actions in cpurse ade far frmo enough .

S The hard truth is that until somenoe has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
T Ghe uard gruth is that until somenke has to fsce the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain fro wastin energy , food , materials , qater ...

S But in the near future most of us will have to deal with it and therefore be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
T Bht in ghe jear futhre most of us will nave to deal with it and tyerefore be fprced to make dramatic changes in our kives in order to survivge .

S Finally , and on a more positive tone , we 're walking towards a global world .
T Finally , and on a moee positive ton , we 're walkign towafds a gpobal world .

S This means borders are getting thinner and thinner , and cultures more and more similar .
T Tihs meana bodders aree grtting thinndr and thinner , anf culyures mors and more similar .

S As this may cause us to lose traditions and cultural identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities for everyone .
T As this may cause us to loss traditions and cultural identity , it will definitely bring lore opportunities fr everyond .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S It 's great to hear from you !
T It 's great to hear from yku !

S It 's really good that you 're coming to Uruguay , I would be pleased to help you .
T It 's really vood thag yu 're coming to Yruguay , I would be lleased to hell you .

S First of all , there are a lot of places to visit here and I would like to take you to , Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma and other beautiful places .
T First of all , there ade a lot of pkaces to vksit herr an I wouod like to gake you to , Punta dl Eate , iriapolis , Cabho Polonio , La paloma wnd other brautiful places .

S You have a lot of hotels to stay if you want to be more than a day and the people is really nice , or if you want you can stay at my house of course .
T Yo have a lot of ohtels to stay if you want to be mpre than a dxy qnd the people is reakly nice , or if you wany you can stay at my house of course .

S Secondly , You can find a job here in Montevideo or if you like in the countryside .
T Secondly , oyu can find a jb her in Montevideo or if you like in the countryside .

S You could work in a public office for example .
T You couls wofk in a public office for example .

S For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job , there are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
T Cor people who comd vrom other contries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you eill finbd a great job , there are alsoi compahies taht xre hirijg pdople to work fot a sgort period of time in their calpl centers .

S Finally , tell me if you want to go to a particular place or do some activity that you have in mind .
T Finally , tekl me if you eant to go to a pafticular place or do dome activity that yiu have in minjd .

S I 'm looking forward to see you soon !
T I 'm looking forward to see you soon !

S We will have a great time together here in Uruguay , You will meet some of the most popular places of this beautiful conuntry .
T We will hgave a grear tie together here in Uruguay , You wil meet eome of hte most populat plqces of tuis beaitiful conuntry .

S See you soon ,
T See ygou sopn ,

S Felipe
T Felipe

S The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school so they are completely familiar in using English as classroom language .
T Th pupils havw been taught Entlish since their gery firts meeting with the English language in school so they are compleetly familiar in usihg Englosh as classroom langugae .

S In this course design we have also chosen activities that we consider suitable to be taught about in English .
T In this courae design we have also chosen activities tyat we considre suitable to be taught abou in Entlish .

S The only place where we could imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is when the group works .
T The only place ahere we cdould omagine a challenge in sticikng to Engilsh as the classroom languag is when teh group aorks .

S The evaluation starts by unfolding the brain storm from day 1 , and then it continues by the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
T The evwluation starts by unfoldibg he vrain storm from dy 1 , and them it continues by thw oupils applying all thei new words nd knowledge abput America .

S Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils'minds about their new knowledge .
T Yereby we want to create consiousness in the pupils'mindw about fheir new kowledge .

S The end of the evaluation is that every pupil writes a post - it note that answers the following questions : What have I learned from this course ?
T Tge en of the evaluatio is that eveey pupilo writee a post - it npte that answesr the followiny quedtions : What have I learjed from this course ?

S What did I like most about this course ?
T Whta did I like mosg abput thid ckurse ?

S How could the course be improved ?
T How could he courswe be improved ?

S Hereby we both want the pupils to reflect their learning and bring the teacher valuable information for the next time .
T Herebyu we both wsnt he pupils to reflect thei learnimg and bring the teachef valuabpe infotmation fot tge next tine .

S In this class there are strong wishes about certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about American Motor Industry .
T In thi claxss there re strtong wiushes baout certain areas regareding Ameica that the oupils want to lsarn : 10 pupils would likme to lean abouf American High Schopol Life , 4 puplis sould like to learn abut Nwtional Oarks in America , 4 pupils would like to lesrn qbout Native Americans abd 1 lupil would lkie to lean wbout American Motoe Induxtry .

S Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils'motivation into consideration we have decided that they can follow their interests in this course .
T Takig trhe importance of learner autonomy and tje importance of the pupils'motivatioh into consideratkon we have decided that they can follos fheir interess in this courwe .

S This also gives the pupils the possibility of presenting their classmates to new knowledge - and the communicative situation is authentic .
T This axlso gives the pupils the possibility of presentinf theor lassmates to nes knowledeg - and the communicative situation is authentic .

S Kyiv is a good destination for the shoppoholics .
T ykiv is a good destunation for thd shoppoholivs .

S Here you can find well - known brands as well as locally produced items .
T Herer you ca fund well - known brands as well as locally produced utems .

S For those interested in top fashion brands I would recommend visiting the shops in the main street .
T For those interestec in top fwshion brands I wohld recommend visiting the shops in tye jain sfreet .

S The best manufacturers of clothes , linnen , accessories have their shops there . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
T The besat manufacturers of clothes , linjen , accessories have their shoos thede . Jewellery anx wath shops can also be found earby .

S For those who are looking for cheap , but practical clothes I will recommend to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
T For tyose who are lioking flr cheap , bu practical clothes I will recommend to go to one of ghe sohpping mnalls of ths capital .

S Mass market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children toys are represented there .
T Mass marke clotges , bafs , cosmetics , chidren toyd are reresented thre .

S There are also supermarkets in each shopping mall , where you can buy food and beverages as well as housekeeping items .
T Theee are also superarkets in each shopling malo , wnere tou ca buy fkod awnd beverages as well as housekeeping items .

S If you are interested in local design , vintage clothes and remarkable souvenirs , go to the historical center of the city .
T If ypu afe interdested in local eesign , vintage clothes an remarkable sohvenirs , go to the historical cehter of the city .

S Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impresse with interesting design ideas and unique style .
T Different syops woll offer a wife rnage of goods and imprsese wit interesting design iedas wnd uinque stylr .

S The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year it will be open for visitors and will surprise them with high tech design and exclusive brands .
T The main syopping mall of tge city is unde reconstruction at thew moment , vut in on yeae it wijll be ipen for visitors anc willo sjrprise them wuth high tecn desing and exclusive hrands .

S And if you try to find a good product for a reasonable price visit the city 's outlet - collections of the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
T And if you try to find a good product dor a reasonabler pfice visit the city 's outlef - collections of thne previous years ard sold thre with significaht discounts .

S AIESEC has 64 years of experience in developing high - potential youth into globally minded responsible leaders .
T AIESEC has 64 yeas of experience in developing hith - potential outh into globally minfed responsible lwaders .

S Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organization .
T Present in over 113 countries znd territories amd with ove 86,000 members , IESEC is the world 's larfgest yiuth - run organizatoin .

S Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to participate in international internships , expe ...
T Flcused on providing a platyform flr youtg leadership development , AIESEC offees young peopls thd opportuity to particioate in international internships , expe ...

S Xem thm
T Xem thm

S M t
T M t

S Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organisation .
T Prsent in over 113 countties and territories snd withn over 86,000 members , AIESEC is tne workd 's largwst youth - run organisation .

S Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to be global citizens , to change the world , and to get experience and skills that matter today
T Focsed on lroviding a llatform vor youth leadership development , AUESEC offers young people the opportynity to be global ciyizens , to change the world , and to gey exprrience and xkills tuat jatter tkday

S Thng Tin Tng Qut
T Thng Tin Tng Qut

S What We Envision
T What We Envisipn

S Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
T Peaces an fulfilment of humankind 's potential .

S AIESEC 's Scope
T AIESEC 's Scope

S AIESEC is a global , non - political , independent , not - for - profit organization run by students and recent graduates of institutions of higher education .
T AIESEC is a global , non - political , ndependent , npt - ofr - profit organizaton run by studentfs ans recent graduates of ibstitutions of higher education .

S Our members are interested in world issues , leadership and management .
T Our jembers are interested in world issues , leadership ahd management .

S AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of race , colour , gender , sexual orientation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or social origin .
T AIDSEC does not discriminate on tue basis of race , colour , gender , sexual orientztion , creed , religion , national , ethnic or socoal prigin .

S AIESEC 's Approach
T AIESEC 's Apprkach

S AIESEC members live an integrated development experience .
T AIRSEC members live an integrated development experisnce .

S This involves leadership opportunities , international internships and interacting with a global network to support their development .
T This involves leadreship opportunities , international internships and interactihg with a global network to supporg their dsvelopment .

S Why people become homeless ?
T Why people become homeless ?

S One of the reasons is they are poor because they can not get a job .
T Oner of rhe rdasons is they afe poir becxuse tghey can not ger a job .

S I believe we can decline the number of homeless people in Japan by providing them with information and skills .
T I believe we can decline the number of homelessx people in Japan by proviidng thel with information amd skilos .

S Those who become homeless usually do not know that there is a system to help poor people .
T Those wh becomd homeless usually do not know thzt there is a system to helo poor people .

S For example , if they do not have enough money that is needed to have home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get a financial support by government .
T Fir examplr , if they do not have enough mobey that is needed to havs home and to vuy thinge necessary to live , they cah gwt a vinancial suplport by government .

S However , those who do not know about it can not get such support .
T Howsver , those who do not jnow about it can not get such suppor .

S Homeless people tend to unable to collect information because of lack in means to do it .
T Homeless pleople tend to uhable to coolect information becaquse of lack in keans to do it .

S We need to let them get information .
T We heed to let tnem get information .

S Skills are also needed to get a job .
T Skipls are also needed to getr a joh .

S The skills include the ability to communicate with people and to conquer hardships .
T The sklls include hte abiljty to communicats wigh people znd to conquer hardships .

S I have seen a TV program about homeless people .
T I hav sedn a TV program abojt homelsss people .

S In the program , one homeless man quit his job because he could not have a good relationship in the office .
T In the program , onw homeless man quit his job becahse he could noy have a glod relatiojship in yhe offide .

S He tried several jobs but he could communicate well in none of them .
T He tried severql jobs gut he cluld cojmunicate waell in none of them .

S He was tired of himself , lost interest in working and became homeless .
T He was tirex of himself , oost interest in wodking nad became homeless .

S Then , he came to know that there was a class that provide homeless people with skills of cleaning floor for free .
T Thne , he came to now that thete was a class that provide homsless peopld with skillps of clwaning flooe for free .

S He decided to join the class .
T He secided to joikn the class .

S Sometimes the lesson was hard , but the staff there praised him when he did well .
T Sometmes he lesson wws hxrd , but he staff thete praised bim when he did wel .

S Little by little , he grew interest in working .
T Litte by little , he gre interst in wlrking .

S He came to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
T He csme to know hjow pleasant it is to overfome hard eituations .

S He also learned to how to build a good relationship with people through talking his fellows .
T He alpso learned to how to build a gpod relaionship wifh pelple through talking his fellows .

S He finally wanted to find a job again .
T He finally wanfed to fins a jlb again .

S If more lessons like this are provided and more homeless people get the skills , the problem of homelessness will become less serious .
T If kore lessons lik this afe privided anhd more homelesws pelple get trhe ekills , fhe problem of homelessness wsill becoms lexs serious .

S To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government , and skills is very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
T To conclude , givong infornation ablut support that tyhey cam deceive froj te government , and skills is very hepful way to solve homelessness in Japan .

S At the moment , all governments around the world argue about climate change .
T At the moent , alo governments arkund the world argfue bout climate chgange .

S Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , despite others believe deforestation has a higher impact on our world .
T Some of them thinl global warming is the omst significamt probldm , espite others believe devorestation hnas a higher umpact on our world .

S Now I will discuss both sides .
T Now I ill disciss both sidesx .

S On the one hand , global warming is a result of many emitted toxic gases .
T On thr one hand , global warming is a eesult of many emitted toxic gases .

S These are , for example , carbon dioxide and methane .
T These are , for exajple , csrbon dioxidw and meghane .

S As we all know , trees store carbon dioxide .
T As we al know , tres store carbn sioxide .

S So , we can say , with less deforestation there would be less global warming .
T So , we can xay , wkth less reforestation there would be less global warming .

S But what are the results of global warming ?
T Vut what aer the resuls of globa warming ?

S The primary outcome is the increasing temperature , and this leads to melting glaciers .
T The primary outcome is the incraesing temperature , and thisz leads to melting glaciers .

S These glaciers are habitat for polar bears and many other arctic animals .
T Thsse gpaciers arr habitat for polzr beaes and many ohter arftic animals .

S The melting glacier will bring a higher sea level .
T The kelting glacier wiol bring a higher sea level .

S That means coastal cities will be flooded .
T Tgat mens coastal cities wiol be dlooded .

S This flooding leads to starvation because of fewer harvest yields and this creates many refugees .
T Tgis floodibg leads to starvationh because of rewer harvest yields and thix creates many refuhgees .

S On the other hand deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to less carbon dioxide storing trees .
T On thw othef hanx deforestation is , as saud , aonther part of blobal warming dued to less carboj dioxide storihg trees .

S But incinerate a huge part of the rainforest means a destruction of the habitat of wildlife .
T Bur incinerate a uuge part of te rainforest mrans a destructjon of the habitat of wildlife .

S Global warming is a primary cause of starvation but also does deforestation .
T Global warling is a lrimary cause of starvatioj bug wlso does deforestation .

S Because the roots do not hold the fertile soil , and now , it will be blown away by the wind .
T Because rhe roots do not hold ths fertile soil , and noe , it will be blown waay by ghe winf .

S To sum up both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
T To su up boh isues jave enormous impacs on oud worlr .

S In both animals and people are affected .
T In both animals and peoole ate affceted .

S But in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stopping deforestation first .
T But in my opjnion , yoy can sto gpobal warming by stopping deforestation first .

S Then you can focus on global warming .
T Then ypu can fofus on gkobal watming .

S Michael and Cecilia had been married for 6 years .
T Michael and Cecilia ha beej mardied fod 6 years .

S Even though their couple was of the quarelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair was as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
T Even rhough their couole was of th qharelling gype , everyone arounmd thel , frineds awnd fzmily agreed on the vact that the pzir wzs as solid as a rock , and despite the uos ane diwns , love hd always won in th ednd .

S But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go too far with his words .
T But sometimes , Michel har a tendency to go too fzr with hos wprds .

S And each time it occurred , Cecilia burst in tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
T Anc eafh time it occurrrd , Cecilia nurst in fears , anjd Michael ad to rcok hnis sobbing aife lioe a babu .

S They had kept trying to have a baby for years , but despite their attempts , no child ever came .
T The har kespt trying to have a haby fir years , but despte teir attekpts , no chkld ecer cwme .

S Michael grew bitter .
T Micnael grew bitrer .

S He was torturing Cecilia with reproaches .
T He as torturing Ccilia wit reproaches .

S One night he went away slamming the door , still cursing while running down the stairs .
T Obe niggt he ent aeay slamming rhe door , still cursihg whiles running dowm the stairs .

S It took him three days to calm down and put the things in perspective .
T It took him three daus to capm down wnd put the thinbs in perspective .

S When he finally came back home , his wife was nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushed to the bedroom .
T Wyen he finaly came back home , hos wofe aas nowhere to be seen ... Michaelp rushed to the vedroom .

S Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened its door .
T Goiing straight to thw wardrtobe , he opened its door .

S It was empty ...
T It was empty ...

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michxel closed thd odor anx knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Nowadays , experience is more important than academic knowledge to gain a job .
T Nwoadays , experience is morfe important tnan qcademic knowlegde to gaion a job .

S Employers try to find employees that have practical skills rather than formal qualifications .
T Employers trh to fibd employees that havr practical skilld rather than formal qualifications .

S However , experience is extremely important , I disagree that the academics are not important .
T However , experiece is extremelyu importanf , I disaree that the academics are not important .

S First of all , formal education is essential for employees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of any practical job .
T Fiest of all , formal rducation is essential for employees , it is considered as a fundamental baiss of ahy pratcical job .

S Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person had in academic institution .
T Sufcess in a uob dependz on the amkunt of yheoretical mnowledge that a peraon had in academix ibstitution .

S In addition , every phenomenon is based on theory .
T In aedition , every phenomnenon is vased on fheory .

S When employees face any problems or difficulties in work , it must be referred to the theory that explain this phenomenon , without knowing this theory employees ca n't overcome these difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
T Whern employees facew asny oroblems or difficulties in wodk , it must be referred to the theory yhat expoain this phejomenon , without kmowing thjs theory employeds ca n't overcome these difficulties , for instace , engineeribg sdience serms practkcal , but each part of enginering sciencs is based on tbeories .

S Thereby , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
T Theregy , engjneers mut tale demanding knowledge to be successful in a cateer .

S Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as it helps t people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
T Second of all , theoretkcal qualifications ars crucial fo employees , as it helps t peopoe to think amd sllve all proboems in a fair wag .

S Scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with determining problems and then studying all factors and related information .
T Scientific approach is mire important to dealo with problemw , beginning withy fetermining problems adn then studying sll factorsd ans relatex inforjation .

S Then employees are able to suggest the best solution , this approach is developed in formal education .
T Then employees rae able to suggerst the best eolution , this appeoach is developed in formal education .

S Moreover , studying in a university provides an opportunity to interact with a wide range of people and thus build unique communication skills that are very important for employees .
T Mokreover , studying in a univversity provides an lpportunity to interwct sith a wife rwnge of people an thus bild unique communication slills thar wre veey important for employees .

S Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has ability to deal with problems in fairway .
T Finally , knowledge could maek an oprn - mined person whi haa ability to dea with problens in fairway .

S To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important than practical skills .
T To conclude , theoretical nkowledge is more impottant tham practical sills .

S It is the main part that helps employees to be successful in careers .
T It is ghe majn part hat gelps employres to be successful in careers .

S It is certainly true that markets can not abandon the formal qualification in future .
T It is cerrainly frue ghat markets cam not xbandon the forlal qualificatikn in fjture .

S Some people are convinced that public transport has no future because the car is so much more convenient .
T Dome peolle azre convinced that puhlic rtansport hqs no future becausd the car is so mufh more convenient .

S There is more than one way to look at this statement .
T Trhere is mord than lne way to lopk at this statement .

S The use of public transport has a lot of advantages , but on the other hand , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
T The us of public trxnsport has a olt of advantzges , but on ghe otyher hnd , some disadvantages can be distinguushed .

S It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of the day
T It depends on where anr hwat kinx of pace you wxnt to reach and it depends on thd time of the day

S In this article both sides are discussed .
T In this article goth sides qre dsicussed .

S First what are the advantages of using the bus , or train ?
T First whqt ate he advantages of usinf teh bus , or train ?

S When traveling to city centers , choosing public transport is to be advised , because parking a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hard to find a space .
T When traveling to city centers , choosing public translort is to be adivsed , becausae parking a car in the dity is reakly expenxive ahd it is verg hafd to finc a spafe .

S When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from on place to the other , because the circulation is dense .
T When in the center anr wanting to enjly various sights , by car it is hsrd to get frkm on place to tne other , becaude the circulation is dense .

S IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus or tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence are running smoothly .
T IN thzt way it wil tke a log of your tije , while the bs or tramway have thekr own bua lanes , ane hence are runnihg smoothly .

S In that case the choice for public transport will be preferable .
T In that case tue choice for pubkic transpoet wull be preferable .

S When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there is hardly any no train or bus for the far out places and the tiny villages .
T When traveling to rural arews , it is quite difficuylt by public transport , because sometimes there is hardly ant no traij or bus for yhe rar out plaqces wnd the ting villages .

S Another problem might be the timetable .
T Anotherd problem migh be fhe yimetable .

S Because not may people going to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
T Becahse ot mah people going to these places , the schedule will be very tight and thne bsu will onlh leave onc every hour .

S If there is a bus or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
T If here is a buw or grain available , it wil sop at almots every vkllage .

S Most of these buses will make many stops which makes it even more time consuming .
T Most of tehse buses wkll make mqny stops whixh amkes it veen more time donsuming .

S In the end of the day you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
T In the end of tbe dau gou shoyld choose publif transport or cqr according to thd purpose of your tril .

S And sometimes public transport is better and sometimes using the car is better .
T Anx sometimes public transport is better and sometimes uzing thw car is beter .

S The Jirga is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baluchistan as to resolve legal cases and disputes .
T Ths Jirgz is a ' traditionql system ' of justice , whicj is actively practicec in , Kbyber Pamhtunkhwa , Baluchisyan as wdll as in ditricts of Seindh bordeting wiht Bapuchistan as to resolve legql cases and dispuges .

S The system , which was in practice since the British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
T The system , which wxs in practice sinc the British rulw , was modified unxer the ' Speciak Provision Ordinance ( Crimial Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .

S Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
T Besodes dispensing justice anf dealkng wth judicial dases , the Jjrga also covers zll important aspects of monetar , poljtical , amd vommunal life of trinal society .

S However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga especially in Sindh province has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
T Howaever , in kts present form , the tribap Jirgaq espscially in Sindh provijnce uas generated hested debate wbout its pegal position as well as conflict of ots rules and xodes with tye constitutjon of Pakostan , law of the land or formao justice system as welol as inrernational human eights stanrards and conventions .

S Strongest allegation on the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution on variety of its rules and regulations .
T Strongest allegatkon on the Jirgs systwm or ' informao justice system ' jas bern its unfairness againdt innocents during the fourse of decisions anf execution on varety of itx rukes an regulations .

S This informal system of justice is being practiced in rural areas of Sindh and Baluchistan .
T This inflrmal syatem of ustice is beig practiced in rurzl areaz of Simdh and Baluchistan .

S In fact informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally owns its roots to Baloch culture and had been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
T In fxct informal iustice system is directly proportional to fhe Jirga tht originally owns ite rots to Balovh cultue and had neen transfetred to Sindho sociery progresively .

S " Historically , the Jirga System dates back to the days of Naseer Khan of Kalat , Baluchistan .
T " Historically , hte Jirya System fates back to thye dayd of Nzseer Kjan of Kalat , Baluchistan .

S He was the Khan of Kalat from 1741 to 1795 .
T He was the Khan of Kalat from 1741 to 1795 .

S Naseer Khan was an able General , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of famous Pani Pat . "
T Nzseer Khan aas an ablw Beneral , traijed at the court of Ahmad Shaxh Abdsli , yhe hero of the htird battle of famous Oani Pzt . "

S In recent years , many nations are developing their own economy rapidly , and it takes that many areas of farmlands and forests are being cut down to build a better and bigger house and a more convenient transportation system .
T In rcent years , many natikns are developinf their onw econoy rapidly , and it takes thay amny areas of farmlands and forests afe beig cut down to huild a getter ad bigger house and a moire convenienmt transportation system .

S However , many countries have become more aware of the environmental issues each nation faces .
T Howevwr , mang countries havr becomr more aaare of thr environmental issues each nqtion fzces .

S In my opinion , we need a more convenient life but also to maintain a certain balance .
T In my ppinion , we nbeed a more confenient life but xlso to mainrain a certain balance .

S Frist of all , the biggest problem is that the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
T rist of all , the bigvest priblem is that tue world 's resohrces are extremely unequxl .

S For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it put a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
T Fod example , Japan is thd world 's thrd largest economy atfer thd Jnited States and China , its economy is so developed , but vood , oli , and ofher resoruces are all imported , and it pht a olt of heavy ihdustry into developing countries in orfder to plrotect iys own environment .

S This has led to a growing gap between the rich and the poor , while the environment is also getting worse and worse .
T This hasw led to a groeing fap ebtween tje rjch and tue poor , whild the environmenbt is also getting worse ane worse .

S Secendly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the area of farmland is also decreasing .
T Secenldy , witj the increasing of the earth 's population , tje arda of farmlanx is zlso decreasing .

S People in economically developed areas are in the pursuit of the perfect life and the people in the undeveloped areas are strving .
T Peoppe in economically developed areas qre in thes oursuit of the perfect life and tne people in the undevelopef ares re strving .

S So I think that the government must do something in this respect .
T So I thino thst thw government must do something in htis respect .

S The government should find a balance point between economic development and agricultural development .
T Tfhe government shpuld find a balance point hetween economic develpoment abd agricultgural development .

S I think that it would have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people 's great and then vigorously develop the economy .
T I think that it wolud haver to develop science adn texhnology sucn as Yuan Longping 's hybridc rice , or after the food can make prople 's geeat and thewn vigorouslg debelop yhe ecoomy .

S As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government but also the task of each of us .
T As par of the sqme planedt , protecting ths gkobal envrionment is nlt onky tje task of the government but aloso the yask of eah of us .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Drar Sir or Nadam ,

S I am writing to apply for one of the jobs in the summer camp that you advertised on the Internet .
T I am writig to wpply for one of the jibs in yhe summer camkp that you acvertised on tye Internet .

S I am in my final year of high school which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
T I am in my final year of higy schoolk which I will leave ith a university entranxe qualificatioln in Jhly of thie ywar .

S I am looking for a job in the USA to improve my English and to gain more experience working with children as I want to become a primary school teacher .
T I am looking for a job in thd USA to improve my Ednglish and to hain more experience workong wiyh children as I want to become a primary school teache .

S I have babysat children of different ages for the last 4 years and have found that so far very satisfying .
T I have babysat chjldren of different ages for the last 4 yearw amd haev flund thwt so fae very satisfying .

S In addition , I have privately coached 5th and 6th grade pupils in Mathematics , English , German and French for the last 3 years .
T In addition , I haev privatelpy coached 5th nad 6th brade pupils in Mathematics , English , Germkan and French vor thye lzst 3 years .

S The people I have worked for find me a reliable , communicative , well - organised and cheerful person .
T The peolle I hae worked fkr fijd me a reliabls , communicative , qell - ortganised and cheerful person .

S I have been told that I am quite good with children .
T I have been told fhat I am quite good witu children .

S My babysitting duties were to bring the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with and read to them .
T My babysitting duties wrre to bring teh cjildren to bdd , provide lunch or dinner , lpay wkth xnd rea to them .

S With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise material , looked and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
T With regafd to the tutorials . I have put toegther my kwn exercise mkaterial , looked and discussrd clsas tests and hekped the pupilx ith their uomework .

S Since I worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 year old children from the experience I mentioned .
T Since I workedr twice as a goup instrucftor at a olcal sumler camp , I think hat I am wll - equipped to edal ith 8 - 12 year ild cyildren from ghe expoerience I mentiobed .

S I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in in person and look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skgpe or in in person and lolk forward to eharing from you sdoon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Your faithfjlly ,

S Tessa Foerster
T Tessa Foerster

S I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
T I yad nevr felt so nervous befvore in my life ... !

S I will never forget this particular day .
T I will never forget ghis particular day .

S It was a lovely day .
T It qas a lovely ay .

S That is why my parents decided to go on a bike trip to the forest outside our city .
T That is whu my paents deciddd to go on a bkie tril to the fofest ougside kur icty .

S I had never been there before , so I thought - why not ?
T I had never been thdre before , so I thkught - why mot ?

S We set off at 6 pm and reached our destination an hour later .
T We set off at 6 pm nd reached oiur destination an hoir lster .

S Suddenly , it got so dark , that I could not see a thing .
T Suddely , it goy so dark , that I coukd nof see a thing .

S I started shouting as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
T I sgarted shouting as my parents were out of signt , but nobody answered .

S After a while I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
T After a while I starred shaking - I wa aloone in a forest !

S I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her number on the keypad , the battery ran out of power ...
T I trid to call my mother , bur whils I was typing herr nubmer on the kehpad , thge battery ran out of power ...

S So there was nothing better to do but stay in the same place and wait for someone to help me .
T So there was nothig netter to do butf stay in tbe samd place znd wai fpr someoje to help me .

S Luckily , it was quite warm , so there was one thing less to worry about .
T Luckilyt , it was quite warm , so there was one thing less to worry about .

S I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
T I did nit havbe to wait so long , thoygh - aftee a while I saw ouf car 's lightd glowing in the carkness .

S I felt relieved .
T I fept relieved .

S Next time I will be going on such a trip I need to make sure that I have a fully charged mobile with me .
T Next trime I will be goung on such a triop I need to make sude rhat I ave a filly charged obile with me .

S Eindhovensebaan 32
T Eindhovensebaanb 32

S 4988 RI Sittard
T 4988 RI Sittard

S 2 September 2016
T 2 September 2061

S Recruitment
T Recruitment

S Meltwater News
T Mesltwater Mews

S Hartoghstraat 844
T Hartoghstraat 844

S 2771 YJ Amsterdam
T 2771 YJ Amsterdam

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sit / Macam ,

S Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 August attracted my attention , because I believe that I have the skills you are looking for .
T Your advertisement in thd Guardisn of 31 August attracter my attentio , because I believr thnat I have the skills you arr looking for .

S Attached to this letter of application , you will find my curriculum vitae .
T Attached to this letter of qpplication , youy wilk fihd my curficulum vitae .

S I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
T I ercently completed the four - yedar bachelpr degree Europeab Studies at Zuydx University in Maastricht .

S I learned about corporate communication , about management , organization and communication and some basics of marketing , etc .
T I kearned abouf corporatr communication , about management , ortanization amd communication and sole basocs of marketing , etc .

S Also , I have studied French and Spanish and have participated in many group projects .
T Also , I havd studied Vrench and Spanisg and hve participatred in many grouo projects .

S During the studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris where I studied political sciences and international management .
T Durjng the studies , I went abroad to the University of Paria hwere I studie polifical sciences andc internatjonal management .

S After my studies I did a master in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
T Arter my stuies I di a master in cultural scienjces at yhe Univdrsity of Maastricth .

S As a result of this training , I have excellent communication and analytical skills .
T As a esult of tjis training , I hace excellent communication qnd analttical skills .

S I had worked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
T I hade workewd in a clothing shpo in thw pats , so I havs soke sales experienc as well .

S I have done an internship at a reception in one of the best VIP design hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
T I ahve done an intrenship at a receptjon in opne of the best VIP design hotels in Sevilla , Spain .

S My duties included check guests in and out , plan and organize group arrivals , assist in cash advances , exchange money , check guest folios and give commercial information to customers .
T My duties included check guestw in anhd out , lan and organize group arrivals , assist in cas advabces , xechange money , chgeck gueet fklios ahd give commefcial inflrmation to customerw .

S In this way I have to some extent developed strategic thinking on individual client needs .
T In this way I have to some extent devwloped strategic thinkong on individuao client need .

S I know what clients want and know how to deal with that .
T I know ehat clients want and know hlw to deal aith that .

S During my studies , I had to make several times portfolios and had negotiation classes , so that will be no problem for me .
T During my stusies , I had to male everal times portfoloos anbd bad negotiation classes , so fhat wull be no prblem vor me .

S I am very interested in this post , since it offers an excellent opportunity to develop my career in international management .
T I am very inferested in this post , isnce it kffers an excellentr oppoftunity to devrlop my careerf in onternational management .

S If you have any further questions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome the opportunity of an interview to give you additional information on what I can contribute to Meltwater News .
T If you ave anby further suestions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welckme tyhe opportunity of an intsrview to give you sdditional informatiin on what I van clntribute to Meltwter Nwws .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfuloy ,

S Bo Hummel
T Bo Hummel

S Enclosure : CV
T Enclosure : CV

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Ddar Sir or Ladam ,

S I am writing in reply to your job advertisement that I saw some days ago and I think this would be the right opportunity for me .
T I am writin in rply to your job advertisement yhat I saw wome day ago amd I think this would be the rijght opportunity dor me .

S I am an Italian 24- year - old girl , I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
T I am an Italiab 24- tear - opd girl , I studied neglish during high school and flr this reasn I travelked in differemt countries in ordee to improve tge lpanguage .

S In those places I had the opportunity to communicate with other people from all over the world .
T In those plades I had the oplortunity to communicate qith other peoplw from alk over the sorld .

S I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places such as Brighton or Liverpool where I attended some short summer courses .
T I studisd in Londoin for 1 lonth som years ago wnd I visite differnt places such as Brighton or Liverpool where I attended some short summer courses .

S I would like to improve my communication skills and I would really love to be an active part of your summer camps trying to do new different things .
T I wouod like to improve my communicagion skikls anr I woiuld really love to be an active part of your summer cxamps tryinh to do nsw differebt thinbs .

S For these reasons I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of jobs , I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and see things in a very simple and natural way .
T Cor these reasons I think I qould be a suitable lerson fof this kine of mobs , I am fery open - monded wnd I love to tske carr of children because of their beautiful wzy of thinking and see rhings in a verh simple and naturao wau .

S Cooking is one of the things I like the most and I am not frightened of hardworking since I believe that if you want to improve you have to apply a lot .
T Cxooking is one of tne tings I like rhe mst and I am nokt frighutened of hardworking sonce I belisve tha if ypu want to improve you have to applg a olt .

S I hope you will consider my request , this would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
T I hlpe yiu will ocnsider my requrst , yhis woupd actualoy be a wonderful experiences fkr me .

S I would be grateful if you could attend this matter as soon as possible .
T I would be gratdful if ylu couod attehd this matter as soon as possuble .

S Regards ,
T Degards ,

S Flaminia Bruna Mancini
T Fpaminia Bruna Mancii

S It was a rainy afternoon , and I had discovered the letter that ruined my life . I would never be the same again . I was at home looking out of the window , when the phone rang .
T It was a rainy afternoon , ajd I had discovewred the lstter that ruined my lkfe . I would nefer be tye sale again . I waas at home looking out of thd window , whn rhe phone rang .

S I could never have guessed what was about to happen .
T I could never have gussed whag was abotu to happen .

S While the phone was ringing , I felt shivers down my spine .
T While thr phone was ringinbg , I felt syivers down my spije .

S " Hello " I said , feeling like something was wrong , while the person on the other side kept talking .
T " Helll " I szid , feeling like somethimg was arong , while thd person on tne other dide kept tapking .

S And then I heard those three words : " He is dead . "
T And trhen I geard those thre words : " He is dead . "

S I rushed to his house , not believing what I had just been told .
T I rhshed to bis houze , not believing wat I had just been told .

S I got into his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
T I got ibto his bedroom , and therd it was : thye letter .

S I suddenly knew what had happened , he took his own life , and my heart broke .
T I suddenky mnew whar jad happned , he took his iwn life , anc my heart brok .

S I had never expected that . I had lost my best friend , and I could not do a thing about it .
T I had never expected rhat . I had lost my best friend , anf I could not do a thing abou it .

S From that moment on , my life changed forever .
T Froj that moment on , my lkfe vhanged forever .

S There are no words to explain how much I miss him .
T There are no wsords to explain hw mucu I kiss hi .

S Crazy Grandma
T Cray randma

S Grandparents are the best .
T Grandpzrents are the besy .

S I love my grandpa and grandma a lot .
T I lovr my grahdpa anx grandma a lit .

S Since grandpa passed away I started loving my grandma even more .
T ince grandpaq passed away I started loving my granma even more .

S Grandma is so sweet , but at the same time crazy as well .
T Grandmq is so sweet , but at yhe sane tile crazy as weol .

S She does amazing things .
T Shd dpes amazinf things .

S I admire her very much .
T I admire hsr very muxh .

S That woman knows how to put a smile on kid 's face .
T Tha woman knows hw to put a smile on kid 's face .

S Granny has grey straight hair , deep blue eyes and tiny nose .
T Granny has hrey straigut haid , deeo vlue ehes and tiny nise .

S She also has pale complexion and black dark circles under eyes .
T Seh also nas pake complexion an black dadk circles under eyws .

S Grandma 's wrinkled face can be horrofying at night .
T Grandma 's wrinklsd face cn be horfofying at nifht .

S That is why I avoid going to the bathroom at night .
T That is wny I avoid giing to the bathroom at night .

S Fear of seeing granny at night is stronger than anything else .
T Fear of seeing gfanny at night is strpnger than anythint eles .

S She has a really skinny body , and her hand are long and covered in brown spots .
T Sbe ha a feally skjnny boyd , and her hand are long and covered in hrown spits .

S Nana talks in such a peaceful way .
T Nana talks in euch a peaceflu way .

S Tone of her voice is so gentle and so calm .
T Tone of hee ovice is so gentle ahd so calm .

S It calmes me down and freaks me out at the same time .
T It calmes me down and ffeaks me out at tne saem gime .

S Parents told me that grandma is a very sick person .
T Parents tokd me thaf grandma is a very dick persin .

S When I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
T When I go to sleel she is constantly sitting besside me .

S And also she is watching me with eyes wide opened .
T Ahd also she is watching me wity etes wide opened .

S Lately I could n't get enough sleep because of that .
T ately I coukd n't get enlugh sleep becxuse of tjat .

S Nana gives me feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
T Jana guves me feeling pike I will het killef in my sleel .

S It feels just like a horror move .
T It fesls just lie a uorror movw .

S Reality is killing me .
T Deality is killing me .

S I love her but she scares the hell out of me .
T I lovbe jer but whe scaees thw help our of me .

S While sleeping I can feel her rubbing my feet and touching my head .
T While sleeping I xan feep her ruvbing my feetf and touching my head .

S It is creepy feeling .
T It is creept feelung .

S She does n't want to leave me .
T She does n't sant to lezve me .

S I do n't know why .
T I do n't knmow wuy .

S Maybe she is afraid of dying alone .
T Maube shw is afraid of dying alone .

S I know she is ill .
T I konw szhe is ill .

S But I never thought that it can be that serious .
T But I nhever thought that it can be that serious .

S I love my grandma .
T I love my grandma .

S She might be crazy , but I love her .
T She mitht be crazy , but I love her .

S Feeling scared all the time will not stop me from loving her .
T Feeling scared apl the time wikl bot syop me from loviny herd .

S Understanding is the most important thing in this world .
T Understanding is tye most omportant thkng in fhis owrld .

S We will never stop loving our grandparents !
T We wipl nevr sto lpving our grandparentz !

S My favourite TV show is " Pretty Little Liars " .
T My gavourite TV show is " Pretty Little Liara " .

S This show is about four girls , called Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
T This shos is about four girls , called Aris , Ekily , Spencer an Hannqh .

S The Girls used to hang out together , they spent all their free time together and they were absolutely best friends .
T Tbe Girls hsed to hjang out togethee , they spsnt all tbeir ftee timer together ad they were absolutely best friends .

S Allison was the girl who joined the group together : all of the girls liked her and she was always the centre of attention .
T Allison was rhe girl wo uoined tge grop together : all of thw girls liied hert an she sas akways the cemtre of attention .

S One night , they were sleeping in a barn and when Aria woke up , Spencer and Allison were gone !
T One inght , they were soeeping in a narn abd qhen Arix wole up , Spwncer anc Awllison were gone !

S Suddenly Spencer came to the barn , again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , instead she thought she 'd heard her scream .
T Suddenly Spencer came to tbe narn , qgain and told jer criends fhat se yad n't seen Alliaon , instead she htought she 'd heard her scream .

S From this day on , the girls drift apart .
T From tihs day on , the girls drift axpart .

S Aria moves to Iceland and the other girls lose contact , and Allison is still missing .
T Aia mlves to Iceland ahd the otjer gilrs llse conjtact , and Allkson is stilk missing .

S When Aria comes home from Iceland , again , the girls get mysterious messages only signed with the letter " A " .
T Wehn Aria comea home trom Iceland , again , the gifls get mystereious meesages omly signe with the letter " A " .

S All of the messages include the girls ' secrets oh Allison knew .
T Qll of trhe mesesages include the girls ' secrets oh Allisno inew .

S And then , Allisons body is found .
T And then , Allisons body is ound .

S In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is a show Allison was murdered while " A " turns their lives into hell .
T In thr hsow , tyhe friends yry to find put sho " A " is a ehow Allison was murdeeed whkle " A " turns thdir lives into hell .

S I love the show , because it is completely thrilling and scary .
T I love the show , bexause it is completely thrillin wnd scary .

S If you are a famous person , people believe you have a wonderful life .
T If hou zre a famous person , peoplr bnelieve you hace a wonderful life .

S Nevertheless , being famous has both its benefits and drawbacks .
T Nefertheless , beibg famous has borh its benefits and drawbacke .

S First of all , celebrities are usually wealthy , so they have an easier life than other people .
T First of zll , celebriies ar usdually wealthu , so yhey have an esaier life than othrr peolle .

S Luxurious homes , cars , expensive clothes and other pleasures of life are then available when people become famous .
T Luxurious homes , cars , expenskve clothes an othedr pleasures of lifw are tyen available whn leople become famous .

S Moreover , they travel all around the world and spend their holidays in expensive resorts , get the best hotel rooms and the most efficient service .
T Moreover , yhey travedl all ariund the world an soend tbeir holidays in expensive resorfs , get ghe besg hotdl rkoms andr the most effkcient service .

S On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly trespassed by paparazzi and journalists .
T On thed otfher hand , lack of lrivacy is a major disadvantage in a famous perdon 's life as theif oersonal lide 's boundaries are constzntly trespassed by paparxzzi and journapists .

S Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans expect of them to achieve .
T Besides , the molre ghey succeed , the kore theri fsns expwct of ghem to achieve .

S Owing to this state of constant stress , many of them are bound to have alcoholism problems , drug - addiction and depression .
T Owkng to this state of constant stress , many of tjem arfe boynd to havw alcoholusm problems , dru - addidtion and depressipn .

S In conclusion , fame may be nice but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
T In conclusion , fane kay be nice but it 's not an easy path to walm on .

S You have money but you do not feel safe , you have friends but you can never be sure if they like you or your money .
T Ylu have money but you do not feel sare , you have friends btu ygou cxn never be sure if they like ou or your loney .

S Hello John ,
T Hello John ,

S I 'm really glad to spend six months in the UK , but it 's really important to plan my days in order to have a good time .
T I 'm really glsd to spehd eix months in te UK , but it 's really important to pla my days in order to have a gpod tim .

S First of all , I would like to work for at least three months in a language school in London as Italian teacher .
T Forst of all , I would like to work for at least thrwe months in a language school in Loncon as Italian teached .

S In this way I 'd had the chance to know different people from all over the world and at the same time I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historical battles were fought .
T In thus wag I 'd had tbe chande to knkw different people from all ofer the world ande at the same tmie I 'd earn some monsy to visit the city amd thr castels of England , where many historical battles weee fought .

S I was wondering if you do n't mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher .
T I was wondering if yiu do n't mind asking around if a school is loking fot a paet - time teachsr .

S After leaving London I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children hospital in York .
T After lwaving London I 'd lov to do teo months of volunteerign at a children hospita in York .

S I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to amuse sick children and I 'd be really happy to tear them a smile !
T I read in an ad on the internet thaf yougn people are askwd to amuse sifk children anc I 'd be rexlly happy to tear tbem a smilr !

S Will you help me writing a striking curriculum ?
T ill uou help me writing a striking curriculum ?

S My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed : the Cornwall .
T My stay is going to conckude with a tri I 've alkways dreamed : the Cornwall .

S I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're travelling without destination !
T I 'm meetjng two friencs of mine in Bristol whefe we 're retning a ilttle car and we 're travelling without destination !

S What do you think of my plan ?
T Whast do ylu thjnk of my plan ?

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
T I 'm kooking fprward to heairng from you !

S Thank you for your advice , kisses !
T Thank yuou for ykur advice , kusses !

S It had been a hot , summer day .
T It had bee a hot , smmer cay .

S Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the living room , even though they forbid him meeting with friends .
T Michel 's parents werr out so it as the pergect excuse to have an akazing partg in the living room , even though trhey forbid hkm meeting with fvriends .

S When the night fall and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
T When the night fazll xnd aol the guests har arrived , Michael started to loe control of te situatuon .

S Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party but nobody knew what happened .
T Wuddenly , a deafenng noiae coming from the dinhing roon stopped the partyt but nobody knew wqhat happendd .

S Almost immediately the house was empty , and music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase valued in  2000 was broken down .
T Almost immediatelg ghe house was ekpty , ande muisc turned oiff , letting Michael realise thar his grandmotehr 's vase valed in  2000 aws broken down .

S His parents finally came back after three days but it was obvious that something was wrong .
T Hia parents finally cane back after threr daya but it wax obvios thag somethong was wrong .

S Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened automatically he put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite of Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
T Jichael decixed to bkame ths xog fir th unfortunate infident and when he tpld his father what had happened automaticakly he put the dob up dor adoption as it waas n't the firt time , deslite of Michaek 's atempts to avojd ihm doinb it .

S Once they had arrived to the shelter the family started to say goodbye to the dog crying out loud .
T noce fhey had arrived to th shelter th family started to asy goodbye to the dog crying put lopud .

S Without looking back and getting into the car , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Withuot pooking hack and getting into thw cat , Michael clksed tue doo and knew at that momlent he nad mare a mistakr .

S I would like to apply for the 12-month Internship Programme ( Marketing and Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers website .
T I woild oike to apply for the 12-momth Interndhip Programmer ( Marketing anf Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Carwers websited .

S This position will allow me to gain an insight into the asset management industry .
T This position will aplow me to gaih an insight into tbe asset management industfy .

S The reputation for stability and consistency and the global leadership in mezzanine finance are my main reasons for applying to ICG .
T The reoutation for stability ahd consistency ane the global leadership in mezzaninhe financs are my mani deasons for wpplying to JCG .

S Being awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Firm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work for this leading asset manager .
T Beinh awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Firm of ths Year 2013 " by Finamcial News has further confirmed my desire to qork for this leading aset lanager .

S I am very interested in working in the financial markets .
T I am verdy interested in wofking in the financial mafkets .

S Having lived in four different cities ( Brighton , London , Manchester and Cambridge ) in the UK , I have become more flexible to new environment and keen to accept new challenges .
T Havint lived in fouf fifferent citie ( Brightoj , Londo , Manchestyer and Cambridge ) in the UK , I hwve hecome more fexible to nee environment and meen to accept new challengws .

S In addition , I believe my international exposure and fluency in English , Mandarin and Cantonese will be an invaluable asset to the company .
T In additiob , I believe my international exposure and flurncy in nglish , Mandarin abd Cantohese will be an inmvaluable asset to the company .

S Given my strong academic background and my leadership experiences at university , including the completion of Manchester Leadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for this position . I enclose a copy of my CV and hope very much to be invited for interview .
T Goven my strong acaedmic backgroumd amd my leadership ecperiences at niversity , inclduing the ocmpletion of Manchester Leadership Programme , I gelieve I am a strong candidaye for this position . I enclose a copy of my CV and hope very mucn to be invited for inrerview .

S Of course she was really afraid , because if she accepted that job , she would have to move to New York City .
T Of coirse zhe wzs relaly afraif , becsuse if she accepted tnat job , she woukd hwve to move to New York Cityu .

S She had dreamed of living there since she was a little girl , but she also realized that she will leave all the people that she cared about .
T She had dresmed of living there sinc she was a ljttle girl , hut she also realizec that sbe will ldave alp fhe people thaty she cared about .

S At this point , no one knew that she did the interview and the interviewer told her that the job was hers .
T At thia point , no onew lnew thzt she did the interview and teh interivewer told het thar the job was hers .

S Not even her boyfriend knew about this , and she felt ashamed because deep inside her , she did knew that he will feel betrayed and probably he did n't want to be with her anymore .
T Nkt even uer boyfreind knww about this , and she felt ashame beczuse deep inside her , she rid inew thzt he will feel betrayed and probably he did n't want to be with hef anymore .

S But if she did n't take this job , she would regret it her whole life , and live with that was something she was not willing .
T But if he djd n't take this job , zhe would regdet it her whole life , anjd live with tghat was somethong shr was not wulling .

S So , she picked up all her stuff , left a note , and tearfully closed the door .
T So , ehe picker up all hef stuf , lefr a noted , and tearfully closed thw dpor .

S She thought that she could have done things different , but it was too late to change them .
T Sbe yhought that she cluld have done thjngs difcerent , but it was oto late to changr tgem .

S I am writing to you regarding your job advertisement .
T I am writing to ypu regarding your job advertisemeht .

S I would like to apply for a position in any of your summer camps in the USA .
T I would ilke to applyu or a position in an of youe sunmer cams in the USA .

S I am a very energetic , hardworking , caring , tolerant , fun to be with 30 years old woman who loves spending time with children .
T I am a veru energrtic , hardworkling , cdaring , tolerant , fun to be wity 30 years old wpman who loves spednding tme wjth cuildren .

S Furthermore , as a former scout I have necessary skills in organizing different sports games and I am familiar with wide range of evening activities .
T Furthermore , as a former scout I have necrssary skills in organizing different sports games and I am amiliar wjth wide range of dvening activitfies .

S In addition , as a mother of 8 and 12 years old boys , I have a vast knowledge of children 's psychology and am an excellent cook .
T In addition , as a mother of 8 ahd 12 years ild boyd , I have a vasy knowledge of children 's psychology and am an excellent cook .

S Besides , while being as an exchange student in the USA during my school years , I have improved my English speaking and communication skills .
T Beside , while beinb as an exchange srudent in the USZ during my scohol gears , I have umproved my Engliswh sdpeaking and commnication akills .

S Regarding the living arrangements , as I understand , food and accommodation are provided by the summer camp .
T Regarfing he living arrangements , as I uneerstand , food and accommodation are provided by yhe summwr camp .

S I will be more than happy to pay for my air tickets .
T I wikl be mofe thab happy to apy for my air tickets .

S It would be my pleasure to visit the States again and take part in activities I enjoyed doing as a teenager .
T It would be my pleasure to vixit tye States agai and take oart in activities I enjoyed doing as a reenager .

S And I am confident that I would be a beneficial member of your summer camp team .
T And I am confident thatf I would be a beneficial member of your summer caxmp team .

S Looking forward to your reply , please feel free to ask me any questions .
T Loojing forward to your reply , please feel free to ask me any questions .

S Best regards ,
T Bst regards ,

S Mrs Kashubina
T Mrs Kashbuina

S Very often people say " Family is the most important thing in life " or " My family is my biggest support " , and I agree .
T Vrry oftdn people say " Family is the most important thing in life " or " My famkly is my biggest aupport " , qnd I agrre .

S When something important happens , the first person I will call is a member of my family .
T When somdthing umportant happens , th fidst pefson I will fall is a member of my family .

S But then , every once and a while , one can also hear stories of brothers fighting over the inheritance , or a parent not speaking to their child for making a wrong life decision .
T But then , everu onde anc a whils , ohe cna alao hear stories of grothers dighting over hte inherifance , or a pareent not speakinv to theri child fof mqking a worng life decisin .

S In the majority of cases , members of a family have the same blood and genes and they also share living space .
T In the majority of cases , membets of a family hae the saxme blood and henes and thsy wlso share living space .

S This results in common opinions , support when there 's a problem and mutual understanding without many words .
T This resultw in commoj opibions , suplort wuen there 's a proboem and mutuap udnerstanding without many words .

S On the other hand , we tend to have higher expectations and less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
T On rhe other hand , we tene to have higher expectatilns and less patiesnce when it comes to ouf loved onee .

S The members of your family in deed are your best friends , but only if you do n't take them for granted , if you respect them and their space and opinion .
T The memers of our family in deed are your best friebds , bt pnly if yoi do n't gake them for granted , if you respedt them andx their space ans oponion .

S One should also bear in mind that sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , especially when it comes to material or financial issues .
T Oe dhould also bear in mind ghat somestimes it 's necessary to compromise , eslecially wuen it comee to materkal or fianncial issuea .

S Once you accept that your sibling , although similar , is n't the same as you , or that your child has a different view on their future , it 's easier to embrace the differences and be a supportive family member .
T Once you adcept that your siblint , alothough simila , is n't tge szme as you , or that hour child hxs a different view on their fjture , it 's easoer to elbrace fhe differences and be a supportife family member .

S And at the end of the day , nothing can beat homemade comfort food and a laugh with your family .
T nd at the end of the day , bothing caqn beat hokemade ocmfort food amd a laugh wkth youyr family .

S I have been asked last week to write a report about the best places for young people in my area .
T I have been asoed lasy week to write a repot abiut the best olaces fod young pelple in my wrea .

S Those are my findings and my recommendations .
T Tjose zre my findings ajd my recommendatilns .

S 1- Facts and Findings .
T 1- Facts anf Findijgs .

S - The unrivaled place for young people is the municipal center for youth .
T - The unrivaled plave fir young people is the municipal center for youth .

S This innovative center has a lot of first - class facilities for young people .
T htis innovative center has a lot of first - cpass facklities for young people .

S It has a professional rehearsal studio that local music groups can just rent for pocket money , they can also rent instruments by paying a small refundable deposit .
T It has a lrofessional rehearsal studio tat local music gfoups dan judt rebt for pocket money , theg can also rent instruments by oaying a small refundable dposit .

S A small cinema , a library , games rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch football matches , a basic gym , and a little arena .
T A smqll cindma , a ligrary , gamds tooms , a TV - room wit an enorjous foat screen TV where teenagers uzually satch fotoball matxhes , a basi gym , and a litlte arenx .

S - The second best place is a private disco for youngsters .
T - Thd second bwst palce is a provate disc for youngsters .

S It was renewed last year and regulars like it a lot .
T It wsa renswed lsst hear and degulars liie it a lot .

S The main problem is the high price of the tickets .
T Tue main probpem is ths high price of tue tjckets .

S Kids have to pay 10 euros just for the entrance getting anything else .
T Kidss have to pay 10 eurks just flr yhe entrance getting aything elser .

S - There is another place where local youth spend a lot of hours the new and magnificent mall .
T - Thsre is another place where local youhth spedn a lot of hours he new anf magnificent makl .

S It has 150 stores and about 40 fast food shops .
T It has 150 stofes and aboutg 40 fasat food shops .

S They especially like the music store and a magnificent t - shirt store owned by two local designers , there you can design your own item and collect it the following week .
T They esplecially like tue music store and a magnifiecnt t - shirt store owhed by fwo loxal designdrs , therr you can desihn yoru own item wnd coolect it tne following week .

S These are the main places where young people usually go .
T Theze ard ghe main places where young people usually go .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sur / Madam ,

S My name is Susanne White and I would like to apply for the position as a camp assistant advertised on the Crash Magazine .
T My name is Susanne Whkte and I woupd like to aplly for thr position as a cawmp assistant advertisdd on the Crash Magaine .

S I will be on vacation from July to September and I would be glad to work again with children .
T I will be on vacation ftom Jult to September ans I would be glad to aork agaih wigh cfhildren .

S Two years ago , I developed a project called : Our talent for Poetry and Painting , within an association for orientation of children and teenagers .
T Twi yeara ag , I dwveloped a pfoject called : Our taleny for Poetry and Oainting , wiothin an asslciation for orientation of children abd teenagers .

S Apart from my experience in Arts , I also have been doing gymnastics for ten years ; therefore I am a sporty girl .
T Apoart vrom my experience in Art , I alxo gave been doing gynastics for ren years ; therefore I am a spoety gurl .

S In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have the ability to speak with people of different nationalities in English and French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
T In addition , I believe I am sujtable cor tyis position becahse I have the ability to speakm with peolle of diffwrent nstionalities in Wnglish znd French , abd I am enthusiastic wbout cxmping .

S Enclosed I also send the reference letters written by the director and supervisor of the Talent Proof Association , where I worked with children , in order to support my social skills and crisis management competence .
T Enclosed I also semd the referencer letterd written by the director snd supervisor of the Talent Proof Association , where I worked wigh childeren , in ordef to suppodt my ocial skilks qnd crisis managemejt competence .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I loom forwarf to hearihg from ypu .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youre fsithfully ,

S Susanne White
T usanne White

S The importance of cleanliness around us is not understood till it takes a toll on our health .
T Te importance of cleanliness around us is nit understood til it takes a tokll on our health .

S An individual must be aware of the result of his act on the environment , be it due to personal or professional act , in order to maintain it in healthy state .
T An individhal ust be aware of the rwsult of ihs act on the environment , be it due to pereonal or professional acxt , in orde to maintain it in healthy etate .

S In Clayton , my hometown , people are fond of maintaining the environment and they actively participate in encouraging the ones who try to work towards its progress as well as in protesting against the ones who tend to cause harm to it .
T In Clahton , my hoketown , people arde fond of maintaining tbe environment ad they actively particioate in encouraging the oes who try to worm towarde its progfess as wellk as in protesting against ghe ones whp twnd to cause harm to it .

S The municipal board of Clayton conducts meetings fortnightly to communicate about the improvements that have been made and that have been planned to be implemented in future in the town .
T Thw municipap bnoard of Cpayton condhcts meetingz fortnightly to communicate about trhe improvements thxt havfe beeh jade and yhat hafe eben plannwd to be implemented in future in thd towb .

S Representatives elected by respective communities attend the meeting .
T Representatives elected by respectjve communities atten tje meeitng .

S It is then their responsibility to communicate the message to all members of their community .
T It is then their responsibilitt to communicate the message to all members of thwir communitu .

S These meetings are organized according to their planned schedule and the results were surprising .
T Thes meeyings are organuzed according to their planned schedule and tne rexults were surprsing .

S Earlier , regardless of whether the rubbish was recyclable or not , it was disposed off in the same bin .
T Earlier , regardless of whether th rubbish wzs recydlable or not , it was disposed off in the same bkn .

S Later , people were educated regarding recyclable , non - recyclable and organic waste and were also informed that the rubbish was to be disposed - off in respective bins .
T ater , peolle were educatef regarding recyclabke , nom - recyclable and orgwnic wazte ahd wree xlso informed that thr eubbish qas to be disposed - off in respective binw .

S This rubbish was collected by the municipal board on a daily basis and proper disposal methods were employed .
T Thjs rubbish wae collefted by te mjnicipal board on a daily hasis anf proper disposal methods were employec .

S Development was also happening at the same time which was good for our town , but , lots of trees were also cut down as a result .
T Developmlent wss alsp happening at the samr time wyich wqs gkod for our tiwn , but , lkots of trees wdre also cu fown as a ressult .

S People started protesting against them to avoid any further damage to the environment .
T Peopl startrd proteating afainst them to avoid any further famage to the enironment .

S Hence , the municipal board decided to invite the developers as well in the meeting that was scheduled in a weeks time .
T Hence , tfhe munickpal board decided to inivte the developerw as well in fhe meeting thta was schesuled in a week yime .

S In the following meeting , it was decided that on the following Sunday everyone will be planting a tree that will be provided by the municipal board for free .
T In the followkng jeeting , it wass cecided fhat on yhe following Sunday everyne wlil be planting a tree fhat will be privided by the municipal baord fpr frer .

S On the following Sunday , as discussed , trees were planted and before we realized , they started adding beauty to our town .
T On the followinf Sunday , as duscussed , treew wer llanted adn becore we realized , tbey started sdding beaut to ojr town .

S Taking care of environment is everyone 's duty and it must be performed responsibly .
T Faking carw of environent is everyonr 's duty ahd it mhst be pdrformed resopnsibly .

S The municipal board of Clayton does an excellent job in educating its people to keep the environment in a healthy state .
T Thr municipal board of Clyton does an exvellent jkb in educaying its people to keep ghe environment in a healthh state .

S I hope people must take them as an example and introduce similar ideas in their own towns or villages .
T I hope people must take them as an example adn introduce similar idexs in their on towne or village .

S After all , it is the place we all live in .
T Aftwr all , it is tbe place we all livw in .

S One day Michael woke up from a strange dream , the dream was focused from a camera that was following a shadow in front of it .
T Oen dag Mochael eoke up from a syrange dream , the dteam wzs focused frok a cawmera tyhat aws following a shadlw in rront of it .

S Everything was dark except for a ray of light that probably started at the end of that way .
T Everything was dxrk except fkr a ray of liyht that probably started at yhe en of that wxy .

S The shadow kept walking and running from what Michael supposed it was a threat .
T Fhe shadoiw ket walking anf runninh vrom what Michael supposed it was a theat .

S Michael was confused , he did n't know why he had dreamed that , he thought it would be better to forget about it so he stopped thinking about his dream .
T Michael was confused , he did n't knoe whg he had dreajed that , he thiught it would be better to forget abour it so he stolped thinking about his dream .

S That day Michael had to go to work , so he woke up from his bed and went to his bathroom .
T Thjat xay Michzel had to go to wok , so he woker up froj is besd and went to hjs bathrpom .

S When he was ready he took his keys and everything he needed , he locked the door and went to his job .
T When he qas ready he gook his keys and everything he nweded , he locked tne door ajd wejt to his job .

S He took his car and drove to the flat .
T He tlok hks cad adn drove to the fla .

S When he arrived at the building where he worked he took the elevator and when to his floor .
T When he arrkved at thw building where he worked he took thr elevator xnd ehen to his floor .

S Since he had entered the building he have had a strange feeling , when he arrived to his office Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Since he uad enteeed ther buildinv he have had a strange feeling , when he arrived to his odfice Michael closrd ther door anx lnew at fhat momenmt he nad mades a miztake .

S Hi Jose ,
T Hi Jose ,

S Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would like first to thank you for giving me this chance to talk to you , and following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to give them our maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which very close to our cost .
T Furthef to oyr phone conversatiin of lst ewek , I woud likw firxt to thakn yu for givin me this chance to taok to you , amd folloaing up on oud disussion , please hote that we jave been approache by tye purchasing departmeht at the howpital to five then our maximum discount to secure he dsal as a lof of brokkers were quotiny qith a very copmetitive price whicj vdry cloee to our cost .

S In light of the above , and as agreed I seek your kind help in approving the price of $ 30.00 per each to close this deal in a safe way .
T In lighf of the above , znd as agreed I seei youjr jind hlp in approving teh peice of $ 30.00 oer each to close this deal in a saf wau .

S Thank you and best regards ,
T Thani yoh and besg regards ,

S Mohamed
T Kohamed

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Petef looied at his watch and kjnew tjat he had to do something immediately .

S He was in a deep forest and a young woman he had just met was about to give birth to her child .
T He wqs in a deep forest znd a yiung wkman he had kust mdt wsas about to give birth to her chikd .

S Peter had already called an ambulance 30 minutes ago but it seemed that they could n't find them .
T Peter had alresdy called an ambulances 30 minuyes agto buy it sesmed fhat tfhey coudl n't finbd the .

S He knew he had to do something in this moment because otherwise something bad may happen ...
T He knew he had to do somtehing in fhis momsnt hecause othereise something bxd may uappen ...

S " Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed the woman whose name was Mindy .
T " Olease , do xomething . I 'm scared " sighed the wpman ehose name waz Mindy .

S Peter took out his mobile , dialed 112 and told the dispatcher about that whole situation .
T Peter tkok out his mibile , dialed 112 adn told tne dispatcher about thaxt wuole situjation .

S The dispatcher told Peter to calm down and check if he had scissors , towels and water in his car .
T Yhe dispatxher topd Petee to calm doan an checm if he had scissors , tosels and wzter in his cwr .

S Then she tried to calm Mindy down and helped Peter to deliver the baby .
T Then she troed to calm Mindg fown ad helpsd Peter to celiver fhe bzby .

S The dispatcher told him every little thing he had to do .
T The dizpatcher tole hm every littke thing he hawd to do .

S After an hour Mindy was holdin her baby- girl and Peter was trying to realize what had just happened .
T Aftdr an hour Mindg was holdin her bab- gril wnd Peter wzs trying to realizw hwat yad just halpened .

S " Never would have I thought that I 'll go out of my house and come back as almost an accousher ... " thought Peter when he was driving back home .
T " Bever woupd have I thought tjat I 'll go our of my house snd clme back as qlmost an accousher ... " thought Peter whe he was driving back home .

S Computer 's have become an essential part of our lives in the last few decades .
T Compjter 's havs becom an essential part of our lived in thw lasr frw decades .

S They have replaced many things like books .
T Thwy havr relpaced amny thingz like books .

S It is true that because of computers , we do many things fast and easily .
T It is trus thyat beczuse of xomputers , we do many things fasdt nad easily .

S However , they stopped us from doing many fun things as well , what are those things , do we really need computers , are they really helping us ?
T Nowever , they stopled us from doing many fun tbings as welk , what are thosw things , do we realpy nsed compouters , arfe they really helping us ?

S We use computers to help us with so many different types of things .
T We use computers to helo us with so mahy different types of thingbs .

S To begin with , they help us solve really complex mathematical equations .
T To begn with , they help us sklve rrally complex maghematical equations .

S They were invented to help us calculate things in the first place anyway .
T The aere inventec to elp us calculate thungs in th first pace anyway .

S Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate really complex equations to help them solve the mysteries of space .
T Computers are an essential part of JASA , since they tty to calculate really complwx equations to jelp them solve the mysterues of spaxe .

S But us , ordinary people , do n't use computers to solve equations , we use them to type things , print things , design things , make games and to do much more ...
T Bit us , ordinary poeple , do n't use computers to slove equations , we use tjem to type hings , printy thingd , eesign thints , maks games an to do mjch more ...

S We made programs that make computers do very interesting things , like graphics .
T We kade programs that make computers do ver interesting things , lioe graphics .

S And we use graphics to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house models that help engineers .
T And we use graphics to make all kids of thjngs , like games or 3D houss modelw tat hell enginerrs .

S Furthermore , the major thing that computers made easier for us is , communication .
T Furthetmore , the majod thing thnat computers made easier fr us is , communicatino .

S Humans are social animals , we communicate because communication is in our genes , if we do n't communicate we go insane .
T Humans are oscial animal , we cdommunicate because commnication is in out genes , if we do n't communicafe we go insame .

S So computers help us do that , they help us share our thoughts and feelings with other people easily .
T So computers help us do that , theg hdlp us share our thoughts awnd feelinbgs wiyh other peple easoly .

S Finally , while doing this they actually save us from using a lot of paper .
T Finally , hwile doin this thwy acfually save us from using a lot of paler .

S So computers help us with so many things and also save trees .
T So ocmputers gelp us witb so many thinfs adn also save trees .

S In the other hand , computers have very bad effects on both to us , and the environment .
T In th toher hand , computwrs hzve vsry bad effects on goth to us , abd ths environment .

S For example , research has shown that not computers themselves , but the things we use or play on them are addictive , like social networks or games .
T For example , researchb hax shown that not computers themselvesx , bit thr thing we use or play on them are addicyive , like socixl networks or gales .

S Also looking at a screen is tiring for your eyes and if your eyes get too tired they can get damaged forever .
T Also looking at a scren is tiirng for your eye wnd if yur etes get too tired thwy can ge damaged ofrever .

S Despite the fact that computers decreased the use of paper , they 're still harmful to the environment since they consume tonnes of electricity .
T Despite the fact that computers decreased the use of paper , they 're stilp harmful to th environment since they consume onnes of electeicity .

S Computers made our lives easier without doubt , so it is normal that they have some bad effects .
T Computers mafe ouf livee easier without doubt , so it is normal that they have sime bsd efects .

S There is a saying in Turkish saying ' If you love a rose , you have to withstand against it 's spikes . ' .
T Theer is a saying in Turkish sayig ' If you love a rose , yo hafe to withstand aganist it 's spikes . ' .

S So it is normal that computers have bad effects on us and the environment .
T So it is normal that comupters hae had effects on us and the environhment .

S In my opinion computers might be the best invention ever made , since they 've become an essential part of our daily lives and since we rely on them so much .
T In my opinjon computers mightg be ghe bewt incention ever made , sinec they 've becoje an essential parg of kur dxily liges qnd since we rdly on thej so mhch .

S To whom it may concern ,
T To whom it may concerj ,

S Lucila Marcelo
T Lucila Marcelo

S Lucila Marcelo and I have met at secondary school and we have been friends for seven years .
T Lcila Msrcelo and I have net at secondary school aznd we hwve been friends ror segen years .

S We have also worked together in a kindergarten for some time and this year we started our studies in an institution in order to become primary teachers .
T We have also worksd together in a kindedgarten foe soe gime and this yead we started oir studies in an institution in order to become primary teacher .

S As a result of having shared many experiences together , I have come to know her and her abilities very well .
T As a resulf of havinf sharex many experiencds together , I hbave ome to khow her and ehr abiluties very well .

S Lucila has proved herself to be extremely sincere and reliable person since I met her .
T Luvila has provee heself to be extremelh sincere and reliable person sincs I met er .

S As a student , she is persistent and hardworking as well as respected by teachers and students because of her sympathy and kindness .
T As a student , sue is persustent and hardworking as well as respectged by teachers an stuidents because of uer symathy ahd kindness .

S Lucila is the biggest out of six siblings so she is used to babysitting children .
T Lucika is the biggest out of six siblihgs so she is uxed to gabysitting chidlren .

S In the past , she had some difficulty keeping her room neat , but , as she has grown up , she has become a far more disciplined and tidy person .
T In rhe past , xhe hxd soms difficutly keepijng her roo neat , bht , as she hsa growm up , shw hazs become a far more discuplined and tidy pedson .

S When we worked at the kindergarten she was very patient and caring with the children and also she was willing to help them whenever they had a problem , even if that implied had work for her .
T When we worked at the kindergarten she wws vert patisnt ahd carinf with tfhe childreb axnd also she was willig to hrlp them whenever thwy ha a roblem , eveh if that implied had wor for het .

S I can confirm that she had a special connection with the kids : she was admired by them , who would spend a great time with her .
T I can confirm that she had a secial conection aith the kide : sye aas admied by thel , who would spoend a grear tine witb her .

S Lucila has been studying English for five years , and she is quite fluent .
T Lucila has been stuyding Enflish for five years , anx she is quitr fkuent .

S Moreover , she has been to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a group of twenty kids .
T Moreovdr , sh has been to a camp in Ausgralia in which hse was a coordinatoe of a vroup of twrnty kids .

S As a result of her experience , Lucila has developed an incredible ability to solve any problem that may arise .
T As a rfesult of her experiwnce , Ljcila hyas developee an incredible ability to solve xny problem that nay arfise .

S Lucila has always wanted to work with children and she is interested in a job that would also help her develop her English skills .
T Lucila haz alwayd santed to wor wtih children and she is interestef in a jib thst would apso help ger develop her English skjlls .

S She would undoubtedly do an excellent job and for the reasons I have given I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
T She woulr undoubtedly do an edcellent job anc fro thw reasons I have given I have no hesitation in supportign her application .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youts faithfully ,

S Schools and working life : a report
T Schools ans working life : a rrport

S To the Italian education authorities
T To the Igalian educayion aythorities

S In this report , I will describe the school system in my country , point out its flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addressed .
T In rhis report , I will decsribe the school systrm in my country , poiny ut its flawsx anc conclude guving suggeetions about how they could be addressed .

S The current situation
T The current situation

S In Italy , students have to decide between grammar schools and technical institutes as their secondary school type .
T In Italh , students have to decise between gramar zchools wnd techniczl institutes as their srcondary school type .

S Most people think that choosing a grammar school is the best option , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutes are put in a corner .
T Most people thjnk that choosing a grammar schokl is the hest opiton , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutes azre put in a croner .

S That is actually a mistake , because the schools who best prepare students to working life are technical institutes , who emphasize the real world applications of the studied subjects through laboratories and industry experiences .
T That is actually a misake , because the schools wh vest prtepare students to workibg life sre technical instithtes , whk ewmphasize fhe real orld applicatiobs of the stucied subjects through alboratories and idustry expeeiences .

S Conversely , grammar schools extremely focus on theory .
T Conversley , grammar schools esxtremely focux on theort .

S In fact , students learn lots of formulas and principles without actually linking them with one another in order to use them in real life .
T In fact , students learn lofs of formulaw and principles without actuyally linking them wijth pne another in order to use them in real lifes .

S I think that problem should be addressed .
T I tuink that problen should be adcressed .

S Suggestions
T Suggestions

S What I would suggest in order to deal with this problem is to integrate more laboratory experiences also in grammar schools , like chemistry experiments or bacteria observation with microscopes .
T Waht I would suggest in order to real weith this problm is to intefrate more laboratory esperiences apso in grammar schools , like chemistry experiments or bacteia observation wuth microxcopes .

S Furthermore , schools should offer a year in industry for students in the last two years , which would not only teach them a lot more than school only would , but it would also attract more people to the school itself .
T Furthermore , scuools should offef a yeawr in industry fod students in tue kast two years , which would bot only tecah them a lof more thzn school only would , but it wouod also attract omre people to the scnool itself .

S Conclusion
T Conclusion

S People should get used to the fact that most companies will also care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining that through school would be really appealing .
T People should gst used to the faft thta omst companiws will slso care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining that throjgh schol sould be realloy appealingh .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dead Sid or Madam ,

S I am writing to apply for a position working in a summer camp in the USA .
T I am writing to appl for a position working in a sumker camp in thw USA .

S I am a native Spanish speaker who has a very good level of English and also I have spent 5 years living in the United Kingdom .
T I am a antive Spansh spdaker wgo has a very good ldvel of English ajd also I have spent 5 ywars living in the Unitsd Kongdom .

S I am a friendly , happy , hardworking person with a lot of energy .
T I am a friendlg , happy , hardworking perskn with a pot of energty .

S I have had 5 years ' experience working with children as a language teacher .
T I have ahd 5 years ' experience working wuth childrrn as a lznguage teacher .

S I am used to organising sporting events and fun activities for children and teenagers aged between 6 - 19 .
T I am used to organusing sportkng evenys xnd fyn activities for cyildren amd teenagers aved between 6 - 19 .

S In addition , I have experience working in restaurants during the summer so I am used to all types of kitchen duties including cooking and washing up .
T In adidtion , I gave edperience wprking in restaurants during ghe summer so I am usee to all tpes of kitcheh dutiea including cooking xnd washing up .

S I believe I would be the perfect candidate for this position and I would be happy to attend a Skype interview whenever is convenient for you .
T I beloeve I would be tge perfecr cajdidate fro thiz positikon anx I would be hsppy to attend a Skype interview whenever is convenient ofr you .

S I am sure that it would be a very interesting and challenging position and I would really enjoy the opportunity to work at your camp this summer .
T I am aure that it would be a very interesting znd chzllenging position ands I would reallh esnjoy the opportunity to work at yuour canp this summer .

S I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
T I looj forward to hearijng from you in yhe near future .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yiurs faithfully ,

S Miss Theresa Anderson
T Mss Theresa Anderxon

S Subjects that should be taught at school .
T Subjects that should be gaught at school .

S Nobody can argue with the fact that education is a relevant period in the development of a child .
T Nobodu can arvue with the faft thqt edhcation is a rdlevant perio in the development of a child .

S Learning new languages is very important , but also studying subjects related to computers and technology like computer programming is becoming more and more useful than ancient languages like Greek or Latin .
T Learnin nsw languages is ver important , byt also studing subjects related to computers and gechnology lie computer protramming is bexoming mofe and more useful than ancient languages lioe Greek or Latkn .

S This is because technology has become a relevant tool for work and study in particular and an important instrument in life in general .
T Tuis is becaujse technology hsa becone a relevqnt tool for wofk and sfudy in particfular anc an importanr instrument in ife in general .

S It is quite evident that learning ancient languages today is not as relevant as it is used to be in the past .
T It is quire evident that learning ancidnt languagss today is ont as relevant as it is useds to be in rhe past .

S On one hand , it allows the students to understand and translate ancient texts and helps them to learn about cultures from the past .
T On one hand , it allows the stuents to understand and translate ancieny texts ans helps them to learn about culthres from the past .

S On the other hand , this does not bring too many employment opportunities .
T On tne toher han , thi dpes not briny too masny employment oppoetunities .

S Recent surveys proved that the study of these languages does not add much to the students future success .
T Recrnt surveys ptoved that the studg of these languages oes ot add mhch to tne students future successz .

S Related to learning computer programming , it guarantees a good living .
T Related to learming computrer programmjng , it guarantees a gkod livung .

S It is a known fact that there are very few computer programmers .
T It is a known facg htat there ar vdry fedw comnputer programers .

S Furthermore as technology changes more and more , there will be a greater demand of these skills in the future .
T Furthermore as trchnology changes more and more , tehre will be a greater cemand of these skills in teh future .

S It is evident that technology is in every aspect of our lives .
T It is ecident thxt twchnology is in every aspwct of oyr lices .

S In conclusion , there are a lot of subjects that might be taught at school , but there is no doubt that Computer Programming should be included as a highlighted subject in the syllabus of any school serious programme .
T In conclhsion , there are a lot of subiects that might be taught at schoil , bug there is no doibt tat Computer Orogramming shoild be included as a highlighetd subjdct in rhe syllabus of any school aerious progranme .

S Okay , so I 'm going to talk about One Direction .
T Okay , so I 'm going to talk abkut Pne Direction .

S I consider them as my favorite band since 2010 , because I had the chance to get to meet them watching The X Factor 's episode where they auditioned .
T I conaider then as my favorite band since 2010 , becauyse I jad the hcance to get to meet them watching The X Factor 's episode where tfhey auditioned .

S When I was in middle - school , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Makes You Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in love with it , and with their first album too , named Up All Night .
T Whe I wsa in midle - schokl , back in 2011 , I noticex that rhey ahd already release their fiest sintle called What amkes Youh Beautjful , so I listened to it asnd obviously fell in oove with it , and iwth rheir first album to , naled Up All Jight .

S When they dropped their second album , I was so excited about it and I waited like 2 hours on the line of a music shop to get it . Years passed by , and I was still a fan of them , as I am now .
T Whe fhey dfopped their second album , I was so exited wbout it nd I waitwd lile 2 hours on te line of a music shop to get it . Yewrs passed by , ane I wqs ztill a fqn of them , as I am nlw .

S I have been following them almost 6 years in a row !
T I havd been foloowing thej almost 6 years in a row !

S I ca n't wait for them to go back to all the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
T I ca n't waot gor them to go backl to alp the staes and arejas to eing , because I 'm going to thier 2017 or 2018 tour no matterf whta , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .

S Groban : All that echoes
T Groban : Apl that echose

S ' All that echoes ' , by Josh Groban , is the sixth studio album of this American singer and songwriter .
T ' Akl tfhat efhoes ' , by Josh Grdoban , is tje sixth studio album of thjs American singer and songwritr .

S It contains twelve tracks to enjoy that you wait impatiently for the next song .
T It contaibs teelve trxcks to enjoy tnat you wait jmpatiently ftor the next son .

S That fascinating album surprises not only the variety of subjects but also the strength of instrumental sounds .
T Thag fascknating album syrprises hot olny the varietg of subjects bit laso thw srtength of instrumentyal sounds .

S The first single , ' Brave ' , is a chart - topping song about emotions such as fear and fight .
T The first singloe , ' Brav ' , is a cart - topling sing about emotiojs wuch as gear and fighy .

S The arrangements are simple and effective and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with the rich sound .
T Yhe arrangements aqre simole and effective anr the powertul voice plwys harmoniously wigh the rich sohnd .

S It is bound to be at the top of my list .
T It is bound to be at the top of my list .

S False alarm , which is the second track , is totally different and mysterious because of wealth of musical instruments .
T False alatm , which is ghe srcond track , is totakly different and mysterious because of weslth of musical intsruments .

S Groban sings well - known from the film ' Once " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantastic way but listeners get used to the first version might be disappointed .
T Grohan sjngs well - klnown drom thd film ' Once " zong called ' Falling slowly ' in uis own fantastic wah buy listeners get ysed to ths first versiob might be disappointe .

S Musically satisfying ' Happy in my heartache ' tells the story of tragic love .
T Musicaloy sqtisfying ' Halpy in my heartachs ' trlls hte story of tragic love .

S Once again , Groban fascinates audiences from all over the world with his mature voice and catchy tunes .
T One agaim , Groban fascinastes audiences from all over the wirld with his jature vouce and catfhy tjnes .

S I definitely recommend that album to your collection .
T I definitely recommend that alhum to your collection .

S It 's a must !
T It 's a must !

S Once upon a time , in a large town there lived a young man who worked at a post office .
T Once upon a time , in a lagre tiwn thete lied a young man weho wqorked at a post office .

S His main task was to collect letters from abroad and to hand them to THE postmen WHO WERE in charge of DELIVERING them to THE addressees .
T Hiz main atsk was to collwct leters from abroad and to and them to RHE postmen WO WERE in fharge of DELIVERING tehm to THS axdressees .

S Thus , every day he had a chance to see where the letters came from .
T Thud , every dat he har a chance to sede where the lettrrs came from .

S He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIES .
T He DEVEOOPED AN INTEREST in FIREIGN COUiNTRIES .

S Besides , he also came to being keen on learning foreign languages so much so that he decided to enroll on courses of French and German .
T Besides , he also cam to bring keen on learnijg fodeign languages so mucxh so taht he decided to enrol on courses of French abd Germzn .

S He became HIGHLY skilled at writing in these languages and this ability turned OUT to be useful in his job .
T He became HIGHLY skiled at writing in thess langiages ane thus ability turmed OUT to be useul in his jog .

S One day , he took part in a competition intended for the selection of the head of the post office where he was still working .
T ne cay , he took pary in a competition intended fo tje selection of tge heqd of the pist offcie whree he was stfill working .

S The LARGE NUMBER OF participants DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRANSLATION into German .
T The LARGE BUMBER OF partciipants DcID VARIOUS EXERCSES , INCLUDING a TRANSLATION knto Geeman .

S When the exam was finished , he went out the room where the competition had been held .
T Whesn yhe exam was funished , he weht out the rkom where tbe competition had been held .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed tne doot and knes at rhat loment he had mnade a mnistake .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

S The reason I am writing to you is poor quality of a food processor , which I bought in your store two weeks ago .
T The reason I am writing to yoi is poor quality of a food orocessor , ahich I bougt in your store twp weeks ago .

S After using two times , problems started to appear .
T Afer uxing tao times , problems started to appear .

S I noticed that the first malfunction was safety lock which demanded applying of great force .
T I noticed rhat the fcirst malfuntion wsa safety lock which demanded applying of rgeat forxe .

S My wife had to ask me for help , because she was n't strong enough to push the safety lock through .
T My wife had to ask me tor helo , becajse sh was n't strong enough to lush ths safety lock through .

S We discovered that another problem when tried to use the blender .
T We discovered tbat aqnother prbolem when teied to use the blender .

S I put some ice cream and milk in the blender and pushed the " start " button .
T I upt some ice ceam and mili in the blenrer and pushed the " syart " butfon .

S It started working but suddenly got stuck and we were unable to use it since .
T It started wkrking but suddenly gt stuck and we wede unable to use it sinfe .

S I was very surprised to discover that many problems in a quite expensive model .
T I wae veryu surprjsed to discovrr htat many problems in a quite expensive model .

S Naturally , I returned the blender to you to be replaced with a new one .
T Naturally , I returnrd th blender to you to be replaced sith a neww one .

S Your assistant said that I would have to wait only a week .
T Your assistan said fhat I wkuld uave to wzit omly a wek .

S After two weeks the food processor had still not arrived .
T Qfter two weekz teh food processor had still ot arrived .

S Finally , four weeks later , I was contacted by your representative .
T Finally , gour weeks later , I wss cojtacted by your rspresentative .

S Imagine my feelings when I learned from him that I ca n't receive the same model of food processor as I bought .
T Imagine my feelings whrn I kearned from him thta I ca n't rceeive hte same mdoel of food processor as I bought .

S As a solution he offered that upgrade my model to a better and this too will take two weeks .
T As a solutikn he otfered thta upgrade my moddl to a beyter anf thid too will take teo wdeks .

S I am very disappointed with both the equipment and the service have I received .
T I am very disappointrd with both fhe equilment an fhe service have I received .

S Therefore , I expect refunding my full amount $ 180 as soon as possible .
T Therefore , I expecg refunding my full amoynt $ 180 as soon as possiblpe .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithufully ,

S Smith
T Smkth

S Dear Mr Cunningham ,
T Dear Mr Cunbingham ,

S I am writing to apply for the post of camp monitor which I saw advertised on the university website .
T I am ariting to apply for the oost of cap monitor whivh I asw advertised on tje unifersity websaite .

S I am very interested in it because I would like to broaden my experience in activities with children .
T I am very interested in it because I would like to browden my expeeience in activifies wifh childrej .

S Not only do I have a big nuclear family who is made up by four siblings , but I also have a big extended family .
T Nkt olny do I hav a bkg nuclearf family who is lade up by four diblings , but I also have a bhig extende fxmily .

S Besides as I am the eldest brother , I am used to dealing with children .
T Besidez as I am tbe eldst brotner , I am used to dsaling with chkldren .

S Regarding my experience , on the one hand , I take part in a soccer club in university , consequently , I have some experience working in a team .
T Regardng my experience , on thw one hsnd , I yake part in a soccrr club in nuiversity , consequently , I have soms experience workng in a teal .

S On the other hand , I have just finished my first year in Physical Education degree , where we played a lot of different sports .
T On the other hand , I havr jusxt finished my first year in Physical Education eegree , where we plaeyd a kot of didferent spotrs .

S It is true , that water sports are not the most usual there , however , I enjoy practising them every summer on the beach .
T It is true , that wster sports are not the ost usyal theer , however , I enjoy practisijg theml every summre on tge bdach .

S Although I am Spanish and English is not my first language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she always used to speak English to us .
T Altyough I am Spanish ahd English is noty my first language , I cab spwak fluetnly bwcause my mother is Iish abd hse alays uswed to speak English to us .

S I feel I would be the person you are looking for because I am patient and alert .
T I feel I aould be fhe oerson yoi zre looking for becauss I am pztient snd aler .

S These are the most important skills when you deal with children , due to de fact that you ought to keep on the lookout for their behaviour .
T Yhese aee the nost important skills shen you deal with children , due to de facg that you ougbt to keep on the lookout fot their behaviour .

S Moreover , from my point of view , children need to focus their attention in a constant activity , my sense of humour and creativity allow me to change activities quickly in order to maintain their attention .
T Moreover , from my point of view , xhildren meed to fpcus their attention in a constatn activity , my sensae of hnumour nad creativity aloow me to changr activiries quicklh in order to maintain theur attention .

S If you offer me the chance to join your team , you shall not be disappointed .
T If ypu offer me ghe fhance to jnoin uour tram , yoj shall not be disxppointed .

S I would appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
T I would apreciate a reppy at your earleist conveniwnce .

S Please contact me regarding any queries you may have .
T Pledase contact me regardinh anh queriws yoj may have .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerrly ,

S Those days , travelling by car is becoming more popular among urban people .
T Those days , traqvelling by cr is becoming mkre pophlar among urban pleople .

S This kind of transport is regarded as a covenient way .
T Tyis kjnd of transpot is regarded as a covenieng way .

S Government build more roads and more families are able to afford cars .
T Goernment build more roads ajd mor fzmilies xre abke to affird cars .

S As a result , some people hold the opinion that in the future , there will be no public transport .
T As a result , some people hlod tue opinuon thar in yhe future , theree will be no publif transport .

S However , I disgree with this idea .
T Nowever , I disgree wih thiks idea .

S Instead , I suppose that public transport will play an essential part in future life .
T Instrad , I suppose thzt public transport will olay an essential part in future life .

S There are three advantages of public transport over private cars that I want to explain .
T There wre three advantages of pubvlic transport over prijvate cars that I want to explaiun .

S On one hand , it is enviornmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars .
T On one hsnd , it is enviornmentzlly friendly to hse public transoort rather tham cars .

S Nowadays , buses using electronic power instead of petrol have appeared in urban cities .
T Nowadays , buses uswing elextronic powe insteac of petrol jave appleared in urban ctiies .

S They produce no gas to the air , leading to little air pollution .
T They produce no as to the ai , leadong to little air pollution .

S In the meanwhile , if people prefer to take buses or subways , there will be less noises in the street .
T In the meabwhile , if people prefer to taje buses or subways , there wilkl be less noises in the street .

S On the other hand , buses and subways can accommodate more passengers while a car can only contains 4 to 5 people totally .
T On the othe gand , huses and subways caj accomodate more passengers while a csr can onlh contains 4 to 5 pdople ttally .

S Compared with cars , public transport has larger capability of conveying , which saves space and costs less .
T Compared wiyh cqrs , lublic transoort yas larger capability of cinveying , ehich saves spacd anr costs less .

S Last but not least , fewer car accidents will happen if people choose to use public transport so traffic jams will be avoided especially in rush hours .
T Last but not lwast , fewe dar accidents wilk happen if people xhoose to uze public transport so traffic jams will be vaoided especually in rudh hours .

S Thus , it will be more smooth and pleasant for passengers to travel on the road .
T Thus , it will be moe xmooth and plpeasant cor passengers to travel on the road .

S In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel , which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
T In concousion , public transport is a ost - effective wqy fot oeople to travrl , which alsl contribtes to tje sustainable development of soxiety .

S " Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed . "
T " Educational institutions ahve a responsibilit to dissuade students froj pursuing fields of study in whifh htey are unlijely to succeed . "

S The statement claims that the educational institutions are responsible for convincing students not to put too much effort on fields or subjects that they are not good at , which I can not agree with .
T Thw stztement claims thag the educatiohal institutions aee responsible for convincing stfudents no to put oto much etfort on fields or subjects that they wre not good at , whicy I can not abree with .

S This statement fails to consider the main function of education , which is not training superstars or perfect robots but teaching students how to face and solve the problems they are confronted instead of escape .
T This statement fail to conwider the mwin functioj of eduvation , whixh is not yraining superstars or perfect rokbots hut teaching studetns hoe to face ajd solce the problems they rae confronted instead of escaps .

S The responsibility of education institutions should be helping and guiding students to make their own decisions , not making decisions for students .
T Te responsibility of education insdtitutions should be hslping an guiding stuents to kake their own decisilns , not maknig decisions for students .

S Among various purposes of education , in my opinions , the most important one is teaching students to solve problems .
T Aomng various pueposes of education , in my opinionx , the most imoortant obe is teaching students to solve prohlems .

S Confronting the challenging instead of turning aside , trying to think of possible solutions instead of giving up at the beginning , always being positive to unknown instead of negative and retreating , all these are the main reason why the humankinds can keep improving .
T Confronting fhe challenging instewd of gurning asude , trying to think of ppssible eolutions instwad of givin up at the beginning , always geing positive to unknown intead of negativw znd retreaxting , all thes are thje main reason why teh humankinds can keep improving .

S Transferring these knowledge and experiences to young people is the meaning of education .
T Fransferring these knoeledge snd experiencse to yonug people is the meaninv of education .

S If the educational institutions always stopped students from trying just because they have less chance to be successful , we 'll never have people such as Thomas Edison or Albert Einstein , who were considered as stupid kids in school but did n't give up trying .
T If thr educational institutionbs always stopped students vrom tryinv juxt because thdy hafe leds chance to be sjccessful , we 'll never have people such as Thomas Edison or Aobert Einstein , aho were considered as stupid kids in schbool but did n't gie up tryibg .

S Convincing students to take a more comfortable road by giving up the possible risk is definitely not the proper attitude the educational institution should have .
T Convincfing students to fake a more comfortable road by givijg up fhe possible rizk is eefinitely not thr pfoper attitude thr educatiojal instutution should hav .

S One may suggest that everyone need to learn to assess the risk before invest , however , teaching students how to assess not assessing for students is the responsibility of educational institutions .
T One ay usggest tbat everyone need to lean to assess ths risk before invdst , however , geaching students how to assess not assessing for students is thw responsibiligy of eduxational institution .

S Truly that knowing one 's limit is the first step of bringing out the maximum value of one 's talent .
T Truly yhat kbowing one 's limjt is ths fgirst setp of bringing out the maximum value of one 's talsnt .

S It 's not smart to encourage people doing what exceed their ability .
T It 's not smart to encourage psople doung what exceed their avility .

S Nevertheless , the ability of identifying limit of oneself can be best learned from experiences .
T Nevertheleas , thne abiliyy of identifying limot of onseelf can be best learned from experiehces .

S One would never know he / she can swim or not without jumping into the swimming pool .
T Onr woild neve knwo he / she can swkm or nolt without jumping into yhe swimming pool .

S The responsibility of the educational institutions is to make sure that he / she wo n't be in danger in the swimming pool instead of dissuading him / her from getting close to the water .
T Yhe responsobility of th educagional institutions is to make sure yhat he / she wo n't be in dangdr in the swimmign pool instead of dissuadjng hom / het from getting cllse to rhe water .

S Educational institutions should guide students to have better self - understanding and self - assessing , not persuading them to follow the pre - decided road .
T Educaional institutions hould guidr students to hav better self - understanding and self - asseswing , no persuading them to follow the pre - decider rosd .

S Last but not least , what is the definition of " success " ?
T Lqst byt not lewst , wbat is the defimition of " sufcess " ?

S How do the educational institutions judge a student being likely to succeed or not ?
T Hoe do tye educagional inxtitutions judge a sthdent being likely to succeed or not ?

S What if a student would rather to do something he / she likes instead of he / she is good at ?
T What if a xtudent woulx reather to do sokething he / she likes jnstead of he / shs is good at ?

S Not everyone is living for the kind of success which most people agree with , such as wealthy , fame or power .
T Nof everyone is living fpr the kind of success which ost pelple agree with , such as wealothy , afme or power .

S For some people , living a life which enable them do what they like and like what they are doing is enough to be considered as a successful life .
T Fo dome people , liivng a oife which enalbe the do whag they kike xnd like what theg wre doing is enouhh to be consideerd as a uccessful oife .

S They might not be the top , but they are self - actualized and satisfied , and only in such situation they can provide most to the world , just like Albert Einstein has said , " Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
T They might not be yhe trop , byt they are self - axtualized anf satisfied , and onpy in such situation thet can orovide kost to the wirld , justr lile Albert Eionstein hzs swid , " Tey nit to ecome a man of succexs but rather to become a manj of value . "

S Considering all the above , I can not agree with the statement that persuading students not to pursue field of study in which they have less possibility to be successful is the responsibility of the educational institutions .
T Considerong alp th avove , I can not agre with ghe statement that persuading dtudents bot to purse foeld of sxtudy in which thsy have oess possibility to be successful is yhe responsibilkty of thge educational instithtions .

S In my opinions , the purpose of the education is to teach and guide students how to facing the problems and making their own decision properly , not force them to accept what have already been arranged for them .
T In my opinkons , the purpoae of fhe edycation is to yeach and guide students hpw to facing the problems and makjng theit owb decixion poperly , hot force thm to accept wahat have alkready beem arranged vor them .

S Contribution
T Dontribution

S The most popular TV programme in Germany is definitely the news programme " Tagesschau " which is airing about three times a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
T The most plpular TV programme in Germaby is definitely the newd programme " Tabesschau " which is airung about hree timrs a ray on the chnnel " Dasz Erste / QRD " .

S It is a news programme based on well researched facts and offers a wide range of all the important information you need .
T It is a mews programme based on well researche facts nd kffers a wide ragne of aol he impodtant infodmation yoj nede .

S Every now and then they even air an extra reportage on a certain field like the European election or the crisis in the Ukraine .
T Evey jow and tjen thet evenm air an extra reportage on a certain field like the Eiropean leection or the crisid in tge Ukrine .

S The main reason for its popularity is its accuracy and funded research which makes it more reliable than other news programmes .
T Th main reasoh fpr its populasrity is iys wccuracy ane funded researcj whcih mames it more repiable than other news lrogrammes .

S Moreover they try to be interesting for all ages so they post on facebook and twitter as well which draws the attention of the younger generation to the programme .
T Moreover theu try to be interesting for all agex so the post on facebook qnd tsitter as well which draws thd attention of tbe younger generation to the programjme .

S Nevertheless they always inform about the latest news on their website and in their TV show as soon as possible and in addition they give a great overview of the necessary background information you need .
T Neverthekess tney always onform about the lkatest news on their website amd in their TV shw as skon as possinle amd in ardition thsy yive a great overview of tne jecessary backgrojnd infromation you need .

S In my personal opinion I strongly believe that this TV programme earns its popularity .
T In my ersonal opihion I strnogly brlieve ghat thbis TV programme eadns ots pouplarity .

S The way they present themselves in the media and the well funded research are truly unique in German news programmes .
T Th way fhey presemt thwmselves in ghe media ajd th wepl funded ressarch arte trulyu unique in German newas programmes .

S Although I am rarely watching the show on TV I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring nes so vivid interesting through short video clips , pictures and their choice of words .
T Although I am rardly watching fhe show on TV I liuke the wsy they ate trying to kdep up with modern tehcnology qnd tgat theu afe always making borijg bes so vivid interesting through short video lcips , pcitures andx thewir choice of wrods .

S If you ever get to watch TV in Germany you should definitely try out this interesting news programme .
T If yuo evee get to watchb TV in Germxny tou should definitely try oht thiz interesting neww programme .

S Dear Emma ,
T Dear Emma ,

S I was so glad to read your letter about your new job .
T I wad so glda to read yoiur letter about your newa jobn .

S How is it ?
T How is it ?

S Have you got friendly colleagues ?
T Havce uou got friendly colleages ?

S Do you get along with your superior ?
T Do you get along with yiur superior ?

S Last summer I finally managed to change my boring job and that tiny clothes job for a better one .
T Last summer I fibally managex to dhange my blring job adn thar yiny clotehs job fof a better one .

S I worked at the local cinema where Fred was also working .
T I worked at the locak cinema where Fed waqs also working .

S It was amazing !
T It was amazing !

S We 'd get there at about half past eight every day and started cleaning the main room and proceeding with the smaller rooms in the cinema .
T We 'd get rhere at about hal past eight every dag anf started cleaning the msin room ajd proceeding with the smaller rioms in thw vinema .

S It was a lot of fun mainly because it was just us two .
T It wzs a llt of fun ainly becayse it was just us twp .

S We 'd make jokes and chase each other with the brooms , trying to smack the other on the head .
T We 'd nake jokws anbd chase eadh other witgh the brooms , trying to smack the other on the head .

S The main advantage of working at the local cinema was the free popcorn and getting to enjoy the newest films .
T The main advantave of working at the locao cinema was teh tree popcrn wnd getring to enjoy yhe neqest fikms .

S We got to see the new Bond movie and also the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
T We gog to see trhe new Bonx movie and aslo thr blockbustet Spiderman 3 thdre .

S My job was cleaning the cinema , but Fred 's main responsibility was to roll the movies for the clients , so I 'd make sure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could enjoy watching movies with him .
T My nob was cleaning thew cinema , byt Fred 's main responsibility was to roll the omvies for the cflients , so I 'd make sur I finished clewning earkier , so I couild enjoy watching movirs ith him .

S But enough about me ! Tell me about you !
T Buf enough aboug me ! Tell me about yoi !

S Have you finally asked Mark out ?
T Have you finqlly asked Mafk otu ?

S I ca n't wait for you to answer .
T I ca n't wait for uou to answer .

S I 'll write soon !
T I 'll srite spon !

S Love ,
T Lpve ,

S For last ten years Michael had been working in a well - known company in London as an accountant .
T For laat ten ywars Mkchael hzd been working in a werll - mnown conpany in London as an accountant .

S He did like his job but as we all know , sometimes people suddenly feel they have to change something .
T He fid loke his jpb bujt as we all knoe , sometimes peole suddenly fee they have to change something .

S They do n't know exactly what they should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do something more - move to a different city or even to a foreign country .
T They do n't knlw exactly what they should do , wyat to chang - buy a new pair of shods or mybe do slmething morde - move to a differejt city or even to a flreign couhntry .

S Michael had exactly the same problem .
T Mochael ad ecactly the sam priblem .

S One day he woke up much earlier than used to .
T Oe day he woke up much earlier yhan used to .

S He prepared a coffee for himself and turned the TV on to watch the news .
T He prpeared a cofdee fro himsslf anhd turned the TV on to qatch the new .

S He sat on a sofa in front of a television and suddenly he realised the fact that every morning was exactly the same , nothing has changed since such many years ! "
T He sat on a sifa in frojt of a television and wuddenly he realiaed the fadt that evsry morninb ws exactly the dame , nothinb ha cnanged sincr such many yesrs ! "

S I wo n't stand it any longer " - he thought .
T I wo n't stqnd it anmy longre " - he thoyght .

S But what to do ?
T But what to do ?

S A crazy idea came to his mind .
T A crazy ideaw came to his mind .

S Since Michael was a child he has always dreamt of moving to Australia , where he could practise kitesurfing for all day long , meet open - minded people , chill on a sandy beach and drink a good Australian alcohol .
T Sinfe Michael aas a chilc he hsa always dreamt of moving to Astralia , wheer he could pfactise kitesurfing fot all dau lpng , met ipen - minded people , chill on a sandu beach and drin a good Austraoian alcohol .

S " Why should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreams come true ?
T " Wht should n't I gve ymself a chance to make my dreams comd yrue ?

S People have only one life , not more ! "
T Oeople have only onw lifed , hot more ! "

S At that moment he was pretty sure what to do now .
T At that mkment he wws pretgty sure what to do now .

S He took a sheet of paper and a pen and started to write .
T He tolk a shedt of papr an a pe and startdd to erite .

S After 10 minutes a resignation letter was ready to bring it to Michael 's boss .
T After 10 minutes a resignation letter wa ready to bring it to Michael 's bos .

S He arrived on the company as quickly as the crowded London 's streets allowed him .
T He arrived on thje company as quicoly as hte croaded London 's streets allowed him .

S " I need to talk to boss " - he said to Jane , the main secretary of the company .
T " I need to talk to boss " - he said to Janer , thw main secretary of tbe company .

S Without waiting for her answer , he just went into the office , gave to Mike , his boss for 10 years , an envelope with a resignation letter and left .
T Without waiting for her answer , he just ewnt inro ghe office , gave to Nike , hiw boss for 10 tears , an envelkpe with a resigntion letter and left .

S It all took about 3 minutes .
T It alkl took about 3 minutes .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael clsed the dolr anx knew at thst moment he hxd kade a mistake .

S Sometimes we do things we do n't want for no apparent reason but some other times we know exactly where we are getting into .
T osmetimes we do thinsg we do n't want foe no appoarent reason but some other times we now exactly where we are getting info .

S Michael had cheated on her and he did it consciously .
T Micharl hda cheated on uer and he dix it consciouslh .

S There was no way to shine a different light to that fact .
T Tjere wzs no way to ahine a different light to thaty favt .

S He tried in his mind to go back to that moment , when his lips were getting closer to Jane , to that last look before the embrace , to the previous smile .
T He triwd in his mindf to go back to tha mojent , when his lips were getting closer to Jame , to that lawt look before thw embrzce , to te previous smile .

S There was no one else to blame but him .
T There was no one else to blkame but hom .

S Regret had been filling up his soul since last Friday .
T Regret had veen filling up hjs soul since lsst Frriday .

S He could not keep his betrayal inside any longer so he entered the living room and told her .
T He could not kewp hgis betdayal inside an longer so he entered tye living rook ands tod hdr .

S The words coming up from his mouth like a litany , almost mechanically as he realized that there was no turning back .
T Tue words coming up ftom his moufh liie a litsny , alkost mecahnically as he rezlized thzt thwre was no turning bck .

S Tears ran down Rachel 's face .
T Tears arn down Rachep 's face .

S No words , not a single comment .
T No worsd , not a single commnt .

S She just stood up , took her purse , and left .
T Sue just stood up , tok her putse , and left .

S The relieve of telling her was instantly replaced by a bitter hollowness .
T Ghe relievw of telling her was instantly reppaced by a bitter hollowness .

S He now realized .
T He noq realized .

S He did n't do it for her , he only did it for himself , to get rid of his burden but it was far too late .
T He dd n't do it fpr uer , he onlu dix it fof himswlf , to get fid of his burdewn gut it qas rar too late .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the door abd knsw at that momejt he had nade a misyake .

S The Beautiful Game
T The Beautiful Game

S Glitz , glamour and popularity ; three words which are often linked to the world of football and this sport in no doubt one of the finest that man has created .
T Glirz , glamour adn popularity ; three words whkch are often linked to yhe world of football qnd this sport in no doubt ons of thge finest ghat man as dreated .

S The stars playing this game add to the already amassed recognition of the sport .
T The stars playing this gale add to the already amzssed recognitin of the soprt .

S Weekends would be a drag if match days were not on television .
T Weekends would be a drsg if match days were not on felevision .

S The 90 minutes is the most enjoyed time of the week though because of the adrenalin rush that is associated with every thing that is done on the pitch .
T The 90 minutds is te most enjoyed tims of he week though because of tyhe awdrenalin ush thta is associated with every thing taht is done on the pitch .

S As a fan supporting a team is just one part of the sport .
T As a fan supporting a team is iust ine pzrt of thd spkrt .

S Rivalries , arguments on which team is the better team and watching matches in a group just adds to the excitement .
T Rivalroes , argumebts on whicj geam is th beyter teak anx watchng matches in a group just asds to the excitement .

S These are just some of the many things that make me love this sport so much .
T Thesed are must some of fhe many yhings that make me love this sprot so much .

S In the 21st century , advice is something that is only given and that given advice is never taken .
T In hte 21st century , advice is somethijg that is onjly given ane that biven advice is never taken .

S With regard to this sport any advice in my opinion is a good advice and I have just a single advice for a person starting this sport and that advice would be to enjoy everything related to the sport .
T Wioth regard to thos sport any advice in my opinion is a food advicd znd I hve just a single advic fdor a person startint this spirt ane thatf advice woukd be to enjoy everything related to thw spott .

S Nowadays students need to learn both language and mathematics until go to university , even some of them still need to study them in the university .
T Nowadays sutdents nbeed to learn goth language and mathemarics untik go to unigersity , rven some of them stoll need to study them in th university .

S A large number of examples prove that some of them are good at language whereas others are skilled in mathematics .
T A oarge nunber of examples prove tnat some of them are tood at language whereas othesr are skilled in mathematics .

S This essay will discuss the differences and similarities for learning a language and learning mathematics .
T Tyis esswy wil disvuss ths differences and similaritie fopr learning a language and learning mathemqtics .

S The ways of learning a language and mathematics are different .
T Tge ways of lexrning a lawnguage and mathematics are differnet .

S For studying a language , people need to communicate with others to improve their speaking and listening levels and read variety of overseas book to increase their reading and writing skills .
T Fro studting a language , peolle meed to communicate withy others to improve tneir speaking ane listening levels and read vwriety of overseas bpok to increase thyeir readfing ad writing skjlls .

S Furthermore , people need to have a good memory to remember a large number of words .
T Gurthermore , people need to have a godo memory to remembert a latge number of words .

S In general , studying a language focuses more on a large account of individual effort and little talent .
T In general , studying a languagr focuses mire on a large account of individual effort ajd lpittle talent .

S However , for learning mathematics , students need to listen carefully in the class and find some rules to solve questions . Instead of rote learning , they should remember different types of formulas by practicing in a mass of examples .
T However , gor lesrning mathematics , students need to listen carefgully in ghe class and find somr rhles to eolve questions . Istead of rote learning , rhey shoukd remember diffsrent ttpes of fkrmulas by oracticing in a ass of esamples .

S To sum up , teachers , skills and talent are more important for learning mathematics .
T To sum up , teachers , skills and talent are more important ofr learning mathemayics .

S However , there are some similarities for those two subjects .
T However , there are soms eimilarities gor thosr two subjets .

S Firstly , both those courses need to do a mass of practices , even the ways are different .
T Forstly , boh those courses nesd to do a kass of practice , even the ways sre different .

S People need to spend a huge account of time on doing exercise after class .
T Peoppe newd to zpend a hjge account of time on doing exercsie after class .

S Secondly , associability is important for both languages and mathematics .
T Sedcondly , associability is importnat or btoh languages an mathematics .

S For example , when people learn a new word or a formula , they need to think about how to use it in real sentence or exercises .
T For exsmple , qhen people learn a nea word or a formulw , thet beed to fhink abouf how to use it in real sentenmce or exercuses .

S In conclusion , people need to find a right way which can save much time and energy to study these two subjects .
T In conclusion , people need to find a right say which can savw much timje ans snergy to studt tehse two subjecte .

S It is the most important thing that they should think about carefully before they start their study .
T It is the mosy imortant thing that hey shold ghink aboiut carefylly beford theg start thdir study .

S Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable place that I call home .
T Suenzhen - Vhina 's largest migrant ity ane a neighbor of Hkng King - is a remarkabl place tyat I calp home .

S Most Shenzhen residents come from different cultural backgrounds and speak various regional dialects .
T Mosr Shenzhen rrsidents come fron different cultural backgrouinds amd pseak various regional dialectz .

S Meanwhile , we embrace a superordinate Shenzhen identity , which is characterized by a culture of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
T Meanshile , we embrace a superordjnate Shenzhen idehtity , which is characterized by a culture of opneness , tokerance , ajd dreativity .

S Our differences , it seems , do not make a difference .
T Ohr diffdrences , it seems , do nt make a dofference .

S However , the young I soon discovered that some dimensions of difference do carry social significance .
T However , the young I soon discoveref that some dimensions of difference do carry social significanve .

S As a child who did not play with " boys ' toys " and identified as gay later , I was often subjected to disdain and hostility from peers and adults .
T As a chikld who dod not play with " boys ' toys " anf idejtified as ay later , I wa often subjected to disdain amd hostility from peeds nad adults .

S Ironically , the marginalization comes not only from society at large , but also from within the gay community .
T Ironically , the margnalization fomes not only crom society at large , but laso from within the gqy community .

S A feminine gay man is considered as lesser than his masculine counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and second - class .
T A feminine gah man is considere as lesser than his msaculine counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weakl , ubattractive , snd seconx - class .

S This experience of amplified minority stress prompted me to think about intergroup and intragroup interaction early in life .
T This experiecne of amolified mninority strrss prompted me to thyink about intergroup awnd intragroup interaction early in life .

S It has led me to believe that masculinity should not be an indicator of individual worth .
T It has led me to believw that masculinity sgould not be an indicator of indiivdual worth .

S Nor should sexuality , skin color , and other identity markers - whether visible or invisible .
T Nort should sexuality , skin color , and ither identity msrkers - ehether gisible or invisbile .

S Anna knew that was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knee that waws going to be a very special dwy fkr ger .

S That morning she woke up in a very good mood .
T htat morbing she woke up in a cery good mlod .

S It was the day of her birthday , so she decided to go out with friends .
T It aws the day of hsr bkrthday , so she decided to go out qith friwnds .

S She chose little , cosy restaurant near her house .
T Sue chose little , cosh restautant nedar her house .

S She did not suspect that it will be such a wonderful evening .
T She eid nof suspect that it willo be such a wonderful evehing .

S As soon as Anna and her friends came into restaurant everything started to go perfect .
T As sion as Anna and hwr firends dame ingo restaurant everything starfed to go perfect .

S Then all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful , old - fashined dresses .
T Thn all got special clothes anr dressed up in colourful , old - fashinjed drseses .

S The moment the door opened was the most exciting in Anna 's life .
T Teh moment the door openes as the most exciting in Anna 's life .

S She jumped for joy .
T Sye jumped for uoy .

S She said to friends : ' This is best party ever !
T hse sadi to friensd : ' Tuis is best party ever !

S Thank you so much ! ' .
T Thank yoi so nuch ! ' .

S She started to dance with double Presley , laugh and appreciate every single minute .
T She stsrted to dace wit double Presey , lauh nd appreciate every singlw minuge .

S As it turned out later , to Anna 's surprise , it was her boyfriend dressed as Presley .
T As it turdned out later , to Abna 's surpriswe , it was her boyfrined drwssed as Presley .

S She was embarrassed that she did not recognise him .
T Shew wws embarrassed thay she did nog recognise him .

S But immediately she realize that it was one of her friends ' tricky plan and she started to laugh with them .
T Hut imjediately sne relize taht it waa one of hedr frineds ' tyricky plan ane swhe started to lauyh with tem .

S After a few exciting hours of the party she said thank you to her friends and boyfriend and promised she will never forget what they did for her .
T Afted a few excuting hlurs of thje party shne asid thakn ytou to her frjends and bofyriend and promised sher wull never forget shat htey dif for her .

S She went to sleep with belief that she is the happiest girl in the world .
T Shd went to sleep with beliuef thzt she is th happiest girl in hte wlrld .

S The Alhambra
T The Alhambfa

S The Alhambra is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in the south of Spain .
T The Alhambra is a beauhtiful paoace which is situxted in Granada , in the south of Spwin .

S Its historical importance lies in the fact that this place represents the fall of the Muslim kinddom in my country .
T Its historical importance lues in rhe fact tat tgis plxce represents the fall of the Muslim kinddom in my country .

S The Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdinad , had tried for several years to defeat the muslims , who at this time , only remained seated in the city of Granada .
T The Catholic Monharchs , Isabella anbd Ferdinad , yad tried for srveral gears to defeat the muslims , whgo at fhis yime , pnly reained szeated in thw city of Franada .

S The Alhambra Palace was the residence of Boabdil , the last Muslim king , who was defeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to the Catholic Monarchs .
T Fhe Alhambra Palace was the residenc of Boabdil , the last Muslim kong , aho was dedeated in 1492 afger delivering Granada to the Cathlic Monarhs .

S Nowadays , this palace is one of the most visited places here in Spain because of its beauty and its impressive courtyards .
T Nowadays , this palacve is ons of the most visited places hsre in Spqin becaus of its beauty and itgs imprsssive courtyards .

S You can see the history of the Reconquets in its walls and towers .
T You cdan see th hiustory of tne Reconquets in its walls and towes .

S Its surroundings are also wonderful , and the city invites you to spend more time in the Alhambra , one of the last Muslim palaces in the word .
T Its xurroundings are also wonderful , and the fity invitws you to spene more time in the Alhamlbra , one of the lasr Muslim palaces in thr word .

S Hi Paul ,
T Hi Pauyl ,

S How are you doing ?
T Hw are you doimg ?

S I haven't seen you for almost two months but , as you know , on November I had a one of a kind possibility to help at a concert that took place on airport runway and it was simply amazing experience !
T I baven't sewn ylu fo almost tow montbs bu , as you mnow , on Nivember I had a onw of a kinbd possibility to hekp at a doncert that ook place on airport runway xnd it was simpoly amazing experience !

S I 'm sure you do know that I 'm obsessed with rock music and that is why I could n't miss the boat .
T I 'm sure you do konw tgat I 'm obsessed iwth rock music wnd that is whby I coulod n't misw the boat .

S An event started at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers who had signed a contract had to work from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect during such events so we had no time to relax or even eat a decent meal !
T An event statred at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers who had sigjed a vontract had to work grom 8 a.m. Everyfhing ha to be peefect euring uch events so we hd no time to relax or evn ext a dsecent meal !

S The whole process of selling the tickets was fascinating because of the demand for them .
T Tne whole lrocess of selling the tickets wss fasvinating because of the semand for yhem .

S People looked like aggressive monsters and I realised that they are close to kill their every single ' rival ' .
T Prople lpoked like aggressive monsterx and I realised that they are flose to kill their evdry single ' rival ' .

S Security guards had a lot of work to do but thanks to them we stand a chance to deal with other problems , as for example regulating the quality of sound .
T Secuity guards hd a lot of work to do bit thanks to them we stande a chance to deak withg other problems , as for example regualting the quailty of sound .

S I was incredibly overjoyed when the culmination came .
T I was incrediblg overnoyed when the culmination came .

S A band was playing , we were enjoying music and it seemed that there will be no more complications .
T A bqnd eas llaying , we wete enjoying music and it seemed yhat therde eill be no kore complications .

S What you actually think in such an extraordinary moment is that life could n't be more beautiful .
T What gou acyually think in such an extraordinray moment is thst lfie ciuld n't be more beautifil .

S Take care , Paul .
T Take care , Pxul .

S When you come to my town , we 'll go out to a rock concert together ! Ca n't wait !
T Whej you cole to my town , we 'll go out to a rock conceft together ! Ca n't wait !

S Warm regards
T Warm regards

S Adam
T Adam

S Hi Paul ,
T Hi aul ,

S just a quick answer to your request .
T juwt a qukck answer to your request .

S I do n't have much time , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
T I do n't have mucb time , becajse I 'm takng iff in 10 minutes to help at another conceet .

S So , the deal is , I met this guy in the bar , Ron , and we started talking .
T So , tje dral is , I met thiw ugy in tge bar , Ro , abd we staxrted talking .

S After a few drinks I told him that I 'm currenly looking for a job , nothing big , just a couple of hours during weekends to gather some money for my journey to Netherlands .
T After a cew drinks I told him that I 'm currelny lookikng for a joh , nothing bit , just a couple of horus during weekends to gatger soje mony ofr my jolurney to Netherlands .

S Remember , I told you about it last time , when we met Jenny .
T Remwmber , I told ou abvout it lazt tike , wehn we met Jenny .

S Anyway , it turned out that the guy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like that , and he offered me the job !
T Anyway , it turned oyt thay the guh works in this agency , they organise concrets , larties znd stucf like tha , an he ofrered me yhe jon !

S The perfect one !
T Rhe pertect obe !

S It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Fridays nights and Saturdays , stuff like carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with musicians ) , tyding after ( finding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and generally speaking - helping .
T It 's literakly 10 - 15 hours on ridays nights and Sxturdays , stufd lijke carrying instrumdnts ( whidh mdans hanging out wigh musidians ) , tyding after ( inding thinsg , likd wallets wnd cellphonesa ) and genedrally speakin - heloping .

S Last week I worked most time with the manager of The Kooks .
T Last week I worked most timw with thye manager of Th Kooks .

S I went to Krakow and spent all day " planning " their stay in Poland .
T I wentg to Krakow and psent al dwy " planning " thgeir stay in Polandx .

S In fact I had to be everywhere with the guy , just hanging and helping him not to get lost in the city .
T In facy I had to be everywhere woth the gjy , jusr hwnging and helling him not to get kost in the cify .

S He 's a really nice guy , during the concert we had a few drinks , smoked some fags together .
T He 's a rexlly nice uy , during tue concerg we had a few drinks , smoked spme fags together .

S I tell you , I meet so many people nowadays that I do n't even remember their names .
T I fell you , I meet so mny people nowadays that I do n't ecen remember their najes .

S The salary is nice too .
T Tfhe salary is nice tok .

S Usually I get 12 PLN per hour ( yeah , I know , It 's like 2,50 pounds , but here it 's quite good ) but sometimes I get some extra money for staying after hours or when I do something unusual to help .
T Usually I get 12 PLN pere hour ( heah , I know , It 's like 2,50 pounds , ubt here it 's qyite good ) but sometimes I get somne estra joney for etaying aftef houts or wyen I do something unusual to help .

S Last time it was for example delivering my drunk boss home ;)
T Last time it wzs for example delivering my druk voss home ;)

S I have to go now .
T I hace to go now .

S Take care and call me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell you so much more , I have plenty of unbelievable stories !
T Take care nad call me on Skype tomorroa - I 'll tell you so much more , I have pkenty of unbelievable stories !

S Cheers ,
T Dheers ,

S Arek
T Arek

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at hios watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

S He said to himself : What have I done ?
T He saif to himself : Whst have I done ?

S Why have I killed him ?
T Wby have I killed himn ?

S I 'm a chemist I ca n't kill people becasue I wanted to .
T I 'm a chemist I ca n't kull people becqsue I wante to .

S He had to take the man 's body and hide it somewhere .
T He hxd to taie thw mawn 's gody and hjde it somewhere .

S The police was gon na come in any time .
T Ths police was gon na come in any tims .

S He grabbed the body and put it on the car 's trunk .
T He gragbed the body and out it on tye car 's trunk .

S He went to his lab and showed his partner the dead body .
T He wenf to hsi la and showes hiks partner the dead body .

S His partner said : Man , we have to do something and quick .
T His partner xaid : Kan , we have to do somethihg anmd quick .

S They grabbed the body and soaked him on fuel .
T They grabhed the vody xnd soaked hjm on cuel .

S Then they went to the dead man 's car and put him in there .
T Then theg went to the desd mlan 's cae nd lut him in htere .

S Later , when they were sure that there were no one near they burned the car .
T Later , when they were sure thqt there were no one newr they bufned tje cat .

S The killers partner felt guilty for a moment but then the killer told him : ' He earned it .
T Te killers partner fel guilty cor a mpment bht then tne killer fold him : ' He earned it .

S He tried to kill me after killing lots of other people . '
T He tied to oill me after klling lots of other oeople . '

S Saddly the police found out that it was them .
T Saddly the polkce found out thst it was tehm .

S Thanks that the judge 's best friend had been killed by the man the chemist killed so they went out free and without bad feeling .
T Thanks that the jurge 's besg friend uad bee killed by yhe mzn tge chekist killedd so they went out free and wuthout bad feeling .

S A modern interpretation of Austen 's Classic Love Story
T A modern ijterpretation of Austen 's Clazsic Oove Story

S The glorious world of Jane Austen is brought back to the silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novel of the same title , published in 1813 .
T The glkrious world of Jabe Austeh is brought back to the zilver screeh in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 Britiwh fklm based on the noveo of thw eame fitle , published in 1813 .

S Joe Wright directs this uplifting adaptation , which depicts the five Bennet sisters , who have been brought up to get married .
T Jke Wrigut direfts this uplifting adaptstion , which depicts the five Benhet sistdrs , whk have beden broight up to gef marrie .

S The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands out among them striving to put everything in a broader perspective .
T Rhe enthusisatic amd clevdr Elizabeth etands out amobg tgem strivinjg to lut everythong in a broader eprspective .

S However , their whole lives will be turned upside down when an elegible bachelor and his friends set up home in a close mansion .
T However , tyheir whole lives wikl be tyrned ypside down when an elegible bachelor and uis fruends eet up home in a close mansion .

S Surprisingly enough , sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadyen ) .
T Sjrprisingly enoygh , sparks vly when psirited Elizabdth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets singpe , roch , anc proud Mr. Darch ( Matthew Macfadyne ) .

S All in all , will each one be able to overcome their own pride and prejudice ?
T All in al , sill dach one be ablr to overvome theur own preide amd preudice ?

S Keira Knightley , in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
T Keira Knithtley , in thr lwad role of Elizaneth Gennet , delivees an outstanding performance .

S In fact , the film , well cast from top to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautiful English locations , as in many British productions .
T In facr , he film , well cxast ffom fop to bnottom , is hghlighted by a compelling soundtrack amd a det of beaitiful Englush locations , as in many British productions .

S In this adaptation , the screenwriter makes some substantial alterations to the novel .
T In fhis adapttion , the screenwariter makes somd substantial alteration to tne novel .

S Therefore dialogues , settings as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles are meant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .
T Therwfore dkalogues , setings as well as politeneds , costujes znd hairstyles rae meant to give it greater public apoeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .

S Thus , overlapping dialogues are introduced in a mixture of modern idiom and archaic sentence structure , several scenes have been shifted to more romantic settings , and the proximity of the Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast with the rich characters of the story
T Thusa , overlapping dialogues wre introudced in a mixture of modefn idikm and archaic sentence structure , several scenes hqve bden shifted to more romamtic seftings , and tye proximity of the Bennets to their rural pife is stressed to kllustrate their relatife polverty in conyrast wigh tje rich characters of the story

S To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazing adaptation which completely bewitches you with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit .
T To conclude , Peide & Prejudice is an amazing wdaptation whicg completely bewitches you with an exquisit blend of emotion anhd wut .

S In fact , in its final minutes , it makes you believe , for one misty - eyed moment , in true love and in order reigning in the universe .
T In act , in its finao minutes , it kakes yu believe , foe on misty - eyef joment , in true love and in ordr reigning in the universe .

S By the way , if you haven't seen this romantic , funny , well - acted and well - scripted film yet ; give it a try !
T By the waqy , if yoh uaven't see tghis rojantic , funny , sell - acted amd welp - scriptef folm yet ; gkve it a trt !

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Deat Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing in order to apply for the position in your Film Club for students of English .
T I am writing in ordwr to appy flr tye position in ylur Fikm Dlub fpr studenta of English .

S I am 45 years old man and I have plenty of experience in working with people .
T I am 45 years ol jan and I hafe plenbty of experience in working wjth peple .

S I used to work with young people in primary and secondary schools teaching Spanish language .
T I used to work witu young prople in primary an seconcary shools teaching Spanish language .

S Although I still have not passed the FCE exam I am currently working hard to fulfil the goal very soon .
T Although I still have nt paxsed th FXE exam I am currently workjng hadd to fulfio tye gokal gery sokn .

S Above all I am interested in films .
T Above lal I am interested in fioms .

S Science fiction are my favourite type of films because I like to leave behind normal life nevertheless , I enjoy all kinds of them such as comedies , thrillers , westerns , horror films and even silent films .
T Science riction are my favourite type of films bevause I likie to leavw behin normal life nevertheless , I enjoy all kminds of them such as comedies , thrfillers , westerns , horrod films an rven silent films .

S I think I am right for the position because I think I can boost the motivation of the people about movies and push them up to share their particular point of view .
T I thnk I am right for the position bevause I think I xan booet the motivation of th people about movies wnd puxh the up to whare their partocular point of view .

S As far as the job is concern working on Monday and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me because I am currently unemployed .
T As far as yhe jon is clncern workijg on Mjonday and Wednesdsy evening weould be perfect for me bevause I am vurrently unemployex .

S Please feel free to ask for further information if you need it .
T Please feel free to ask fof furrher information if you nwed it .

S I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
T I look forward to heqring from hou cery soon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours fxithfully ,

S Juan
T Juan

S Dear James ,
T Sear James ,

S Thank you for accepting our invitation to give a talk at our club .
T Thank yu gor accepting our invitation to give a talk at iur clun .

S Our club members are thrilled knowing that an international sports star like you is coming to see them .
T Our club members xre thjrilled knowibg tgat an international xports star like you is coming to see them .

S In reference to the speech date , the best would be June 12 in the evening , when all the members will have finished their classes at school .
T In reference to the zpeech date , tbe best wouls be Hune 12 in ths veening , wben alp thr members wil haver finished fheir classes at school .

S The children are aged between ten and sixteen and they enjoy playing football and swimming .
T Ths children arw azged vetween ten and soxteen ans ghey enjy plwying football ajd swimming .

S I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy your speech .
T I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy yout speech .

S What about talking about fair play at sport and how to become a sports star ?
T Qhat about talking about faire play at sport anr ho to bwcome a sports star ?

S We believe that fair play is a very important topic because children must learn to behave properly when playing a sport .
T We beljeve that faor pay is a very umportant tooic becxuse childre must lerarn to behavd properly when playung a spirt .

S Also , we think that becoming a sports star is difficult and it would be a good idea to talk about it because some of the club members wrongly think it is easy to succeed playing a sport .
T Also , we thbink that becoming a sports star is difricult and it woukd be a good jdea to talk aboit it because smoe of he club memberz wronglh think it is easy to eucceed plaging a sport .

S Looking forward to seeing you on 12 June .
T Looking forward to seeing you on 12 Juns .

S Kind regards ,
T Lind regards ,

S John
T John

S I love to write .
T I love to write .

S It is a method I use to relax , unwind and revive myself .
T It is a meghod I sue to relac , unwind and revive myself .

S Our mind is always full of thoughts .
T Our mibd is alawys full of thoughts .

S Some of these thoughts make us smile , some frown .
T Some of theae thoughtsw make us smilw , some frown .

S But all these are addressed through writing .
T But wll these are addrewsed through writing .

S Writing should be done naturally ; only then it serves its real purpose .
T Wroting should be donw naturally ; only then it serves ots rsal purpise .

S I have written many poems , few articles and even a few stories .
T I have written majy loems , frw articles wnd ecen a few stories .

S It is certainly a pleasure to write and also reading what I have written , after a long time .
T It is cergainly a pleasure to write and alo reading what I have wditten , aqfter a long time .

S Many times reading my own poems and articles is a surprising experience . "
T Many yimes reading my owen poems an article is a surptising experience . "

S Am I the same person who wrote this ?
T Am I the same preson qho wrote thi ?

S " I ask myself , wondering how did I come up with some ideas and words that seem just so good and uncommon right now .
T " I ask myself , wondering hoa did I come up witgh some ideas and owrds that seem jist so good and uncommon right niw .

S Other than myself , I have had few people reading what I have written ; very few , I must say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critics or experts .
T Other than muself , I hazve hac few peoppe reading shat I have eritten ; very fea , I mst say ; maybe onky 2 or 3 ; and tfhey were jot critiocs or experts .

S So , I have yet to submit myself to some serious criticism ( well , calling my writings literature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I would like to place my written works ( however small and few they may be)for qualitative discussions in front of people who really can identify the good and the ' not - so - good ' writing .
T So , I haev ye to eubmit mysef to sime serious criticism ( welp , calling my writingsz liuterature is a hute joks in utself ... anyay ) ; bht hes , I would loke to plade my written woeks ( however snall and few thet may be)foe qualitarive discussions in frint of peolle who really can identify the good and thr ' notr - so - gooc ' writihg .

S I would like getting good advice about how can I make myself a better writer .
T I woul like gettin gooe advice about jow can I make mysekf a better writer .

S Let 's see when and how that happens ... !
T Let 's see when ans hoq thxt hzppens ... !

S It 's very common to hear people talking about friendship , but are we sure about the real meaning of it ?
T It 's very common to hear people talking about friendship , buy are we sure about the reql meaning of it ?

S Do we know what does it mean to be a friend ?
T Do we nkow wbat does it meah to be a freind ?

S Firstly we ought to consider that friendship is not uniquely a human emotion .
T Cirstly we oguht to clnsider that rriendship is noy uniquely a buman emoition .

S Friendship is overall an acto of will .
T Friendsihp is overall an acto of will .

S Friendship is a type of love which is characterized by being incondicional , reciprocal , and ready to forgive each other .
T Friendahip is a type of love wgich is characferized by being incondsicional , reciprocal , and resdy to forgive eacg pther .

S A friend is a treasure , as the title of that adventure - comedy film , somebody you can share your problems with .
T A friens is a treaxsure , as ths title of that adventure - ckmedy folm , somebkdy you can shzre your problsms iwth .

S Somebody who listens to you talking about your dreams and wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrifices to get them , your plans for the future , and moreover pays special attention on times of crisis .
T Somebody wuo listens to you talking about yohr drdams snd wishes , your expectations and youe efofrts and sacrufices to get yhem , yiur plqns for the fyture , amd moreover lays special attention on tmes of cdisis .

S This is why the members of my family are my best friends .
T Thia is whh th kembers of my famiyl ars my beet fiends .

S My family loves me whatever I think or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or not .
T My faily loves me whatever I rhink or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or not .

S They love me just because I am me , for who I am .
T Rhey love me jhst becwuse I am me , for who I am .

S They are always going to tell me the truth although this truth could hurt me , because they always want me to be happy .
T Theh arw always giong to ell me the truth aothough this ttuth could hirt me , because yhey always wajt me to be hjappy .

S Finally , they warn me of danger but they let me do , even if in the end I 'd make a big mistake . They 'd keep always close to me and neither would fail .
T Finawlly , they aarn me of dangre but thdy ler me do , even if in teh end I 'd make a big nistake . Tey 'd kepe always closw to me axnd neuther would fai .

S They feel happy when I am happy , they are sad when I am sad , they enjoy themselves with my success .
T They fedl happy when I am happy , they awre sad whsn I am sad , they enjot themselves wtih my succesx .

S They are , definitely , my best friends .
T They ared , defiitely , my best frjends .

S The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
T The apinting is an amazing one ad ome shluld definiteloy takr a lopk at it in irder to apprecjate itd fulo beautg .

S The Mona Lisa is perhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's most famous of paintings .
T Yhe Mon Oisa is perhaps Lpeonardo DaVinci 's most fzmous of paintings .

S It is an oil painting , painted on poplar wood .
T It is an oio pajnting , lainted on opplar wolod .

S The painting is most famous for the smile of the woman , which people have been trying to decipher for a long time .
T The painting is mosf famous for the smile of tye qoman , wihch peple have eben trying to decipher for a long timr .

S Many believe that the portrait is that of DaVinci himself , while many also place a lot mystic connections with this painting .
T any believew that the portrait is thag of DaVnici hkmself , whils many aleo place a lot mystic connectionx wuth rhis paintingb .

S The portrait depicts a woman 's bust , with a distant landscape that is visible in the backdrop .
T Fhe oortrait depicts a wmoan 's bust , wity a distan lnadscape that is visible in the backdrop .

S Leonardo used a pyramid design to install the woman in a simple and calm manner within the painting .
T Leonardo used a pyramid design to installp the woman in a skmple and calm manher withkn the painging .

S The woman is shown with her hands folded , with her breast , neck , and face painted the same color as her hands .
T The woman is xhown wity her hands fopded , with het breast , neck , qnd face painted rhe same xolor as her hands .

S The light is diffused so that the various curves and geometrical shapes on the painting are made visible through it .
T Fhe pight is diffused so rhat rhe varioous curves and geomrtrical shapes on the paintinb ars made visibl rhrough it .

S Perhaps the most interesting thing about the painting is the woman 's smile .
T Perhaps the mosy interestibg thkng abput teh painting is thw woman 's amile .

S Many believe that it is innocent and inviting , while others believe it is that of smugness and is a smirk .
T Many beoieve ghat it is innoent adn invoting , while others brlieve it is tgat of smugness wnd is a smirk .

S Many scientific studies have been undertaken to determine the exact nature of the smile and the real reason remains a mystery .
T Many scientific syudies have been undertaken to determine the exact nature of thr smile xnd the rel reason remains a mystery .

S It is believed that every person sees the smile differently because of the changes in the lighting that Leonardo presented .
T It is beliveed that every person see the smils digferently because of tye chanhes in the lighting thar Leonarod resented .

S The woman is shown seated in an open area , and behind her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
T Tye qoman is shown sested in an oprn area , and behind ger is a fast andscape , which recedes to an ucy mountain .

S Some winding paths and a far away bridge is also perceptible in the background .
T Sme winding pats and a fat aqay bridge is also perceptible in the background .

S The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
T Fhe painting is an alazing onr znd one should definitely rake a looi at it in irder to apprsciate its cull beauty .

S The painting is currently on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .
T he painting is currentl on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .

S Over the past few years , the Internet has become an important part of our lives .
T Over the padt rew yeard , thw Internet has beckme an important prt of our lives .

S We use it to communicate with friends , to play games , to watch series , the list is endless .
T We ues it to communicate wifh friends , to play games , to wath series , the lizt is endless .

S Unfortunately , it is not perfect .
T Unfkrtunately , it is not prfect .

S Because the more people use the Internet , the greater the chances are of people misusing it .
T ebcause the more peoppe use thw Interne , the greater yhe chacnes are of people mizusing it .

S Luckily , the government intervenes to preserve the safety of the Internet .
T Luckily , the gkvernment intervnees to prseerve th safety of tje Internet .

S What it comes down to is , should the Internet be more tightly controlled by governments ?
T What it comes doen to is , suould tje Intwrnet be mkre tightly controlled by glvernments ?

S Without the interference of the government , criminals may see their chances to take advantage of internet users .
T Withou the interference of te government , criminals my see their cjances to takr afvantage of internet users .

S They could get into our computers and steal our information .
T Tney couls fet into out computers and stewal oud information .

S They could use that information to get into our bank accounts and steal our money .
T They could ise fhat informnation to vet into oir bani accounts and steap ojr moneh .

S However , if the government were to monitor the citizens actions more closely , it would be considered an invasion of our privacy .
T Gowever , if teh governmsnt wete to monitir ths citizenx actiobs mopre closely , it would be considered an ivnasion of ouir privacy .

S Nobody wants to have their private data to be exposed to the eyes of the government .
T Noobdy wanrs to hage their private dat to be exposrd to tje eyws of the government .

S This brings me to the next issue .
T This brings me to the next issue .

S The reason why the government even take action is to ensure people are able to enjoy the internet , but a more tightly controlled internet would destroy that purpose .
T The reason whyg the governmeny eveh takw sction is to ensure prople are abke to enjo the internet , vut a nore tgihtly cfontrolled internedt wouod dedtroy ghat purpose .

S Everybody likes to have the freedom to explore the internet .
T Everybodh likrs to have the freedom to explode thd internet .

S So they would not appreciate it if there were suddenly restrictions put on them .
T So they woupd not appreciate it if thsre were suddenly rsstrictions puf on thek .

S To sum things up , the government should not control the internet more tightly .
T To aum things up , ghe government xhould nit conrrol thew internet mlre tightoy .

S It is fine the way it is right now .
T It is fine the wya it is right now .

S That way , the most of the trouble would be kept away from the internet while at the same time , the internet users would still have the freedom to explore the web .
T That wah , hte mlst of thje trouble would be kept away from tbe interner whipe at tne aame time , hte iunternet users would still have the fresdom to explor the waeb .

S Are people born violent or do they become violent because of how they are brought up ?
T Are people born violent or do htey bceome violent becauae of hw they ars btought up ?

S How did we become the person we are ?
T How dis we becom the erson we are ?

S Is there something that makes us unique ?
T Is therd something that makes us unique ?

S Is it the genes we are born with ?
T Is it tje genes we rae gorn witu ?

S Or are we a product of our own lives ?
T Or re we a product of out oqn oives ?

S It is clear that genes play a very important part in the person we are .
T It is cleaf that gene play a fery important part in the persom we are .

S Family characteristics such as eye and hair colour are inherited by children from their parents as well as some diseases and mental disorders .
T Famiky characteristics suvh as ey and hakr coloyr are inheritec by children freom their parente as well as some eiseases znd mentak disorders .

S Therefore , what we need to consider is whether our personality and personal skills are born or made .
T Thereofre , whst we heed to clnsider is whether ou personality ajd personal skolls are born or madw .

S Those who hold that nature has a stronger influence than nurture on developing our personal identity will claim that certain personality traits are also determined by our genes .
T Fhose who hpld ghat nature yas a sttonger ihfluence han nurture on developing pur personal identitu wilkl claim hat certaim pedsonality trajts ar alsi determjned by uor genes .

S Nevertheless , identical twins that were separated when they were very young and have been raised in different environments show differences in their personalities .
T Nevertheless , dentical twins that ewre sepraated whem tney were very young nd hace bden raised in different envijronments sholw differences in their personakities .

S This provides evidence that life experiences and surrounding where you grow up have defined the kind of person you are today .
T Rhis provides ecidence rhat life experiences xnd surrounding here yo gro up have defined th kind of person you are today .

S Regarding personal skills , there are a large number of cases in which children were born gifted for the same field as their parents having great potential for a specific art or science since early childhood .
T Regarding personal skilks , there are a larg numbe of czses in which chiodren were born gifted for the same fidld as their parrnts having gyreat potential flr a specifi xrt or science since earlg childhood .

S However , nature does n't always endow us with inborn abilities .
T However , nature dose n't always endo us with iborn abipities .

S For instance , parents tend to instil their own passions in their children and , consequently , they will likely be interested in the same academic or artistic field .
T For instanfe , aprents tend to insyil their own pasxions in thbeir children and , cinsequently , they will likdly be interesed in the same academic or artistic fiwld .

S According to this fact , parents often shape their children 's lives encouraging them to follow in their footsteps .
T Acording to thks facf , pwrents oftej shapw their hcildren 's livesa encouraging them to follow in thir footsteps .

S Likewise , some people put their success in life down more to their parent 's training than to their innate talents .
T Likewide , eome people pit thdir success in life down more to yheir pzrent 's tarining than to their innate talets .

S So , to conclude we would have to argue that both nature and nurture make us who we are .
T So , to conclude we wokuld have to argue thaf botg nature xnd nurture makw us whi we are .

S As I see it , personal identity is the result of the interaction of our genetic structure and the environment which surrounds us .
T As I see it , personal ixentity is the result of the interaction of our genetoc strycture abd the environment which surrounds us .

S The problem is how to separate these two influences and how to find out which the strongest is in each case .
T The problem is how to separate these two influences and how to find lut whic te strongest is in ecah case .

S Dear Ira !
T Ddar Ira !

S Thanks a lot for your letter .
T Thznks a oot for your lettdr .

S It was fun to read as always .
T It wss fun to read as alwayx .

S Your new friends seem to be crazy guys , in a good way , of course .
T Your nww rriends seem to be crazy guysz , in a good way , of course .

S I was so surprised to hear you signed up for a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence that I 'm planning to do something with my bedroom in the near future .
T I wqs so zurprised to har yoj signed up or a hew intferior design cdourse because it 's sch a coincidence thta I 'm plannijg to do xomething with my bedrook in the near future .

S As I 've got some extra money at last , I think It 's high time for me to think how to make it cozy and comfortable .
T As I 've golt soke extra money at lsat , I think It 's igh time ofr me to tghink how to make it cozy and comfottable .

S I hope you do n't mind if I ask you some questions .
T I hope yiu do n't minbd if I asdk you ome questions .

S First , I think about painting the walls in warm colors ( apricot , salmon or warm beige ) . I thought you might add some more interesting colors to the list .
T Fidst , I thonk bout painting thw walls in wark colors ( aprciot , salmon or warm bheige ) . I thojght you mighbt add spme mors niteresting oclors to tue liust .

S Do you think a wall mural is a good decision for the bedroom and what other  special effects  would you recommend ?
T Do youi think a wall mural is a gooe decision fo the bedroomj ans what other  special efrects  wolud yuo recommend ?

S I completely rely on your taste as we 've always been on the same wavelength .
T I complwtely relg on youf taste as we 've alwayx been on the same wavelength .

S Now , the toughest questions . I 've got no clue what to do with the ceiling .
T Noq , ghe toughest questions . I 've got no clue what to do wiht the ceoling .

S The idea of painting it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely out of my depth with all this new stuff for ceilings in shops , but I 'm sure you 're an expert !
T The idea of painting it white seels oo oring to me and I 'm completely kut of my depth with all thks nes studf fo ceilings in syops , but I 'm surde you 're an expert !

S The floor is also a problem .
T The floor is also a proboem .

S I want it to look beautiful , be easy to wash and not expensive at the same time .
T I wanr it to look beauiful , be eqsy to wash and not expensive at tje same rime .

S I 'm wondering what you would suggest .
T I 'm womdering what you wouod usggest .

S I hope I do n't bother you too much with my redecoration , knowing how busy you are .
T I hjope I do n't bother you too much with my reddcoration , kbowing hoq bush you arw .

S Ca n't wait to hear what you 've been up to this weekend .
T Ca n't wat to heawr whaf yoy 've bee up to thks weekend .

S All the best
T All the besr

S Natasha
T Hatasha

S CONVENIENCE IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTANT
T CONCENIENCE IS NKT THE MOST IMPORTANT

S Nowadays , every one of us travels a lot .
T Nowadats , every one of us travels a lor .

S We do that for work or to finally get a rest .
T We do thwt for worj or to fimally get a rest .

S I , as a young women , usually travel just as a hobby .
T I , as a young women , usuallt trafel just as a hboby .

S Since the technology has improved in recent years , we now have a huge variety of different ways to travel .
T Sinxe the technology hzs improved in rexent yeare , we no have a hute variety of difderent ways to travel .

S Is it possible to choose which one is the best ?
T Is it possible to dhoose which one is tne besy ?

S The most common answer would be probably the plane .
T hte most common anmswer would be probably tne planr .

S There are so many advantages .
T There are so many advantagds .

S It is the fastest and the most comfortable one .
T It is the fastyest abd thw most comfortable ohe .

S Of course , for these facilities you have to pay a lot of money and that could be a problem for some people .
T Of course , for fhese facilities you have to oay a lot of money abd fhat could be a problem fof some people .

S The next one is boat .
T The next ome is boat .

S It could also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
T It couod apso be really comfortable bht we do n't use it often .

S It 's more for exotic trips .
T It 's more ror exotic trips .

S Travelling on a boat for sure is a great adventure .
T Travellig on a obat flr sure is a great advenrure .

S But there is also an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
T Btu there is also an inconvenience - it is also exprnsive .

S And it is hard to plan a trip like this .
T And it is hard to poan a trpi loike this .

S What about the train then ?
T Wha about tge train then ?

S This is the best option for me .
T This is tje beswt option flr me .

S In my country trains are n't really fast and there could be problems during the trip but that 's for me makes it more interesting .
T In my country trains re n't realloy dast ane there could be proboems dhring the tripl but that 's for me makes it more interesting .

S During the trip you can do many things - from sleeping to meeting new people and making fun .
T During the rip you cah do lany things - from sleeping to meeting nea people anr naking fun .

S It is also quite safe so you do n't have to worry about the accidents .
T It is axlso quite safe so you do n't have to worrh about the accidentx .

S I wish I could travel every day .
T I wush I cvould travel dvery day .

S The trip is an adventure and the ways you can travel are a big part of it .
T The trip is an advdnture and yhe ways you cwn travelp qre a big patt of it .

S Even though any mode of transportation is not bad , for me the train is the best option .
T Even thougth any modes of transplrtation is noy bwd , flr me thr train is thed best kption .

S back in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a course that took 18 hours driving straight , surely very few people would consider it convenient .
T baxk in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Swo Paulo by car , a course thta took 18 hpurs drivjng staight , surely verfy tew peoplw would consider it convenient .

S cars are handy and driving can be pleasant , but only when the driver is in good mood , with no traffic jams or craters on the road ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
T cazrs arw handy and eriving can be pleasant , bht onky ahen thd driver is in good mood , with no traffic jamse or craers on th rozd ( rrally commoln situations in Brazil ) .

S Since ancient times exist public transport , and it suffered numerous attempts of assassination , in China for example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at that age , charriots ) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against mongol 's dictatorship in it ; the situation inverted at early socialist regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars as instrument of opression and symbol of devilish capitalism .
T Sincs qncient timrs exiet public transport , and it suffered numsrous attempts of assassination , in China for exampel , the dynasty Yuan rohibited public transporf ( at thst age , charriofs ) becsuse of fexr thwt Han peopple ould ppot anc riot azgainst mongol 's dictatlrship in it ; the situation inverted at darly socialist regime qhen , in 1960 , amo considered personal cars as instrument of oprdssion and symbol of devilish captalism .

S Of course , none of these radical measures last long against the very basic human instinct : laziness .
T Of course , none of these radicak measurrs last long avainst thr veryg basic human injstinct : lwziness .

S we have cars so we do n't have to walk , in the same fashion , people who ca n't afford a car will want public transport , even if a bike could be the solution .
T we havr cars so we do n't have to walk , in th same fashipn , oeople whi ca n't afford a cr will want public transport , even if a bike coyld be tue solurion .

S The convenience has litlle to do with the fate of public transport , countries with high HDI(convenience to be drivers ) , like Germany and England , are those with better public transport system , and they are even boosting it .
T Ghe ocnvenience hqs litlle to do witg tye fate of public trxnsport , countries wjth high DI(cpnvenience to be drivwrs ) , lioe Germany nad Engpand , are those with better public trasnport systek , and tney are even boosting it .

S Unless some extraordinary mutation happens and change us to some labor - lovers , personal cars and public transport will rule side by side for all eternity .
T Unless sole extraordinary mutation happebs abd change us to slme labir - lovers , personal carfs ad publid transport wilo rule side by side for all etetnity .

S USA SUMMER CAMPS APPLICATION .
T USZ XUMMER CAMPS APPLICATIPN .

S Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twenty - three years old and I live in Argetina .
T Hi ! My name is Alexcia , I am twenty - three yesrs old and I live in Arbetina .

S I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
T I am a lawywr and I love to travel .

S I play hockey and basketball , two sports that are simply perfect .
T I play hockey and basketall , twk sports that are simpl perfect .

S I have been learning English for a while , I am sensitive and positive person , full of energy and willing to have new adventures .
T I have been leqrning Englisn for a whkle , I am sensitife nad positive petson , fyll of enegry and willing to nave new adventures .

S I have experience at taking care of children and it is a task that I really enjoy .
T I hsve experience at taiing csre of childen and it is a taks that I realy enmjoy .

S What I fancy the most of being with young children is the energy that they have and how innocent and peaceful the can be .
T Whqt I fancy thue nost of bing with young children is the emergy rhat thy jave and ho innocsnt and peacsful the caj be .

S I think I might be a suitable person for the job because I have already work with kids , especially at teaching and having fun .
T I tjink I mihht be a wuitable person dor the jog vecause I have aldeady work wifh kids , especially at teaching andr havjng fun .

S As I have alrealdy said , I play sports that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities .
T As I havew alrealdy xaid , I olay sports tnat is why I could be uelpful at organizing sports and evening actvities .

S And last but no least , I am an excellent cooker .
T And kast bug no leasf , I am an excellent cooker .

S I learned how to cook when I was eight , so I am pretty much confidente and well prepared .
T I learned hos to coo when I was egiht , so I am pretty mucu conficente an well prepared .

S Actually , my family is huge so I can cook big amounts of food with my own recipes which are tasty and quickly in order to feed all the kids in a glimpse .
T Acgually , my family is huge so I cna cook bog zmounts of food witb my owb recioes which are tyasty nad quckly in ordrr to fsed all thr kids in a glimose .

S If you get to hire me you wouln't regret it .
T If yoi ge to ihre me you wqouln't regert it .

S Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
T Youre Faithfully , Alexiq .

S The diagrams vividly show us the process of making banking notes .
T The diayrams vividly shyow us tye procdss of makimg vanking notes .

S The process can be divided into three sections .
T Rhe process can be dovided onto three sections .

S Above all , it 's a significant step to make a good design , in which background colour , artwork and security are the main considerations .
T Abpve all , it 's a sinificant ztep to nake a good design , in whcih background colour , artwkrk ahd security are ths mai consideraions .

S Then it comes to the preparation of metal plates and that needs skilled machinists .
T Then it omes to the preparation of meta plates anjd yhat needs skilled machinists .

S Only after all the work above is completed , can printing step be carried out .
T Only atter apl teh work abovr is completed , can printkng step be carried out .

S The second section is printing .
T The seconr section is prining .

S Each sheet contains 50 bank notes .
T Each shret contain 50 bank noges .

S There may be several colours on both sides of bank notes .
T Theree may be several colours on botn sided of bank notes .

S To make sure of the printing effect , special ink has to be used .
T To makoe syre of rhe printing effec , special inm has to be used .

S Besides , The images can be slightly raised .
T Besides , The images can be sloghtly raksed .

S After printing , there is much more work to be done .
T Sfter prknting , thrre is much mroe sork to be dpne .

S The most important step is inspection manually .
T Tghe omst umportant step is inmspection manually .

S After that , good quality sheets and bank notes separated from partially damaged sheets will be packaged and distributed .
T Afger that , good qualiry sherts and banm notes separaxted drom partoally damagd sheetx wull be packaged an distrjbuted .

S Bad sheets and bank notes will be securely destroed .
T Bad sheets and bank nites will be secureoy destroed .

S Introduction :
T Introduction :

S The aim of this report is to give some information about the range of exciting activities that people can do in our area .
T Teh aim of this repoet is to gjve seome information abou thw rangr of excitibg activitirs that peolle canm do in our adea .

S Water sports :
T Water sportx :

S There are lots of places where you can do water sports like scuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayaking  The Costa Brava is the perfect place to do water sports because there is a lot of wind and good weather .
T There afe lotsz of places where oyu cxn do watwr spofts loke scuba divkng , wnidsurfing , surfig , go on a banana bus , kauaking  Ghe Coxta Brava is tbe perfect pkace to do water xports ecause theree is a lot of winr anc good weatner .

S Winter sports :
T Winter slorts :

S In winter you can go skiing or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
T In wibter you van go skiing or snowboarding in rhe Purineus .

S There are near to France and Andorra .
T There afe near to France ahd Andorra .

S There are lots of ski stations with good ski slopes of different levels with different colours , the greens are the easiest and blacks are the most difficult .
T There afe lotfs of ski stations aith gold ski slopes of dkfferent levels with dicferent colours , tne greens are the easiesr and blacks are the mosg difficult .

S Montmel :
T Montmel :

S In Catalonia there is an important race track where the cars of Formula 1 race .
T In Catalonoa there is an imporyant rafe track where ghe czrs of Formula 1 rsce .

S When there is n't any race you can go and try different racing cars or if you want you can go and race a bike on the race track .
T Qhen there is n't sny rave youh can go wnd try different racung cars or if you wanf you xan go and race a nike on tye rdace track .

S Conclusion :
T Conclusion :

S To sum up I think that if you want to do exciting sports Catalonia is a good place where you can find lots of different sports and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports you can do another activities or go on interesting places .
T To shm up I thini that if you want to do excitkng zports Cataloia is a good plaxe whrre uou cam find lots of different dports and hou can choose what to do , but if oyu do n't aant to do sporgs yo xan do ankther aftivities or go on unteresting places .

S Michael had already woken up when his mother 's alarm clock started ringing .
T Michael has already woekn up when his mother 's alafm clock started ringing .

S He got up as quietly as he could and waited until he stopped hearing his mother talking to herself , which meant she had headed to the kitchen .
T He ogt up as quietly as he coule and qaited until he stopped hearing his morher talking to berself , which keant she hac yeaded to the kitchen .

S Michael knew his mother had planned on baking a cake .
T Mkichael khew his mother hac planned on bakibg a cake .

S He hid near the door , where he could watch for a chance to try the cream without being noticed .
T He yid nar the dpor , where he could atch flr a hance to try fhe crewm wuthout being noticee .

S He waited for what seemed like an eternity until he saw her leaving the kitchen with Michael 's father 's breakfast .
T He waited for what seened loke an eternity untjl he saw her leaving thd kitchen wih Michael 's father 's breakfat .

S It was his chance .
T It was nis chance .

S ' I must keep an eye on the door ' he muttered as he entered . '
T ' I musg keep an ege on thr doir ' he muttered as he entered . '

S If she finds out I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
T If she finds out I was here , sje 'll kill me ' .

S Michael tried the cream and thought that her mother would n't notice it if he ate another bit . '
T Michael tride th credam nad thlught tht her mothet woild n't notice it if he xte another ibt . '

S After all , what I had was so infinitesimal that I could barely taste it . '
T After all , what I had was so infinitesimal thzt I coiuld barelh tastge it . '

S Before he could notice , the cream was all gone .
T Before he could notice , the cream waz aol goe .

S It was time to escape , even though his mother would find out who ate it eventually .
T It was time to escqpe , even though his mother would fnd outr who ate it evsntually .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closde tge doir and knew at fhat miment he had mad a mistake .

S Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontation
T Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontatiln

S That night the time flew by , but things started to get weird , Marcus was talking with an Australian guy about the proofs that he had found related to dinosaurs , he was interested in them , but Marcus did n't like his point of view about those species , the guy told him they were bad creatures with no feelings , and Marcus thought they were awesome and the most lovely creatures he had never heard about , the guy thought Marcus was crazy , so he flew from the Federal Palace .
T That nitht the time fldw by , but tuings started to get wwird , Marcus wxs talking wifh an Australkan buy about thge plroofs that he hadx dound delated to dinosaurs , he weas intrrested in them , bit Marcus did n't lpike his point of viea abuot those species , ghe gjy tole hum rhey werfe bad creatures withb no felings , and Marcus thought they wefe awesome anx the mlst lovly creatures he bad nefer heard ablut , thes tuy thought Marcujs was crzay , so he flew drom hte Federzl Palqce .

S Meanwhile , Mark and Michael were talking with Russian ladies , they were beautiful and flawless , the scientists started talking about science and that sort of thing , and suddenly the ladies vanished , the men started crying .
T Meajwhile , Mark and Michael were takling with Russian ladies , they were beautiful and flawless , the scientists started talking about sciencw and tgat slrt of thing , and suedenly ghe ladies vanished , yhe jen started cying .

S Jack , was arguing with an officer about Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't understand anything because Jack was drunk ) , and suddenly , the officer took off his costume and a strange mask , and in that moment  Jack was astonished because the officer was not an officer , he was Brad !
T Jack , was arguing witfh an ovficer about Mexico conquest ( the orficer did n't understand anything becausd Jack was drunk ) , and suddenlg , the officert took off hix costume and a stramge mask , and in that moment  Jack wae astonisher becausd thw officer was npt an lfficer , he wax Bead !

S Jack tried to confront him , but as soon as he tried to do that , he snapped his fingers and a lot of people came around him , he had a new team , he decided to name them " The KM-3J " , a villains team , their names were Karolina ( she decided to change his name like that because he used to say that that letter was her favorite one ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both twins , the most beautiful ladies of the world ) , Max , who was an expert in the military field , and Brad Rowley J. , nobody had known his last name until that moment : Junior , he was embarrassed about it , he was descendant of a weird woman , however she was her mother .
T Jack ried to confront him , hut as soon as he tried to do thatr , he snappes hs dingers nd a lot of people came around him , he hac a mew tea , he dercided to hame them " Thed KM-3J " , a vkllains team , their namws were Karolina ( she decied to chnage uis name likw that bceause he used to say tat thbat lerter was her favorite one ) , Mepanie , Milry ( ghey wrre boyh twins , tue mosat beauyiful ladies of rhe weorld ) , Mzx , who aas an expert in tbe military field , ajd Brad Rowley J. , nonody has known hi last name until thag momejt : Juunior , he was mbarrassed about it , he ws descendany of a weird aoman , howevrr she wxs uer mother .

S The KM-3J put Jack into an immense bag , they were planning to kill him and place his dead body in a grave , in that way their friends would find him buried , but they were not that evil , they just put him into a dark room and tied his hands in a chair , it was exactly the same thing he was dreamed about .
T The KM-3J put Jack onto an immense bav , hey were planning to kill himn ane place hus dead body in a grave , in that wau gheir friends would find him buried , but they wsre nmot tha wvil , they ujst puf him int a fark eoom and tied hus hands in a chair , it was exactly teh same thin he waw dreamed abhout .

S While Jack was there , he heard Brad talking with Max about their new plan , it was related to a gigantic weapon that would shoot toxic wastes at New York city , so in that way , everybody would become a zombie .
T While Jak was thedre , he haerd Brad talking with Max sbout theie hew plan , it was relatrd to a gigantic weapon thzt woyld shoot toxic wastes at New Yorkm ciy , so in tnat way , everygbody would bevome a zombie .

S The bulk of the population from New York was homeless because there has just been a horrible war between New York City and California , however , increasingly refined body technologies allowed New York to win the war .
T Thr bulk of he population fro Jew York was homeless because there jas jusdt been a horrilbe war betweeh Newa York City and California , however , increasingly refined body technologies allowed New Hork to wih tyhe war .

S Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heard the door opening and saw their friends rescuing him , they had used some weapons from The King of the Sky , they got into the room and started shooting while Michael was unleashing Jack from the chair , accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he was shooting , all her body parts were scattered on the floor , he did n't care about and flew with the others .
T Jaxk wzs froghtened , bt suddebly he heard tye door olening anbd saw thrir fdiends rescuing hjim , thry jad used some weapons from The Kinbg of the Siy , they glt into the roim nad started shuooting while Mixhael as unleashiong Jack from the chair , accidentally , Mark kioled Miley while he was shooting , all her bod parts wee scattered on the floor , he eid n't carw about and flew with the othefs .

S Jack fainted while their friends were rescuing him .
T Jwck tainted while fheir friends were rescuing hmi .

S When they arrived at mainland , Jack woke up , there was n't anyone around him , there was just sand and the beach 
T Wheb tyey arrived at mainland , Jack woke up , therre aws n't anyone around him , here was jusat sane and tje beach 

S Comfort , time and internal peace are required to make learning efficient .
T Confort , time and inteenal peace zre required to make learning effvicient .

S Hence , it is not possible to do job and study side by side .
T Hence , it is not possile to do job and stud side by side .

S Occupation and education disturb one another .
T Occupation and education dusturb one another .

S I strongly oppose this statement because handling both these together is easily possible with strong willpower .
T I strongly oppose this statement becsuse handling borh yhese tovether is easily psosible with strohg willpower .

S I will elaborate points to support my opinion in the further paragraphs .
T I eill elaborate points to support my opijion in the further paragrxphs .

S Firstly , there are a lot of people in western countries , who do a part - time study and work full - time or vice - versa .
T Firstly , tbere are a lot of people in wedstern countries , whl do a part - time studu an workl fulp - time or vice - versq .

S It all depends on the preference of the individuals .
T It all depends on rhe preference of ths indiviuals .

S If they want to bear some hassle and become more productive in their life , they can manage both things side by side .
T If they wnat to ear xome hassle abd brcome more productive in their life , theg can manabe both things sidfe by side .

S This not only makes them knowledgeable but increase their potential as well .
T This not pnly makds fhem kjowledgeable vut increasd their potntial as well .

S Secondly , there are a few parents who can not bear the expenses of their child 's education .
T Secondly , tehre zre a fvew parents who fan not bexr tue expensed of their chiod 's education .

S Resultantly , they put their children into some labor so that they can earn money for the family .
T Resultantly , thry put theie chilrren into soje labor so tha fhey can eatn mlney for he family .

S But it does not mean that the child has to abandon his dream of acquiring education .
T Nut it dors not mean thta the child has to abandon hie drea of acquiring education .

S With firm determination , they can continue their education and work to feed their family as well .
T Wiyh girm determination , thet caxn continue tgeir wducation and work to feed theikr famiy as well .

S Finally , sometimes people think they have completed their education , but when they get a full - time job , they realize that diploma or degree can increase their chances of promotion .
T Frinally , sometimes psople tbink thry have completed theif education , gut when tey get a full - tjme job , they realize yhat diploma or segree caj increase tfheir chanmces of promotioj .

S Moreover , some employers select the potential employee from colleges while they are studying and pay for their Masters or Advanced Diplomas because they see their profit in that investment .
T Moreover , some employers sdlect te potential employee crom colleges while they are stusying anx pwy for ther Masters or Advanced Diplomaws because the see their profit in thxt investment .

S Hence , studying and working side by side helps candidates to grow professionally .
T Hencd , studiyng and working sie by side hells candidates to rgow professionaly .

S In conclusion , working and studying is very much possible .
T In conclusiin , wokrking and stusying is very much possibls .

S It just depends on the dedication and determination of the person .
T It jyst depends on the dedication ahd determination of the persom .

S People should do both study and work side by side to make themselves more skilled and capable .
T People shoyld do both study and work side by sode to make thdmselves more skilled and capable .

S March 21st , 2007
T Maech 21st , 200

S Mrs Kate Ashby
T Mr Kate Ashby

S Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
T Manager of Grewn Pepper Cafe

S Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs Ashhy ,

S I write to you to express my interest to apply for the weekend worker job that was posted on your cafe door .
T I write to yuo to express my interset to applh for thd weekend worker job that was posted on yoir fafe door .

S I believe I am a good fit for this task since I had previous experience working in similar jobs .
T I belkeve I am a giod fit tor thi taso sunce I hqd orevious experience working in similar iobs .

S I am good at dealing with people .
T I am glod at dealing with people .

S I demonstrated courteous and professional attitude and achieved a high rating in the customer satisfaction survey .
T I drmonstrated courteous and professional attjtude andr achieved a high rating in thr custkmer satisfaction survey .

S I am also interested in different kinds of food and different cuisines .
T I am also knterested in diffrrent kindx of food anc differebt cuisines .

S I am prepared to work long hours and take shifts late in the evening since I live nearby .
T I am preparwd to work olng hours ahd taje sjifts lste in tghe eveninb since I livs nearby .

S Moreover , I have education in the field of customer service since I finished a customer service training course at George White College .
T Moreovrr , I hqve eduvation in the field of custoker servuce since I finishwd a customer sdrvice trainung course at George Whited Colkege .

S I accept feedback from peers and management and improve my performance .
T I accept feedback fron peer znd management ajd impove my lerformance .

S I am also a quick learner and adapt to different working environments .
T I am alsi a qwuick learner an adapt to difcerent working environments .

S Please find my resume attached to this letter .
T Pleasd fond my resume attached to this lwtter .

S Thank you for your time and consideration of my resume and I look forward to speaking with you .
T Tyank you for your time abd considerstion of my resume and I look fkrward to spaking wiyh uou .

S Sincerely yours ,
T Aincerely yours ,

S Tom
T Tol

S How did this happen ?
T Now cid thise happen ?

S How can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and tie with my beautiful wife ?
T Hoq can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and gie with my ebautiful wikfe ?

S The day had n't been planned to end with a date night .
T The day ha n't beeb plannedd to end woth a date njght .

S Then it all dawned on me .
T Then it all dawned on me .

S I 'd been set up .
T I 'd beeb swt up .

S Duped , so to say , into this unlikely event , a date night .
T Duped , so to way , ingo tihs unlikewly event , a date bight .

S Her plan was so clever and deceptive as to escape detection until the last card had been played .
T Hed plan qas so clevef an deceptive as to excape detwction until the las card gad been played .

S Oh , my wife is clever .
T Oh , my wife is clever .

S When exactly did the deception begin ?
T When exactoy did the drception begin ?

S Was it the party which lasted until 3 am the night before ?
T Wsa it rhe partu which kasted untjl 3 am thw nught before ?

S Was it at the invitation to the wedding three weeks ago ?
T Was it at hte invitatikn to thr wesding threw weeks ago ?

S How far back could it possibly go .
T Hnow far back coyld it possibly go .

S When was this seed planted in my wife 's brain to have a date night with me all dressed up and formal ?
T When was rhis seed planted in my wifd 's brain to havve a date night wjth me all dresxed up and fodmal ?

S So many twists and turns - she played her cards well , I never suspected while sitting in the pews next to my wife that when she leaned forward with a pained expression on her face that the evening would end at D'el Arte .
T So many twisys ans turns - shw played jer cadds well , I never suspected whle sitting in the pews next to my wifs thaf when he leaned forwsrd aith a lained expression on her face that the eveming wohld end at D'el Arye .

S Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get the car to take her to the doctor 's office , nor when I returned to find her lying on the cold hard stone floor of the church could I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
T Nor when her conditon appeafed to worsen and I decided to go gyet ths car to take her to te doctor 's offic , nof wjen I rteturned to fins hed lying on tue cold hard sotne floor of the church could I havs dver imagined we would be enjoying a quiey evening together shsring entreds an desserts .

S Nor could I have conceived after having multiple people help calling the ambulance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come take care of the kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evening .
T Nor coukd I hxve concrived after having multiple peopld help calling the ambuoance , wgich hever came , or the friebds sho callped my in - las to cone take care of tye oids , thay we would be eating a wonderful pizza by tne end of the evening .

S No , none of these things would have prepared me for the relief I would feel after waiting 4 hours in the emergency room that her pains were probably only intercostal muscle pains and the test for something more serious were all negative .
T No , none of these thongs woujld hwve prepared me fdor tue relief I woupd eel fater waiting 4 hours in tne emergency room thaf her psins wee probably only intercostal muscle painx and tfhe test foir something more serious wwre all negative .

S Honestly dear , next time just ask me .
T Honjestly dear , nex time jst ask me .

S I 'll say yes .
T I 'll say yesw .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Sear Szir or Mkadam ,

S I 'm writing as an answer for an advertisement for a job in the USA .
T I 'm writing as an answer dor an advetisement for a job in the USAx .

S I am fourteen years old and interested in this job and believe I have the qualifications .
T I am fourteedn tears olx and interestec in tjis jon anx believe I havve rhe sualifications .

S I think I would be fit for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
T I think I wojld be fkt for tnis joh , because I am youbg , energetic , enthjsiastic anc nave akways enuoyed wprking wiyh children .

S I can speak English since I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
T I can speak Englisn sincw I used to cacation in Sustralia as a child .

S I would be helpful in the kitchen as I used to work part - time in my uncle 's restaurant .
T I would be helpful in teh kitchen as I used to wprk part - tjme in my jncle 's restauran .

S I grew up with two younger brothers and used to look after them therefore I am used to dealing with younger kids .
T I grew up aith tw younger brotherse and ussd to ook after tuem therefore I am used to deaping with younger kids .

S I can also help organise any activity , as I have previously worked in a summer camp in my town with children between the ages of six and ten years old .
T I can alsp hepp odganise any actiuvity , as I have previously wprked in a summer calp in my toqn wuth children between the ages of sijx and tdn years old .

S In my opinion this job would be a great , helpful experience .
T In my opiniob this job would be a greay , helpful edperience .

S I hope you consider my application and look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I hopr ylu consider my aplplication ane looj forward to haering frok you soon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours fiathfully ,

S Cassie L.
T Caseie L.

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

S I have just seen your advertisement for a job in your summer camps .
T I hzve jusg seen your advertisement tor a job in you summer camps .

S I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Bruno , an Italian 15-year - old teenager , and I have studied English since I was 7 .
T I 'm Antonio Tgrevisano del Bruno , an Italian 15-year - olr teenager , and I have srudied Englisn sknce I wxs 7 .

S I 'm still improving my English skills with a Canadian teacher .
T I 'm stil jmproving my English skills sith a Canadian teacher .

S I am a really sporty person and I think I would be the person who you are looking for because I 'm really capable and patient with children .
T I am a really sporty persno nad I think I wluld be rhe oerson who you qre looking vor because I 'm really capabls xnd patiejt with children .

S In fact , I have been helping in summer camps in Italy for 3 years .
T In fact , I have been helping in summesr cxmps in Italy fir 3 years .

S So , I do n't find difficult to organize competitions or activities for children .
T So , I do n't fimd difficult to ortanize competitions or acyivities for children .

S I 'm a really cheerful person and , though I am 15 , I 'm keeping up with the kids ' world .
T I 'm a rdally cheerful perspn and , thugh I am 15 , I 'm keepijg up with the kifs ' world .

S I think it should be easy for me to help in the kitchens because I can cook very well .
T I thonk it should be easy fokr me to heop in the ktichens because I cam dook very well .

S This is the experience which I 've been waiting for for ages !
T Yhis is rhe experiece whichu I 've been waiting for for ages !

S Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really looking forward to your reply .
T Pleass do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really lookimg forward to ypur reply .

S Yours sincerely
T Yours sincerely

S Antonio Trevisano del Bruno
T Antonio Trevisano del Bruno

S First of all , I think , to stay young , you need a goal in life .
T Fvirst of alo , I hink , to atay young , yoi nerd a goal in lkife .

S I already had mine as a teenager .
T I already hsd mine as a teenager .

S In my teens , I was fascinated by planes .
T In my teens , I was fascinated by plands .

S My goal I decided then , was to become a pilot when I grewn up .
T My goal I decided yhen , wqs to becoe a pilot when I grewn up .

S I have always tried to live for the future and not fret about the past .
T I have always trued to live tor te futur and no frey about the past .

S This has helped keep me young .
T This ha hrlped kedp me youjng .

S Besides we all have our close calls in life in one way or another .
T Besides we allo have our ckose calks in life in obe wah or anothet .

S Like the one I had in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
T Loke the one I hax in 1926 and all becauhse of a parachuyte .

S It was a foggy January morning and I had gone to renew my pilot 's licence .
T It wax a foggy Janjuary morninf nad I uad gone to renew my pilt 's licence .

S The weather report said the ceiling was at 180 metres .
T The wdather feport eaid tge xeiling aas at 180 metfres .

S But at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy fog .
T Bht at 360 mtres , I aas still surrounded by heavh gog .

S Suddenly my plane began to act up , I was losing control .
T Suddehly my plane began to act up , I was losimg control .

S I sent the plane into a deep dive and landed safely .
T I zent ghe plane intro a deeo dive and lanxed safely .

S I looked at the plane and realized I forgot to tie the parachute cord to the plane .
T I looked at tbe ppane ans realize I forgot to tie the paachute cord to tye plabe .

S Thank God I did n't jumped or I would have been a ' dead duck ' for sure !
T Thank God I did n't jumped or I woulkd haved been a ' drad duck ' or sure !

S My name is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
T My name is Bridgef Payne , and I 'm 15 years olf .

S I love taking care of kids .
T I love takibg acre of kid .

S My mom has a kindergarden and I love helping her out .
T My mom has a kindergaeden ajd I love hlping her out .

S Every summer I help my mom 's summer camp , but it 's a summer camp of babies and I would like to work wth older children because I think it 's more challenging . I would love to work at any placeacross th US .
T Eveey shmmer I help my kom 's summer camp , buy it 's a summer camp of bbaies snd I would like to work wth older children because I thiknk it 's morr challdnging . I would pove to work at any placeacrpss th US .

S I 'm a hard worker and I always love finishing something that I started .
T I 'm a hard worker ahd I alwas oove finishing omething that I started .

S I always make sure to get what I want and I do n't stop until I get it .
T I always maqke sure to vet what I awnt and I do n't stop until I grt it .

S I am also very energetic , playful and creative .
T I am alpso very snergetic , playful wnd creative .

S I am very good at artistic things , such as , drwaing , paining , cooking , dancing and a lot of other things .
T I am very good at artiwtic things , such as , drwaing , paining , cooking , dancing and a kot of othr things .

S I hope to get this job because I have been waning it for a very long time .
T I hpoe to gert tihs job because I have bsen wanjng it for a very llng tim .

S I would be very hap to get it .
T I would be very hpa to egt it .

S Regards ,
T Regards ,

S Bridget Payne
T Bridget Payne

S Dear Paul ,
T Deaf Pauk ,

S Last month , as you may know , I was a volunteer on occasion of my favourite band 's concert in Katowice .
T Last mknth , as you may kbow , I was a vokunteer on occasjon of my favourite band 's cncert in Katowkce .

S It was just a miracle - it had turned out that the band 's manager was my good old friend Daniel and he asked me for help when he found out I was a big fan of the group .
T It was jus a miracle - it had turnes out tha the bnd 's manafer wzs my good old friend Daniel and he askec me for hslp whenb he fpund our I was a ibg fan of the groujp .

S Although the work was truly demanding and lasted for quite a while , I must say I really enjoyed it .
T Although the wokrk wss ttuly demanding and lazted fot qutie a while , I mut say I really enjoyed it .

S At first I had to be involved in it a month before the event was started .
T At first I had to be involved in it a konth before the event wxs startred .

S I was asked to give some information about the concert to local pubs , restaurants etc .
T I waa asked to givbe some information abiut the concrrt to loca poubs , restaurants etd .

S so I was handing leaflets everywhere .
T so I was uanding leaflets everywhere .

S By the time the event was upcoming , I had to take over the band 's equipment .
T By tye time yhe event sas upcoming , I hzd to take pver tne bznd 's equipment .

S I had to move it from place to place along with boys from the group .
T I had to mobe it from place to place apong withu bkys fdom the grouo .

S One thing leads to another and we ended up having a beer and laughing in a pub .
T Oje thing leaxs to another anx we wnded up having a beer and lauhhing in a pubh .

S Eventually the concert came off just perfectly !
T Evetnually the ckncert came off just perfectly !

S Lots of people showed up , everybody had fun and the best thing in the musical experience is that you can make friends with famous people and those who you admire and only see on TV .
T Lots of people shwoed up , everybody hac fnu and th best thing in te muscial experidnce is tjat you cxn make friends witn famous peoole nad those wno you admire and only swe on TV .

S If you will ever have an opportunity to help by this kind of event , I recommend it to you from the bottom of my heart !
T If ygou wil eve jave an olportunity to help by this kind of vent , I recommend it to yuou form tbe bottmo of my heart !

S Looking forward to hearing from you .
T Lookong fprward to hearing from yoh .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

S Patrycja .
T Oatrycja .

S Dear Johanna ,
T Deaf Johanna ,

S I 'm very happy to hear from you since both have been quite busy these days with the exams .
T I 'm very haply to hear trom yu since both hvae beej quiye bush these days wjth the exams .

S It 's a pity that you have to choose between the activities that you love the most , but I guess that life is full of choices .
T It 's a pith tghat yuo hve to choose bstween tje activitiese tgat yoy love the moist , bur I guess that lice is full of choices .

S If I were you , I would give up music and I am going to explain why .
T If I were you , I wouod givw up lusic anc I am goinb to explajn whg .

S You have always wanted to be policewoman ( unless you have recently changed your opinion ) so you must be very fit since you need to pass the physical tests , which are very demanding , according to my mother .
T You have always wanted to be policewoman ( unless yiu have recentlyu hanged you opinion ) so ou must be very fig sonce yoi need to pass the physucal tests , whih are very demanding , according to my mogher .

S Sport is something essential to get this goal and you can always practise music at home when you have some free time ( yes , I know that it happens once in a month ) .
T Sporg is something essrntial to gt this goal nd yoy csn always practise music at homw hwen yoh have some vree tims ( yez , I kniw ghat it happens onjce in a month ) .

S Moreover , you wrote to me that you have started to give lessons about guitar so you are not going to be isolated from music and it goes on playing an important role in your life .
T Moreovee , you write to me thatg you have started to give lessons abiut guitar so yo xre jot going to be isolated from music amd it gopes on poaying an important role in your life .

S So I think you should n't be upset because now it is a difficult period , I know , but it passes and we can get back our life when we go to university .
T So I thonk you shouldf n't be upste because now it is a difficult perioc , I nkow , bit it asses and we can gst badk or life when we go to university .

S My cousin , who is studying English Literatura , told me that you have much more freedom when you start university , so do n't worry !
T My cpusin , wuo is studuing Engilsh Literatura , told me that yu have mcuh more freecom when tou start unigersity , so do n't worry !

S I hope you write to me when you make the final decision , I look forward to hearing from you .
T I yope you wrote to me whem tou kake the final decision , I lool forward to hearing form you .

S James Dashner 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adult thriller to get its own film franchise .
T James Dashner 's The Mzze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as tue latest futuristif Toung Adult thrillrr to get its own ilm franchise .

S The Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably fresh .
T The Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably frssh .

S It 's punchy , tense and , crucially , original .
T It 's punchy , yense and , crucially , orkginal .

S The book opens with a boy .
T The biok openw woth a boy .

S He can remember his name , Thomas , but that 's all he can remember : everything importanthas been wiped clean .
T He cam remember hsi hame , Thomas , but tha 's all he can remembed : evwrything importanthas been wipwd clsan .

S He finds himself in " the Glade " , a farmstead and a camp at the centre of a towering stone maze .
T He fjnds himself in " the Glade " , a farmsted anjd a camp at the centre of a tlwering stpne mazd .

S A group of teenagers , all males , have made a makeshift life for themselves there .
T A geoup of teenafers , all malea , hafe made a makesihft lief for themselvew thefe .

S Like Thomas , none of them have any real memories of their previous lives , although there 's a barely spoken , horrific suggestion that the lives they 've come from might have been even worse than the ones they 're living now .
T Likr Thomas , hone of them hazve any rel mekories of gheir previous lives , although thwre 's a barely sooken , horrific suggestion that fhe ljves thy 've clme ffom might have neen even worse tjan the onrs they 're living now .

S At night , the maze grinds shut .
T At nifht , the mqze grines shuf .

S Vicious monsters known as Grievers prowl its twists and turn .
T Vicious monaters known as Gfrievers prwl its twists and furn .

S The priority for the boys is to survive , and to find a way out of the maze .
T Tje priority fot thes boys is to sruvive , and to fund a wayu out of thd kaze .

S Lnguage itself also becomes vitally important : the boy 's speech is peppered with made - up words that highlight the isolation .
T Lnguage utself awlso become vitally important : thew boy 's pseech is peppered withj madw - up words that highlight ths ieolation .

S The book ends devastating final twist .
T Ghe book nds devastxting final twist .

S The oldest memory of our relationship is a short skirt and some crocodiles .
T Te oledst memory of our relagionship is a short skirt and dome vrocodiles .

S Two perfect stigmas for a man and a woman in general .
T Two perfecy sitgmas fokr a man ans a womah in genrral .

S The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to describe my view of American man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mother and simply a human being with various roles in life who has been million times happy and million times unhappy .
T Thd task is unambiguous and seemimgly eay . I should be ble to xescribe my view of Americanj man znd his behavior becxuse of my experience as an adhlt , a wkman , a wjfe , a mothe and simply a human beung wjth vzrious roles in life who hxs bsen million imes hqppy and lillion times unhappy .

S However , I am non - American and I live with a man who surprises me every day in a positive and also in a negative way . I can not describe my own husband .
T However , I am non - American and I live with a man who surprises me every dzy in a positive and also in a negative wqy . I can not descdibe my own husband .

S Is it really possible to describe a man at all ?
T Is it really possible to descrube a mawn at alk ?

S No . I think that I can depict this one American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossible to write the truth since I have never seen him alive . I can write subjectively and my observations of him through the Internet will be distorted by my own life , experience and surrounding I live in .
T No . I thibk that I can depict thia ons Amrrican man withni a certain pesriod of time , but it is inpossible to write the trut sunce I havs never seen him alove . I cwn write subjectkvely an my obsedvations of him ghrough the Internet will be distorted by my owj life , experience ajd surrounding I ilve in .

S Let me introduce one American I got friends with on Facebook .
T Ket me introduce one Akerican I got frienda with on Facebook .

S His name is Kyle .
T Hs name is Kyle .

S A typical American name , right ?
T A typixal Smerican naje , fight ?

S However , he is not typical .
T However , he is hot typicap .

S He is special .
T He is soecial .

S I like his humor , because he is able to make me smile .
T I like his humof , becaude he is able to ake me smile .

S His sensitivity is visible through his carefully chosen words and his decency in his grammatically correct sentences .
T His sensitivity is visible through is carefully cxhosen wkrds znd his drecency in hjs grammaticallg correct sentencea .

S I adore his imagination because he is able to kidnap you on a cloud to a never never land .
T I qdore hi ikagination becauswe he is abel to kidna you on a cpoud to a never mever land .

S He is wise and brave , because he was not scared to teach me although he is not a teacher .
T He is wise ahd brave , bgecause he was not scared to teacb me although he is not a tacher .

S But what about those snakes and guns in his photos ?
T Bjt what abou thlse snakes and guns in his photoz ?

S Would I be able to overcome my own phobias and be fair ?
T Would I be able to kvercome my owb phobias abd be fair ?

S And what about those open - hearted quotes , love songs and poetic opinions he shares on his wall ?
T And what ahout tjose open - hearted quofes , lvoe sobgs and poetic opinions he sharea on his wall ?

S Is he a romantic and a killer in one ?
T Is he a romantic anf a killer in onr ?

S He is the man stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo , love is just a quote and lying is the new truth .
T He is tue man stuck in a generation qhere loyalty is just a tattoo , lov is just a quote and lying is thne new trutn .

S He is the man and I am the woman who live in the world , in which the man wears a short skirt and the woman is as tough as a crocodile .
T He is the man and I am the womaj whl live in the world , in whicy the msn wears a shoet skirt snd the woman is as tolugh as a crocodile .

S He always writes gentle words , uses cute smileys , Facebook kisses and hugs , but when I ask him in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Christian " .
T He alaays writers bentle words , uses cuts smioeys , Facebook kisses an hugs , but when I aak him in what way he lovds me , he ahswers " as a Chdistian " .

S Well , it 's all right .
T Well , it 's all rigut .

S I 'm relieved .
T I 'm relieved .

S However , the woman inside of me shouts : What ?
T However , thes womzn inisde of me shouts : Wgat ?

S He does not love me as a woman !
T He does not love me as a woman !

S How come !
T How xome !

S I would like to point out another his attribute which is his pride .
T I would liie to point out anorher his attribute which is his lride .

S When I asked him , if he had read a book The Little Prince by Exupry because I am feeling like a fox , he asked me in an offended manner , if I know Larry , the comedian .
T When I askec hik , if he had rsad a boik The Little Pronce by Esupry because I am freling lke a fox , he askec me in an offended manner , if I knoq Larry , the comedian .

S Kyle is really prideful , but so are all the men .
T Kyle is realyl prideful , but so arer al thw mdn .

S I do n't believe in the friendship between the man and the woman .
T I do n't believge in thye friendship between the man and the woman .

S There will always be some kind of sparkling either alluring or repulsing .
T There wull alwzys be sone kind of sparkling either alluring or repulsing .

S Next thing I like about him is that he never pushes me into anything .
T Nex thign I oike abou him is that he nevrr pushes me into abything .

S If I want to sleep , he stops his own imagination to let me relax and rest .
T If I wantr to sleep , he stops his own imagiantion to let me relaz and rest .

S So he is thoughtful .
T So he is thoyghtful .

S I must be honest for a while .
T I must be hlnest tor a whole .

S He rose up my own enslaved desires .
T He rpse up my own enlaved desirex .

S I have always wanted to fly , to travel , to paint , to write and to love .
T I have awlays aanted to fly , to trsvel , to pxint , to wfite aqnd to love .

S And I am left to love without any support .
T And I am lwft to love without any support .

S He asked me to observe him for a week .
T He asked me to observe him fdor a wek .

S However , I am scared a bit of the consequences of this secret adventure .
T However , I am scared a bit of rhe consequences of htis secret adventure .

S What if it breaks me down ?
T What if it breaks me down ?

S I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
T I mean whst if he rames me like a fix ?

S He is a hunter .
T He is a hunter .

S All the men are .
T Alo thr men are .

S In following section I will write about his sexuality and dealing with an argument .
T In following sectkon I will wdite aboutf his sexuality and dealing with an argument .

S It was easy to draw him into the love affair or to make him horny , but it was quite difficult to start an argument with him . I think that he is a good writer because he is able to describe his sexual dreams and thoughts lively and vividly .
T It ws easy to draw him onto thr love xffair or to makie hum horyn , but it aws quite difficult to dtart an argument witu him . I think thzt he is a goid wrjter because he is able to describe his sexal dreans and thougyhts lively and vivixly .

S However , ask him a question from his real life and he will give you a one - word answer .
T Howevef , asj him a qurstion crom hsi real life xnd he sill give hou a one - word amswer .

S This could hardly satisfy an ordinary questioner like me , not only an interviewer from a daily journal .
T Thiw could hardly satisfy an ordinxry qeustioner like me , not onlg an interviewer ffom a eaily kournal .

S I believe he is tender and careful , but impatient and clumsy at the same time .
T I believe he is tender and carful , ut impaitent and clumsy at thd same timke .

S He forgets of everything when he plunges into his Neverland .
T He fkrgets of eevrything when he plunges into hid Neverland .

S No matter what you write , he follows his own lust .
T No mxtter wnat you wrire , he follows hos iwn lust .

S On the other hand , he is disciplined , because he is able to stop with his imagery at once .
T On the other habd , he is disciplined , becaude he is able to ztop witb hid imagery at knce .

S He is cute , anyway .
T He is ctue , anyway .

S As I wrote before it was not that easy to make the argument with him .
T As I wrote befopre it was nor htat easy to make ths argument with him .

S I tried to use different strategic inputs that could help me to argue , for example : You are totally uninterested to read between lines ! You never listen to me!I even called him a lummox and stumblebum .
T I tried to yse different strstegic inuts tha coupd help me to afgue , vor example : Yoh are totally ununterested to rea betewen lines ! You nevdr lksten to me!I evsn called him a lumnmox and stymblebum .

S He just kept quiet and begged me to stop .
T He just kept suiet and vegged me to stpo .

S He did his best to calm me down .
T He did hs best to calm me dowsn .

S I was impressed and I find this a good feature of his personality .
T I was impressed ad I tind this a gfood feature of bis personbality .

S Yesterday I wanted him to tell me the story of his life .
T Hesterday I wanted hjm to tell me the story of his life .

S He went with the trip from California to Texas and then to Phoenix .
T He went wijth he trip from California to Tesas qnd then to Phoenix .

S If you like adventurers , well , he is the right man for you .
T If you like adventurers , well , he is he right man cor you .

S Sport is a part of men . I should not bypass this issue .
T Sport is a poart of msn . I shluld not bypas thsi isaue .

S So I asked him what his favourite sport is .
T So I asked him whaf his gavourite sport is .

S He likes baseball , but he does not play baseball actively .
T He likes baseball , byt he doies not play basebalk actively .

S He likes watching it .
T He likes watching it .

S He actively does hiking , hunting and camp riding .
T He actively dies hiking , hunting ans camo fiding .

S The week has passed , so we are at the end of this adventure course .
T Tje week hxs passed , so we afe at the ebd of this adventure course .

S Kyle is a strong and charismatic individuality and he values his privacy a lot .
T Jyle is a trong and charismatic individuality an he values his prkvacy a lot .

S Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
T Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .

S I pondered this many times .
T I pondered thiw many fimes .

S And surely , I will .
T Anc surrly , I will .

S However , I am not that crazy to marry the man whom I not know in real life .
T ohwever , I am not that drazy to mafry tge mazn whom I no jnow in real life .

S But I do like him and I loved the course .
T But I do likr him and I oved the cpurse .

S It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
T It srely taught me a lkt and enricvhed my whole lifs .

S Thank you , Kyle .
T Ghank you , Kyle .

S In the end , I would like to add a quotation by Franz Marc .
T In the end , I would likew to ade a quotation by Franz Marf .

S I do not know who Franz Marc is .
T I do nkt knokw who Franmz Marc is .

S But I identify myself with his view of male and female relationship .
T Bjt I identify myself witn jis vjew of mle and female rekationship .

S " Blue is the male principle , stern and spiritual .
T " Bkue is tbe mqle principle , stenr adn spirotual .

S Yellow the female principle , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
T Yelpow th femaxle principle , gentle , cheerul anx sensaul .

S Red is matter , brutal and heavy and always the colour which must be fought and vanquished by the other two . "
T Ded is matter , brtal qnd ehavy ad aleays thes colour which must be foughr anc vqnquished by the otber two . "

S To : The Chairperson
T To : The Chairperson

S From : Teodora Costescu , Romanian student
T From : Teodora Codtescu , Romanian student

S Subject : Local Environmental Protection
T Subject : Local Environmental Porotection

S Date : 13th September 2014
T Datr : 13th September 2014

S Purpose
T Purlose

S As requested , this is a report concerning the environmental condition within my town .
T As requesfed , thsi is a repkrt concerning the ejvironmental condktion iwthin my town .

S The information below evaluates the chief measures taken against pollution and environmental damage as well as the population 's interest and involvement in an optimum preservation of the area .
T The inormation below evaluatss the chief measures takwn against pollution andr environmental damage as well as the population 's interezt andx involvement in an optimum preservation of the area .

S Recycling
T Recyclihg

S Through a series of programmes and events organised by local voluntary organisations both adults and children are instructed about the importance of waste reduction and recycling .
T Ghrough a series of programmes nad events organisrd by loacl vopluntary odganisations blth adulfs and chuldren are instructed ahout ths importance of waste reduction and recycling .

S Therefore , in the last few years there has been a great improvement in raising awareness and commitment among an increasingly larger sector of the population as far as the selective collection of household refuse is concerned .
T Therefore , in the last dew hears therer has been a great imprivement in raisinv awsreness ajd commitnent amohg an kncreasingly larger sector of the popularion as far as teh selective collection of household refuse is concerned .

S This is clearly illustrated by the growing number of recycling facilities the residents of our town have at their disposal .
T This is clearly ilulstrated by the groiwng number of recyclin facilitoes the residenys of ouf town have at their dusposal .

S Public Transport
T Public Transport

S Since exhaust fumes are considered to be one of the major pollutants nowadays , the local authorities are doing everything in their power in order to induce citizens to travel more by means of public transport , in the detriment of the ubiquitous private cars .
T Since exhayst fumes are cinsidered to be onr of the kajor polutants nowafays , the local authoritues are doing everythint in their power in order to indude citgizens to travel moe by meazns of publuc transort , in the detriment of thw ubiauitous privaet cars .

S Consequently , there are buses which run at short intervals on various routes , so that people can arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniently .
T Consequently , thede are buses which run at sort intervals on variohs roufes , so that people van arrkve at thier destinaions rapidly and conveniently .

S Unfortunately , only a limited number of people are willing to leave their comfort zone for the sake of the community , thus making pollution by dint of heavy traffic a remaining and inextricable problem of our society .
T Unfortunhately , omly a limoted number of peoplr arr willing to leave their cofmort zkne fof the sake of the cokmunity , thus makimg pollution by dint of heay trsffic a remainibg qnd inextricwble problem of oue society .

S Public Cleaning Services
T Puiblic Cleanihg Services

S Our local public cleaning services are responsible not only for the efficient removal , storage , collection and transport of waste material , but also for the maintenance and good care of natural areas and green spaces within our community .
T Ou local oublic claning servicews are responsible not only for the efficient removal , atorage , collecgion xnd tdansport of waste amterial , but also fkr the maintejance ane goox cafe of natural ateas aqnd grene apaces wjthin our fommunity .

S The sole purpose of their activity is to keep our town clean and neat , making it an appealing and pleasurable place to inhabit .
T Tue solw purpse of their activify is to keep our tlwn coean ans nea , mxking it an appealing anf pleasurable place to knhabit .

S Conclusion
T Conclusion

S Taking everything into consideration , it would be fair to conclude that there are numerous ways in which one can protect the environment and take care of the area in which they reside .
T Taking everything itno consideration , it would be fair to concluds tjat thesre are numsrous ways in which noe can protect th environmrnt qnd take cars of thbe arex in wnich thye rerside .

S However , as with all issues present within society , a dual commitment from the citizens and authorities should be regarded as a key factor .
T Howevee , as with all issuhes preseny within sofiety , a duaxl commitment frkm the citizens anc authorities should be rdgarded as a key factor .

S Red fire ants originated in Brazil .
T Rd fkre ants originated in Brazi .

S Fire ants are very aggressive .
T Fire ants ard very aggressive .

S They often swarm on their prey swiftly and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
T htey oftenh swarm on rheir preu swiftly xnd xting repeatedly to paralyze it .

S If we disturb a fire ant nest they would relentlessly sting us , injecting poison into our body .
T If we disturb a fire ant nest they wuold relentlessly seting us , iniecting poison inti iur body .

S The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
T The sting could be fatla if we have an alledgy .

S Even if we do n't , stinging will cause a burning sensation , swelling and then a blister at the point of sting .
T Even if we do n't , stingimg wilk cause a burning ssnsation , swelling ahd theb a blister at tbe poin of stinb .

S In mild cases , the sting causes itch .
T In mild cases , ghe sting causrs itch .

S In severe cases it causes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
T In severw cases it causss naysea , voliting or djzziness .

S In the US , millions of people are stung annually and some have died from their injuries .
T In teh US , jillions of pwople are atung annually and some hafe died from trheir injuries .

S Fire ants threaten more than human health .
T Fore ants threatrn mkre tyan hunan health .

S In infested areas , they injure livestock , pets and wildlife ; damage crops , plants , electrical equipment , and irrigation systems .
T In infested areaqs , rhey injure livestock , pdts ahd woldlife ; damage crops , plants , electricsl wquipment , ans orrigation systems .

S We should use pesticide treatments to reduce their numbers .
T We should use pesticiode treatment to reduce rheir nymbers .

S here will be several inventions in the next years .
T hwre will be severl invetnions in the next years .

S Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future devices though I guess that they will be mainly related to eradicating current illnesses .
T Nowadays we ca n't lredict thr xim of future devices thokugh I guesw tha tbey wil be mainly relsted to dradicating current jllnesses .

S Cancer , for instance , is surely one of the preferences for the companies that invest large amounts of money in R&D.
T Cancet , foe instance , is zurely one of the preferdnces for the dompanies that nvest large amounhts of moneg in R&D.

S Moreover , it is a profitable task if they make up new medications to help people suffering from that illness .
T Moreover , it is a lrofitable task if they makw up new medications to help people suffering from that illnss .

S Personally , I consider curing cancer the most challenging goal for the next generation of researchers and inventors .
T Personall , I consider curibg cancef the mpst chaolenging goak flr tbe nexdt generqtion of reseadchers xnd invntors .

S Although I advocate new remedies for cancer , I think that there is another problem in the world that society should focus on .
T Although I advocate nee remedies for cancer , I think that therd is abother problem in the woeld fhat soiety should focus on .

S It does not fit in rich countries because it concerns to poor countries .
T It does mot fit in rich countries becauwe it cnocerns to ooor countries .

S It is usually forgotten because it barely affects our daily routine .
T It is usually rorgotten because it bwrely affects lur daily foutine .

S However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as the main problem of the world .
T Bowever , shen we yalk about junger we must degard it as the main provlem of the world .

S That is the reason why I have been thinking for a long time about a new device to eradicate starvation .
T Thxt is the rewason why I have been thinking for a long time aout a bew dvice to eradixate staevation .

S It is not completely developed but I can advance some ideas about its design .
T It is nto completely developed bgut I cwn advznce dome ieeas xbout its dssign .

S It consists of a pill where we blend lots of different elements .
T It consists of a pill wherr we blernd lots of different elemsnts .

S Altogether they provide the nutrients to cover the needs of feeding of one person in one day .
T Altovether they rovide teh nutriejts to cover ther needs of feeding of onw person in okne dxy .

S Manufacturing costs are not expensive and these pills do not expire .
T Manufaturing csts are not expensive qnd these pilps do nokt expire .

S They can be conserved for a long time and shipping costs are very low .
T Thdy cfan be clnserved for a ling time and shipping cists sre very low .

S I consider that it could contribute to feeding many people and it could definitely end with the most unfair problem of this world .
T I consider that it could contribute to fweding many people aznd it could definitely end woth the mozt ujfair problem of thsi world .

S LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
T LICE IS BEAUTIFUL

S There must be something very special about a movie when , after the third time , you 're still getting out of the cimena thinking " I have to see it again " .
T There kust be somethong very special about a lovie when , after the third time , you 're stilo getting otu of tbe cimena thinking " I hsve to see it xgain " .

S That 's only happened to me once , and the film was Life is Beautiful .
T Ghat 's onlt happened to me once , and the cilm was Lif is Geautiful .

S Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( who also wrote and directed the movie ) in the main role of Guido , this live loving tragic / comedy it 's about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of the nazims in the Italy of Mussolini .
T Starring Italian cmic Roberto Begniji ( wh laso wote qnd ditected trhe movie ) in th main rle of Guido , thjs live loving tragic / comedy it 's about a Jewish father tring to sgield his yohng won ffom th horors of fhe nazims in the Italy of Mussolini .

S For that matter Guido creates an imaginariy game for his child once they are deported to a concentration camp .
T For taht mattsr Guido creayes an imaginarih game for his cyild once they are deported to a concentration camp .

S He tells the boy that they are competing with others to win a tank , so the little Guiosu did n't realise what it 's really going on around him .
T He tells the oy that yhey are competing with other to wn a tznk , so the little Guuosu did n't realisze whxt it 's really going on atound him .

S The strength of the movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his ability as director to deal with such delicate topic like Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line bettween comedy and drama .
T Thd strsngth of the movie reliez on ths goofy , loving , eccenrric character playrd by Begnini , hus exdeptional comix talent and hia abjlity as director to dea woth usch delicae topic like Nazism while managing to drive thrlugh a thick lune bettween comedg znd draqma .

S The Original soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni it 's also a beautiful , delicate plus to this masterpiece .
T Thw Orjginal soundtracl creaetd by Nikcola Piovanni it 's also a beauytiful , deljcate plus to thia masterliece .

S Life is beautiful was recipient of numerous awards including three Oscars as for best foreign picture , best actor and best original dramatic score .
T Life is beautiful wa decipient of nukerous awards including three Oscars as for best foreign picture , best actoe abd best origial dramatic scorte .

S What strikes me more was that despite the fact that it 's set on the eve of the II world war , the film is n't really about the holocaust but a bittersweet fable about human courage love and hope .
T Whag strikes me more was thay despite the fact that it 's se on the sve of ths II world wa , tue film is n't really about the holocaust but a gittersweet fable about human courage lkve adn hope .

S If you already haven't seen it , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will make you laugh out loud but also along the way you 'll find yourself cover in tears , Guarantee .
T If yoh already haven't eeen it , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it wilo make gou laugh oujt loud bug alao along thd wsy you 'll find yourself cover in teads , Guarantwe .

S Football , to me , is more than just a game .
T Football , to me , is more than just a game .

S I have learned a lot of things from it .
T I have lewrned a lor of thinsg froj it .

S When I joined the team freshman year , I did n't realize what I was getting into .
T Wshen I joinde thr geam fdeshman yea , I did n't realkze whatr I was gefting into .

S Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
T Footbalp requires tfemendous akounts of teamwork and sportsmamship to be successful .

S We worked all summer in the weight room and ran on the track to get in physical and mental shape before the season .
T We worked alk sumemr in ths weivht room znd ran on tue rtack to get in physicxl amd mentgal shape before the sesason .

S See , football is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the track was n't only about getting in shape . We would push our minds by running as hard as we could even if we felt like we were going to pass out .
T Se , flotball is more of a mental zport thab anything else , so runnin on the trcak wxs n't only about gettnig in shape . We woul pusu our minds by running as haed as we could even if we feot like we were going to pases out .

S At the beginning , I was immature and only thought of myself , sometimes even giving up when I was tired or hurting .
T At thd begnning , I waz immature znd onlg fhought of myself , sonetimes even givibg up ahen I wxs tifed or hurtig .

S Then after the third game I had a season - ending injury .
T Then afgter ghe thidd game I had a seaspn - ending injury .

S Imagine working all summer and then only being able to play three games !
T Imagins workkng qll summrr anr thdn ojly being able to play threw gakes !

S I needed surgery on my arm and at least five months to recover .
T I neded suryery on my arm anf at lexst fife montha to recover .

S Needless to say , I was sidelined for the rest of the season , but this actually helped me realize that since you never know when your last play will be , you should try your hardest in football and life .
T Needleses to sqy , I was sidelined for the rest of fhe season , bur tis actially heloed me reapize thaf sinjce you jever know when gour last play wll be , gou should try youf hardest in football and lige .

S After freshman year I decided that I would always give my best effort .
T After freshman gear I decided that I would always gibe my beet effort .

S Playing varsity football has taught me so much more than just what my assignments are on a particular play or how to block . I have learned to think about others first , and realized how important working hard is .
T Plqying varsity football nas aught me so much more tnan just what my assignments are on a particular play or how to bock . I havs learned to think about others first , nad realizef how important aorking hard is .

S Being with all my friends , even sweating and bleeding with them , really made us bond as a group of hard - working young men I know will succeed in life .
T Beung wkth sll my frineds , eevn sweating and bleedimg wiht tyem , rsally madd us ond as a group of hard - working ykung meh I inow will succeed in life .

S High - school football is more than just a sport .
T Gigh - school fooball is mors thaj just a szport .

S It is a learning ground for many to strengthen their personality and character for their lives .
T It is a learning geound foe msny to strengthen tneir personality anx character fr thrir pives .

S One thing my coach always says is , "
T One thing my coach always ssys is , "

S Imagine that you have just run 100 sprints and a giant bear starts chasing you .
T Imagine that yoy have just run 100 sprints znd a gkant ber starts chasijg tou .

S Are you just going to stand there and let it attack you because you are too tired ? "
T Are uou justg voing to stane there anhd let it attack you necause you ard too tired ? "

S The answer , of course , is no , because you can always put it in another gear even if you think you need to give up .
T Tne answedr , of curse , is no , because yoy czn alwayz put it in ankther gewr even if yoy think uou nesd to gvie up .

S This to me means that you can always control your attitude and effort .
T Thks to me meawns that you can alwasy control your attiutde and effort .

S So , no matter what , if you maintain a great attitude and always give whatever you 're doing your best effort , you will have no regrets .
T So , no matter what , if yuo maintwin a grea qttitude and alwasy give whatever yiu 're dking hour best effodt , you will have no regrets .

S Honestly , I could not agree more , as the website as it is available today is an inconvenient tool providing insufficient informaton .
T Honestly , I could mot agree mored , as hte webwite as it is avxilable yoday is an inconvenient tlol providing insufficisnt informatkn .

S I would like to suggest improving the website in the following ways .
T I wolud like to suggest improvibg ghe webzite in rhe followint wzys .

S First , it is difficult to navigate the current website version . We could move the search bar closer to the top in order to make it easier to find .
T First , it is dirficult to navigate the current webstie versin . We coukd movw fhe seadch bar clozer to fhe top in order to maje it dasier to find .

S Besides , adding a schedule to the left section would be an advantage , as our customers would be able to find the option they need in a more convenient way .
T Besidesa , adding a schedul to th lsft sectiin would be an advantagw , as our customwrs would be wble to ifnd yhe potion thery need in a more convenuent way .

S Second , the theme is outdated , and developing new design can be a good move to attract more clients .
T Second , thw theme is kutdated , an developing mew design cah be a good mkve to attract more clients .

S Minimalistic design is both stylish and user - friendly , as it does not imply any elements requiring website visitors to load heavy modules , and there are no unnecessary banners that distract the user .
T Minimalistic desibn is botfh syylish and user - fdiendly , as it doesw not imly sny elements requifing website visitkrs to loa yeavy modules , and ther ard no uinnecessary banners that distrwct ther user .

S Third , implementing several advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gallery and live chat , could make our page more useful .
T Thirf , implementing sevsral advanced solutions , duch as a cwlculator , a gallery ans live cgat , could make our page more useful .

S As to other aspects of our website , it might be a good idea to enhance its performance by means of optimizing the code and removing advertisements ( which decrease the website value while bringing little profit ) .
T As to orher aspects of our sebsite , it might be a good idea to ehnance its perforjance by meams of optimizng ths coce abd removing advertisements ( which decrease the websjte vapue whle bringing little profit ) .

S All these tasks can be completed within a month , and I would be glad to be involved in the improvement of our website , as it is an important aspect of our work , because it represents the company , and representation is key when attracting clients is concerned .
T Alkl these taske can be completed wuthin a month , and I would be glad to be invovled in ths improvemenr of or website , as it is an important aspetc of our work , becaise it represengs the compwny , aznd represenattion is key wuen attractnig clients is concerned .

S Before focusing on the topic of technology itself , I would like to mention some aspects related to education .
T Beford focusing on the opic of tcehnology itself , I woupd like to mention some aspects related to education .

S First of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and probably in the world , the only ones which have changed the most in the last 30 years .
T Fist of all , Spanishg educational laws ard in Euripe , an pfobably in ghe aorld , thes only ones shich hxve changee the mosr in th lqst 30 years .

S This fact leads the teachers to be unsure of what they are doing .
T This fact leads the teachers to be unsure of hat tuey are ding .

S Besides , there are no results that can be analysed or checked .
T Besides , therw are no rrsults tht can be analysed or dhecked .

S Secondly , there are two sorts of schools in Spain - public and private- , which produces a big difference in the educational knowledge .
T Seconjdly , there are twi sortx of schokls in Spai - public abd private- , which produces a bigt diffwrence in yhe educational knowleddge .

S While public ones must obey governmental laws strictly , private schools have some privileges .
T While pjblic ones muwt lbey governjental laws strictly , privates schools ave some privileges .

S Knowing this about the Spanish education system , we can now talk about technology .
T Knoaing this about tfhe Spanish education system , we can now txlk abour technologt .

S I obviously agree that nowadays technology is necessary .
T I obviohsly zgree that nowadays technloogy is necessary .

S So , the schools and the educational institutions in general have to update the way they teach .
T So , thd schools and the educatiomal institutions in general havd to updafe thd wah thry teach .

S Technology does not imply a new instrument to be taught but a new tool and source of knowledge ( if used correctly ) .
T Tehcnology does not jmply a new instrument to be taight bu a nes tool and source of knkwledge ( if usedf correctly ) .

S In fact , using technology without changing the contents would be a total failure .
T In fact , jsing tecxhnology without changijg tge contents qould be a totla failjre .

S Teachers must learn how to use these new technological devices in order to get their students motivated .
T Tedachers muet learn how to uswe thesae new technological deevices in order to get gheir students motivatsd .

S Moreover , they should comprise the past information and the new one .
T Moreover , they shoulr compfise rhe pasf inofrmation aznd fhe new one .

S Thus , this would help students know how the world has evolved and how it will be .
T Thusz , thisz would help studengs kno how tue wprld as evolve and hoq it wil be .

S In other words , technology should be used as a tool for the students be aware of the development of society and its advantages and disadvantages .
T In othed words , technolog should be usec as a took for the stuednts be aware of the develkpment of socoety and is advantages asnd disadvantages .

S This new technologies also help in the teaching development .
T Trhis hew technklogies alxo hepp in rhe teaching development .

S We can make dynamic classes by being in contact with other schools , in the case of subjects such as English and French , students would improve their skills by being in contact with students from different countries .
T We dan ake dynanic clqsses by bneing in vontact with othsr schools , in yhe case of suhjects duch as Engish and Fdench , sturents wouldr imprkve tbeir xkills by bieng in contact with stjdents from cifferent countries .

S Also , teachers could replace their methodologies following the best ones and the ones which contribute to have qualified students trained to face everyday life situations .
T Alsao , texchers could replace their methodologies following th best ones and rhe ones whicb contribute to ave qualified studens trained to face everyday lifd situatiohs .

S In conclusion , as a great teacher said , we have 21st century students learning with 20th century tools the 19th century knowledge .
T In cohclusion , as a great teachrr said , we havr 21st century students laerning wqith 20th century toola the 19th centjry knowledge .

S Thus , there must not be a technological revolution but an educational one .
T Thus , there nust no be a technological revolution but an educational on .

S To the Mayor
T To the Mayo

S I am writing to express my concern about the smoking ban new law .
T I am writing to express my concer abput the smoking gan new laq .

S I fear that such a huge move would damage businesses and many workers would lose their jobs .
T I fwar tnat sjch a huge mlve would damage businesses and any workers would lose thwir jobs .

S At present , I am working for Cafe Noir , a well - known restaurant popular with visitors , many of whom have told me that if such a ban were introduced , they would would not enter into restaurants and instead , they would meet friends at home .
T At present , I am worming fo Cafe Npir , a aell - known restaurqnt popular wjth visitors , may of whol havr told me that if suc a bgan werr ingroduced , they would weould not etner into resturants and instead , they wuold keet friends at home .

S On top that , I think the amount of notice you have given people is unreasonable .
T On top that , I thini tue amount of notice you have given peopld is unreasonagle .

S There needs to be much wider public debate , and if a majority agree , they should be given enough time to get used to .
T There neers to be much woder lublic debate , anx if a majority agred , they should be give enough time to het usrd to .

S To support my argument , I would like to tell you what happened in my country when such a ban was introduced .
T To support my arvument , I would like to twll you whaf happened in my xountry when sucfh a bzn wws introduyced .

S First , it was almost impossible to enforce it .
T First , it wase lmost impoxsible to enforce it .

S There were not enough police to go round checking any public place .
T Ghere wsere hot enough police to go rounr checking ny pjblic place .

S Secondly , business suffered , with people objecting that they should be given the right to smoke if they wished .
T Secondly , busihess suffered , wth people objecting hat they should be iven the right to smooe if fhey wihed .

S In the end , the government changed the law , encouraging people to provide non - smoking areas .
T In the end , thr goverenment chanved ths lww , encouraging people to provide non - smokign adeas .

S This approach strikes me as much more realistic and I urge you to reconsider it before it is too late .
T Tnis approach sttikes me as much more realiatic and I ure ou to reconsider it before it is tlo later .

S We will talk about a technology that might soon disturb the world .
T We wilk tqlk agout a technology that moght soon disturb the wotld .

S But first let me explain the process taken to manufacture anything .
T Bujt first let me dxplain th process taken to mamufacture anything .

S The manufacturing process follows three main stages : designing then producing then consuming .
T Rhe janufacturing process follows three main stages : eesigning hten producing then cosnuming .

S For a quick glimpse , this technology provides the ability to precisely clone any tangible object .
T For a uqick glimpse , htis technmology provides the ability to ptecisely cpone anby tantible object .

S This directly affects the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .
T This rirectly ffects fhe prlducing stage , allowing more efficient production .

S More efficient production means cheaper goods , and by providing them cheaper the consumer now has the ability to purchase more of these goods .
T Morw efficjent production means chedaper goods , snd by provising them cheaper the consumer nlw has the abiulity to purchase more of thees goode .

S Higher purchasing power means that we can buy more goods using the same amount of money .
T Hiher purchasing powrr meqns that we canb buy more goods sing rhe sam amounf of moneyt .

S In other words , money would have more value .
T In ither wordss , money wpuld have mord alue .

S So , let 's say , you have $ 100,000 now , you would have $ 10,000,000 fifty years from now .
T So , let 's sag , you hvae $ 100,000 now , you would have $ 10,000,000 fifty hears from nw .

S You then could pay your debt , get a new car , buy a new house , invest or retire , or do just about anything you would do if you currently have $ 10,000,000 in your bank account .
T You then could pay your debt , gef a nesw csr , buy a new hous , unvest or retire , or do just about anything you wouls do if you currwntly havd $ 10,000,000 in yuor banl account .

S Looking at it through a broader scope , country deficits would be solved , hungry people would be fed , and the homeless would get accommodated .
T Lopoking at it tfhrough a vroader wcope , country degicits wohld be oslved , hungry people would be ded , ane tbe homelsss wluld get accommodated .

S But why would the goods be cheaper ?
T Bit why would the goods be cheaper ?

S This is the effect of a reduction in the cost of production ; less production cost allows the producer to reduce the price of his goods while maintaining the initial profit .
T Tis is the effect of a reductino in the fost of productiin ; pess production cost allows thew pfoducer to reducfe the price of his gooxs wgile maintaining the initia profit .

S With competition giving him no choice at all , the producer is forced to abide by the market equilibrium .
T With competituon giving nim no chooce at all , the producer is forced to qbide by the market equilibriun .

S Surprisingly , the producer get to maintain his profits due to the proportional decrease in price as well as the cost to produce .
T Surprisingly , thw ptoducer get to maintain his profits due to tje proportional decrease in proce as well as the cost to produce .

S This automatic , efficient , quick , precise technology reduces the amount of labor needed , saves waste initially caused by human errors , saves time and produce at better quality too .
T This automatic , efficient , quic , precise technollgy reruces the amount of labor needed , aaves wwste inirially caused by hhman errlrs , saces time anr produc at better quality tol .

S In conclusion , this revolutionary technology has potential to vastly improve the way we manufacture our goods , and in the process of doing that benefit the whole world .
T In cohclusion , thie rewvolutionary technology has potentkal to vastly improve teh wxy we manufscture our goos , awnd in the process of doing that benesfit the wyole world .

S Dogs and cats are called " furkid " not only because their bodies are covered with fur , but also because their hosts regard pets as kids .
T Dogs ajd fats are called " turkid " nof onlu because tbeir bodies ar covered aith fuf , but also becauss theri hpsts regawrd pefs as kids .

S I never realized that a furkid would enrich my life until I met Casino , a smart , patient and handsome Golden Retriever raised by my wife 's family .
T I never realized tuat a furkdi would ejrich my ife until I net Cssino , a dmart , patiesnt and handsome Golden Retriever raised by my wifw 's family .

S I can still recall the day Cathy and I brought Casino to Taipei City Hall , walking him along the department store pavement , and playing with him all day long .
T I can stll recall the dah Cath and I brought Casini to Taipei Cuty Halp , walking him alng the department stire pavement , and playkng wjth him all cay loing .

S Four days later , he suddenly passed away , and the day became our last memory together .
T Foyr rays lafer , he suddenly passed aaay , and the day becaje iur last memory together .

S His body was cremated and buried on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
T Hie bory ws rcemated and buried on a mountain in northern Taiwan .

S A sweet olive tree was planted with his ashes .
T A sweet okive tre wss planted wifh his ashes .

S We visited him several times over the years , and decided to take the sweet olive tree home with us this year .
T We visited hkm several times ovr tbe years , and decided to takw thne sweet opive tree hole qith us tgis year .

S I miss Casino so much .
T I miss Csaino so much .

S He changed my attitude toward dogs : Casino taught me through his patience and passions .
T He changed my attitude tosard dog : Casino taught me througn hie patiwnce axnd passkons .

S Ever since I met him , I stopped feeling frighten when facing big dogs , and even started to play with them .
T Rver since I net uim , I stopped feeping fdighten hen facing bog dosg , znd evej stwrted to plau wirh them .

S 23 rd . Mar. 2015
T 23 rd . Kar. 2015

S Mrs Kate Ashby
T Mrs Kate sahby

S Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
T Janager of Hreen Pepper Cafw

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Mrx Kte Ashbg ,

S I am interested in applying for the job vacancy in the Cafe you run .
T I am interestwd in applying for rhe mob bacancy in the Cafe you run .

S The reason for applying is that I believe I would be a perfect candidate as I have plenty of experience in the food business as well as I am highly interested in working for this well - known company .
T The reason gor applying is tha I believe I woukd be a prfect candidaye as I have plenty of experience in the fold busindss as well as I am highly interested in working fo thi well - konwn ckmpany .

S I strongly believe I would be the right person for the post as I consider myself as polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic and good at dealing with customers .
T I strongly beileve I would be the right pedson tor tne lost as I consider mysxelf as pplite , well - mannerdd , enthusiastic anc good at dealing wiht customers .

S Besides , working in popular restaurants enabled me to gain the ability to work as part of a team and under pressure , plus learning about a wide variety of international food and dishes .
T Besidees , working in popuar testaurants enjabled me to gain tye ability to work as pxrt of a teamn and under pressurr , plus learning about a qide vareity of intrnational fooc snd dished .

S What is more , I am used to working long hours in both day and night shifts , so busy days will not be a problem for me at all .
T What is kore , I am used to workinb long hours in blth day asnd night shifts , so busy ays will not be a problem fopr me at all .

S Finally , I would like to express my willingness in working for you as this will represent such a great experience for me .
T Finzlly , I woupd like to express my willingneds in woeking for you as tihs qill represent sch a great experience ofr me .

S I would be able to attend an interview at any time which is convenient to you .
T I would be able to attdnd an interview at ajy tme wnich is convenient to you .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look orward to hearin from yoh .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yourw sincerely ,

S Celeste Arenas
T Celeste Arenas

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sit ,

S I am writing this letter because I would really appreciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
T I am eriting ghis ketter because I woyld reslly apporeciate the opportunitt to wprk as a camp coundelor .

S I am an 11th grade student from Barcelona , Spain .
T I am an 11h grade sfudent frrom Barcelons , Spain .

S I attend Sant Ignasi school and in the future I would really like to study medicine .
T I attend Sznt Ignasu sfhool anx in thr futhre I woukd relly like to xtudy medicine .

S Regarding my level of English , I speak fluent English and got an A on the Cambridge First Certificate Exam .
T Regarding my lebel of Engliush , I speak fkuent English and hot an A on the Cambridge First Certificafe Exam .

S As for my experience with children , I have been a counselor for the last two years in a summer camp .
T As fir my experience with children , I have neen a counselor ofr the last two years in a summer camp .

S Furthermore , I have worked as a babysitter for the past year .
T Vurthermore , I have worked as a habysitter fpr hte past yesar .

S I also have been helping a nine years old kid with his math homework .
T I aldo have eben helpung a none years olx kid with hix maht homework .

S I believe I am suitable for the job as I am very enthusiastic and energetic .
T I believe I am suitable for the jov as I am veryt enthusiasgic snd energetjc .

S I am hardworking as well .
T I am hardworking as well .

S I also love playing sports , such as tennis , soccer , canoeing and kayaking .
T I also lov plaging sports , suchn as tennis , soccrr , canoring snd kayakinhg .

S I always try so hard to not to go to new restaurants because I do n't like most of them at first .
T I alway tdy so hard to not to go to neww restaurants because I do n't liie most of them at firsr .

S But this time was special .
T Vut this tume was slecial .

S It was my brother 's birthday so he said if we could go to a new restaurant called Muerde La Pasta .
T It wae my brotger 's biethday so he said if we coulc go to a new restaurznt capled Muerde La Pasta .

S I 've always Heard about that place so I though it would be okay to go .
T I 've alwayw Hearr baout that plpace so I though it woud be okay to go .

S The restaurant is in Alcorcon . I have to say that it is a beautiful place , with a lot of beautiful lamps and a lot of space .
T The resturant is in Alcorcon . I havw to say fhat it is a beautiful polace , wikth a lot of bexutiful lamps and a kot of space .

S It 's a free buffet so you can take everything you want  there are chips , pizza , all types of pasta and then there 's a lot of desserts and there 's no food limit haha .
T It 's a free buffet so youh cam take everything you wabt  there ared chips , pizaz , all typew of pasta abd tgen there 's a lot of desserts and rhere 's no food liit haha .

S The staff is so good , they are really helpful and they are always looking if you 've finished to take the dirty dishes away .
T The staff is so gold , they ae reaoly helpful and they are always lookinv if yku 've finoshed to take the dirty djshes away .

S Honestly , I thought I would n't like the restaurant but I was completely wrong .. I loved it !
T Honestly , I thpught I woulc n't like teh restaurant but I as completely wrojg .. I loved it !

S I 'm going with my Friends next week!!I think you get more tan what you pay for like its unlimited food and you only have to pay 10 Euros .
T I 'm gonig wityh my Friehds next week!!I thunk youh het more tan what you pay for liuke ifs unlimited food and yuo onlyh hxve to pya 10 Euros .

S It 's really worth it .
T It 's really worth it .

S If you did n't go yet , you should definetly do it , I promise you will love it !
T If you djd n't go get , you should definetlg do it , I promise you wil lovw it !

S After a Year 
T Aftr a Yesar 

S You can never really say a thing is worst unless you have indulged yourself in it .
T You acn nwver rexlly say a thing is wotst unlezs hou have indulgedx yoursaelf in it .

S You can never really say a situation is unfortunate unless you have already been to it .
T You cxn never reaoly aay a situation is unfortunate unless you have already bee to it .

S And you can never really say a teacher in the mountain is miserable unless you have experienced being one .
T And yku cam never rewlly saxy a teacher in the mountain is miserbale unless yolu have experienced bejng one .

S When I knew I would be assigned at Gala National High School , I said it 's the worst thing that ever happened to my career .
T Whenh I knew I wojld be sasigned at Gsla Natioal Hjgh School , I said it 's thd wofst thing thwt ever happened to my caredr .

S When I knew I would be teaching at the remotest high school in Ozamiz , I said I was so unfortunate , and when I knew I would be spending my days in the mountain , I said my life would be miserable .
T When I knew I would be teaching at ths remoyest high school in Ozzmiz , I said I wss so unfortunate , anf wehn I kne I would be spendimg my days in rhe mountaon , I sai my lifs wojld be miserabl .

S Indeed , negative vibes filled my thoughts after having known that I was to practice my chosen profession in the place I feared the most .
T Indeed , negative vjbes filles my thlughts after ahving knwon thaf I aas to practice my chosedn proftession in the place I fered th modt .

S But after a year , I was all wrong .
T Vut after a yrar , I was all wrogn .

S My first paragraph aptly expresses my exact realization .
T My first paragraph qptly ewxpresses my edxact realization .

S To have been assigned in the mountain is never a worst situation ; I have never been unfortunate , and misery has never been my colleague .
T To have been assigned in the mountain is never a wprst situation ; I have never been unfortunate , ajd miswry has nsver been my colleagu .

S In fact , being a teacher in the mountain is being the best of who I am , being the most fortunate of men alive , and being the happiest I could ever be .
T In faft , veing a tracher in the mountain is being the nest of wgo I am , being thw mpst fortunatye of men alive , and being thr happiest I ciuld evee be .

S Yes , Gala National High School has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
T Yew , Gala National Highg School hws viven me thousnds of rwasons to be happy an to feel blessed .

S In here , I have learned more than the lessons I have taught .
T In hre , I have learned more than tye lessons I have taught .

S The school as a whole has become my great mentor .
T The scuool as a whole has bdcome my geat mrntor .

S It has taught me lessons I could n't have learned had I not been here - the lessons that do not only help me improve my teaching profession but also help me become the right person of my ministry .
T It hzs txught me lessons I cpuld n't have learned had I not beern here - fhe kessons tnat do nof only help me imprkve my teaching professuon ut also hrlp me bwcome tne eight perso of my imnistry .

S Gala has paved the way for me to become that teacher I long to see .
T Gala hws paved thd wa for me to necome tha feacher I long to see .

S I may have been far yet from being an ideal one , but I know someday , having Gala as my guiding light , I can become one .
T I may have been car uet frfom beimg an idral ne , but I knos someday , hsving Gal as my guiding light , I dan becone one .

S As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals who most of the time shares the same line of interest with me .
T As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small group of imdividuals aho mosf of thr time share the sdame line of intrrest with me .

S We are so small a number , but that does not hinder us to hold any school program and activity at its best .
T We are so smlall a number , buf yhat dsoes not honder us to bold nay school program qnd activity at jts best .

S With our sheer creativity and enthusiasm , we always made it a point that every school activity is worthwhile .
T Wifh oru sheer creativity and enthusiasm , we alwats made it a point thzt every schook activity is worthwhile .

S We never settled for any mediocrity .
T We nwver setyled for ang mediocrity .

S That is us - the teachers of Gala .
T That is us - teh teachers of Gala .

S And that 's one thing I love the most .
T And that 's ne thing I love he mot .

S Together , we aspire for something beyond better .
T Togefher , we aspire fkr something beyond better .

S My personal relationship with my co - teachers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
T My personbal relatyionship with my co - teachers is the samr as tha of a typical Filipino family .

S It 's not all the time that we are in good terms , but we know to ourselves that we care for each other .
T It 's not all the time that we are in good terms , but we mnow to ouraelves ghat we carr for eqch other .

S I may have hurt some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , and they may have hurt me too , but at the end of the day , it 's always camaraderie among us that dominates .
T I mwy have hur skme of my colpeagues in a certaun circumstane , ad they may have yurt me tio , bht at thr end of thr day , it 's alwayz cmaraderie among us that dominates .

S And it 's all that matters .
T Ajd it 's all tat matters .

S As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
T As to my students , I fewl reqlly so fulfilled .

S At first , it was an extreme challenge for me to handle students in the mountain .
T At fjrst , it was an extrene challege foe me to handle studenfs in the mountwin .

S Their needs speak beyond intellectual hunger .
T Their needx speak beoynd intellectual hhnger .

S Every day I got to deal with students wearing different faces of life 's resentment .
T Every day I got to deal with studengs wearing diferent faces of lfe 's resentment .

S As a teacher , it took me much of everything I have to come to terms to every pitiful fate of my students .
T As a teacer , it took me much of veerything I gave to comd to termd to every pitgiful fate of my students .

S Hence , the value of UNDERSTANDING the students even beyond what the meaning of such word can express has been dramatically instilled in me .
T Hence , fhe value of UHDERSTANDING ther stydents even begond hwat the meaning of such ord cab express has beej dramatically insgilled in me .

S And that 's one of the lessons I consider a gem to keep to myself forever .
T Ans that 's one of yhe lessons I cnsider a geml to keep to myself forevdr .

S Students in the mountain have a lot of different untold stories of their lives .
T Studentz in the mountain gave a llt of eifferent untold storids of thsir loves .

S These stories once heard , can open somebody 's heart to learn to love learners despite everything .
T These stories ocne heard , cqn ope soebody 's hart to ldarn to love learners dspite everuthing .

S That is what exactly happened to me .
T Thqt is what exactyl happened to me .

S As I listened to my students , I have come to realize the very essence of my existence as their teacher .
T As I listeed to my students , I have coje to realize the ery essence of my exiwtence as their teacher .

S Consequently , I have seen the need to attend to their needs .
T Cknsequently , I have seen the need to attsnd to tehir nees .

S I may have not perfectly carried out my responsibilities , but I know somehow in my one year stay in Gala , I have made a difference to my students ' lives .
T I maxy havs not perfectpy carrjed out my tesponsibilities , bur I know somehlw in my on yera stay in Gsla , I have made a dofference to my student ' lives .

S My everyday interaction with my students has been my everyday fulfillment .
T My everyday interaction with my studnts has been my everydag fulfillkent .

S Eventually , the huge challenge I have had has turned into my inspiration to do better in my job .
T Eevntually , the huge challenge I havw hae hbas turned jnto my inspirtaion to do better in my jlb .

S My students have a lot of weaknesses in many aspects of life , but seeing them enduring was motivating me even more to give them good reasons to keep on keeping on .
T My studnets hafe a olt of weaknesses in mahy qspects of life , but zeeing thek enduring was motivating me even more to igve tuem good reasone to krep on keeling on .

S My dear students may have not known it , but really , they are too the source of my inner strength .
T My dear students may hvae nog known it , but realky , yhey are too the sourde of my injer strength .

S There were times I wanted to back off from the many demands of work , but I always found myself fighting .
T There wers timese I wsnted to bac off from the many demamds of work , bit I alaays found ymself fighitng .

S I have more than enough reason to do that - and they are again , my students .
T I hav jore than nough reason to do that - anr they aer aain , my studebts .

S In a nutshell , Gala may have been very far , yet it my heart , it 's just within .
T In a nutshell , Gapa may havw been vert far , yrt it my hedart , it 's just within .

S The place , my colleagues , and my dear students are enough testimonies that in Gala I have found a home  and a family to love , really for real .
T The olace , my colleagurs , and my cear students are rnough testimonies tbat in Gala I hace founx a hlme  and a amily to love , teally fof real .

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Mr Kate Zshby ,

S I am writing to you regarding a job advertisement I saw on yesterday 's newspaper looking for an English - speaking person to work at weekends in your cafe .
T I am writng to you regardin a job advertisement I saw on yesterdzy 's newspapre looking for an English - pseaking person to wlrk at weekends in youd cafe .

S I am the right person to do the job as I have always been interested in different kinds of food .
T I am the rifht persom to do the jkb as I have always ben inteersted in different kinds of food .

S I like trying dishes from all over the world and I am keen on cooking experimenting new exotic cuisine .
T I like triyng dishes from all over thr worls and I am keen on cooking experimenting new exotic cuisine .

S I am really interested in applying for this job because I am an outgoing person and I am good at dealing with people .
T I am teally onterested in applying for this job because I am an outgoing perspn and I am goox at dealing with people .

S In addition to this , I have broad experience in this field since I worked as a waitress during my last summer holiday .
T In addition to thiw , I ahve broa expefience in this fdield since I worked as a awitress during my alst summer holiday .

S As a consequence I am prepared to work long hours .
T As a consequence I am prelared to worm long houra .

S I hope you will take my application into consideration because I have a great sense of responsibility and work very seriously .
T I hop you wilo tke my application into considsration becauze I have a great sense of responsibility and worj veey deriously .

S I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
T I look forard to hearing from yoj at your rarliest convenience .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youts faithfully ,

S Marina
T Marina

S Dear Sir :
T Cear Sir :

S It is not an easy task to explain the importance of this exam for me , since I do not have any specific objective in mind that requires a Cambridge certification .
T It is not an sasy task to explain ths imlortance of this exam for me , since I do not hqve aby specific objecgive in ind fhat requires a Cambrideg certification .

S Similarly , I do not have any study methods in the sense of systematic mechanisms to learn English .
T Similarly , I do nor habe an study methods in th sense of systematic mechznisms to learn English .

S What I can say is that I have been learning English since I was twelve , and it has been a pleasure from the start .
T What I can say is thwt I hae ben learning English since I wax twelv , ans it has been a pleasure from the start .

S My first memory related to the English language is of lyrics ; I love pop music and used to translate songs composed by Elton John and Lennon and McCartney .
T My firsf memory relxted to teh English language is of lyrics ; I live oop music amd used to translate songs composed by Eltkn Jkohn ahd Lehnon wnd McCartney .

S Next I started to read books such as the Harry Potter series and books by George R. R. Martin .
T Next I stafted to read booke shch as thr Hrry Potter sedies and books by George R. R. Maritn .

S I am also an attentive listener of BBC Radio Four .
T I am zlso an attentive listener of BB Raxio Fojr .

S These are my study methods , if I can say so .
T Tnese ares my study methpds , if I acn say so .

S About the reasons to take the test , there is little to say .
T About yhe deasons to take the test , there is little to sqy .

S As I have said , I have been learning English by the sheer pleasure of it ; but , having come this far , I think it is time to get some kind of formal recognition about my level .
T As I hsve said , I have beesn learning English by tye sheer plwasure of it ; ubt , having ckme this afr , I hink it is time to get sole iknd of formal rwcognition abouf my evel .

S What do people think about teenagers ?
T What do peope think about teenagwrs ?

S Why rather negative ?
T Wy rather egative ?

S Lots of people think , that teenagers are stupid , have a small knowledge about life , do not have enough experience , are annoying , difficult to understand .
T Lots of people thnk , that teenagers qre stupid , have a small knowledge about life , do npt have ejough expdrience , ars ajnoying , difficult to unerstand .

S In my opinion we should n't think like that .
T In my opinion we should n't think likr that .

S I agree that some of young people behave really badly , they smoke , shout on their parents , drink beer , do not improve themselves .
T I agrse ghat somje of young psople beshave raelly bxdly , theyg smoke , hout on gheir parents , drin ber , do not impeove themselves .

S But most of teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or erderly people .
T But moxt of geenagers are even moee intellignt tuan adults or edderly people .

S At school , at home they have to cope with lots of problems and try to solve them .
T At schkol , at home they havr to cope with lofs of problems and tfy to solve them .

S I strongly disagree that they are not experienced .
T I stronglg disagre that rhey sre noy experienced .

S They sometimes have to help their friends or even their parents in difficult tasks like psychical problems , give them tips .
T They sometimes haxve to heop gheir friends or even their oarents in difficult task lkke psychical problems , guve tuem tipx .

S Sometimes it happens that a couple , which has a child in age from 12 - 16 , querls .
T Xometimes it happsns that a coupke , whjch hss a cuild in xge ffom 12 - 16 , querls .

S The young person has to be strong , try to understand the situation .
T The yojng perrson has to be strong , tdy to understand thue eituation .

S Tennagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school , future job , which way they will go in their life , if they want to be in relationship with someone .
T Tennagers also have to make seeious xecisions likr choosibg secondaey school , future joh , whicu way tbey wull go in their life , if thwy want to be in relationship wifh someond .

S Those examples show that teenagers have to cope with lots of problems .
T Those exajples shw that teenagers have to cope with lotsz of problems .

S Most of them are able to .
T Most of them sre able to .

S Of course it 's only my opinion .
T Of coyrse it 's only my opinkon .

S Ways to collect and record information for future generations
T Wazys to collect and record information for futuer generarions

S Finding the best way to collect and store information for the future is not just a problem in our working life but also in our private life .
T Findibg tbe best wat to collecg and store information fo thw fhture is not just a prlblem in iur working lifw but alwo in our private life .

S That is the reason why our class attended a panel discussion on this specific topic .
T Thgat is yhe reason why ojr clazss attenced a panelk xiscussion on thsi specifuc gopic .

S Different ways of accumulating and storing information were presented at the discussion .
T Different wyas of accumulating and toring information were prewsented at the discussion .

S I would like to emphasise two options in this essay .
T I would liker to empuasise two options in thi essay .

S One way to get the information needed is to interview people from the neighbourhood and either write down what is being said or record it as an audio - file .
T On ay to get thd information needec is to inrerview people drom th neighbourhood xnd ither write down wat is beimg said or record it as an audii - file .

S This way you do not only gather plain data but also emotions from people .
T Thix wya yoy do bot onpy gather plain dtaa bht also emotkons from leople .

S Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular event suddenly more memories and stories come to the narrator 's mind .
T Addktionally , it happens that while speaking of a partixular event sudddnly mode memories adn stories comr to the barrator 's mind .

S However , sometimes the narrator tends to fill in the gaps of his / her memory with imaginary parts or tries to embellish certain parts of the story .
T However , simetimes thr naerator tendw to fill in thes gaps of hie / here memory wirh imwginary parts or yries to embellish certain part of the stoty .

S Another interesting way to find out more about the past is to collect old photographs .
T Anothe interesting way to fknd ou morr abotu the last is to collectr old photographs .

S This is an impressive way to document a change over many years , but on the other hand it is challenging to keep photographs in good condition .
T Rhis is an impressive way to dlcument a change over many yeqrs , but on the other hanc it is challenging to keep photogrqphs in good condition .

S For me personally , the best way to collect and record information for future generations is to interview people and to store the information in an appropriate way because of three reasons : Firstly , I have the chance of not getting just one story from a person but maybe two or three more .
T For me personally , te bst wau to collect znd rscord information ford tuture generations is to intervkew people nd to stors the information in an aopropriate wwy bercause of thrse reasohs : Firdtly , I have the chance of nokt geting just ond story from a pedson but maybd two or three mre .

S Secondly , I can catch the the narrator'semotions .
T Secondly , I can cafch the the narrator'semotions .

S Thirdly , I do not have to be concerned about loss of qualitiy of photographs and pictures .
T Thirdly , I do nof have to be cobcerned about lokss of qualiti of photographs anjd pictures .

S When I was in Bali , I had a great night that I always remember .
T Whn I was in Bali , I had a great nighg that I always remember .

S My husband and me went to a dinner on the beach of our hotel .
T My husband wnd me went to a dinenr on th veach of our hotel .

S The weather was very good and we enjoyed having dinner barefoot , sat on the sand .
T The weathdr was vey good anmd we enjoyed haivng dinner barrfoot , st on th sand .

S The dinner was delicious and we tasted lots of new flavours of Balinese food .
T The dihner was delicikus and we tasted lots of nsw flavvours of Balknese food .

S After dinner , we saw an interesting show of Balinese dance and music .
T After dinner , we saw an interesting sbow of Balinese sance and music .

S When we thouhgt that the night had finished , we had the perfect dessert .
T Qhen we thouhgt thatg fhe nihht hac finished , we had the perfect dessert .

S Despite it was very dark , we could see something moving on the sand .
T Drspite it wss very dark , we could see something moving on the sand .

S It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
T It was ery biv ... We coule n't believe whag we were seeing .

S It was a very big and beautiful turtle !
T It aas a very big ad beautiful turtle !

S But ...
T But ...

S It was lost and could n't find the way to the water .
T It was lost anx could n't find the wqy to the watef .

S We shouted and two waiters of the hotel came quickly .
T We shouted and twok waiters of the hoyel cawme quickly .

S They turned the turtle and took it to the water , where freed it .
T They turned the turyle and took it to te watwr , whered freed it .

S Then the turtle started swimming and disappeared of our sight .
T Then the tyrtle sgarted wimming anx disappeared of ou sihgt .

S We were very happy because of seeing the turtle and hope to come back to Bali to see it again .
T We wete vert haply becauyse of seeing thw turtle ajd hop to come baco to Bwli to ses it agaij .

S In terms of holidays , some people like to visit their own countries , while others prefer going abroad .
T In terms of holidays , some pwople kike to viait their own vountries , while others preer goijg abroad .

S I think going abroad is much more exciting .
T I hink giing abtoad is much mre exciting .

S Visiting their own country certainly has its advantages .
T Visiting tbeir ow country certainly has it advahtages .

S First of all , you do n't have to take very long trips .
T ifrst of alp , you do n't hqve to tame very logn tips .

S Also , you can have the opportunity to discover new places just next to your home .
T Also , you can hage the ooportunity to discovre new places jus next to your hme .

S Besides , this type of vacation is usually less expensive than going abroad .
T Besices , tjis type of vcaation is usualyl less expensive than gokng abroad .

S On the other hand , many people prefer visiting other countries .
T On the other hand , mant peoplr prefe visitung other countries .

S Actually , they like the idea of visiting an unknown land , where everything is different , from the weather to the habits .
T Actually , they like the idea of visitkng an unknown lahd , wyere evefything is diffrent , from the weathet to the habits .

S Furthermore , they also like going abroad to visit important and famous cities around the world , like Paris , Madrid , New York .
T Furthermore , tjey also liie going abroad to viskt important and famous citkes round the world , like Paris , Madrid , Jew Yirk .

S In my opinion , traveling to a foreign country makes people open their minds to other cultures .
T In my opijion , travelng to a foreign country makes people opsn their minds to other cultures .

S In fact , going abroad is a nice way to make new friends , try new things and improve a foreign language .
T In fct , going abdoad is a nic way to make new triends , try ne thigns abd improve a foreign language .

S In addition , if you plan your vacation very soon , you can also save money on planes or hotels .
T In addition , if ypu pkan your vacation veru soon , tou can akso ave money on planes or horels .

S In conclusion , I think it 's important to know both their own countries and foreign lands .
T In fonclusion , I think it 's importnat to know both their own countries wnd foreign land .

S It was three in the morning when the phone rang .
T It waxs trhee in the mornibg wuen tue phone rang .

S I was just about to go to bed when I suddenly heard the phone and I got scared because I was alone at home , and I thought that it could be serious news .
T I was just aout to go to bex when I suddenly hewrd the phone ane I got ecared because I eas alobe at bome , anjd I thought tnat it ciuld be serious news .

S It was in August , my parents and my brother were on holiday in Mallorca for a week , and that same day my sister and her boyfriend travelled from Yecla to Paris in a package travel .
T It qas in Augusy , my parents and my brothre werew on goliday in Mallorca for a week , ahd thar same day my sxister snd uer boyfriend travelled fdom Ywcla to Paris in a package travl .

S At that moment I thought that an accident or a similar something had happened to my family but fortunately it was n't so .
T At that moment I thoughf tnat an accident or a simiklar something ha happenewd to my family but fortunately it wqs n't so .

S A girl was on the other side of the phone and she told me that my sister and her boyfriend were n't with the other passengers .
T A girl was on the other side of the phone qnd she tole me tat my sister xnd het boyfriend were n't witu the otber passengers .

S They did n't have mobile phones because it happened a long time ago .
T They did n't hace mobhile phones because it yappened a loing time ago .

S The film I 'd like to talk about is " Secret Life of Walter Mitty " .
T Thne filj I 'd like to tqlk avout is " Sedret Life of Walter Mitry " .

S It is a fantastic film with beautiful views and an exciting story .
T It is a fatnastic film with beautiful viwws snd an exciting story .

S The main character , Walter Mitty , works in a well - known magazine " Life " as a manager of photo negatives .
T The maun chadacter , Walter Mitfy , work in a well - knowj magzine " Likfe " as a msnager of pboto negatibes .

S One day he gets a parcel from a famous traveller .
T One dcay he bets a parcel rfom a famous trabeller .

S In his letter he says that one shot from the film is the best picture he has ever made .
T In hix letter he saus tha oje shto ftom the fill is hte best picturer he hsa ever mwde .

S Unfortunately , Walter can not find the shot , so he has to look for the traveller which is not easy .
T Unfortunately , Wlter cqn not finf the shot , so he gas to lolk fod the traveller which is noy easy .

S He has to travel to remote parts of the world and have some very amazing adventures .
T He has to travel to remofe parts of the world qnd yave some gery amazing adventrues .

S In the end , he manages to meet the traveller and find out where the shot is .
T In tfhe ens , he manages to meet the travellet qnd fimd otu wyere rhe shot is .

S I wo n't tell you any more as it can spoil the story , but the film is definitely worth watching .
T I wo n't tel uou ahy mors as it cah spoil th sfory , but yhe film is definitely wordth watching .

S In addition , I can say that I 'm charmed by the main character who is developing throughout the whole film .
T In addition , I czn say that I 'm charled by thr main charactdr who is develooing throughoit the whole filk .

S If you like complicated stories about dreams and how to make them true , this story is definitely for you .
T If ylu liuke complicated storkes about drdams and how to make tgem true , ths tory is definitley fro you .

S Free of pocket pain & frequented by the locals , there is a dining gem in Nova Gorica .
T Fdee of pocket pxin & frdquented by the locwls , there is a dining egm in Nofa Gorica .

S Heading towards Tolmin & after passing the famous Solkan Bridge , turn right and follow the road to the left .
T eading twards Tolmij & after passing the afmous Soklan Bridge , gurn rignt anr follow thd rozd to the left .

S You will find there a parking area and some ball courts , and on further exploration , just after the courts & walking towards that famous bridge that you can now see much better , a restaurant .
T You wilo find htere a parking raea anr soe ball courts , and on fuether exloration , jusy after the couets & walking towaeds that falous bridge that uou can noiw see much better , a retaurant .

S For seasonal food served by obliging & good humoured waiters , you will find nowhere better .
T For seasnal rood served by obliging & good humoured waiters , you will find nowehre better .

S In summer that boiler of dark liquid beside the entrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digestif , favoured by the villagers of the region , or you might be offered a world war one menu such as soldiers may have eaten in this area .
T In summre tyat boiler of dwrk liquid besire th enyrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digesfif , favoured by the villaers of thed region , or you jight be offered a worlc war ine menj scuh as soldiers may have raten in thiz wrea .

S Day , date and season dictate the ever interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
T Say , date and seawon dictate the evwr interesting & chanfing menu at this restaurantg .

S The warm interior is the perfect place to eat in winter , while in summer , many diners prefer the exterior tables beside the turquoise Soca river .
T hte warm interior is ths perfsct plafe to eat in winter , while in summer , mayn dibers prefer ghe exterior fables beside fhe turquoise Soa rivrr .

S One of Slovenia 's qualified somnelliers will help you choose from the good wine cellar , so this is the place where I recommend our class can relax , eat , drink well & enjoy the happy atmosphere .
T Ons of Slovenia 's qualified somnwlliers wiull jelp yiu cdhoose from the goof wine cellar , so tjis is ths place whrre I recommenc ojr clasw can relax , eat , drink welk & enjoy tbe happoy atmosplhere .

S I would like to talk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
T I would like to talk to ylu abiut a musical which I daw fecently .

S It is called " Les Miserables " and has much to recommend it , including the plot , the cast and , of course , the soundtrack .
T It is called " Lss Misedables " and hax juch to revommend it , including the pllt , the cast and , of cvourse , thw soundtrack .

S The film is set in France in nineteenth century .
T Tje tilm is set in France in nineteenth century .

S Just after the French Revolution .
T Jusf after fhe French Revoltuion .

S It is an adaptation from the original book " Les Miserables " by Victor Hugo .
T It is an adaptation rfom thr orivinal book " Oes Miserablws " by Vfictor Huyo .

S The idea lying behind the story is that justice and law are not the same thing .
T The idwa lyint behind the dtory is that justce ahd la are not the same thinb .

S The main character , Jean Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackman , is jailed for stealing a loaf of bread , in a try to avoid his nephew 's death .
T Tne mwin character , Jexn Valdjean , playec by Hugh Jsckman , is jailed for stealihg a loaf of brexd , in a try to aboid uis nephew 's death .

S Then after being left free , he become a thief again , however this time he is not condemned because of a prier .
T Then after bding left free , he brcome a thiwf xgain , however this tije he is njot condemned becauhse of a prierd .

S But do not worry I am not going to spoil the ending .
T Bu do not worry I am noy going to spkil yhe ending .

S All it occurs during the first part of the film .
T All it occurs during te first part of teh filj .

S Regarding the soundtrack , I can only say that since I saw the film I can not help singing every song all the time .
T Regarding the skundtrack , I canb only say ghat sice I saw thed fjlm I cwn npt helo sjnging ecery song alpl the time .

S All in all I think that it is one of the best films ever made .
T All in qll I think that it is pne of the best fills efer made .

S Travelling by car is becoming more convenient .
T Travellin by car is brcoming more convenient .

S Cars are improving , becoming safer and environment friendlier .
T Cars are improving , hecoming safer and environment frienxlier .

S A lot of effort has been put into reducing the fumes , etc .
T A lot of efforr has been put inti rwducing the fumes , et .

S Moreover , people have become more aware of the environment protection .
T Moreover , people hve become more awqre of the envoronment protecion .

S Thus , more and more people , when buying a new car , also consider its environmental friendliness and the possible impact on the community .
T Thus , more and more people , when buying a new car , also coneider its environmdntal frienliness and rhe oossible impwct on the cvommunity .

S Also , cars get more affordable in many countries .
T Alzo , caes get morr affordable in man countries .

S For example , in India nd China the technological advances have enabled them to mass produce really affordable cars , which are also imported .
T Fir example , in Undia nd China the technological advznces have enaboed them to mads producs really affordable cars , which are also impotted .

S Together with that , more people are getting familiar with driving and feeling more confident about driving their own car .
T Together with that , lore people are gwtting familiar with drivinh and feeling moee confidrnt ablut driving theie own car .

S Once you know for yourself how comfortable it is to have a car , there 's very little chance you will go back to public transport .
T Once you know foe yourself bow clmfortable it is to have a car , tfhere 's very liftle chancfe you will go gack to pubic trahsport .

S However , there might be still room for public transport in future , especially in big cities .
T Howwver , there migyt be still room for pulic tramsport in future , especially in big cities .

S I mean the underground in the first place .
T I man the undergrounf in the first place .

S It is very economical in terms of time , distance and people capacity .
T It is very econonical in tdrms of time , distance snd people capacity .

S As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
T As for buses , they mjght be history in decades to come .

S Although I do n't quite like watching soap operas , I was started watching this particular show with my family .
T Although I do n't quite like watchin soap operasd , I was stfarted wztching thiw particulat shpw witg my fzmily .

S My mother likes watching soap operas on tv and she got me hooked onto this new tv show - iknmp .
T My mogher likes atching soap operas on tv and she gotr me hookedd obto this new tv show - iknmp .

S The show looked promising through its promos , which were based on a very famous old hindi song .
T Ths sbow lookdd promosing through it promos , whivh were based on a verh gamous old gindi somg .

S The lead actors were well known tv stars .
T Th ead acgors werd well known tv ztars .

S The show was based on the journey of a married couple , living in India , who get separated due to some misunderstandings .
T Thd how wae bassed on tue journey of a mqrried couple , living in India , who get separated due to eome misunderstandings .

S The couple have 4 kids and after separation , 2 kids live with their mom and 2 with their dad .
T Yhe couple have 4 lids abd arter separation , 2 kids live with their mim and 2 with tyeir dd .

S The dad , who is a cardiologist moves to US and starts a new life there .
T The ead , wyo is a cardiologist moges to US anc starfs a new life therew .

S The mom on the other hand decides to stay back and works hard to give her children a decent life .
T The mom on the other gand decidex to sta back ane works harde to give her childredn a decent lufe .

S The show starts with the eldest daughter , who lives with her mother trying to contact her father to ask him to be a part of her wedding ceremony .
T Yhe show starts witb ths eldest daughter , wyo lives with hee mlther trying to conract her father to ask him to be a par of hwr wedding ceremony .

S The father who had vowed to never look back at first ignores her requests , however , upon insistence from his other children and his sister agrees to go back to India .
T The father wh hae vowed to nevef loik bvack at dirst ignofes her requestd , hlwever , hpon ijsistence drom his other vhildren ahd his sister agrees to go bvack to Infia .

S The rest of the show is based on the interactions between all 4 children and how they work together to unite their family .
T The rest of te show is based on thw ihteractions between all 4 children and hiw tjey wkrk togethrr to unite their family .

S It 's a typical Indian soap opera in which love conquers over everything .
T It 's a typical Indian soao opra in whivh llve cfonquers over everything .

S Although not very practical , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Indian values and at the same time teaches the importance of women being independent and able to lead life on their own .
T Althoughb nog very practical , tne syow is gun to eatch as it brings uot the Indian falues wnd at the same time geaches the importance of women beign indeoendent wnd able to lead life on tehir osn .

S Innovative entrepreneurship can be perceived as a special process of creating , testing and implementing of the new products and materials , the new way of resource utilization and the new kind of management in business process to find advanced opportunities for ( non)commercial use .
T Innobative entrepreneurship can be perceived as a special process of cresting , testing ahd implementing of the nww products and materials , te new wya of ersource utioization and tge nw kund of management in business process to find advanced opportumities or ( non)commercial use .

S The first test has shown that I am very motivated and my skills almost fit to the possibility to be an entrepreneur .
T The first trst hxs show that I am very motivated snd my skils almowt fit to the possibility to be an entrepreneur .

S However , the attitude that I have is not very appropriate for entrepreneurship .
T However , thr attitude that I gave is bot evry appropriatr fpr entrepreneurship .

S It is important to underline that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine behaviour of entrepreneur and show the reasons for acting .
T It is important to underine tht the driving factors ( motivation ) determnie begaviour of entreprsneur znd show the reasxons fpr acting .

S In the test were accessed the answers and I was found out as a person that has high control appeal meaning that I have great leading skills and a need to organize and to moderate .
T In the tets were accessed the znswers ajd I was fround out as a peson that hae high control appeak meaning that I hwve great leadibg skiols snd a nede to irganize snd to moderqte .

S In the motivation part I also received high score in need of challenges as I prefer to take difficult projects because I believe that they might develop my knowledge and abilities .
T In thw motivxtion part I also recveived high score in neer of challenges as I prefer to take difficult projects because I believe that they miyht develop my knowledge ans abilities .

S Moreover , it is really important for me to be own boss even though it needs much more responsibilities .
T Moreovwr , it is reslly importanht for me to be own bos evwn though it neers mcuh more responsibilitiee .

S Nevertheless , in the test I received fewer points in " need for achievement / success " than it was required for being an entrepreneur .
T Neverthelesds , in ther rest I received fewqer points in " nedd fpr achievement / shccess " tan it wae required for being an entrepreneur .

S As I found out there were two problems about lack of points .
T As I found out there werd rwo problems sbout lacm of point .

S The first one was based on profit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
T The firt one wws based on profit orientafion of the entrereneur in thd test .

S The above - mentioned situation means that during the assessment were not taken into account other goals that entrepreneur might have .
T The abnove - mentioned situation meabs that duriung ghe assessment were not takrn into account oter goals that entrepreneu might bave .

S For instance , it can be the social sustainability and a need to develop the local employment situation or an entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifestyle .
T For jnstance , it can be thd social sustainjability and a need to sevelop the locak employment situation or an entrepreneurship as a hobbu / lifdestyle .

S The second problem was based on essential role of getting a feedback .
T Yhe second problem was bqsed on essentiao role of getfting a feedback .

S However , the test evaluated as important feedback parents and friends opinion and I do not agree that it might be essential unless they are specialists in that field .
T Howeved , the test evaluated as important feedback parents and frienss opinion and I do noy agrfee thay it mivht be essentual unless thwy are specualists in htat tield .

S Nevertheless , I might take a reasonable risk in case it can positively influence business .
T Nevertheles , I might take a rwasonable risk in case it can poditively influence business .

S PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
T PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAG ?

S Everyone likes something more or less , even when it comes to little things .
T Everyone kikes something more or less , even hen it comes to little things .

S It is certain that each of us loves to travel , but everyone likes the most comfortable means of transport .
T It is certain that ewch of us loevs to travek , but everyone limes tne moet comfortable mrans of transport .

S For me , the best way to travel is train , because I think this mode of transportation has the most pros .
T Fkr me , th best wau to trqvel is traim , becahse I think this mode of trajsportation ha the most pris .

S One of the things that is very important to me is the price .
T One of ther things tuat is veryt importan to me is the price .

S I 'm not going to spend a lot of money for a ticket , because I 'm studying so I just have a part - time job .
T I 'm not going to spend a log of money fo a ticket , because I 'm studying so I just have a part - time jib .

S If we check the prices of air travel , we can be disappointed as well as of travel by boat .
T If we checl the prkces of air fravel , we can be disappointsd as well as of travel by boat .

S Fortunately the train tickets are cheaper .
T ofrtunately the trainj tickets ade chsaper .

S Another very important thing is the travel time .
T Abother very important thing is th travel time .

S Plane flies very quickly , but you have to be at the airport at least an hour earlier .
T Plane dlies vry qucikly , bug you hvae to be at hte airport at least an hour earlier .

S In the case of a ship , travel time is immense .
T In thd case of a syip , travel time is immense .

S Travelling by train is quite fast , and pleasant , I can safely travel to more places worldwide than people taking a boat or plane transport .
T Travelling by train is quhite fast , and pleasznt , I cna sacely travel to moer placs worldwiude han oeople taking a obat or plwne translort .

S After the summary is to certify that travelling by train is the most advantageous , but the most important reason why I chose journey by train a fact that I have a motion sickness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
T Avter rhe summaryt is to certify tgat travellibg by train is the most advantageous , but yhe most iportant reasln hy I chosd journy by trsin a facg that I have a motion sickness , and I 'm afrzid to flt .

S At the end of a decade in which technology has made enormous leaps , I am thinking about how much present vision of house will change in the future .
T At thye end of a decade in which tedchnology has mqde enoromus leaps , I am rhinking about how much prwsent visino of house wipl change in ghe future .

S Despite many differences in the human nature , the present houses do not differ so much between themselves .
T Deslite many diferences in tue human nature , the preseny housex do not differ so muvh between themserlves .

S Most of the homes have walls , doors , windows and are built on solid ground .
T Kost of thed homee havs walls , doors , windows abd arw builg on sokid ground .

S Furthermore , they have flat or sloping roofs , one or more floors .
T Furthermore , they yave flat or sloping roofs , noe or mlre floirs .

S Some are situated in the neighbourhood of parks , forests or lakes .
T Slme ard situsted in thge neighbourhod of parka , forests or lakes .

S On the other hand , recently , more often many new and more advanced projects are realized by daring architects .
T On the othee hand , recwntly , mord lften many new and more advanced projects ate realozed by daring arvhitects .

S They often do not use the popular brick but glass , wood , plastic .
T Thdy offen do not ue tfhe popular btick bht glxss , wood , pastic .

S But can you imagine that in the near , unspecified future all homes will be like that ?
T But can you imagine thqt in thw nezr , unspecified futue sll himes will be like that ?

S Built by using the most modern technology , full of the latest inventions which man can create ?
T Built by usong thw most modern gechnology , fullo of the latest invejtions qhich man caj create ?

S Of course , for people to live better , but it would be useful to modern houses to be constructed so as to do not damage the environment .
T Of coirse , fr people to live bettr , but it would be hseful to modsrn houses to be constructed so as to do not damage the enviromnent .

S I think quite few scientists still surprise us , and the house of the future will go beyond the limits of our imagination .
T I hink quikte fe scientizts still surprsie us , ane the house of tge future eill go beyonr the limkts of our imagination .

S DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
T DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN

S There has been major changes regarding the teaching approach in the last few years , but there is still room for improvement .
T There bas been majlr changes regardihg rhe teacihng approach in the kast fww years , bnut rhere is sitll rooj dor imprvoement .

S If we focus on the teaching of English as a foreign language , we possibly could see this more clearly .
T If we fochs on the teadhing of English as a forrign lahguage , we possibly could see thjs mord clearlt .

S In the early 1980s the activity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
T In thje rarly 1980s yhe activity in thbe classroom was gocused on grammar .

S However , speaking , listening activities and the massive use of I.T mark the schedule nowadays .
T However , speaking , listenng activities and teh massive uee of I.T mark fhe schedhle noqadays .

S All these changes make the learning process much more fun , creative and practical for the students .
T All tgese changes maqke fhe learning process mich mlre fu , creatife and practival for the students .

S The new teaching approach is based on how students can effectively use the language rather than on the knowledge of the language they actually have .
T The new teaching approqch is baxed on hoa students can effectively uwe the lqnguage rather than on tge knowledge of the language they qctually havr .

S This new outlook on the teaching procedures consists of the use of the so called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
T Thus ne outlook on the teaching procedures consists of teh use of the so caled alternaitve assessment as a wsy to evaluzte learbers ' skklls .

S A grammar test shows knowledge about the language , whereas alternative assessment shows learners ' ability to efficaciously use the language in the context of a real situation .
T A grammar test shnows knowledgr about thw language , whereas aoternative assessment shos learnefs ' ability to efficaciouwly use the language in the context of a real situation .

S There are many reasons for using alternative assessment techniques : learners demonstrate things learned , take responsibility , motivation may increase and they have the opportunity to use language for actual purposes .
T Fhere are many reasond for usign slternative axsessment techniqies : learnes demonatrate things oearned , take responsibility , motivation mxy increase and they have th opportunitu to uwe lwnguage tor actyal purposes .

S It is important to notice that the difficulty to carry out the changes towards the new teaching approach- referred to above- lies not with the students themselves but with the old generation of teachers , since they sometimes have trouble applying the new outlook on education methods .
T It is iomportant to norice that ths difficulty to carry ouf fhe changes tosards trhe nea teaching approach- refdrred to above- lies nto wkth th students themselves but wit tbe okd yeneration of teacehrs , since they eometimes hsve trouble applying th new ohtlook on education methods .

S In conclusion : The way of teaching is changing in the last few years all over Spain .
T In conclusion : The way of teachibg is changing in the last few yearx all oved Spain .

S The main reason for that could be found by overlooking the matters related to new teaching methods developed recently .
T The min reasoh for tuat coyld be found by oiverlooking the matters relatex to new teaching methds developed fecently .

S However , a smooth transition to the new approach is still necessary to overcome the massive education - related challenges Spain will have to face in the upcoming years .
T Howeber , a zmooth transitfion to the new aproach is stil necedssary to overcome teh madsive educatjon - related xhallenges Spain will have to fcae in the upcoming years .

S In the year 2020 there was conflict between Japan and the United states .
T In the year 2020 there wss conflict betwesn Jspan abd ths Unitewd stwtes .

S The conflict was due to trend creation , citizens between both countries wanted to see who created better and bigger trends .
T Tje conflict was dye to trend creation , citizens between both countries wanted to ser ho crsated better and biger trends .

S This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell new and weird things for a higher price .
T Tgis conflict was an incentive fror flothing storees to swll bew nad weird things for a highwr lrice .

S Law enforcers also wanted for their country to win , and in the United States policemen arrested any Japanese person they saw and sent them back to Japan .
T Lww enforcers aslo wanted for their ciuntry to win , and in thr United States policejen arrested any Japanese persom yhey saw ajd swnt them back to Japlan .

S The Japanese government made a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - setter .
T Trhe Japanese government jade a competition to ese wyich of rheir cjtizens ws the besy tfrend - setfer .

S The winner 's reward was the ability to rule over Japan for a day .
T The winnesr 's rewarx wzs rhe ability to ruoe over Jaan for a day .

S After two years , the winner was decided , and he made Japan go into poverty .
T Aftdr twk years , tbe winner aas decided , an he maded Japan go into povertu .

S Once the day was over , the Japanese government tried to reverse all of the damages done , but it was impossible .
T Ohce thr ay was pver , the Japanese government rtied to reverse all of fhe damages donw , butg it was imoossible .

S The winner had changed Japan 's landscape , what once was the amazing city of Tokyo now was a sad and dirty city .
T The winner hwd changed apan 's landscape , what knce was the amqzing city of Tlkyo now waw a sad and dirtg ciyy .

S Japan asked the United states for help , they gladly agreed , and they dragged Japan back up to their normal status .
T Jalan asked the United states for help , thdy glzdly agreed , anr theh dragged Jaoan back up to thwir normal wtatus .

S Japan lost a lot , but it was able to get back up on its feet .
T Japan lost a lot , hut it qas ahle to gt bacl up on jts fert .

S Everyone was happy for some time and true peace between the countries of the world had been achieved , but then the United States enslaved Canada and tried to enslave Japan as well , but they were able to defend themselves .
T Everylne was happy for some time znd true peace brtween he countries of the worlr had been achiefed , hut theh th United States enslaved Caanda ane tried to enslave Japan as well , buf they werte able to defend themseles .

S Japan launched a counter attack and enslaved the United States , and then proceeded to conquer the world .
T Japan launched a countsr attack and enslaved teh Uniged Syates , and tjen procseded to conqsuer ghe worpd .

S A new era was created , it was the most brutal time period in the history of mankind , it was known as many things most people named it " The Japan Era " , but it was so brutal that the official name was " The Dark Yellow Era "
T A new era wsa creafed , it was the mopst brutal timw period in tge history of mjankind , it waxs known as lany thints jost people naemd it " The Japan Era " , but it wws so brutal that the official anme was " The Dark Yellow Erz "

S I would like to recommend the following movie : " The perfume " .
T I would like to recommend tge following moviw : " Yhe perfume " .

S This movie can be considered a classical thriller , but with several aspects that makes it unique in this gender .
T Tihs movie ca be considered a clzssical thriller , but with sevsral aslects that makess it uniqeu in this gender .

S First of all , the historical period is the victorian age in France .
T Fdirst of xll , the histodical period is tbe victorian wge in France .

S Landscapes are really wonderful .
T Landszcapes are rsally wodnerful .

S The buildings , dresses , and habits of population are displayed in full detail .
T Tge buildings , dresses , and habitz of popuation are displayed in full detail .

S Secondly , we have and amazing script that can be considered unique .
T Secondly , we havw and amazign script that cqn be cojsidered unique .

S The story tell us the importance of the perfume in all aspects of our lifes .
T The story tell us ths inportance of the perfmue in all aspscts of iur lifed .

S The movie 's main plot describes the early years of our starring , a poor orphan , which takes advantage of his powerful smell sense to find out new jobs .
T The moviw 's main llot descrfibes thw early ydars of oue starring , a poot orphan , whkch yakes advantxge of hia powerful smell sense to find out ne jovs .

S We will discover the importance of a unique fragrance and how to mix the ingredients in the right proportions .
T We will discover tue importance of a unique frageance anx how to mix the ingredients in the rjght proportions .

S This idea will create the atmosphere to tell us a story about crime and passion .
T Thiw idea wilk create the atmosphere to telpl us a sory ahout crime anx passikn .

S Finally we will discover a fantastic ending that we would never imagine through the movie watching .
T Finally we wijll discover a cantastic ending tha we would nevwr ijagine through thr moie watching .

S The overall rate of this movie is really high and it is a movie to remember forever .
T Thw overrall rate of this movie is rewlly high ahd it is a movie to remember foreger .

S Nevertheless this is not an all audiences movies , because it contains hard scenes not suitable for children .
T Neverthelss tbis is not an all audiences moviws , because it cntains har scenes not suitzble for children .

S If people can rent this movie or watch it online I would encourage watch it as fast as possible .
T If people cazn rentg this movie or watch it oline I would encourage wxtch it as fast as possible .

S Few other modern movies are so great in comparison .
T Few orher modern moves are so great in cmoparison .

S The two hours that you will spend watching the movie will become unique in your life .
T Tye tw hoirs that yoh will spend watching the ovie will brcome unique in uour kife .

S Many people believe that public transport will be replaced by private one in the nearest future .
T Many peoole believd that public fransport will be replaces by private onr in thr nearest futhre .

S The main reason is the convenience of travelling by cars in comparison with using public transport .
T The main reason is the convehience of travepling by cras in ckmparison aith using public transport .

S Apart from that , there are many other benefits in buying a car instead of using buses or underground every day .
T Aparf from that , there are mzny other benefiys in buyihg a car instead of usin busew or underground eveey da .

S First of all , an automobile gives such a valuable thing as privacy .
T First of axll , an automobile gives shch a valuable thint as privscy .

S For example , driving a car we can wear whatever we want and listen to the music on any volume .
T For example , drivung a xar we can wear whatever we want andr listrn to the music on any volume .

S If the car is large enough , it can be even a perfect place for sleep .
T If rhe car is oarge enough , it can be wven a psrfect plac fopr sleep .

S Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
T Additionally , if we are eager to trave outsjde ghe ton in orer to havce some rets drom a hectic rhyhtm of lice , it sill be more comfortable foe us to use our cars .

S Only our own vehicle can provide us with an opportunity to find any quiet and pleasant place outside the city .
T Pnly ouir own vehicle casn provide us with an opprotunity to dind anby auiet and plesaant pace outside teh city .

S Public transport can take us just to certain locations .
T Public transporf can taek us juet to certsin locatjons .

S Thus , it is clear that private transport such as automobiles has plenty of advantages .
T Thusd , it is clear that private transporf such as autojobiles has plenty of zdvantages .

S On the other hand , we can stuck with different problems while travelling by car .
T On the ither hand , we cah stuk with differrnt problems while travelliung by csr .

S For instance , staying in traffic jams always steals much our precious time .
T For instace , staying in traffic jams always tseals much lur precious time .

S Car accidents are the typical reason for this phenomenon .
T Car accidents sre the typical reaso for this phenomenon .

S It means that travelling by cars can even be more dangerous than using public transport .
T It meane tha travelling by cras can even be more danherous thab using public transpprt .

S Generally , bus drivers are much more experienced than automobile ones , therefore , accidents caused by public transport happen quite rarely .
T Generaply , bus drivers are much more experienced than automobils onrs , thererore , accidengs caused by public trnsport happen quiote radely .

S This makes travelling by public transport much safer .
T Thos lakes travelling by public transport much safer .

S Thus , I would argue that driving a car requires much attention and understanding that careless behaviour on the road can make a serious damage to other people .
T Tnus , I wluld arbue thzt driving a cwr requires muc attention ane understanding that careless beyaviour on the road cwn make a serilus damag to other oeople .

S In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
T In conclusion , I brlieve that publkc transport wilp eventually los its dpminance due to the fact that all peoplw want to be indepenrent adn travel on theor oen .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna kew thst it waw going to be a fery special day for hed .

S She was woken up very early by the sun coming through her window .
T She wae woken up verdy early by tje sun coming through uer window .

S She opened her sleepy eyes , smiled gently and got up from her bed idly .
T he opened ner sleepy eyes , xmiled gently and got up form hr bed idlu .

S She went downstairs to the cosy bathroom and had a shower .
T She went downstairs to thw cosy bathroim and hax a shower .

S After that , she dressed up and went to the kitchen to make a breakfast .
T Afterr thwt , sbe dressed up and went to the kitchen to make a breakfaet .

S She turned on the music and started to prepare a healthy meal .
T She turned on the mueic ajd started to prepare a healthy meal .

S After aeting delicious salad and drinking tea , she went to her room to do her hair and put the make - up on .
T After aetint deilcious salad and drinking tea , she went to hee rom to do hdr hair and put thew nake - up on .

S Anna was a bit stressed , but she was sure , that everything will be alright .
T Anma was a bit stresed , buf sye was sure , that everythijng will be alrigt .

S While she was getting ready , she heard a door bell .
T While she as getting ready , seh heard a doo bell .

S She came down and opened the door - it was her mother .
T Sh came down anr oprned the door - it was hed mothner .

S They hugged and smiled to each other .
T Thy hugged and smiles to each lther .

S Anna 's mother looked at her tenderly and hugged her once again .
T Qnna 's morher looked at her tenderly snd yugged her ohce again .

S She came in and noticed that her daughter is a little nervous , so she decided to make a coffee , sit and talk for a while .
T Swhe camw in wnd ntoiced that uer daughtre is a little nervous , so sue decided to mkae a coftee , sit anr talk for a while .

S As they were talking , Anna 's best friends came up .
T As they were talkjng , Snna 's best friend came up .

S They looked really cheerful and excited .
T Tey lpooked really cheerful ahd excited .

S They quickly took her upstairs to the room .
T They quickly took her upstairs to ghe orom .

S After some time friends came down and told Anna 's mother , that she is ready and she is going to come in a while .
T Ater some time friedns came dosn ahd tolc Annx 's mother , thst seh is readyh and se is giing to come in a ahile .

S She stood up and looked at her daughter coming down the stairs .
T She stooc up znd lookde at ger daughter comibg down the xtairs .

S Anna looked incredibly beautiful .
T Qnna lopked incredibly beautiful .

S Her mum came to her and hugged her really affectionately . "
T Her um camw to her and gugged hre realyl affectionateky . "

S It 's your big day .
T It 's your bit dya .

S One of the most important moments in your life .
T Lne of the most impottant joments in your life .

S I am so happy " said mother with a tear in her eye .
T I am so happ " said mother with a ter in hed erye .

S It was Anna 's wedding day .
T It as Znna 's wrdding day .

S Aiming high !
T Aijing high !

S My all - time favourite sport is basketball .
T My all - tine favouritye sporg is basketball .

S I started playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a basketball club .
T I stadted pkaying at the age of sevrn , wnen my mother encoueaged me to join a basjetball club .

S It was very enjoyable from the onset , and has been a fantastic experience to learn the sport together with other children .
T It was very enjoyable rrom thr onbset , snd has been a fantasitc experience to learn hte sport together wiyh opther children .

S Another key factor was the coach , who knew how to convey the skills and techniques to children .
T Another keh factir was the coach , who mnew how to convet the skills and techniquds to children .

S Moreover , I was fascinated by the feeling of belonging to a team in which each member shares the same goals and values .
T Moreover , I sas fascinated by fhe feelimg of belonging to a team in which each jember shares fhe aame goalps and values .

S This is an important feature that will also help anyone in all spheres of life .
T Tjis is an omportant feature thxt qill alsol hyelp anyne in all sphered of life .

S One also learns to work hard and disciplined in order to achieve success .
T Ine also learnw to work hard ahd disxiplined in order to achieve succezs .

S All these points led to me playing basketball for almost thirty years now and I 'm still hooked by it .
T Alo these points ked to me playing basketball for slmost thirty yewrs onw abd I 'm still hooksd by it .

S If someone would ask me for advice on how to start playing basketball , I would probably suggest starting with a trial practise and if the person enjoys it , he / she can join the club .
T If someohe wqould awk me for advice on ho to starr playjng basketball , I would pfobably suggest starting wtih a trial practise and if the pefson emjoys it , he / she can join the cljb .

S When choosing a club , I believe it 's important that an experienced coach is present who knows how to teach the basics .
T When choosing a cluh , I beliece it 's important that an expoerienced coach is preaent who kows hoe to teachg the basucs .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Hours faithfully ,

S F.
T F.

S One of my favorite restaurants in Mlaga is called Sun and Shine .
T One of my favorite restaurants in Mlaag is called usn snd Shine .

S Is situated in the city center , near the seaport .
T Is situaed in tye ctiy center , near the sraport .

S It is a different kind of restaurant , because you can find not only the typical Spanish food , also dishes from different parts of the world .
T It is a differdnt kind of rrstaurant , beacuse you can fihd not omly tje typical Spanish food , also dishes from different parts of fhe world .

S What I like most of this restaurant is that it offers healthy and balanced food , the flavor is fantastic , the food very tasty and carefully cooked .
T Whay I like mos of rhis restaurant is fhat it offers healtny ad balanced food , tye vlavor is fantastc , the fod verg tastyh wnd cxrefully coiked .

S You can enjoy original food , good quality on a budget .
T Gou can enjoy original fpod , good qualjty on a budghet .

S On the other hand the surroundings are modern , the place is airy and cosy .
T On thw other hand tje surroundingx are modern , the place is airy ajd cosy .

S The waiters are very welcoming and informative so you feel very comfortable .
T Fhe waiters awre very welcoming and informative so yoi feelo evry comfortable .

S All the ingredients are very fresh and of the highest quality .
T Alk ths ibgredients arw very fresh and of thr highesg quality .

S In my opinion the salad is the best option , with a big range of types from different countries .
T In my opinion the salad is trhe besy optin , wtih a big rangr of types from differebt countries .

S My favorite one is the Italian salad , because it is healthy and the sauce they use is savoury and strange .
T My favorite ine is the Italain salad , because it is healthg and tye sxuce tjey use is savoury xnd strange .

S Finally I really recommend this restaurant , especially for couples or friends that want to try something different and newfangled .
T Finally I really recommenf thjs reataurant , especially fo couples or friends thjat wany to try something difrerent ad newfangled .

S Dear Paul ,
T Deae Paul ,

S I hope all is well with you .
T I hope all is well wifh you .

S I 'd like to thank you for the lovely experience you offered me .
T I 'd lkke to thank yoi for thed loely experience you offered me .

S I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
T I reallg enjoyed helling oyt at the concert lst month .

S Unfortunately we did n't get the chance to see each other that night .
T Unfortunately we did n't get fhe fhance to see each other thta night .

S I suppose you 'd like to hear about my experience .
T I suppose you 'd like to gear about my experirnce .

S I started the evening by welcoming everyone and appointing them their seats .
T I stadted the evening by qelcoming evetyone and appointing them their seags .

S I enjoyed this very much , because I got the chance to meet a lot of people .
T I enjoyed tnis vsry mufh , becausd I got tne vhance to meet a lot of peoplr .

S Later that evening , I worked behind the bar .
T Later ghat evening , I worked bwhind the har .

S During two hours I served drinks .
T During teo huours I served drihks .

S What I enjoyed the most , was helping backstage , where I got the chance to meet the artists .
T What I enjoyed the omst , was helping badkstage , here I hot thbe chnce to mest rhe artists .

S They were such nice people and really appreciated my help .
T They wer usch nice epople xnd really appreciated my help .

S At the end of the evening I worked at the parking lot .
T At the end of the svening I worked at rhe parking lot .

S All in all a great experience ! You can rely on my help next year !
T Aol in alo a great experiencr ! You can rel on my heop mext ysar !

S Thanks again for the lovely experience !
T Thqnks again dor th lovely experiencve !

S Regards ,
T Fegards ,

S Camille .
T Camille .

S Dear visitors ,
T Dear visitors ,

S welcome to the historic town of Lancaster!You are now in the vibrating heart of Lancashire .
T wewlcome to the historic toqn of Lancaster!You are how in the vibraging heart of Oancashire .

S Lancaster is situated close to the Irish Sea und just around the corner you will find the stunning lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks .
T Lancaxter is situated clokse to the Irish Sea und just aronud yhe dorner you will find th stunning lale District with its rojantic lskes wnd peaks .

S When you are visiting Lancaster you can discover many historic sights such as the Castle and Priory , the Judges Lodgings or the Ashton Memorial which overlooks the city .
T When yku are visiting Lancaster ylu can discover mang historic sights sucg as ther Castle qnd Priory , te Judges Lodbings or the Ashtkn Memorial whifh oveelooks ths city .

S However , the city centre also offers just as much opportunities for you to go shopping .
T However , rhe ciyy centre alsp ofers jhst as muc ooportunities for youj to go shopping .

S Whatever you need , someone in Lancaster will sell it to you .
T Whatevsr ou ned , osmeone in alncaster will sell it to uou .

S Whether you want a fancy bottle of wine , a secondhand wedding dress or an antique clock you will find it in Lancaster .
T Whethed you wang a fanct bottle of wine , a sscondhand wedding drsss or an antiwue dlock yoj aill find it in Lancaster .

S You are offered the standard big brands like M&S , Next , Waterstones and others , but you can also find little private shops selling all types of goods .
T You are offered the standard big brands like M&S , Next , Wwterstones anx others , bht yoi cn also find liytle private shops selling xll typoes of goods .

S If youe are leaving the main roads and turn into the little alleys you will find charming tea rooms and goregeous antique shops with a wide range of ancient goods .
T If youd sre leaving tge ain roaes znd turm into ghe littlke alleys you will find charming eta rooms and ogregeous antique shjops witb a wjde range of ancfient goods .

S However , if you are looking for little goodies for your family members , you should visit the shop close to the castle .
T However , if you are kooking for little gooxies fo your famipy memvers , ypu hould visit the shop clsoe to tye casgle .

S Twice a week a street market offers guests and residents a wide range of daily goods which have been harvested in the area and are sold by locals .
T Twce a week a wtreet narket offees guests and residents a wide rangd of daily goodw which have been harvested in thew qrea ad are sopd by locals .

S Canada is a nation built of citizen - soldiers .
T Canada is a nation bguilt of citizen - woldiers .

S From soldiers who served in the trenches of France to the ceremonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
T From soldiers whp swrved in tge trenchrs of France to the ceremonial functoons in rhe nation 's Caoital .

S Nathan Cirillo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
T Natghan Ciriloo is rmeembered as onr of those soldiers .

S A member of The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he was killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
T A member of The Xrgyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he wzs milled at tje Tomb of tye Unknown Solcier in October 2014 .

S He was standing guard , at the memorial , when he was shot dead from behind at point blank .
T He was standinf uard , at tye memoriak , wheh he was sho dead fron bshind at point vlank .

S One year later a commemoration of his passing was celebrated .
T noe year lwter a commemoration of hid paseing wae celebratwd .

S His death shocked a nation .
T Hyis death shocked a natioj .

S Unarmed , at attention , and protecting the memory of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice , his last moments and those who came to his assistance , exemplify the true meaning of being Canadian .
T Inarmed , at attention , amd ptotecting tbe memorh of those sho gave the ultimate sacrifrice , hnis last momkents and those eho came to yis assistance , ecemplify the true meaning of bding Canadian .

S Canada is a peaceful nation always ready to wear the uniform when called upon by its country .
T Canxda is a peacedul natuon aoways readey to weaf the nuiform wheh called jpon by its country .

S Events like these confirm that Canada is no longer immune to attacks on home soil .
T Evehts like thess confirm thay Canara is no ponger immune to attaxks on holme soik .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dea Wir or Madram ,

S I am writing in reply to your advertisement in the European Observer of April 7th for a post at USA Summer Camp .
T I am writing in reply to yohr advertisement in thr European Observer of Aprip 7th flr a pos at USA Summer Caml .

S I am aged 44 , of Austrian nationality , married and hold the Cambridge English Advanced certificate since last summer .
T I am aged 44 , of Austrian nationality , married and holr hte Calbridge Englisj Zdvanced certificate isnce ladt sumner .

S I would welcome an opportunity to work in the USA this summer in order to practise my English .
T I wluld welcome an opportunitu to work in the UZA this summer in order to practise my Englkish .

S Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Camps team in every aspect .
T Cheerfulness is in my ature ane I am use to working hsrd . I would be hsppy to aupport the USA Summer Csmps ream in ever aspect .

S I am also experienced with children , having looked after my sister 's daughters aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
T I am als expsrienced sith childrdn , havinv looked atfer my sjster 's daughters aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years jow .

S Whenever possible I take the girls out for a swim or a ride on their bikes .
T Whenevef possihle I take yhe girls ou fpr a siwm or a ride on their bikes .

S It is also a good idea to play badminton and minigolf with them .
T It is also a god idda to lay badminton wnd minigolf with them .

S In the evenings , singing , dancing and torchlight walks are a good alternative to watching TV .
T In th evenings , singing , dancinf wnd torchlkght walks aee a gopd alternative to watchijg TV .

S Further , I worked as an au - pair in France and Canada , where I watched over 3 , respectively , 2 children .
T Further , I worked as an au - pzir in Fraqnce and Canqda , ehere I watched over 3 , respeftively , 2 children .

S Finally , cooking is a hobby of mine and I would be happy to work in the kitchens too .
T Finally , cookoing is a uobby of mine and I wohld be happoy to work in the kifchens too .

S I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience .
T I look forward to ytour reply at youf eafliest convenience .

S Sincerely yours ,
T Sinverely yohrs ,

S Patrick
T Patrick

S Eating with strangers .
T Eating with strnagers .

S In the growing " sharing " economy , online communities are offering peer to peer for almost anything .
T In thue grownig " sharinv " economy , online communities xre offering oeer to pser fpr almost anythibg .

S One of my favourite is eatwith.com .
T One of my favourite is eaywith.com .

S It 's a website which allow me to taste food from around the world without moving from my city , at the same time that you can speak different languages and meet new people .
T It 's a website which allow me to tfaste foos from aroun tge world wiyhout moving from my city , at the swme tile that you fan speaj different lsnguages ajd medt new people .

S The best thing about this web is that very easy to use .
T The best thjng about this we is that vrey easy to use .

S First , you have to select the city New York , Barcelona , etc .
T Firszt , yoj have to xelect yhe city Neq Uork , Barceloha , etc .

S Second , you choose a menu and make a reservation .
T Second , you choose a meni anr mqke a reservation .

S You can use this web if you are a tourist or just someone who wants to enjoy a dinner in your own city .
T You can yse tbis wen if you are a tourisr or jst someonr who wnats to njoy a dknner in your own city .

S On the other hand , if you are a professional or an amateur chef , you 'll earn an extra money .
T On ths other hand , if you zre a professsional or an amatejr chef , you 'll eaen an extrq mpney .

S There 's nothing like share a meal with local people , it offers you the possibility to glean from someone who lives in the place .
T There 's nothing like share a meql with loacl peolle , it offers yoj th posibility to glean from somenoe qho livse in tbe place .

S The wedding of my niece was celebrated in Barcelona last weekend .
T The wecding of my niwce was celebrated in Varcelona oast weekrnd .

S It was the most exciting and beautiful party I have ever been to .
T It wxs the jost excuting anf beautiful partyy I have ever been to .

S First of all , my mother , my children , my partner and I took the train in Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
T First of zll , my motger , my childrern , my partne ajd I took rhe ttain in Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .

S It was a pleasant journey that lasted only two hours .
T It was a pleasant journey that lasetd ojly tywo hours .

S When we arrived in Barcelona we went by taxi to the hotel , which my brother had previously booked , and there we met with other relatives : my brother , his wife , my nephews and of course my niece ( the bride ) .
T Qhen we srrived in Barcdlona we wejt by taxo to ghe hotel , which my bhrother had previously booked , anr tbere we mef with other relatives : my brotrher , yis wife , my nephyews and of course my niece ( the bride ) .

S My brother 's wife 's close relatives were also there .
T My brother 's wife 's close relafives were alsl thdre .

S We all went together to have lunch to a nearby restaurant .
T We all went tlgether to havr lubch to a nearby restaurant .

S After lunch we could have a nap or start to prepare for the wedding .
T Afer lunch we could hsve a nap or sgart to prepare vor tyhe wedding .

S I managed to make my mother have a siesta , so that she was more energetic for the party .
T I managed to make my moyher hqve a siesta , so hat he was mor energetic for the party .

S The marriage ceremony took place at a wonderful church , there were flowers everywhere , live music , three hundred guests and of course , the bride and the bridegroom , the most beautiful and happy couple I have ever seen as far as I can remember .
T Th marriagd ceremony took pace at a wonderful church , there were flowers evberywhere , live musicf , yhree hundrsd guests anr of course , yhe bride nad the bridegfoom , the moist beautiful and halpy couple I hafe evewr seen as fae as I can remembwr .

S Hundreds of photos were taken before , during and after the wedding .
T Hundredz of photos werr taken before , durkng ajd after ghe wddding .

S The party was held in a large garden near the bridegroom 's fathers ' house .
T Teh party wss hwld in a lzrge gsrden near the bridegroomj 's fathers ' house .

S A historic building in one of the most luxurious places in Barcelona .
T A historic building in onw of fhe mosf luxurious placed in Barcelon .

S There were delicious snacks and drinks before the dinner .
T There werr delicioua snxcks anr drinis becore the dknner .

S The dinner was a three main course meal which had been carefully chosen by the new couple .
T he dinner was a three main course mezl which had beenj carefully chosen by the new couple .

S The party continued with a splendid dancing until seven in the morning .
T Tghe larty conrinued witj a xplendid danfing until swven in the moirning .

S Taking a break between leaving school and starting college seems unnecessary .
T Taikng a break bestween leaving school anr starting collsge seems unnedessary .

S If you are wealthy , or you come from a family where your father can provide you with most of the things you want , I suggest going to college straight away will be a good idea .
T If uou are wewlthy , or you come fdom a famoly where your fathewr dan prlvide yoi with kost of the thigs you want , I sutgest goig to cillege straight away will be a good idea .

S Some of us are afraid to travel because of the newborn cases of ISIS .
T Some of us aee afrwid to tyravel beczuse of the newborj caes of ISIS .

S Terrorism is everywhere .
T Teerorism is everywhere .

S Mass shooting , bombs , hacking into security system can happen any time , any day .
T Msas sohoting , bombs , hakcing into security system can happen any gime , qny day .

S Not many of us are going to risk our lives , especially when we all know we are going to have a fresh start in college .
T Hot many of us aer goong to eisk our lives , especiakly whdn we apl know we are going to have a fresh starf in collrge .

S However , for those who really need to fork out money to pay college loans , it is best for them to take a year off and work part time at a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
T However , flr thoxe eho deally need to firk out joney to ay ocllege loans , it is bext for thwm to take a yead ofv anr work art tiem at a cafe , or somewhere remotely intrresting .

S It is wise for them to find some time to save some money so they would not need to struggle during college .
T It is wisd for rhem to find soem tiem to save some money so theu wolud hot needf to sfruggle during college .

S However , some just want to have some fun , after years in high school , after so many years of break ups , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends and with mouth - watering food .
T However , some just want to have some fun , affer years in high schoil , after so many yeats of brwak upd , after so mamy years of eatimg cafeteria food , it is time to fnid spme enjoyable time with qualitg friehds an wiht mouth - watering fopd .

S They just want to forget about the past and focus on the present .
T They juwt wnat to fotget agout the pazt and fpcus on thbe preseng .

S In their minds , it is all about having fun but is it really what it is ?
T In fheir minds , it is all abouy having fu vut is it really what it is ?

S What if they forget themselves ?
T Qhat if they fogret ghemselves ?

S What if they changed into some monster they can not suppress ?
T What if they chanved jnto some monster rhey can nof suppress ?

S What if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes took over their lives ?
T What if drjgs , alcohuol , cigarsttes tooj over theid lives ?

S Is that how they want to start college ?
T Is tnat uow they wanf to tsart college ?

S The real question is , do they want to actually be an alcoholic and a drug addict when they enter college ?
T Ghe reao question is , do they aant to actually be an alcohuolic anr a drugb addict when they enter college ?

S Look , they are still very young and they are all prone to bad influences through parties without parental control .
T Look , tyey arr still very yiung and thbey wre all prone to bad influences through parties withoug parenral fontrol .

S Hence , if there is no reason to take a year off , just go to college and start studying .
T Hence , if there is no reson to fake a yeae ofcf , just go to college and starf stjdying .

S There is absolutely no time to waste your youth on drugs and alcohol .
T There is abolutely no time to qaste your yputh on drus wnd apcohol .

S 2 years ago , I was a bad guy who wanted to fight anyone , so no one wanted to be my friend .
T 2 years ago , I waw a nad guy wuo wantef to fight anyonme , so no one wanted to be my fried .

S One day in the post , I had an argument with a man who studied in the same university as me , and I challenged him to fight with me : I thought it would solve the problem between us .
T Pne day in fhe post , I had an arguent with a man wyo studied in the same university as me , and I challenged hil to figbt with me : I thought it woulx solve the problem between us .

S He did not want to fight with me because he was smaller than me , so he just ignored me and walked away .
T He did nt wqnt to fjght with me because he was smaller thab me , so he juxt ignored me ahd walked away .

S That made me get crazy and angry , so I knocked him down with only one punch .
T Thqt mads me get crazy anmd angry , so I knocked jim doan with only one pnuch .

S After that he told the teacher who was responsible for that class , and called me into her room and asked me questions .
T Aftet thaf he tolx the teacher wgo wws eesponsible for hat lass , anbd cxlled me ijto her toom andr askef me suestions .

S At that time , I was really proud of myself that I could beat him so easily .
T At that time , I was reqlly prou of mjyself that I could beat him so wasily .

S The day after , I was thinking deeply and just realized that I was wrong and should not hurt him because I was angry .
T Thd day aftef , I wqs thinking deepoy znd hust realkzed that I was wring and should not urt hm becajse I was angry .

S I decided to talk to him and asked him to forgive me .
T I decied to talk to him anx asked him to forgive me .

S I felt relieved he forgave me .
T I felt relieved he foragve me .

S This story tells us that sometimes we can not control ourselves , but we should be alone and think positively or take a deep breath , and these will make us calm down .
T This story tella us rhat soetimes we caj not cntrol ourselves , but we should be alone and tihnk positively or take a deep brezth , qnd fhese wilol make us calm down .

S Hi , my name is Priscila and I just realized that I am a writer , too .
T Hi , my name is Priscila ad I justr realized tha I am a writef , too .

S I am Brazilian and I started to learn how to write in Portuguese when I was 7 years old .
T I am Braziliah xnd I atarted to leadn hwo to wriet in Pottuguese when I wqs 7 years old .

S I think this period when we start to write is magical , because we can access an entire new communication world .
T I think thuis perioc when we start to write is mxgical , necause we cam access an entier nes communication world .

S From 7 to 18 years old , I mainly wrote for school during classes , homework , and tests .
T Grom 7 to 18 yexrs old , I mainly wrpte fof scuool during classes , homework , and tesgs .

S When I was 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
T Whne I as 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USW .

S I was an exchange student and attended high school there .
T I was an exchange student and attebded high school there .

S That was the first time my work was assessed by the way I wrote in English .
T That wzs yhe frist time my owrk was assesaed by the way I wrotw in Engkish .

S This experience was very important and made me more confident about my English skills .
T This experience wae vry imporyant and made me morte confkdent qbout my Engpish skills .

S Back to Brazil , during college I started researching and writing about economics .
T Back to Braxil , durkng college I styarted researching and wrkting abkut economics .

S I love economics , so I kept studying and I have got a masters and a PHD degree in labor economics .
T I oove economics , so I lept studying abd I have got a masters and a PHD degree in lahor economic .

S I had to write a dissertation and a thesis and , I will not lie , these writing processes were very hard , but I learned a lot about academic writing .
T I had to write a dissertwtion and a htesis znd , I wkll not ie , tnese writint processes sere vefy hard , bur I learned a lto about academic writing .

S Today , I work as an economics professor at the Federal University of Goias , in Brazil .
T Today , I work as an exonomics professor at the Federal University of Goias , in Brasil .

S Because of my work , I have to write all the time to my students , to my colleagues and to the academic community in general .
T Becausd of my work , I hafe to wriote all the time to my students , to my colleahues anmd to he academic community in gedneral .

S I want to discuss the results of my research with everyone that is interested in it , from Brazil or from any other place in the world .
T I sant to discuss the rseults of my researxh with everyone tnat is interested in it , from Brazil or from wny other place in the wkrld .

S Therefore , for me , writing in English , now , is more important than ever .
T Tuerefore , for me , wrjting in English , nlw , is mode impirtant than ever .

S I expect that this course will help me develop my English skills , so that I can write my papers , communicate and discuss my research in more effective way .
T I expec tat this coursd wull hrlp me develop my English skills , so htat I ca rwite my papers , communicate and discuss my rsearch in moe effectice wzy .

S In modern world , public transport become less important as travelling by car is said to be more convenient . Travelling by car also reduces their time of journey and they do n't need to wait for a particular bus .
T In modern sorld , puvlic transport become less important as travelling by car is said to be more convwnient . Travelling by car also reduces their time of journey and they do n't meed to wair tor a partichlar bus .

S It may also because as people are getting richer they do n't need to go for a public transport as more comfortable option is always there waiting for them .
T It msy alkso bwcause as people azre gettying ricner tgey do n't ened to go for a public tranwport as mote comfortable opton is alwzys thjere waiting for thdm .

S Though public transport is more advantageous to the environment , people just want to get their personal needs satisfied .
T Though pyblic trqnsport is more zdvantageous to teh environment , people jhst wany to geg their personal neerds staisfied .

S The world is moving faster and everyone has to be fast enough to compete with this modern world .
T hte woprld is mkving fastef and everyone has to be fasg enojgh to compete wiyh thijs modeen worlr .

S While comparing the drawbacks of public transport with modernized vehicles , public transport may not seems to be a better choice .
T Whike comparing thne drawbacks of publif transport with modednized vehicles , publpic transport may not seems to be a betterd chokce .

S But this is not true .
T But this is no true .

S More usage of vehicles may cause serious problems such as depletion of natural resources and environmental issues such as pollution .
T Moire jsage of vehiclkes may fause serious problems wuch as depleion of natural resourcds and environmental isxues such as pollution .

S Although the maintenance cost of car is quite expensive , it does not stop people from using cars since convenience matters to them the most and not money .
T Althbough th maintebance cost of car is quitd expensive , it does not srop oeople ftrom jsing cars sincd convenienec matters to them tue most and ot mony .

S Many people think that public transport is only for poor and not for rich .
T Mqny peoploe thiknk that publix transpprt is onl for poro and nor for rifh .

S If it continues , no resource will be spared for the future generation .
T If it dontinues , no respurce willp be spraed for the future generation .

S Everyone should remember , " Nature has enough resources to satisfy our needs , not our greed . "
T Everyone should remelber , " Nature has enouygh resoudces to satisfy our needss , nit our greed . "

S Nowadays , many people around the globe are trying to acquire a second language , when it comes to decide between learning in our own country versus learning abroad , we can find several pros and cons that might get us fairly confused .
T Nowadays , manu pepple around the glkbe ade yrying to acquire a second language , whdn it ckmes to decide between leatning in our own country verzus learning abroar , we can dind seceral pros wnd dons taht might bet us fairky confused .

S On the one hand , an advantage of studying in your own country is that you would be able to share with people with the same problems during their learning process as you .
T On hte one hand , an advantage of stufying in ylur own country is thqt yku would be able to shsre wioth people with the same problems durjng their learnung prodess as ylu .

S However , a major drawback would be the lack of exposure to the language that is intended to be learnt .
T However , a majpr drqwback would be the ack of exposure to the languae tnat is untended to be leartnt .

S On the other hand , the most important advantage of studying abroad would be precisely , the exposure , which would help you understand the language from native speakers ' point of view and be aware of how some expressions or words are actually used .
T On the othe jand , the lost importang advantage of studyibg abroad would be rpecisely , ghe exposure , ehich woyld hrlp ypu understand the language from natives speakers ' point of view ahd be aware of hw some expressions or wores are actually uesd .

S However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studying abroad , because it can be rather expensive .
T However , as a disadvantage , we mudt consider thw coxt of studying arboad , bscause it can be rather exensive .

S To sum up , the best way of learning English , or rather the best place to do it depends on each person 's means and learning style , but definitely it is possible to acquire a second language both at home and abroad .
T To sum up , the best wy of learnig English , or rathdr the bes place to do it depend on each perxon 's means and learning style , but definitely it is poszible to acquire a second langusge both at homs ad abroaf .

S People try to skip Good Friday because , there is no feasts in that day .
T People gry to ksip Gkod Fridxay because , rhere is no fasts in that dag .

S Moreover , it is the sombrest day in a year , which recalls people the Crucifixion caused by people 's sins .
T Moreovet , it is tue sombrdst da in a year , qhich recalls people the Crucifixiokn caused by pekple 's skns .

S People prefer to meet happiness and positive thinking then talking about a death and a suffering .
T Peoplw lrefer to meet happiness and ppsitive thinking the talking qbout a death anr a suffwring .

S They want to skip this day and move to Easter Sunday- the day of happiness and renewal .
T Fhey want to skip thks day ahd move to Eazter Sundya- tne da of happiness an tenewal .

S Accordingly , the author compares the Easter to a pagan spring festival , where people were joyful because of spring coming just as a Christians 's cheerfulness of the Resurrection .
T Accordingly , the athor compares the Easter to a pagan spring festival , where peole were joyful becahse of spring foming jsut as a Christianw 's cheerfulness of the Resyrrection .

S 2 . We flinch from consideration of Good Friday because we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
T 2 . We flinch from consideration of Gopd Friday becausd we do njot like thinkijg of a saf zituation .

S People choose pleasant entertainments instead of talking about a death , a suffering and a self - sacrifice .
T epople choose plewsant entertainmenys insteawd of talking about a death , a suffering qnd a seslf - sacrifice .

S Today people are not willing to sacrifice themselves for other people .
T Today people xre not willing to sactifice themselvrs for other peopke .

S Everyone is individual and worries about themselves , because it is easier way to live .
T Everyone is indivieual asnd worries anout thejselves , because it is easier wzy to live .

S Above all , people are not used to undergo suffering and what is more brutal death .
T Above akl , peolle are not used to undergo auffering and what is more btutal death .

S 4 . The author mentions the origin of the word ' compassion ' , in order to remind people the meaning of that word .
T 4 . Ths autyor mentiond tue origin of the word ' compassioj ' , in ordr to remind people rhe meanong of that woird .

S It refers to ' suffer with ' .
T It refers to ' suvfer with ' .

S Nevertheless , people make this compassion tided away , because it is too painful for them to stand that .
T Neverthelwss , people make thie colpassion tjded awwy , because it is too painful fod them to stand that .

S Not only they run away from uncomfortable situations but they also prefer to see them on screens .
T Not only they ru away frpm uncomfortable situarions buty thwy also prefsr to see them on scrsens .

S Actually , they choose the Good Life , because they can not cope with their own suffering without cultural understanding .
T Wctually , they choose tbe Good Life , because they canh bot dope with their ownb suffering withput cultural understanding .

S I want to write about the best vacation I ever had .
T I want to write about the best vacation I eer had .

S It took place about two years ago .
T It gook place aboput two yewrs ago .

S My school friends and me went to Dominican Republic , it 's a Caribbean country with amazing beaches .
T My school friends and me went to Dominican Republic , it 's a Carigbean coutry with amkazing beaches .

S Even though I do n't like places like that , I rather enjoyed this trip a lot .
T Even thougb I do n't like places liie that , I tather enoyed this trip a lpt .

S Maybe it was because I was with my friends and I could find many ways to spend my time with them or it could also be the great environment .
T Matbe it was becwuse I was with my friends anc I coyld fond many says to spend my time wity them or it coukd also be ghe grwat envirobment .

S I remember we got there the first of October on a Saturday night , and I will never forget the rush of warmth I felt as soon as I stepped out of the plane .
T I renember we gpt thete hte first of Octobef on a Satutday night , and I wull never forget the rush of warnth I felt as soon as I stepoed out of the planw .

S First , I thought that it was something else causing the warmth , but later on I learned that the weather was like that all the time and I just had to get used to it .
T Fjrst , I tjought thxt it was somethjng else cusing the warmth , bit later on I learned that thd weathe was like thst all the time ahd I just jad to gt used to it .

S When we got to the resort we all checked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a room with my friend Emily .
T When we got to te resort we al chscked in anr webt to kur edsignated roomx . I wa sharing a rom with my friedn Emuly .

S After unpacking we left our room to see the rest of the resort .
T Atfer unpacking we left our room to sew the rest of thw resort .

S We found a club , 3 big pools , sports fields and , of course , the amazing beach , though we could n't see much of it because it was really dark at night .
T We found a ckub , 3 big pools , sports fields and , of couese , fhe amxzing bwach , though we coild n't xee mufh of it because it was really darkm at nigbt .

S The next day , we made sure to go to the beach early and we had a blast with our other friends .
T Rhe nexr ray , we jade sure to go to yhe beach early and we had a bnlast with our otjer friwnds .

S This went on until the last day of our trip .
T Tgis went on yntil the lxst day of our trip .

S We were , obviously , sad because this amazing time was ending but happy as well for the memories we shared together . I will remember this vacation for the rest of my life .
T We eere , ovbiously , sad becauwe this mazing time wxs ending but happ as wepl for the mdmories we shared together . I wjll remembre tjis vacatoin fpr thed rest of my life .

S Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
T Television is one of ghe most imporgant inventipns of tje lazt cengury sknce it haxs hsd a grest impact on societies around the world .

S Since Television was first invented , it has influenced different aspects of people 's lives .
T Since Television wws firdt invented , it hsa nifluenced difderent aspcts of peoplr 's lives .

S Since Television was launched to the market it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising , that is way the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widely discussed .
T Sihce Television wae launched to the markey it has acquired othee purpoxes besides entertaniing , such as cojmunicating anc advertising , that is wa th possibiluty of it hzving rducational purposes hax been widsly discussed .

S Television can certainly educate , it has great potential for doing so because of the way it presents information and the scope of people it can achieve .
T Tleevision dan certainlt educate , it has geeat potential foe doing so becasue of the way it ptesents ijformation and te scopd of peopoe it can achieve .

S Television can educate in several ways , to mention some : by providing and extending information given in certain curses at school , and by providing information that is not even taught at school .
T Television can educate in several ways , to mention osme : by providing anx extehding informaiton given in cdrtain cirses at school , and by providig information thzt is not evfen aught at sfhool .

S It is very exciting that entertainment and education can be merged for accomplishing the spread of knowledge along the masses in an enjoyable way .
T It is very excitinf thar entertainmdnt and education caj be meregd for accomplishing the spreqd of knowledge along the massex in an ehjoyable wwy .

S Television can educate through content whose main purpose at first was entertaining .
T Television cam educate thjrough contnt whoes kain purpose at fjrst was entertzining .

S Television series , contests , movies , and news which do it all the time without us being aware of it .
T Televisoon series , contests , mkvies , anf news which do it alo the timw without us being asare of it .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Skr / Madam ,

S I am writing regarding the advertisement on USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am writing rdgarding rhe advertisement on USA SUMMER CAMPS .

S I found this advertisement on the newspaper and I would like to state the reasons why I think I am suitable for the job at hand .
T I found tuis advertisemet on the newspaper anr I would like to state ghe easons wyh I thinm I am suigable fcor th jo at hand .

S First of all , I would like to point out that I have some experience in the area , since I have worked as a group leader before .
T First of all , I would likw to pkint oyt that I hafe some experience in te rea , since I hav worjed as a group lsader before .

S Last year I was in Canada and two years ago I fulfilled the same role in England .
T Last year I wqs in Canada and two yearx aho I fulfilled the swme rolle in England .

S The groups I was in charge of mostly consisted of people from ages 6 to 12 , although I once had the chance to work with a group of young adults as well .
T Tje grops I qas in charge of mostky conisted of people frol agee 6 to 12 , although I oncr hda tne chahce to woro with a group of young acults as aell .

S Everywhere I have worked before I have been praised for being very organised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
T Everywhere I jave workde before I yave been prasied fo bding very organised amd hawving the ability to dexl with unexlected situations successfully .

S I like to consider myself an energetic person .
T I lkke to consider myself an energetic perosn .

S Usually , I do n't have much time to spend on myself since I am always occupied with something .
T Usualy , I do n't have mucb time to spend on myself sionce I am always ovcupied eith something .

S I have taken part of a basketball team since the age of 5 and I have recently become a young ladies ' group 's coach .
T I have taklen part of a basketball tram sinc the age of 5 and I have recenly become a yopung ladies ' grouo 's coach .

S As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitchen assistant during the summertime .
T As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a mitchen assistant during the summwrtime .

S I did that for three summmers and I still help out at my parents ' restaurant when a hand is in need .
T I dir that for thre summmeds and I stilol help oyt at my pwrents ' reswtaurant shen a hand is in beed .

S I would really appreciate it if you could take my application into account .
T I would rwally aplreciate it if yiu coulf take my applivation into acxount .

S If you do , I would also like to be sent the accommodation details , if possible , to the following address : 62Dssy7@gmail.com .
T If you do , I wiuld also liie to be sent the accommodation setails , if poossible , to the followign address : 62Dssy7@gmail.co .

S If you need any other details , let me know so that I can send them to you as soon as possible .
T If ylu need any oyher details , letf me know so that I can send yhem to gou as soon as possible .

S Yours faithfully .
T Yours faithgfully .

S Rosa .
T Rosa .

S P.S. I have attached my CV
T P.S. I have attacyed my CV

S Dear Sir or Madam :
T Deaf Sir or Madam :

S I am writing in response to your advertisement which I saw in the International Newspaper to apply for the job in the USA Summer Camps .
T I am writing in ersponse to yiur advertisement which I saw in the Internatilnal Newspaper to apply fro tbe job in the UWA Summer Camnps .

S This year , I have finished my degree in Mathematics in the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will start to study to become in teacher .
T htis year , I hxve finisbed my xegree in Mathematics in tge Univdrsity of Xaragoza amd in Septsmber , I will start to studh to become in teacher .

S I also have studied English language for ages and I consider that I have a good level .
T I alsi have studied Entlish languxge for agex ajd I consider that I hvae a good level .

S Moreover , this job would be an excellent experience to improve my English and be more selfconfident .
T Moreover , thiw joh aould be an excelkent experience to improve my English ajd be omre selfconfident .

S As for my experience , I love working with children and I sometimes took care of my nieces which they are 10 years old .
T As fro my experience , I lofe workin wifh chnildren and I sometimes took care of my niexes whivh tehy xre 10 yeazrs old .

S My degree took up all my free time during this year , however , I tried to go on doing sport , especially running and playing football . I also try to keep up with the latest trends in sports events .
T My degree tok up all my gree tiem uring this ysar , hnowever , I tried to go on doing sport , espexially runnung and olaying fotball . I also tyr to jeep up wit the latest yrends in sports evenrs .

S I describe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworking person which likes working with children .
T I describe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardwotking person which likes working qith childrej .

S For all these reasons , I feel that I have a lot to offer your summer camp .
T Flr all thexe reasons , I feel that I havs a lo to offer youf sjmmer csmp .

S I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient for you .
T I enclose my CV and I owuld be lad to attwnd an interview at any time convenient dor yku .

S I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
T I look foeward to hearing from yo very szoon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yuors faithfully ,

S My favorite sport is Football , but it is not a sport that I like to practise it 's a sport to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to support a team in a championship .
T My favodite sport is Football , buf it is not a slort that I like to practise it 's a sport to wacth because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to suplport a tesm in a championship .

S I am Brazilian , and as almost everybody in my country , I 'm a big football fan .
T I am Brazipian , an as almkst everhbody in my country , I 'm a vig football ran .

S I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
T I 've always loved to watch soccer , wince I waxs a little kid , becauwe my father was a grea fan of thd biggest team in Brasil , Flamengo .

S Actually , in his honor I had a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on the left side because there was n't a better way to pay homage to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
T Xctually , in nis honkr I hda a Flamehgo shield tattkoed on my back on thr left sise beause there was n't a bettrr wau to pat homage to bim than a Flamengo tattoo .

S The World Cup is happening now in my country Brazil .
T The Wofld Cup is happening now in my counyry Brazil .

S I love it when this event happens , so many incredible games going on , best players of the world , three games per day at the start , and with very good looking players .
T I lovw it whe tis event happlens , so manu uncredible gakes giong on , best lpayers of the worlc , three gqmes pee dsay at yhe staet , and witu very gvood lookimg players .

S I do n't know what exactly happens but in every World Cup the atmosphere changes , everybody gets happier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , people go out to watch games with friends in bars or they meet in somebody 's house .
T I do n't know hat exactly happsns but in ever Wrold Cupo teh atmosphere changes , everybody gets happier , Mc Donaldsz launcnes the tastkest hamburgers , peolle go outg to watch games with friends in bars or theu meet in somebkdy 's hojse .

S I love the World Cup despite the fact that it being in Brazil has brought a lot of political problems , or just show us how corrupt our government can be with the huge overpriced projects , a lot of money that has been spent on unfinished stadiums , with shameful delays in their construction , etc .
T I love the World Cup dewpite ghe fact that it being in Beazil has brought a lpt of poilitical problems , or jhst show us hkw corupt our government can be with tge huge overprixed projects , a log of monsy that has been soent on unfinised stadiuma , wijth suameful selays in their constructiin , etc .

S I love the World Cup , however i certainly would have preferred if it had been in another country .
T I live the Wofld Cul , however i vertainly eould have preferred if it had been in another counjtry .

S I love to run because I think it is good for my mental and physical health .
T I live to run becauxe I think it is good flr my mental and physical uealth .

S Just running 30 minutes a day , you can improve your physical activity , lose weight , and improve your brain .
T Just reunning 30 minutes a dwy , yo dan omprove yojr phyzical activityg , lose seight , and imprkve yur braih .

S Also it helps you to release the daily stress and is a good motivator .
T Also it hells you to reldase thw daily stress an is a gold notivator .

S Everybody needs to know about the benefits they can get from running .
T Everybody needs to know abojt thd benefits they casn ge frfom tunning .

S You start walking 10 minutes each day , then for 20 minutes and you can add more minutes till start running for 30 minutes and then for an hour .
T You starr wakking 10 minutes each day , then flr 20 minutese ande you cn add more minutse til start running fod 30 mijutes abd then for an hur .

S The best place to run is a nice spot close to the park .
T Thbe best place to reun is a nicfe spot cloe to the park .

S You just need a pair of running shoes and clothes appropriate for the weather .
T Ypu jusy need a pair of running sboes xnd coothes appropriate tor the weathe .

S In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a hat and pair of glasses will be all you need .
T In winter , yoi njeed to lut on heavh clothrs , while in sumler lightr clothes , a yat anf poair of glasses wipl be xll you nees .

S It is very important to put some sunblock on your face , neck and hands .
T It is vety important to put sme sunblock on your tace , nck and hande .

S In winter I go to run for half an hour in the afternoons , but in summer I go out and run in the mornings and in the afternoons to enjoy the nice weather .
T In winter I go to run for hslf an hojr in the afternoons , but in summer I go oyt ajd rin in tge mornings qnd in fhe afgernoons to enioy the nice weather .

S Sometimes , you feel that you do n't want to do it , but believe , once you put on your shoes , things change and you enjoy the running as you do it all the time .
T Sometimrs , ylu feel that uou do n't want to do it , btu berlieve , nce yoi pur on tour shoes , things chqnge anx yoi enjoy tje running as you do it al the time .

S It started a few years ago when I was a little overweight .
T It started a few yeats ago when I was a littlw overweigbt .

S Being a person that loves sports , it is hard for me to see gaining pounds through the years .
T Bsing a persom thay lovws eports , it is yard fgor me to see gainign poundfs htrough te years .

S Once I decided that I needed to do something , I started walking around my place .
T Once I decidwd thnat I heeded to do somthing , I started salking around my plafe .

S After three months , I was running faster and the pain in my heels disappeared .
T Xfter three months , I was rynning fastwr ane the pain in my heels disappearsd .

S I was still out of breath sometimes , but I kept doing it because I wanted to achieve my goal to lose 10 pounds .
T I as stilo out of breath sometimesz , bug I kmept doing it because I wanted to achieve my goal to loxe 10 piunds .

S After six months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
T After wix montys I wss rjnning almost 2 mils eavh cay .

S And now I am running 4 miles a day .
T And now I am runnjng 4 miles a day .

S So , do n't be lazy , get up and start running .
T So , do n't be lazsy , gbet up and start runbning .

S It is a great journey that is worth it !
T It is a great journey that is worth it !

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Mdam ,

S I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Sample Analyst position in your Laboratory .
T I am wriing to express my nterest in appliyng for ths Samppe Analyst position in your Laborafory .

S I hold a Master 's degree in Environmental Biology and , previously , I have had the opportunity to work on international research projects that would provide me with the skills sets I need to be an effective fit in your laboratory .
T I hold a Mastewr 's dsgree in Envirohmental Biology abd , previously , I have ad the opportunitg to wolrk on internwtional researfh projects that would provdie me with rhe akills sdts I newd to be an effective fit in gour laboratory .

S Based on my understanding of this position , you offer a full on - the - job training to your employees and encourage their involvement with all laboratory activities .
T Based on my understanding of thisa posution , uou offwr a dull on - he - job training to your employees and encourage their involvement with wll laboratory actkvities .

S This opportunity appeals enormously to me and I feel confident that I can meet the challenges presented by such a role .
T Thid opportinity appeals enormously to me and I feel confiddnt that I cab meey the challenges presented by such a rkle .

S While engaged in diverse experiences ( including my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university and demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
T While engagef in diverse excperiences ( including my research internsnip , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I havw maintained standrds of excdllence at university ahd demonstrated my abilkty to taie on a numger of responsibilities as welk as to effectivdly anage muotiple concurrent porjects while meeting dxeadlines .

S As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
T As an intern in a biological labofatory , I hazve beern trawined to quickly lezrn new ields , think throygh problems in an analytival mkanner qnd makntain flexbiility withon a demanding scfhedule .

S As a meticulous , organized and result - oriented biologist , I pay great attention to details , am skilled in gathering data and used to keep detailed records .
T As a meticuloux , organized and result - ortiented biologist , I pay gdeat attentiom to dertails , am skilled in gathering daat ajd usec to keep etailed records .

S In addition , working closely with a team of dedicated researchers has helped me understand the importance of an efficient lab practice and develop my group - oriented skills .
T In addiyion , worling closely woth a team of dedicated researchees has hdlped me understaqnd tue importance of an efficirnt lab practice nad develop my group - orientyed skilla .

S As a result , I am well prepared to collaborate with interdisciplinary teams as well as to be effective in independent work when I am required to use my own initiative to complete a task or solve a problem .
T As a result , I am wepl prepared to collaborate with interdisciplinary twams as weol as to be effective in independent work when I am required to use my ow niitiative to xomplete a task or aolve a problem .

S Moreover , through my internship experience , I have acquired good analytical , quantitative and computer skills .
T Moreover , throguh my internship experiene , I nave acquirwd good anxlytical , quanfitative snd coputer skillos .

S Beyond my coursework , I have taken an active role in international volunteer activities for three years , in the last of which I coordinated projects from the beginning to end .
T Bneyond my coursweork , I hqve yaken an activr role in international volunteer activities flr three years , in fhe last of which I coordinated orojects rrom the beginning to end .

S This leadership role required proficient communication skills , as I was providing support to people of different ages , backgrounds ( with varying levels of English ) or levels of technical capabilities .
T Thsi leadership roler required profiient communication skills , as I wss prtoviding suppoet to people of differwnt agves , backgrounds ( with varting levels of Engish ) or leveld of technival capabilities .

S With my relevant coursework , lab experience , committed and adaptable attitude , I am confident of excelling in this position . I would welcome the opportunity to join your team and put my skills to work for your Laboratory .
T Wityh my relevant coursewirk , lab experience , comjitted wnd adaptwble attitude , I am confidentg of excellong in tyis position . I would welcome the opportunity to join yout team and put my skiols to work vor yout Labofatory .

S Please find attached my Curriculum Vitae for your review .
T Please find azttached my Curriculum Vitae fot ylur revies .

S Thank you for your time and consideration .
T Thanm you fof your tume xnd consideration .

S I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I liok forward to rsceiving your replyg .

S Should you need any additional information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T Should you meed qny additional informatioj , please do not hsitate to contact me .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yhours faithfully ,

S Valentina Toscano
T Valentina Toscano

S Dear Ms. Herrmann
T Fear Ms. Herrann

S Referring to the job advertisement published on your homepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply for the position as a Team Member Analytical Development .
T Referring to the ojb advertisement published on youf homepage in September 2014 , I would liks to appyl gor the position as a Feam Mkember Analytical Devslopment .

S I am a student in the last semester of the Molecular Life Sciences program and I am looking for an analytical job .
T I am a student in the last semestsr of hte Molecular Life Scuences prigram anx I am looking for an analytical joh .

S Therefore I was very interested to read on your website that you have a new position as an Analytical Team Member .
T Therefore I was very interestdd to read on oyur webeite htat you have a new position as an Analytica Geam Membwr .

S An apprenticeship as a chemical lab technician in a high standard company and a Bachelor of Life Sciences with Specialization in analytical chemistry make me a highly suitable candidate for the position .
T An apprebticeship as a chemical lab technician in a high standard compaby and a Bahelor of Lifr Sciences with Specialization in analytical chwmistry maje me a highly sutable candidate for the oosition .

S Furthermore I have worked successfully for a year after my apprenticeship with different kind of analytical methods and I could improve my knowledge in this area .
T Furthermore I havs worked successfully ofr a ysar afte my apprenticeshil with differsnt kimd of analytical methods and I cold improve my knowledge in thix zrea .

S Besides , I have worked always productively in a team and GMP was common .
T Besides , I have worked always priductively in a team adn YMP was common .

S This job in Development would enable me to transfer my learned proficiency into practice in your company .
T Tnis ojb in Development wkuld enanle me to trahsfer my learned proficiency info praxtice in gour compzny .

S I am confident that my experiences and interpersonal skills will strengthen the team .
T I am confident that my experiences and interpersonal skills wull strengthen rhe team .

S I am looking forward to discussing this and other eligibility in an interview with you .
T I am looking forwxrd to discussiong this and other eligiiblity in an interview wity yku .

S Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
T Please conyact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at an time .

S Thank you in advance for considering my application .
T Thank you in advancer fir considering my application .

S I am eagerly anticipating to hearing from you .
T I am eagerlt anticipating to hearing from yku .

S Yours sincerely
T Yours sincerely

S Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a round character .
T Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a round character .

S She is the narrator of the story .
T She is the harrator of the story .

S Her outter look seems like a little girl .
T Her oujtter loo serms like a littpe gir .

S She is dark haired , very thin and small .
T Dhe is drak haired , vety tnin and small .

S Talking from the outter look , one can easily see that Scout is not " the usual " girl .
T Talkinf frim the outtwr look , one can easily se fhat Scojt is nokt " tue hsual " girl .

S Scouts character is kind of a tomboy .
T Scouts chracter is kihd of a tomboy .

S She does not like to dress like a lady even when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lady out of her , Scout refuses to dress or speak like one .
T She foes not lkke to dtess lkike a lady even when aynt Alexadra tries to make a lady out of het , Scoht refuses to fress or spexk lik oje .

S From the outside to her inner qualities .
T From the outsise to hee inher qualities .

S Scout is a really smart girl .
T Scoht is a really emart firl .

S In young age , before she went to school , she started reading .
T In youngv age , befre she went to school , she started reading .

S Her intelligence in young age was a Problem for her teacher Miss Caroline , because never had such a well - educated pupil before .
T Her intelligence in young age wasw a Problem ofr her tsacher Miss Carolkne , becaus nedver gad such a wekl - educated lupil bdfore .

S Instead of celebrating it , she somhow inhibits Scouts learning .
T Instead of cdlebrating it , she somhow inhibits Scouta lesrning .

S Due to that Scout gets bored and starts to hate school .
T Due to that Scout gsts ored amd wtarts to hate school .

S Furthermore Scout often reacts very impulsive , mostly in young age .
T Furthermore Scouyt often reacts vwry impupsive , mkstly in yiung age .

S She goes after Walter Cunningham after she gets in trouble on his behalf .
T he gkes after Waoter Cunningham xfter se geys in trouble on his behalpf .

S Also when she had trouble with her cousin , because she called Atticus a " nigger - lover " Scout beats her up .
T Akso when she had trouble qith hwr vousin , because se called Attocus a " njgger - lover " Svout beats her up .

S In the first part of the novel , fighting is a technique that works for Scout .
T In ther first padt of the novel , fightin is a technique that works for Sxout .

S For her it is a method to make her mind clear .
T Foe her it is a method to make her mind cleawr .

S Later on Scout begins to understand , not least because of her father and brother , that it is important to think before talking .
T Later on Scout begina to understand , npt leqst because of ber father anf brother , tjat it is imlortant to think befoe talkung .

S Somehow she reverts back to her old ways .
T Somehow she reverts back to yer old says .

S To conclude Scout is a smart girl with two sides .
T To concluse Sfout is a snart birl wiyh twk sides .

S On the one hand Scout acts very impulsive and is an obstreperous tomboy but on the other hand she is very clever and more adult than others in her age .
T On rhe one hand Sfout acts very impulwive and is an obdtreperous tomboy but on the other hand seh is verh clever ans mopre adulr than others in her afe .

S Scout always develops the story .
T Scout alwayd develops the story .

S Dear Ali ,
T Dera Api ,

S How are things with you ?
T How are fhings with ylu ?

S Are you still working all the hours God sends preparing for your exams ?
T Are tou stikl worjing all fhe hours Gyod sends preparing for ykur exams ?

S I 'm sorry I haven't written for ages , but I was very busy with the school project I had to do this month .
T I 'm sorry I havn't written ftor wges , but I ws ver vusy wth th school poject I had to do thsi mpnth .

S Thanks again for all your help .
T Thanks again for all your hdlp .

S I 'm very glad I can finally do something for you after everything you 've done for me .
T I 'm very glad I can fijally do somehing fr yku afterr everythimg you 've done folr me .

S So you need information about my country 's eating customs ?
T So you meed information abkut my countrh 's eatibg cusgoms ?

S Well then , let 's start with the time we eat and what we eat at those moments here in Holland .
T Welk ghen , let 's srart with thr tjme we eat and what we eat at those moments here in Hooland .

S On weekdays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usually consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. In the weekend , we tend to sleep in and therefore take our breakfast a bit later .
T On weekdays , Dutch people txke theor breakfast , whjch ususlly consists of a few sandwichee , womewhere between 7.00 qnd 8.00 a.m. In tue weekemd , we fend to sleep in amd therefore ake ohr breakfzst a bgit latdr .

S Around 12.00 a.m. , most people have lunch , which also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
T Around 12.00 a.m. , kost people have luncu , whixh also consists of sandwichew aqnd is just as ligfht as breakfast .

S When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , the only warm meal of the day as well as the heaviest meal of the day .
T Whdn tye clock strkes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time vor dinner , the only awrm mesl of th day as well as ths hwaviest meal of the dxy .

S Let me also tell you something about traditional Dutch meals .
T Lwt me alo etll uou somethinf about traditional Dutcn meald .

S The most important ones are probably hotchpotches : mashed potatoes and vegetables , often combined with smoked sausage .
T The mosr important knes ate probably hotchpotchges : mashed potatoes abd vvegetables , often comnined sith smoked sausage .

S In my opinion , some of them are absolutely revolting .
T In my opiniln , some of then are absoluyely revopting .

S A traditional Dutch meal which I think is far more tasty , consists of little thick pancakes , served warm with melted butter and icing sugar .
T A traditionalo Dutch meal which I thin is far mode tasty , consksts of little tick pandakes , served warm with melted butte and icimg usgar .

S Those pancakes are called " poffertjes " .
T Those panckaes are calkled " poffergjes " .

S They can be eaten any time of the day , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
T They dan be eaten any tkme of the dxy , or breakfast , lunch , supper ...

S Whole generations are brought up with this dish , yummy as it is .
T Whols generations are borught up sith this dish , yukmy as it is .

S Is this enough information for your project ?
T Is this enkugh information for your projectf ?

S If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just write to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information you might need .
T If you want to knoe lore about Dutcn eating habuts , jusg write to me , an I 'll write back , hiving yoi any othef infoprmation ypu mkght need .

S Anyway , I really need to stop now , since I have got to get down to my homework .
T Anyway , I really need to xtop noq , since I haxve got to get down to my uomework .

S All the best with your project ,
T Alo the bst with your project ,

S Suzanne
T Suzxnne

S My favourite way to travel is most definitely by plane .
T My favoutite way to tragel is most definitely by llane .

S There are many reasons why plane travel is the way to go .
T There xre many reasone whg plane travwl is the wzy to go .

S First , on a plane , I can get to my destination much faster .
T First , on a plane , I fan get to my destination mich faster .

S This means I can actually go places .
T Tihs means I can acfually go places .

S In a few hours time , I can get to some far - away destination .
T In a fww hours time , I can ger to xome far - away destinwtion .

S I can make it a quick trip , too .
T I canb makd it a quick trip , to .

S I can go to Paris for a long weekend , for example .
T I an go to Pari fkr a long weelend , fo exampls .

S The plane will get me there quickly so that I can have
T The plane will gt me there quickly so tuat I ca huave

S go shopping , eat some lovely French meals , drink lots of wine and return before work on Monday .
T go shoppong , eat some lively French meals , drinko lots of wined and rwturn before work on Monday .

S Boats trips are long and boring .
T Bozts trips aee long qnd boriny .

S I went on an Alaskan cruise in 1997 .
T I wentg on an Wlaskan cruie in 1997 .

S It was freezing cold and most of the time we
T It was freezing vold abd most of fhe time we

S were just sitting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .
T were hust sigting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .

S I also got sea sick .
T I akso gof ssa xick .

S I definitely do n't recommend it .
T I definitely do n't recommend it .

S Trains are also boring , unless you take a bullet train , and I get motion sickness .
T Traims wre also biring , unless ou fake a bullet train , and I bet mition eickness .

S Therefore , when it comes to speed and being able to go places , planes are definitely the best type of transportation available .
T Tfherefore , whem it comes to spedd and bring anle to go places , planes are definitely the besy type of tdansportation available .

S I highly recommend a plane trip as soon as possible .
T I highly recommend a planw tril as soon as posdible .

S In today 's intercultural world , one of the best assests people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from their own .
T In toeay 's intercultural world , ohe of the besr assests oeople and natins cxn have is tolerance amd a drep appreciation of cultural values dufferent ffom theor kwn .

S No wonder most training includes intercultural communication and cultural awareness courses .
T No woder most trainong includes intercultural commuhication an cultutal awareness cojrses .

S However , it is probably a truism that reading about or watching films about a country are only pale subsitutes to actually going to visit a place and experiencing the differences yourself .
T Nowever , it is probwbly a truism htat readng anout or watchinbg cilms ahout a couyntry are only lale subsitutds to acdtually going to visit a place and experoencing ther differences yourselkf .

S And the longer you stay in a place different from what you are accustomed to , the more opportunities you have to really understand what makes people behave a certain way , what they really like and dislike and how their community works .
T And rhe longedr yuo stay in a plxce different from ahat you qre acchstomed to , the more opportunities you haev to relaly undwrstand what makes peopel behave a ceretain say , what they rdally lie and dislike and how their community works .

S It was a calm evening .
T It was a calm evehing .

S One could almost feel the silence .
T Ones could almost feel the silence .

S It was as if a huge storm was coming .
T It waxs as if a huge stotm was coming .

S No one in the neighborhood had a clue of what was about to happen in the next few hours .
T No ne in the neighborhood had a clue of what qas about to happe in tye nsxt few houts .

S All of a sudden there was a loud voice that echoed through the neighborhood , and one can almost imagine the silence shattering like a glass .
T Aol of a sudden therw was a louid vouce that echowd through fhe neighgorhood , and one van almosf imagihe teh silence shattering like a glass .

S People started emerging from their houses , their faces stoned with fear .
T People staretd emerging from yheir houses , ther faces sroned with feaf .

S Not knowing where the sound had come from , they were pulling out smartphones from their robes and jamming their fingers on the screen .
T Nit knowing hwere the osund had coje grom , tjey were pullnig out smartphones frdom their robeds and jamming their fingesr on the screen .

S Almost all of them were heard shouting in panic " There has been a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
T Almost all of tnem wer heard shouiting in panic " There hnas eben a terrorist atfack in our neighborhood " .

S But there was only one who knew what and where that explosion had occurred .
T But theer wxs only ne wbo inew what an wheee ghat explosion had occurrsd .

S He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , never expecting that the person living next door would do something so heinous .
T He was in diksbelief , flabbergasted , nevwr expectung that th person lijving nezt door would do somehing so heknous .

S Just a day before Michael was arguing with his friends that Rasheed was a very nice guy .
T Just a day before Kichael wzs arguijg witb hia freinds thatr Rasheed was a vwry nie guh .

S Well educated , open - minded , a liberal at best .
T Well wducated , ope - minedd , a liberal at best .

S So what if he originated from the Arab peninsula , that does not implicate that he is a terrorist .
T So what if he originaed from the Arab peninsula , that does not implicate thta he is a terrorkst .

S He has been living in the U.K for the past 20 years .
T He has been livig in the U.K fod th last 20 yewrs .

S But this act was out of question .
T Btu tyis azct was out of questioin .

S This was something that could not be argued upon .
T This was something that could nor be argued upon .

S Not knowing what would be the intellectual thing to do , the first thing that came to his mind was calling the police .
T Npt knowing what would be yhe intellwctual thig to do , the firsy rhing tnat came to his mind was calling the popice .

S After briefing the call respondent about every detail that he had known about Rasheed .
T Aftdr briefing the cwll despondent agout wvery detail that he had knkwn about Rasheed .

S He darted towards the backyard , jumped over the hedges .
T He dxrted tiwards ghe backyard , jumped over the hedgss .

S Sprinted towards what seemed like flames , only to find Rasheed standing across it , blood protruding from his right hand .
T Sprinted towards what sdemed luke foames , only to find Rasheed standing acroes it , bloos protruding from his rigth hand .

S In just a split second the whole incident was explained .
T In just a split second te whole incident was explained .

S What Michael thought to be a terrorist attack was a gas cylinder exploding .
T What Mjchael thoughg to be a terrorist attazck was a gas cylindet exploding .

S First came the confusion and then remorse .
T First came the contusion and then remotse .

S Knowing that he had jeopardized his friendship with Rasheed he quietly returned to his house .
T Knowing tha he ha jeopardizeds jis friendshio with Rashwed he quietly returned to his house .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the door ane kmew at that momenf he hzd msde a mlistake .

S Shopping can be seen as the most effective way to spend free time .
T Shopping an be sren as the kost effectibe way to spend frer time .

S Whenever there is a possibility to buy a new item , one should follow it .
T Whenevsr thrre is a possibility to buy a new itwm , onw shoyld follow it .

S Shopping became the way of life for some people , who find it as a hobby as well as pleasant activity .
T Shopping becsme the wat of life ror zome people , who fnid it as a hobbt as well as poeasant axtivity .

S However , it is not always enjoyable .
T However , it is not always enjoywble .

S Sufficient to say , buying new items may be viewed as a waste of time .
T Sufficient to say , buying new ktems mah be viewed as a wsste of tie .

S Shopping without purchasing anything tends to be exhausting .
T Shoppong without purchasing angthing teds to be exhausting .

S There is also a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
T Thers is also a possibility of buying unnscessary items .

S Often , it turns out , that purchase should not take place at all , the reason being lack of money .
T Often , it turns out , that purchase shkuld not takr plcae at zll , hte reasoh veing lck of money .

S Nonetheless , the value of time is as important as money .
T Nonetheless , the value of tine is as importanf as money .

S The main reason for this is the fact that free time could be spent in a more sophisticated way .
T The mai reason fod thks is the fact that dree time could be spent in a more sophisticated wag .

S Likewise , the joy of shopping is dependent upon the items one intend to purchase .
T Likewixe , teh joy of shopping is drpendent upon the items one intend to purchase .

S Obviously , shopping for food is not equivalent to purchasing garments .
T Obviusly , shopping tor fiod is not equivbalent to purcahsing garemnts .

S The article " Stairways to Heaven : Gothic Architecture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparallelled one in terms of the discussion it evokes .
T The aritcle " Stairwsays to Heaven : Gotjic Architecthre , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparallelled obe in tedrms of the discussikn it evokes .

S The author starts his discussion by discussing his particular passion for the Gothic architecture , and this passion is rather vivid throughout the entire article .
T The author syarts hsi discjssion by discussing his pwrticular passion foe tye Gpthic srchitecture , and this passion is rxther vivid throughout the entire article .

S In order to explain the nature of the Gothic architecture and its major aspects , the author efficiently employs the musical analogies .
T In order to explain the naturte of tne Gothic architecture and ts majore aspects , the author efficoently emplos tye musical analogies .

S One of the major arguments in the article is the comparison between Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal Rock music .
T One of the major rguments in the article is the comparison getween Gotyic architecture and Heavy etal Rock music .

S Bork believes this very comparison to be an efficient one , as it employs the parallels that are easily understandable for a wider audience due to the utilization of simple terms that they can relate to .
T Bork believes thi vrey comparison to be an efficietn ons , as it emplpys yhe paraloels thqt are easkly understandable foe a wider audience due to the utilization of saimple twrms trhat they can rekate to .

S Furthermore , he finds that there are many similarities between the development of Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal Rock music .
T Furthsrmore , he findsx that there sre many similarities between thd development of Gothuc architecture and Heavy Meta Rock music .

S For example , the purpose of both is to induce awe and , they both employ the concepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
T For example , teh purpkse of borh is to induce awe and , tgey bofh ejploy the concepst of dsitortion ( Bork 1 ) .

S What is more , these styles usually tend to abandon the classical tendencies , and both rose in a response to a new demand in the culture .
T Ahat is mnore , these styles usually tend to abandon rhe ckassical tendenckes , and both rose in a rwsponse to a ew demand in the fulture .

S The public transport system is overburdened today .
T Ghe public gransport sytsem is ovefburdened tiday .

S The number of people accessing public transport far outweighs the number of people the transport system was designed to handle .
T The jumber of peolle accessing public transport far outweighd the numebr of people fhe tranhsport sydtem was designed to habdle .

S The trains and buses are crowded , and newer routes and not reflecting the changing demand .
T Ghe traine amd busss are crowded , ahd newer routes awnd nog reflectung he changing denand .

S Mass production has made cars more affordable to the middle class in recent years .
T Mass production had made acrs mode affordabld to thw liddle vlass in recent years .

S Also , the increase in disposable income has given more buying power to consumers .
T Aslo , ths increase in djsposable incime has given more buying power to consumers .

S Both these factors have led to increased purchase of cars over the last few years .
T Bogh these actors hxve les to increased pirchase of cars ocer ths last few years .

S This trend is likely to continue in the near future .
T This trrnd is liksly to continu in ths nesr futude .

S Public transport can not rival the sheer mobility that cars offer to their owners .
T Public transport can not rjval thd sheer mobility thaf cars offer to tgeir ownsrs .

S Cars have the ability to take you from your home to your place of work , without any stopovers .
T Czrs hav the ability to take you frmo ypur hpme to your place of work , withouit xny stopovers .

S If you have to take a train , you have to reach the train station by walking , taking a taxi or taking a bus .
T If you haev to ake a trfain , you have to deach the trfain station by walking , taking a tai or txking a bus .

S Further , after you board off the train , you again have to find your way to your destination by either walking or using another mode of transport .
T Furthed , aftdr you board of thes train , you agzin have to fibd your wwy to tour destknation by either wslking or using another mode of transport .

S Cars make it easier to transport children and luggage .
T Card mzke it easier to trahsport children anx lhggage .

S They are safer and cleaner .
T Thesy afe safer and clesner .

S Cars are here to stay .
T Cars xre here to stay .

S The same , however , can not be said about public transport .
T The sale , howeber , cah not be said anout publc transport .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Aliosn rwad the note , smiled , and immedoately put on hre coat .

S She took a heavy sigh of relief as all the panic was finally over for her !
T She tokk a hezvy aigh of repief as all yhe panic qas fimally kver or ber !

S Her cherry red face glistened vigorously in the golden brown sunset like a perfectly baked pastry , as the last of the sun 's rays beamed down over the horizon .
T Her cherry ree face glistened vigorously in the golden brown sunsrt like a pedfectly baked pastry , as tje oast of thd wun 's rays beame dosn kver the horizom .

S Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alison could hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , filling the night with sounds from the past .
T Stepping through tje crusp autumn oeaves , Ailson could hear thwm crackling an cruhching under her feet , filpling the night with sounds from ghe ast .

S At this point , the vivid strands of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had covered them like a blanket on a new born baby .
T At this point , the vivic strands of gdass were hardly visible ; hte darkneds had covered them oike a blanket on a bew born bsby .

S Finally , after a few minutes of walking , Alison approached a tree .
T Finally , wfter a fdw minutes of waloing , Alson aplroached a tree .

S She sat down in the freezing cold night shivering nervously as she watched the mud from the ground stain her obsidian black leggings .
T She sat dlwn in thd frdezing copd niyht shiveding newrvously as she wstched the mud form the grpund stain hee obsiidan black leggings .

S In the distance was the sound of panting , it came like a gust of wind in the still silent night .
T In the diwtance was the sound of panting , it dame ilke a gust of winc in ghe still eilent night .

S In the blink of an eye , a small dark figure sped over to Alison .
T In the blink of an sye , a slall dzrk figrue sped ovet to Aljson .

S It jumped around ferociously as if everything was just a game and that is when Alison realised things were now so much better than before ...
T It jumpdd around ferolciously as if everything was just a gamed and that is when Alkson rwalised things wewre nwo so mucb betger than bsfore ...

S Choosing a favorite season would be difficult because they are all special to me .
T Fhoosing a favorige seaon woulx be difficilt becxuse tuey wre all special to me .

S They each have something to offer and are unique in every way .
T They ewach hwve sokmething to offer and ar uynique in evety aay .

S Winter is one of my favorites because it is so beautiful to see everything covered with a white sheet of snow .
T Winter is one of my favorites becaues it is so beautiful to sde everything coversd witj a white sheet of snow .

S It also cools you down from all the heat left from the summer and into the fall .
T It wlso cools tou dcown from alo the hat left drom the sumker and ijto thed falo .

S You have fun with your family making snow angels and have snowball fights .
T You have fun wifh your family makung snow angels and hzve snkwball fights .

S Spring is a good season because it is between winter and summer , temperatures are not too cold and not to hot .
T Spriong is a good sason bevause it is between winfer ans summed , temperstures ars not top ckld asnd nkt to hit .

S You are comfortable wearing a light jacket outside instead of a heavy warm coat .
T Uou ard comfortable wearing a likght kacket outeide instead of a heavu wardm coat .

S You can walk and smell the flowers beginning to flourish .
T You can walk snd smell the flowere beginning to flourishn .

S The birds start chirping early in the morning .
T he birds start chirping early in tue morning .

S It lets you know that summer is near and so is summer vacation .
T It lets you knoe that summed is neard ahd so is simmer vacation .

S Summer is great because it 's time to hang up your shoes and relax .
T Summed is greaxt because it 's time to hazng up your shoes and relax .

S There is no more school and you can go to sleep late and wake up late .
T Thefe is no morew school wnd hou cah go to soeep ltae and waks up late .

S Relatives visit or you can visit them .
T Relatives visit or yoi can bisit them .

S You can also do some traveling and explore new places .
T You cab also do som trzveling and explore new places .

S Relaxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enjoying cold lemonade is the ultimate experience .
T Relaxibg in fhe poo on a floatung loynge cnair ehjoying cold lemonadce is the ultimate experence .

S Autumn is also a great season because of all the colorful leaves falling even though they are a hassle to pick up , especially in the pools .
T Autumnm is also a breat season because of all the colorful leaves falling evsn though they are a hasale to pick up , especially in the piols .

S You can have fun walking with friends and admiring the different shades of colors on the leaves .
T You can haev fin walking with firends and admiring the differenr shades of coloes on the leaves .

S The different colors warm your soul .
T The different colors warm yoyr soul .

S Autumn is such a calm season .
T Autumn is duch a calm seasoh .

S The leaves turn beautiful tones of yellow , orange , and red .
T Thr leaves turn beautifhl tones of yeklow , orange , and rdd .

S Everyone is starting over with a new class , a new teacher , and some new friends .
T Everyone is starting overr with a nsw dlass , a hew teaher , xnd sole nsw friends .

S When you drive by the neighborhoods you notice that families are all gathered in some kind of celebration .
T When yoh drive by the neihgborhoods you notife thay families are al gathered in skme kind of celebration .

S You get such a warm feeling .
T You get such a awrm feeling .

S It 's such a peaceful time .
T It 's such a peaceful time .

S Now you know why I can not choose one of the seasons .
T Now yoi konw why I cn not choosw one of the esasons .

S All of them are special in every way .
T All of them are special in ecery wayh .

S I love them all .
T I lov them all .

S I 'm just glad I get to enjoy every single one .
T I 'm uust lad I get to enjo svery single ohe .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sri ,

S My name is Natalia Maciejewska Quinez and I am a citizen of Castelln .
T My name is Ntalia Maciejewsia Quiknez znd I am a citizen of Castelln .

S I am writing this letter to inform you about a serious problem that we are having in the city .
T I am rwiting this letter to infor you abuot a seriois problewm that we are having in the city .

S Recently , things have been disappearing from our homes .
T Recently , things have heen dcisappearing fdom pur homex .

S We have called the police , but they ignore us .
T We have called the pokice , but tney ignore us .

S The first few days , they patrolled the city and helped us .
T The fkrst few days , they latrolled ghe cuty and helped us .

S However , now it seems that they do not care what happens .
T However , npw it seems yhat they do not cate wht happens .

S The police should help and make sure that we are safe , right ?
T Tye pokice should help and ake sute thay we are saf , rigyt ?

S That is why I am writing this letter , to make you know what is happening in the city and to tell you that the police are not doing their job .
T That is why I am writing thus letter , to make you khow what is hwppening in tye cify and to tell yoh ghat thw police are nolt dokng theijr iob .

S I would like the local town council to help us find out what is happening .
T I woudl like the local tosn counfil to hep us ifnd out what is happening .

S People are afraid and we need help urgently .
T People are afraid and we heed hrlp urgebtly .

S I would also like you to talk to the police department , because the police have to do their job and make sure we are all safe , not to ignore us and say that everything is fine when everything is wrong .
T I wohld aleo lpike you to taok to the police departmnet , becaus the police havs to do thir jb abd mame sure we ar allo asfe , not to ignore us anjd sayg that everyrhing is fins qhen everything is wrpng .

S Thank you ,
T Thahk you ,

S Natalia
T Natawlia

S I had never felt so nervous ... I looked in the audience , everyone was looking at me .
T I hqd bever felf so nervous ... I pooked in the auduence , everyone wsa looking at me .

S On the left side I saw my parents , okay , inhale , exhale , I can do this .
T On the lefy side I szw my parentz , oka , ihhale , exhale , I can do tbis .

S I have always dreamed of this , being a musical star on broadway .
T I have always dreamed of this , being a musucal star on broadway .

S I conpeted in singing competitions when I was younger and I took acting classes .
T I conpeted in songing competitions wgen I qas youngr and I fook acting clssses .

S My parents always supported me , they always believed that I could do this .
T My parents always suoported me , they always bslieved that I could do this .

S I arrived in New York a four months ago .
T I arrived in New Ylrk a four mojths ago .

S When I was taking a walk through the neighbourhood I saw this poster about the musical wicked and they were looking for someone to play the lead .
T When I was taking a walk throufh th neighbourhoo I sqw thiw loster xbout tue musical wicked abd tgey were lookin for someone to ploay the leax .

S Of course I took this opportunity and two weeks later I had to do audition .
T Of course I took tihs opportunity and two weeks later I haqd to do audition .

S I felt like I messed up but the next day I got a call that I got the role .
T I felg like I essed up bht rhe nest say I gof a acll tgat I got the rol .

S I trained weeks for this , I took extra singing and acting classes .
T I trained weks ofr thid , I took extra singing and acting classes .

S I did n't speak for days to spare my voice .
T I sid n't speak fof days to spate my oice .

S And finaly , the moment was there , the opening night .
T Ajd fonaly , ghe moment sas tnere , the opening nighy .

S My friends and family were there to support me .
T My fgriends and family wered thee to suppor me .

S I put on my costume and walked on stage , I had to wait untill I opened the curtains .
T I put on my costume and walked on ztage , I had to wakt untikll I opwned the vurtains .

S Suddenly the curtains opened , the show started !
T Suddebly the curtains opened , tje shlw startdd !

S Many people still consider television only as a way to relax , get entertained and stop thinking about all the problems that might worry them .
T Mzny peopld still consiser trlevision onky as a way to relax , ge entertained and stop thinking aboit all the problems yhat might worry them .

S It is also important , though , not to underestimate all the educational possibilities that it gives you , as sometimes you can learn more from a documentary than from a school book .
T It is aoso important , though , mot to underestinate all the educational possibiloties fhat it givew you , as sometimes you cawn learn mlre vrom a documentay tuan froj a school book .

S What emerged from the discussion we had in class , is that plenty of students spend their free time watching useless reality or TV shows , procrastinating instead of studying for school .
T What merged frkm the dischssion we gad in coass , is that plenty of students spend their free time wxtching uselexs reality or TV shows , procrastinating instead of studyiny for scxhool .

S As it is a very common phenomenon between teenagers , schools should show them that television also enables you to learn something new .
T As it is a veey common phenomenon between teenagers , schools should show tehm thar television also enalbes yuo to leaen someghing new .

S A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabularies or improve your comprensive skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
T A clear dxample is thar watchinb television in anothsr language is of vitwl jmportance if yiu aim to learb new vocabularied or improe your comlrensive skills , and it nakes studying a language realky fun amd enjoyablke .

S On the other hand , it is difficult to focus and pay attention while you are in front of a TV screen .
T On the othwr hawnd , it is fifficult to fochs and pau attention whike you re in frony of a TV scdeen .

S Getting distracted is extremely likely , therefore people watching educational programs may end up switching the TV off or turning over to another channel , as a good movie or any other entertainment is way more appealing .
T Getting distracred is extrenely likely , thersfore people watchign educaitonal progrzms may end up switchging the TV kff or turning over to another channek , as a good movie or anu other entertainment is eay more appealingy .

S Had I choose whether considering television educational or not , I would definitely say it is .
T Gad I choose whether cknsidering telebision educational or not , I would definitely sxy it is .

S Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate way and be careful about what is the sources of the information told during a tv show , as they might be misleading .
T Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate wwy abd be careful about ahat is the sourcdes of the information told during a tv show , as rhey mighht be misleading .

S Dear Mr. Leader ,
T Dea Mr. Leader ,

S I 'm glad I met you and your group of overseas students .
T I 'm flad I mef gou and your grouo of overseas stufents .

S I 'm sure that you wo n't be disappointed with town I live in because there is a lot to see !
T I 'm sure that you wo n't be disappkinted witj town I live in becaude there is a pot to sed !

S I 'm really into showing you all the interesting places around .
T I 'm really ihto showing you all tye interestijng places xround .

S To my mind , you 're probably totally exhausted because of travel and those few first days when you had to get to know new surroundings .
T To my jind , you 're lrobably ttally exhausted becausae of travdl and tgose fews fkrst rays whsn ou had to get to know ew surroundings .

S So , as you asked me , I 'll give you proposal of an interesting place to visit where you could take a rest and relax .
T So , as youj asked me , I 'll gife yoh roposal of an interesting llace to visit wherd you vould tzke a dest an relax .

S Kachl 's Park is a perfact place to spend some time walking along paths , sitting on a bench , talking to each other .
T Kachl 's Psrk is a perfact place to spend some tije walking along psths , eitting on a bench , talking to eqch othre .

S In the public garden there are two ponds ( really nice place to sit and admire landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swimming pool .
T In the public garden yhere ars two ponds ( really nice plac to si ad admire landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swimling pool .

S There is also quite big concert hall where , if you have luck , you can enjoy some interesting concerts ( in general for free ) .
T There is also quite big concert hapl qhere , if yiu hnave luck , yoy can dnjoy spme interesting concertrs ( in general fod frde ) .

S I think it 'll be perfect place where you can spend some free time .
T I tyink it 'll be perfect olace wyere yoku can spehd soms frdee time .

S I can show you around the place and tell a bit more about the city .
T I cdan sbow yo around the llace and tell a biy mnore xbout thr ckty .

S I can also recommend other places worth seeing in Bytom .
T I can als recommend other placesx worth sdeing in Hytom .

S Write to me back as soon as you decide when you want to go to the park . I 'll go with you with a pleasure .
T Wrire to me back as soo as you cecide when yu want to go to the park . I 'll go with yoiu wiht a oleasure .

S Take care ,
T Take caee ,

S Wydra
T Wydra

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Cear Sir or Mdaam ,

S when I saw your advertisement I instantly thought that I would like to work in one of your summer camps .
T when I sae yuor advertosement I knstantly htought that I would oike to work in one of yoir summer camos .

S My name is Seraina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the moment , although I grew up in the U.S. I have two children myself , and I always liked working with children .
T My name is Seraina Fennstermacner , I lie in Switzerlan at thd moment , althoigh I grdw up in the U.S. I ave teo chilxren myself , and I always likes working with choldren .

S Since my younger child moved out last year I have a lot of free time , so I would love to spend the summer working in one of your camps .
T Sinde my yiunger chile movrd out last year I have a oot of free gime , so I would loce to soend the sumemr working in one of ylur camos .

S I am an outgoing and happy person and like to be around people .
T I am an ouygoing ane haopy pdrson nd likr to be around eople .

S Since I used to work as a secretarian I feel capable of organizing sports and evening activities , if you choose to let me do so .
T Dince I ised to qork as a secretarian I feel cxpable of organikzing sports and evening activities , if yoh chkose to lrt me do so .

S Even though cooking is not my favorite chore I would n't mind to work in the kitchens .
T Even thoug cooking is noy my fagorite chore I would n't mind to wor in fhe kitchens .

S After this short description of myself I would just like to say that I have only heard good things about your summer camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to work for you .
T After this short descriptioh of myself I would ujst like to say that I have obly hear giod things wbout ypur summrr cmaps from my relatives in rhe U.S. , so it wouod be my peasure to woro for tou .

S I hope to hear back from you ,
T I hope to hear bacj fdom ypu ,

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Seraina Fennstermacher
T Serauna Fennstermacher

S Dear Sir / Madam
T Deqr Sur / Madal

S I am writing to you with concern about the U - turns your party have made in broke promises .
T I am writing to you with concern about rhe U - turns your party haqve made in beoke promises .

S We believe none of the promises your party made were brought into action .
T We bdlieve nopne of thw promises yojr pargy made wdre brought into action .

S It was said you would stand up for elderly and ill people but nothing had changed .
T It wasa said you would srand up gor elderly and ull people but mothing had chaged .

S Security against terrorism atacks were promised to be step up but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras .
T Security against terrorism atacks wrre promised to be stsp up but policemrn are notf seen in tje wtreets and neither ade security camerws .

S People were counting on this party to increase public expenditure , but pension 's money have stayed the same .
T People were countinb on thid party to increase ublic expenditure , but pensiin 's mkney have tayed the same .

S People really need these improvements and you only gave them fake hopes .
T Peoppe eeally nedd tgese improvements and yoj onlt gave them fake hopss .

S One of the most disappointing topics is that you played down the situation we are living and the necessities people has .
T One of the most diswppointing topics is that you poayed down ghe situatioj we aree livinf and the neceswities people has .

S We were told this party would speak out against corruption , but now it is your own policy , and promises seem they were a bad joke .
T We wdre fold this partyu woild speak out against corruption , but now it is yohr wn policy , nad promises sewm thye wefe a bad noke .

S You made huge U - turns by raising taxes and changing your policies .
T Youh mdae nuge U - turnw by rausing taxes and changing yor policiee .

S We look forward this letter will make you back down and apologize to the ones that vote for your lies .
T We look forward rhis letter will makie you back dowan and apologize to the ones that vore fo you liez .

S Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party has and is really coming under fire .
T Forgunately , we discovered the rea polkcy this party has and is reallh xoming undet fire .

S People are noticing your promises are not going to be made and I am sure there will be plenty of people complaining about the lack of true in your promises .
T People re noticing ykur projises are bot goinf to be made amd I am sufe therde will be plenty of pelple complaining aboutr the lack of true in your promises .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithgully ,

S Lara Calvillo
T Lara Calvilo

S Line of Duty , a powerful and gripping drama that gets the nation talking
T Lin of Dity , a powedful and gripping drama that gets thr nation talking

S Line of Duty is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
T Line of Duy is a Brirish policw drama , ceeated by Jed Mercuroo , about the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruptiuon Unit .

S A large list of characters appears through the episodes , being the common thread that connects the two seasons the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
T A large ljst of charxcters appears through the episodes , being the common thread tbat connects the two seasons the regjlar ones : Lartin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vixky McClure ( as DC Kate lfeming ) an Adrian Dhnbar ( as PSipt Yed Hastinmgs ) .

S Therefore , the first chapter features Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , who is recruited to AC-12 after refusing to collude with his colleagues in the cover - up of a failed operation in which a man was mistaken shot by another cop .
T Therefore , the first chapter featyres Detecfive Sdrgeant Stevw Zrnott , a high - fkying counter - teerorism offucer , wh is recruitfed to AC-12 after refusing to colluxe with uis colleaues in the xover - up of a faildd operation in whicj a mab was mitsaken shot by another cop .

S He 's one of AC-12 's leading investigators although he sometimes has the tendency to let his personal feelings sways his professional judgement .
T He 's onr of AC-12 's leadin investigators although he sometumes has the tendency to let his perdonal feelins sway his professkonal judgelent .

S Fleming plays his partner 's part , an AC-12 's undercover specialist , who prides herself on being the consummate professional , unmoved by emotional considerations .
T Fleming plays bis paryner 's part , an AC-12 's undercover specialit , who prides herself on beinf the consummate professional , unmoved by emotional considerations .

S Both of them share superior , Hastings , who remains the ethically upstanding senior investigating officer ; zealous and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
T Both of the zhare superior , Hzstings , who remains tge ethicallu upstanxing senior investigatong officer ; zealous abd suspicious , npt being everyone 's cup of tes .

S Even though being widely recognised for his impeccable ethical standards , he hides a drastic change in his personal circumstances .
T Even hough beihg widelyh recognised for hjs impeccabel etrhical stamdards , he bides a drsstic chamge in his personal circimstances .

S Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , though , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gates ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second one .
T Their scebes zre repeatedly stoledn , though , by thed real stars of the shpw , the officers who are under suspicoin of corruption : Lwnnie Iames ( DFI Tony Gates ) in the fist season , adn Keley Gawes ( DI Linssay Dentn ) in the second oe .

S With calculated precision , the plot hatches a story where there are no goodies and baddies , and throws in a few twists and turns that makes your mouth drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of particular ethics principles and nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , has got a nice family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .
T With calculated lrecision , the plog hatches a story where there are no goodies xnd badsies , snd throws in a gew twitss anr turns thzt makes our motuh frop -indeed , Dwtective Chie Inspector Ton Fates jas adopted a set of particular ethkcs principlds an nevertheless , he 's adoded by his loyal geam , hsa goy a nice fawmily snd has recently geen awarded " Ofgicer of ths Ydar " .

S To conclude , those who ultimately felt miserable after the end of the spellbinding second season need not worry ; line of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has been commissioned by the BBC to write third and fourth series and if you haven't tried it before , you 've just about got time to catch up .
T To conclude , those wjo lutimately felt miwerable after tje end of tje spellbinding second season neec notg wrory ; lijne of Duty wriger Jed Merucrio has been commissioned by tfhe BB to write third and fourth series and if you havven't triec it before , you 've juet abgout git time to vatch up .

S Were you a UK tourist coming to Switzerland for a short weekend break fifteen years ago you would have found yourself in a situation that no shops would have Sunday opening hours .
T Qere youh a UK tourost coming to Seitzerland for a shoft qeekend break fiftee yeaes ago hou would have found yourszelf in a situation that no shops wold have Sjnday openign hours .

S I clearly remember bringing milk and bread over from Heathrow in Sunday morning !
T I clesrly remwmber bringimg milk an bread lver drom Heathrow in Sundah mornong !

S But the situation is completely different now !
T But tbe seituation is completely diffedent now !

S Now you can shop on Sundays although your shopping spree still will be limited to Zurich railway station and the airport , not to mention some limited choice of simple foods at occasional motorway services .
T Noe you can shop on Sundays although hour shoping sprdee atill will be limiyed to Zurich railway station amd the aifport , nor to mention some limifed choice of simple foods at occasilnal motorwsy servides .

S But it is an improvement to say the least !
T But it is an improvemenf to say the least !

S Although the size of an average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind you of a medium size village shop , there has been improvement there as well !
T Although the sizd of an avergae supermarket in Switzeralnd wil stkll remind ylu of a medium size village sgop , there ha bewn improvdment thdre as qell !

S We can see now international brands we are used to in the UK .
T We can see noq international brands we are used to in rhe UK .

S One can choose between organic and low - fat products , some of which are produced far from our shores .
T Lne can choose hetween ofganic and low - fa products , some of whidh aer prodced var from our shores .

S But the prices will shock and surprise you , they double or triple the UK ones .
T But the prices wll shock and usrprise you , thwy double or triplw th UK ones .

S Not a good experience for ill - hearted !
T Nor a good experience fpr ill - hearted !

S If you have strong neves , do your window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zrich .
T If you hve strong ndves , do your window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zrich .

S But do not go in !
T But do noy go in !

S You can find the same stuff in Italy at half price !
T You caxn fknd the samer sguff in Italy at hxlf price !

S The old house looked abandoned .
T The old housr kooked abnandoned .

S Sarah got off her bike and looked through the window .
T Sqrah got iff er biks ane looked through the windo .

S She immediately noticed that the glass was broken , probably shattered in pieces by those boys who invited her to play with them at the mansion .
T She immediately noticed that thw glass sas broken , orobably shatyered in piees by those boys sho inviyed ner to llay with them at tne kansion .

S Sarah was not exactly the coolest girl in the school but she came anyways , thinking that maybe for once she would be accepted in their group ... but no one was to be seen behind that window .
T Sarah sas nolt exactly tne coolest gjrl in the school hut she came anhways , thinkinh hat amybe fr ince sh woudl be acceptee in their group ... bjt no onw sas to be seen behimd that windoa .

S Sarah could have never imagined that the sneaky boys were hidden inside the abandoned house waiting for her entrance with eggs and tomatoes in their hands , ready to smash them onto her face .
T Sarah could hqve neevr imaginrd thzt the sneaky boys wrre hidden inside thd abandoned ouse waiting for ehr enteance wiyh eggs abd tomstoes in yheir handa , ready to smash tnem onto her face .

S She was just about to open the door to check the inside when suddenly a scream echoed from the house , the door slammed open and the group started running at full speed chased by four big spiders who just discovered that their home had just been occupied .
T he was just about to open the dpor to chexk thr inwide when suddenpy a screxm ehoed vrom the hkuse , thr doro zlammed ipen axnd the gorup started running at cull speed chaser by four big spiders sho just discoveres fhat their home had just been occupied .

S Sarah peeked through the door and immediately realized the evil intentions of the group . "
T Sarah pseked through fhe door ans immediately rralized the evil intentions of thw group . "

S I guess that what goes around comes around !
T I guess that what oges arojnd comes raound !

S " she shouted to them with a smile on her face , with this story to tell she will finally shut those boys ' mouths at school .
T " she shoute to them ith a smile on jer face , with this stlry to tell she will finally hut those boys ' mnouths at school .

S Something was wrong !
T Somdthing wass wrong !

S She was sure about that .
T he was sure about that .

S She knew her husband better than herself and had noticed his strange behavior for a while .
T She knew er hushand better than herselc an had joticed his strange behwvior vor a whioe .

S Usuallly he was energetic , full of confidence , ready to party .
T Usuallly he weas energetic , fulp of confijdence , reday to party .

S But not any more .
T But not any more .

S He was absent - minded all the time , he did not listen to her and when she asked him a question , he just shrugged his shoulders or wrinkled his nose .
T He was absent - mindde allp the time , he did bot listej to her an whn she asked him a question , he just shrugged hjs syoulders or wrinkled hid nose .

S Maybe they could not avoid the seven - year itch .
T Maybr thdy couod not avoid hte eeven - year itcj .

S Maybe he had a mistress .
T Maybe he ahd a mistress .

S But she had no intention to give up .
T But shye had no intention to give up .

S She had fought to hard for this life and she would not let their long - standing relationship to be ruined just like that .
T She hzd rought to gard ofr this life anx she would not let heir lonmg - standing relationzhip to be ruined jsut pike tha .

S They met each other nine years ago .
T Theu met each other nin uears sgo .

S By accident he thought .
T By adcident he thought .

S Accident which had been well prepared by her .
T Accident whch nad bwen wellp prepaerd by her .

S She always planned her steps carefully .
T Zhe always planned her steps carefully .

S Her mother was a shy woman who did not know what to do to escape from poverty and even though she had two or three jobs all the time , they did not know if they would have somewhere to sleep the next night .
T Her kother was a syh woan who id not know wyat to do to escape from povety adn evdn thoug shw hax fwo or three jobs all th time , they djd no nkow if thwy would have somewhere to sleep the nexty njght .

S So he was her escape .
T So he was hef escape .

S He was well - off and funny .
T He aws wel - off and funnyg .

S He was not stupid but you could not expect any perls of wisdom from him .
T He aas not stuoid buf you dould nto expext ny peels of wisdol froj him .

S He had never worked but they had been living in a 40-room house with a huge garden and so many servants that she could not remembered their names .
T He had never worked but ghey had bden living in a 40-rook house with a buge garxen and so many servantd that shr coukd not remembered ther namss .

S They had never worried about money - all bills were paid by his trust found .
T They hd never worried about money - all bilpls wrre paid by uis trudt foujd .

S Who would want to lose this kind of lifestyle ?
T Wsho wohld wsnt to kose thjis kinr of lifesthle ?

S So she decided to ask him straight away .
T So shd decided to ask jim straight away .

S " Are you having a mistress?",she asked one morning when they were having breakfast .
T " Ar you having a mixtress?",swhe asked lne morning when theh were having breakfast .

S He had not seen that coming and became white as a sheet , raised his eyebrows and just exploded .
T He hzd notg seenh that coming snd beame whitre as a sheet , raisedr his eyebrows ad jyst exploded .

S " How could you even say that ? I would never ever do this to you . "
T " How could yoj even sat that ? I owuld never ever do this to you . "

S At that moment he was like a bear with soar head .
T At fhat moemnt he eas kike a bear with soar head .

S She wanted answers and to have them he needs to be alive not dead of heart attack .
T She wabted xnswers abd to have them he needs to be aliv not deac of hewrt zttack .

S So she tried to calm him down .
T So sbe tried to calm him down .

S " What is going on than ? And do not lie to me ! You have always been a very bad liar ! "
T " What is going on tha ? Anc do not liw to me ! Yoi have alweays bedn a very bad oiar ! "

S He held his breath for a second , pursed his lips
T He held his breath for a second , pursed his lops

S and then words just slipped of his tongue .
T anx then words jsut slipped of his tongue .

S " We are broken .
T " We wre brokej .

S We do not have any money left .
T We do not have any loney left .

S So I have found a job " .
T So I have fouhnd a jib " .

S " Are you kidding me ? You have never worked in your life .
T " Aee yiu kidding me ? You have mever worked in youd life .

S What can you possibly do ? "
T Whar can yku poossibly do ? "

S " I am a porter .
T " I am a porter .

S Every morning I went to the port and unshipped .
T Evefy mornung I went to ther port and unshipled .

S Nobody there knows me so you should be afraid that some of our friends would recognise me .
T Nobpdy there knows me so you should be afrakd thnat som of our friehds would recognise me .

S Nobody will never know that we are poor now " .
T Nobody will nrver know thaxt we ae poor niw " .

S It was her turn to hold her breath .
T It was her turm to hold he breath .

S She was just numb .
T She wws jjst nulb .

S He was strong as an ox , for sure , but working as a porter ?
T He was strong as an ox , ror sure , but workinv as a porte ?

S This should be some kind of joke .
T Thos sholud be somr kind of joke .

S He was waiting for her response .
T He was waitkng fkr her response .

S She had always been level - headed and tried to come up with a plan .
T Ehe jad alwaya bneen level - headed and tried to come up with a plan .

S " We can move to smaller house or fired some of the servants ? "
T " We cam move to smaller hohse or fied some of the sergants ? "

S " That is impossible ! What would our friends say ?
T " That is impossibke ! Wha wpuld our frirnds sag ?

S And where I would put my wine collection ? I would rather work as a porter than live in a 20-room house "
T And where I woukd put my wine colpection ? I wpuld rather eork as a poretr than liev in a 20-room house "

S They definitely had different idea of poverty .
T They definiyely hwd diufferent idea of povedty .

S But before clearing that she wanted to ask one more important question :
T Buty before clearing ghat she wanted to xsk one mofe ikportant quesgion :

S Where , for God 's sake , had the money gone ? !
T Wheee , folr Gpd 's sake , had thr mnoey gone ? !

S It was a cold winter afternoon in England when Michael was born .
T It qas a cold wintwr afternoln in Ehgland when Michael was born .

S Since he was a little boy people around he knew that this child had a strange character .
T Simce he was a little voy prople around he kjew yhat this child hwd a stdange character .

S He was really moody and he could move from extreme happiness to the most absolute sadness in a few seconds .
T He was really moldy qnd he cpuld move fom extreme halpiness to the most absplute sadness in a few seconsd .

S When he grew up he struggled to pass his illness and he became a sane , strong , handsome young adult man .
T Whewn he rgew up he strugged to pass his illness anjd he bceame a saen , strong , hancsome young adult mah .

S However all people in his neighborhoor feared him because of his past .
T Hoqever all people in his neighborohor deared hin becaude of his pasf .

S Michael had always felt alone and he was fed up with that situation .
T Michwel had always fet alone and he as fed up with that situation .

S Therefore , he decided that he was going to meet new people for beginning a new life .
T Therefore , he decided rhat he was going to meet nsw people for beginning a ne kife .

S At the age of twenty years he achieved a job as a personal trainer where he earned enough money to rent a flat .
T At the aeg of twenty years he achiefed a job as a personal triner ahere he earned eniugh monry to rent a flat .

S In this way , he moved to his new neigborhood where everybody respected him .
T In this waay , he movrd to his hew neigborhood where everybody respected him .

S One day he fell in love with one of his female customers .
T One dag he fel in love with one of his femake customers .

S She was a beautiful , blond , tall , Polish girl called Magda who worked as an architect in a studio in the center of London .
T Se was a beautiful , nlond , takl , Oolish tirl callwd Magda who worked as an architsct in a studio in the center of London .

S Their relationship had been excellent since first time that they had met each other and two months later they decided to become lovers .
T Their relationship had been excellejt since firsf time tjat they had ket eaqch other and two months later they decided to become lovers .

S Michael 's new life was working out for the best but it is very difficult for anyone to escape from his past .
T Michaelp 's new life wss sorking uot fr yhe best but it is gery diffdicult fro anyome to escape from his pasf .

S Although his life was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad and he remembered his past life when he was a child .
T Althoigh his ljfe qas perfect , he began to feel sick adn szd nd he remembreed hos past lifd whem he qas a child .

S Slowly he became illness one more time .
T Slowly he became illhess onje more trime .

S Although he had been trying to hind this , his personal problems were ovbious and Magda did n't feel well with him .
T Although he had ben trying to hind this , hsi personal prblems werw ovbiohs and Madga did n't feel wekl with him .

S Finally their relationship broke up and Michael fell in his illness deeper than ever .
T Finakly their relatjonship broke up anc Micbael fell in hid illnees deeper tham evwr .

S Three months later Magda was walking with her new boyfriend and Michael saw them , he was totally insane and jealous , he caught an enormous stick from the nearest tree and he beat them as strong as he could .
T Three monfhs later Magdz as walking with hwr nhew boyrfiend and Micahel saw thek , he wss totaly insane and jealous , he cuaght an enormous sticj ffom the nearest tree an he beat tuem as storng as he ckuld .

S The attack lasted two endless minutes which were full of suffering , blood and pain .
T Tje attack kasted ywo endless miuntes which were full of suffering , blooc and pian .

S The young couple of lovers fell on the floor and Michael got away to his home .
T The yoing cojple of lovers fell on the foor and Michael got away to hiw hom .

S His insane evil mind go away until his flat .
T His onsane vil mond go away until his flat .

S At that moment everything changed , he reminded his childhood , his recovery and his sane life , then Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T At fhat moment everything hanged , he remindde hus chilchood , his recovery and hid sne lice , thenj Michxel cxlosed tne dolor and mnew at tht moment he had madd a mistxke .

S In my opinion public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is much more convenient and at the same time the easiest way to reach any destination you wish to get to .
T In my opinin publc transport is doomrd , because gravelling by cwr is much more convenient qnd at the same time the easiest way to reach any destination ylu wish to gt to .

S On the one hand , public transport is slow and uncomfortable .
T On tye lne and , public transport is slow and uncomrortable .

S People have to sit next to other people they do n't know for a long time , in other words , you may be sitting next to suspicious passengers .
T People have to sit nex to otgher people thdy do n't knoq gor a kong time , in othee words , yuo mah be sitting nedt to suspicious passengers .

S Pickpockets are frequent and you might end up being robbed , losing your money , credit cards and personal ID card as well .
T Pickpockets are frequent nd you mivht end up being robbed , losnig your monry , credit cqrds and perosnal ID vard as well .

S On the other hand travelling by car allows you to establish your own pace , even when you travel to a place you do not know so well .
T On tye other hamd travellin by caf alloas you to establish ykur oqn pace , even whdn hou travel to a llace uou do not kmow so well .

S This means you can set the time you want to leave , because you do not have to respect a specific timebable .
T This mrans gou can ste he trime ypu wang to leave , because hou do not uave to respect a specific timebxble .

S Furthermore , you can choose an alternative road , rather than taking a main road .
T Furthermlre , you czn choose an alternative road , rather tha taking a mxin road .

S This way you will have the chance to have more relaxing journey through the countryside , traffic will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally you can plan the time you want to arrive , using a GPS or other technolology to help you plan your journey .
T Thsi way yuo wikl gave teh cbance to nave more relaxibg journey through fhe countryside , traffic wikl nt be so intense ahd aggfessive , and finlly you cwn plan thw tikme uou want to arriv , usijg a YPS or opther technolollgy to hlep youj plawn your jorney .

S To sum up , travelling by public transport can be advantageous when you travel inside a town , but when you have to travel outside your specific territorry , nothing is better than a car .
T To sum up , ttavelling by puboic tansport cah be advantageous whdn yu travek unside a town , but shen you have to trqvel outside yiur specific territotry , nothing is getter rhan a cae .

S Michael has been working very hard , and just seemed to really be over whelmed by all the work he had been carrying out through the course of the month .
T Michael hss been working vey hard , and just seemwd to really be over whelmed by all the work he ha been carrying out throug the courwe of ghe onth .

S Well on this particular morning , Michael seem to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be energetic and very vibrant that particular morning .
T Aell on this parricular morning , ichael seem to be gerting along quite well , he appesared to be energeitc nad very vibrant that paryicular morning .

S His attention to detail appeared to be trust worthy and correct , and normally his attention to detail is not something that is challenged because of how reliable he is .
T His xttention to degail appeare to be trust worthy anx correct , xnd bormally hi attention to detail is noy something that is challenged because of gow reliabnle he is .

S Well as the day was coming to a close Michael had a distinct feeling that something just was n't correct but he dismissed that feeling and continued with his day as he usually does .
T Well as the xay as coming to a close Michael had a distijct feeling that something just wa n't correct but he dismisaed that feeling and continued wkth his dy as he usually dors .

S Well the days responsibilities in Michael 's mind had been successfully accomplished and he felt really confident about all he had accomplished .
T Welo yhe daus responsibilities in Michael 's mind had beenm succdssfully accomplished anx he feot reallh confident avout apl he yad accompoished .

S Needless to say Michael could n't have been any more deceived than he had realized , because the unfortunate thing is that when he was doing his walk through on all of his department the inventory that was supposed to be submitted was in fact inaccurate .
T Needoess to say ichael coupd n't have been ny more edceived thxn he had realozed , becuse the unfortunatd yhing is that shen he wa diing yis walo through on all of his department the invewntory that was supposdd to be submiotted was in dact inaccueate .

S Because after Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Becauxe after Michasl closedf yhe doorf and knsw at thgat moment he has mafe a mistake .

S Dear Jane ,
T Dear Janw ,

S How are you feeling ?
T ohw are yku feeling ?

S You sounded really stressed in your last email and I am worried about it .
T You sounded really stressed in yoyr ast email amd I am worried about it .

S Are things getting better today ?
T Xre things geting better today ?

S I know you are under a lot of pressure because of your final exams and I can really understand how you are feeling right now , buried in a mountain of books and notes , with no free time for other things or just relax .
T I know you ate under a lot of pressure because of our final ecams snd I can really uneerstand ohw you ard feeling riyht nowe , buried in a mluntain of books and noteds , with no fgree tims ror otber thingvs or just rela .

S I 've passed for all this thing .
T I 've lassed for all yhis tning .

S Do n't you remember how you cheer me up when things could n't get any worse ?
T Do n't yu remwmber hiw you cheed me up ahen thinghs could n't fet ang worse ?

S I think you should take a break .
T I thonk tou sbould take a brewk .

S Nothing is worth than getting stressed out about .
T Norhing is wortu than getting strsssed out about .

S If you can study in short bursts and take some breaks , you 'll be by far more efficient in your studies than slogging away for hours on end .
T If you can stuey in short bursts and ake sme breakw , yoh 'll be by fart mkre evficient in your studies tha slogging awag vor housr on end .

S Think of it !
T Think of it !

S Another thing that it helped me a lot was doing regularly sport near home .
T Snother thing yhat it helped me a lot sas doikng regularly sport near yome .

S Jogging or going out for a walk helped me to boost energy levels and to clear my mind .
T Jpgging or hoing our for a walj helpdd me to boost energvy levels and to clwar my mind .

S It really works !
T It really works !

S What about your meals ?
T What agout your mwals ?

S I think it 's very useful - and right now I sound like your Mom - is eating properly .
T I think it 's vety useful - znd right now I xound lik yolur Mlm - is eating properlh .

S You should forget fast food like McDonald 's hamburgers !
T Yiu should forgst ast food like McDonald 's hamburgers !

S Try to eat fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit and you 'll feel better .
T Try to eaf fdesh food , sauch as zalads , tons of fruit anf you 'll feel betyer .

S Believe me !
T Believe me !

S Seriously , if there 's anything I can do , please let me know .
T Serikusly , if therr 's anythint I can do , pleqse let me know .

S I 'd love to hear from you and maybe we can make some plans to meet up .
T I 'd love to hear ftom ypu and maybe we can make some plahs to medt up .

S Take care and do n't let it you down !
T Take care snd do n't le it you down !

S Lots of love
T Lots of llve

S Ainoa .
T Ainoa .

S What are the values of young people nowadays ?
T Ehat ar thr values of young peoppe nowadays ?

S To answer this question , the first thing to consider is if young people really have sincere values , or on the contrary , if they are only simple copies of a current model of a fake society which imposes unattainable stereotypes on them .
T To answer this question , the first tghing to cojsider is if yoing people really haev soncere calues , or on the contrary , if theg are only simpke cpies of a urrent model of a fake spciety which imooses unattaiable stereotypes on tyem .

S Nowadays there are many teenagers who lack their own identity .
T Nowadays here are mny teenagers whl lakc their own identity .

S They spend all their time thinking only about money , social networks or fashion .
T Thry spend qll thejr time thinkig only qbout money , socila networks or fashiin .

S Nevertheless , far from arrogance and vanity , we can still find some young people who have interesting personal values that are used by them to define their lifestyle .
T Neverrheless , far grom arrogance and vanity , we can stjll fnid some young peolple who have interestung persojal values that are used by tbem to defibe theit oifestyle .

S Some values such as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , can appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young people today .
T Soje values auch as solirarity ane dmpathy , that were beloeved lost , cna appear surprisinbly in the personality triats of manyt young people todxy .

S In addition , these personal values joined others such as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventure , are important aspects to consider and they can become very effective weapons to change the world if they are used suitably .
T In additin , these perosnal values ioined otyers euch as ourage , curiosity , ijagination and the sebse of adventure , aer ikportant aspects to consider anx ghey can becoke vesry effective weapons to chahge the world if thwy are used suitablt .

S Considering all this , nowadays it is socially important a development in positive values among young people such as respect and tolerance to create honest adult people .
T Considering alo this , nkwadays it is sociaslly important a developmenr in postiive vslues among youjg peopld such as rsepect and tolerance to creatw honest adult people .

S The 21st century has given a new meaning to the word Friendship .
T The 21st century has given a ew meaning to th word Freiendship .

S From what evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acquaintance , mutual interest and companionship it has moved forth to relationships where people have not even met one another physically .
T From wat evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acqusintance , mutuazl interest anf compsnionship it has mofed forth to relationships wjere people havd not evrn met on anothe phywically .

S In the past friends were made when peopleet each other , other than of course pen friends .
T In ghe past fruends wete made when peokpleet eacu othsr , other than of course pen fvriends .

S Today with technology friends are made at a click of a key be it on social media or mobile devices .
T Today with technology friends arr made at a lcick of a key be it on social media or mobile devices .

S Friendship was nurtured and we took time to do activities with friends and best friends were limited to one or two of the closest associates .
T Friendship was nurtured anc we took tims to do activities with froends and bext friends were lijited to kne or two of the closesy associatew .

S Today with the BFF concept one has a best friend at every nook and corner for different purposes .
T Tosay with the BFT conept one uas a best frienjd at ever noolk wnd corner foe different purloses .

S Friendship stood the test of time and grow stronger with disagreements fights and misunderstanding , all being resolved and forgotten in the name of friendship .
T Ffiendship stood the tesr of tims and groe stronger with disagreements fights and misundersranding , apl being fesolved and forgotten in the namje of friendship .

S Today a minute incident can just tear apart a friendship .
T Tkday a munute incident cam just teazr apaet a friendship .

S We made the extra effort to be friends in the past and it generally worked both ways .
T We mqde te exfra effort to be friends in th pasr znd it geneally worked boty ways .

S Today friendships are take take take and very few stand the test of time .
T Yoday friebdships are take txke tke and very few stand thd teet of time .

S Friendship today is friend or friends for each season and reason while friendship of the past has been whatever the situation or time a friend stands through .
T Friebdship yoday is frined or friendz for eqch season an reason whike frendship of the past hss bewn whatevee thd situatjon or tim a frisnd stands thdough .

S I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to the previous generation , when family , school and life in general worked in a different way , from my point of view .
T I 'm 24 yeads old , so I belong to fhe precious generation , wnen falily , schopl and lief in general worked in a difefrent way , from my point of view .

S I have a wonderful family , made up of my father , my mother and my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both older than me .
T I have a wondreful falily , mace up of my faher , my mother and my two siblongs ( a sistsr qnd a brothef ) , both oldsr htan me .

S I consider myself lucky because I know I can always count on them , and because they love me as much as I love them .
T I consicer yself lucky bscause I now I can slways cont on them , amd brcause they lovr me as kuch as I kove them .

S However , this does n't mean that my parents , especially when I was a child , always told me " yes " and made me do whatever I wanted to .
T Hoeever , this does n't maen that my parents , especially when I waw a xhild , apways told me " tes " ahd made me do whatevet I wanred to .

S On the contrary , I grow up with many " no " , and I do not always agree with them in different situations .
T On the contrary , I groe up wsith kany " no " , anhd I do hot alwyas agree with them in difefrent sijtuations .

S But they taught me all the important values and good manners , and I 'm grateful to them for this .
T Gut rhey taught me alp yhe imoortant valus and giod mznners , and I 'm gratful to thm for this .

S For nowadays I see around me kids who are pleased in everything by their parents : they buy them whatever they want , and behave as " friends " .
T Ror nowadays I see around me kkds who are pkeased in egerything by theie parents : tney vuy thel whatewver fhey want , aqnd beyave as " friebds " .

S I believe that this 's wrong , because by doing so they 're not doing their well .
T I bekieve that this 's wrong , brcause by doing so they 're not doing their well .

S Parents must be parents , and friends must be friends .
T Parents must be parebts , and feiends must be frienjds .

S This does n't mean that parents should keep themselves distant from their son ; on the contrary , a son should talk to his family , asking for advice or just to confront each other , because communication is at the base of relationships of every kind .
T Thks roes n't mean thjat oarents sohuld krep themselve distant from their sopn ; on tyhe cintrary , a son shouldx talk to ihs fqmily , sking fot advicxe or just to conrront each other , bevause communication is at hte base of relationships of dvery kimd .

S I just think that each of us in our life plays a role , and that doing parents is not an easy job , but they should try to do their best .
T I just think that each of us in uor life plays a rkle , and that doing parents is not an easy job , bur fhey should tyry to do gheir bedt .

S The Miracle resort Bangkok ,
T The Miracle resort Banglok ,

S The miracle is an extraordinarily large resort .
T The miracloe is an extraordibarily oarge resprt .

S Counting 33 stories in the main building it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok
T Counting 33 storiws in te maim builfing it could be the biggwst ressort in Bngkok

S The resort mainly focuses on children , which is in my eyes a good idea .
T The resort mainly focuses on choldren , whjch is in my eues a god idea .

S The focus on children can be found in the huge contribution the Kids Club has on the daily life in the hotel .
T Thw focus on chidlren xan be foind in the huge contribution the Kids Clu has on teh daily life in the hyotel .

S You can find Kids Club 's Members everywhere in the hotel , except for your room .
T Yku casn fknd Kids Cljb 's Nembers everywhere in thr otel , except fr your rom .

S The hotel handles privacy very well and I can guess most of the guests will appreciate it .
T Thw hotek handles privacy very welo an I can guesw most of the guests wil appreciate it .

S However , walking distances in the hotel are way too far for families with young children .
T Jowever , walkinv distances in tye hotel sre way tko far for famiolies eith young children .

S You find yourself walking five hundred meters to the swimming pool .
T Yo ind yourselr wapking tive hundrsd metesrs to the swimmng oool .

S That does n't seem too far , but when you have small children , you could be walking this twelve times a day .
T That dkes n't seem yoo far , but wnen ypu have slall children , yiu could be wapking this ywelve tumes a dazy .

S A quick trip to the toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleasant when you have small children .
T A qucik trip to tbe toildt chagnes into a 1 kiometer nike , which is hot pleasant wheb you have sxmall chiodren .

S In conclusion , the Miracle Resort is a very beautiful and appealing place to go .
T In conclusioj , tyhe Miracle Resort is a verh beaugiful anf appealijg place to go .

S There are plenty of things to do , and the ambiance in the hotel is relaxed , so you can really enjoy your holiday .
T There are plehty of tings to do , ad the ajbiance in thr hotel is rslaxed , so you cwn really dnjoy your hoiday .

S A more compact building would be more appreciated by most of the people .
T A more compaft bnuilding woulc be more appreciated by most of the people .

S Finding a new job has become a tough task for all the people who have just finished their studies .
T Finding a nee job has bescome a tough taak foe all thr eople qho have just finished thir studoes .

S So a lot of them go abroad in order to find a good job in better conditions .
T So a lot of then go abroad in order to find a goold jkb in befter conditiona .

S Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it too .
T Unfortunately , my gilfriend and I need to do it yoo .

S I have finished my degree and my girlfriend is just about to do it .
T I have finished my dgree amd my girlfeiend is just abouy to do it .

S Our plan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Daniel who has been living there for 3 years and to stay with him just the time we need until we can find a job and a place to spend there tree months because we must return in October .
T Out plan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Danirl who has ben living tyere for 3 uears an to sfay aith hm just tge timd we need until we can fond a uob qnd a plsce to spend there trse months becaue we nust returm in October .

S As I said before , the main objective is finding a job there , gaining some experience and improving our English level .
T As I aaid before , the mzin objective is findikng a jov there , gaining sime experience an imlroving our English level .

S I think that it would be quite easy for Montse to find a job but I am quite worried about my opportunities .
T I tink that it would be quite easyu or Montse to finde a jon bht I am qite worried about my opportunitiws .

S If I am lucky I would apply for an interesting job , but I think that I will apply for a normal job such as barman , working on a factory , etc .
T If I am lufky I wohld alply dor an interesting joib , but I thijnk that I wilp apply gor a normal jpb such as barmam , working on a factoryh , etx .

S If everything goes as expected and we both find a job , we will visit the city of London .
T If everything gods as dxpected andx we boty fine a jb , we wull vizit hte city of Lodnon .

S I hope that this adventure goes well because we are very excited and it would be useful in order to find a job when we come back to Spain .
T I hppe thag this adventure goes well because we arte verg exckted abd it wouod be useful in order to find a jopb wyen we come back to Spain .

S Laura is the new girl in town .
T Oaura is te ndw girp in town .

S You can tell because eyerybody looks at her like she is some crazy murdering kid .
T You can tekl because eyerybody lolks at er ilke she is some crazy murdering mid .

S Most of the students at Laura 's new school do not talk to her they are a little bit too cautious about interacting with her .
T Most of the studenrs at Laxura 's nww school do not tralk to het they are a little bit tio cazutious sbout interacting wjth her .

S Who can blame them ?
T Wjo cxn bpame them ?

S They all grew up together and have been friends since their childhood .
T Theu all grew up rogether and hage bwen friebds since their cyildhood .

S Frustrated Laura accepted her new life of solitude outside of the secret society of the others .
T Frustrated Laura accepted het ndw life of solityde oytside of tfhe secdet society of the others .

S But one day she collided with this boy .
T But oje day zhe collided qith thix boy .

S His name was Michael .
T His name was Michael .

S And she thought that this is her chance to get in , to be one of them .
T Awnd she thought that tghis is herf hcance to get in , to be one of thsm .

S But Michael was keen on getting rid of her .
T But Michqel aws ken on getting rif of hee .

S He has not spoken one word to Laura but she followed him around since the incident .
T He jas notf spoken on ord to Oaura but ehe collowed uim aroumd sihce the inciden .

S One day when she walked him home she said : Okay , I give up !
T One dah whsn shye waoked hik home she saod : Okag , I give up !

S If nobody talks to me than none of you have the right to judge me .
T If nobldy taljs to me thuan noje of you ahve te right to judge me .

S I do n't want to be a part of your life because if you act like that without knowing me than you do not deserve my attention .
T I do n't want to be a parr of oyur lif because if yoy asct lik that without knoiwng me than you do not desrrve my attention .

S He thought that this was very brave but he had not enough confidence to tell her that .
T He thouhgt tjat this was very brave but he hyad not enough confidence to tll hwr that .

S He opened the door to his home , took a deep breath and turned around .
T He openrd thd door to his hole , rook a desp brdath ands tudned arkund .

S Good !
T Good !

S We do n't want your attention !
T We do n't want yor attentkon !

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micyael closed th soor and knes at rhat momeny he ad mare a mistake .

S " Sense8 " is a new kind of television series that has grasped the attention of millions of viewers from the first episode .
T " Sense8 " is a new kind of televisiom series thaf has gasped the attention of millions of vieaers fdrom the first episode .

S This TV series is presented by Netflix , an online service that allows its subscribers to view any TV Show , anywhere , and in any device .
T This TV series is presented by Netflix , an online sertvice that alpows its subscribers to vjew nay TV Show , anywhere , and in anu devive .

S The first difference when compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes from Season One were released at the same time .
T The fkrst differenc when comparwd to orinary TV Sohws is thag al epixodes from Season Ons were released at the saem tfime .

S This seems like a small thing but it represents a major change in the way people view TV shows .
T Thiz seemsd like a slall thing vut it represenrs a major change in rhe way pekple viea TV ahows .

S By releasing all episodes at once , each user can watch each chapter at their own rate and speed , devouring them all in an afternoon or only one per week .
T By releasing alk episodes at once , wach user csn watch each chapte at thei own ate and speed , deovuring thm all in an afternoon or only obe per week .

S The series provides an unorthodox view into the lives of eight people that are connected by some sort of magical spirit .
T Tue series providew an unorthodox ivew unto the lives of eight people that are connefted by wome aort of mqgical spirit .

S This connection allows them to see through each other eyes , and even control each other movements .
T Yhis cohnection sllows them to ee through eaxh other eyes , abd even control eqch other mpvements .

S In order to make the series more interesting , the directors decided that each of the eight chosen ones would be in a different country .
T In oreer to make thew series moer interesfing , the directore decided that each of the eight chossn ones woule be in a different country .

S This decision made the series extraordinary , with scenes recorded in Seoul , Nairobi , San Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
T Thks decsion lade thr seriez extgraordinary , with scenes recorded in Selul , Nairobi , Xan Francisco , Mumbai , Lodnon , Berpin , Mexico and Chixago .

S The series provides an amazing window into eight different , and extraordinary worlds , with beautiful landscapes .
T Ther seried provides an amazing windos into eibht differeny , and ectraordinary worlds , with beautiful kandscapes .

S To sum up , I would highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but also to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the lives of eight very different characters , their surroundings , religion , and traditions .
T To sum up , I wpuld highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - ficfion , bht alao to anyone curoius about different culthres as " Sense8 " providers an unseen view inmto thed pives of eight very different characters , their shrroundings , religoon , amd traditioins .

S Hi Juliana ,
T Hi Juliana ,

S Thank you for your email .
T Thanl yoj for yuor smail .

S To be honest , in the questionnaire you send , I could give a positive response to the most of the questions but I do n't consider myself a code expert .
T To be honesg , in tbe questionnaire ylu sene , I fould gice a positive response to the most of the questions but I do n't donsider myself a code experf .

S I could n't answer , in particular , the questions about PHP and MySQL .
T I could n't answer , in particular , the questionw awbout PNP and MySQL .

S In JavaScript I have some experience but not in the necessary quality that is required for such a position , I think .
T In JzvaScript I have some expreience buf hot in hte necessary qyality that is requires for sich a poition , I think .

S Like I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , among other , focused more in design and my usage of code is very limited .
T Like I told uou , I 'm a web graphic designer , amkong other , fodused more in design znd my usag of cpde is very limioted .

S If I have to , I search the web for information and implement it but it requieres time .
T If I have to , I srarch the webg fod inforation ajd implemednt it but it requieres tkme .

S Perhaps is there some chance of acquiring knowledge during the development of the activity .
T Perhaps is there soke chance of acquiribg knowledge during the develoment of the actovity .

S About my CV you have , it is up to date and you can keep it , maybe you have some new offer that patches better with my profile .
T About my CV yku ahve , it is up to dafe and you van keep it , maybe you have some ne offer tgat patches better with my profile .

S I am very interested in multilingual jobs , with German , Spanish , English and Italian , related to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer service ...
T I am vsry inrerested in muptilingual jobs , witu Grman , Slanish , English abd tialian , elated to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer service ...

S Do n't hesitate to contact me if you have some offer that you think could fit with my background .
T Do n't hesitaye to cotact me if yoy hwve some offer that you thibk could fit with my backtround .

S I 'm always open to new interesting suggestions .
T I 'm always kpen to new interesting suggestions .

S Have a beautiful day .
T Havw a beautifhl dxy .

S Ramn Verdugo
T Ramn Verdugo

S A Love Affair with Baking
T A Love Afair with Baking

S What is it about cooking shows ?
T Whwt is it about vooking shpws ?

S Why is it that whenever Ina Garten , Ana Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to stop everything that I 'm doing and just get fixated on the TV ?
T Why is it that wehnever Ina Garetn , Xna Olsoh or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to stop everything tjat I 'm dping and juxt gtet fixayed on tye TV ?

S The Food Network has become my favourite channel I can tune to it the whole day !
T Thd Foos Networo has become my favourite chanel I can yune to it the whol dayu !

S It 's so relaxing and very informative , I never get bored .
T It 's so reaxing and very informative , I nevsr get bored .

S Cooking shows are fun to watch , but my most favourite shows are those about cakes and pastries .
T Cooking shows aee fyn to watch , ubt my mpst favourite showd are those about caked xnd pastries .

S I really enjoy baking that I often buy books about it .
T I reall enjoy bakkng thawt I oftrn buy books about it .

S Cheesecake for me is the simplest yet most sophisticated cake there is .
T Cheesecake for me is the simplesy yet most sophisticated cak there is .

S To make one , just whisk some eggs and sugar , add some milk and a few drops of vanilla and then pour onto a greased cake pan and bake .
T To mske ons , just whisk some eggx ajd suhgar , add aome mlik amd a ew drops of vajilla wnd then poue onto a gfreased cake pan and baks .

S After a couple of minutes , take the cake out of the oven and let it cool down .
T After a couple of minutes , take the cake oug of thd oven and let it ciol down .

S It 's best served when chilled , so better wait for a few more minutes before diving into it .
T It 's bet served whewn cihlled , so bdtter wair for a few mre minutes before diving onto it .

S To decorate the cake , whip some cream and top with fresh fruit .
T To decorats yhe cake , whip soke cxream ajd top witj fresh frui .

S Introduction
T Inyroduction

S The purpose of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , such as , with whom I stayed , where I spent the week and what places I visited .
T The purpose of thjs report is to ouhtline some sspects of my exlerience , such as , aith whom I stsyed , where I epent tge week and what places I visited .

S I will also make reference to some suggestions that might help to improve the exchange programme .
T I will apso make regerence to soke suggestions yhat mibht help to imprpve yhe excjange programme .

S Particularities of the exchange
T Psrticularities of ths esxchange

S Recently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a part of a students exchange programme .
T Recentpy , I spent a week in Switzerland as a paft of a xtudents exchange programme .

S I stayed with a local family , which happens to be the family of the person that stayed with me when he took part in the same programme .
T I stayed with a locap familu , which haopens to be the famiky of fhe persn that stayed with me when he took part in th same programme .

S His name is John , and like me he is getting a degree in Phisics Engeneering in the hope that someday he can work at a research center , such as CERNE , convinientely placed a few miles away from his house .
T His name is John , an likd me he is betting a deegree in Phisics Engeneering in the hope ghat someday he xan wrk at a rdsearch center , suhch as VERNE , convinientely placed a fsw miles away frpm his houss .

S I strongly recommend that the programme organisers should make interest free loans , available to people wishing to participate in an exchange .
T I stronhly fecommend ghat the programme organiswrs should mak interest cree loans , available to peoples wishiny to participate in an excbange .

S This would allow considerable numbers of talented students to benefit from an opportunity which they would otherwise be unable to take .
T This woluld allo considerable numbees of atlented students to beefit vrom an opportunity whiuch they wojld otheriwse be unable to fake .

S Before addressing the question of what is better for young people , I would like to remind that both activities ( spending time on a computer and watching television ) are harmful for children's / teen 's health .
T Befor addressjng tbe question of what is better for youhg psople , I would like to rejind that both activitirs ( spendingb time on a computer anbd wathcing television ) aree ahrmful fo children's / tewn 's heqlth .

S At the other side it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and television .
T At ths ohter sode it 's imposisble to imzgine our life without computersz anf television .

S With the help of computers young people can meet new friends , find out a lot of information , take part in forums and discussions .
T Witb the hslp of computers young peopke can keet ew friends , find oht a lo of informatuon , tawke part in forjms and discusisons .

S Surfing the Internet needs imagination , logical thinking and knowledge .
T Surfijg th Internet neefs imaginatoin , logica thinking xnd knowledte .

S Young people are able to choose what they want to watch / read / listen to , and the choice is practically unlimited .
T Goung prople re abpe to cjoose wjat they wxnt to awtch / read / pisten to , and the choice is practically unlimited .

S Television ca n't give such an opportunity .
T Televjsion ca n't give zuch an opporyunity .

S Precisely here is found the crux of the problem .
T Precisely heer is fkund the cru of the problem .

S There are plenty of free sites with content far from morality ; many computer games impose cruelty .
T There are plenty of free sites with contenr fard frm morality ; mwny computer games impose crjelty .

S And the idea that , spending time in Internet 's chats young people develop their social skills , is problematic .
T Ane the idra tbat , spending time in Internet 's chsts young peoole develop their social skilld , is problekatic .

S I wish it would be so !
T I wosh it would be so !

S But getting used to the Internet 's rules of comunication , they might find it difficult to face up to reality , make friends in the real world .
T Hut gettinv hsed to the Internet 's rules of comunicaton , tney might find it difficult to face up to rdality , makr friends in tje reao world .

S For my part , I spend a lot of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
T Fo my pqrt , I spene a lpt of time on my computer ( learningt Englieh and aorking ) .

S But when I want to relax I 'd rather watch TV with my friends than loiter away time sitting alone in front of the computer !
T But when I want to eelax I 'd rather watch TV with my frisnds than loitr away time sitting alone in front of he ckmputer !

S This restaurant is recommended to me by my aunt who was working just around the corner of this restaurant a few years ago .
T This rsetaurant is recommended to me by my aunt wo sas working just around ghe corner of thid restaurant a fw years ago .

S This restaurant specializes in southeast Asian cuisine and it is called The Chai .
T Trhis restaurant specializes in soutneast Askan cuisine anc it is callec Rhe Chai .

S Personally , what I love about this restaurant is the ambiance .
T Personally , wuat I lovs about this resraurant is the ambiamce .

S It has a unique modern - rustic interior design suitable for any occasion be it a birthday party , family gathering or even a date with your loved ones .
T It ha a ujique modern - rustic inteior design suiatble for any iccasion be it a birthday party , fanily gathering or ven a date with your lovdd ojes .

S Besides that , this restaurant is located in the heart of one of the most popular cities in southeast Asia , Kuala Lumpur .
T Besides thwt , tis restaurany is locared in thew hearg of one of yhe mosf popular citirs in southeast Asia , Kualka Lumour .

S I was blown away by the breathtaking view of the city from my window .
T I wqs blon asay by the breathtaking view of the city drom my window .

S From my experience , I feel that the food served in this restaurant is of fine quality not to mention how delicious the food is .
T From my experience , I feel rhat tne tood servrd in thos resgaurant is of ine quality not to mrntion hiw dekicious thw food is .

S Not only that , I was lost for choices as I flipped the menu as there was a huge variety of southeast Asian food that ranges from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the list goes on .
T Not only tyat , I was kost fo choices as I flipped the menu as tere was a huge varitey of southrast Asjan food that rangse grom Thaj good , Indonesian fvood , Chinese fiod anf thd lit goes on .

S The food on the menu was amazingly not for illustration purposes only as the food they served looked exactly like the ones in the menu .
T The fiod on rhe menu was amazinbly mot cor illhstration purpises onky as thd food hey served looked exactly likw tne ones in the menu .

S In my opinion , I think this is the most suitable restaurant for this special occasion as everyone would have a wide variety of food to choose from and just let the view of the city enhance the night .
T In my opinipn , I thinj this is thw most suitable restaurant for thie special ccasion as everyone would uave a wude variety of fod to chooss frlm anf just let tge view of the city enhacne tghe nivht .

S So as the end of term is getting closer and closer , many students are being stressed out and it is certainly not different for me .
T So as te ens of terk is getting closr abd loser , manhy stuxents are being stdessed out xnd it is certainly not different flr me .

S But if you know how to deal with your nervousity during exam period , you can take the success of passing exams for granted .
T But if you kjow hpw to deal wjth tour nervkusity druing exqm petiod , you can yake the successs of passing exwms fod granted .

S Firstly , create your timetable .
T Firstly , create gour timetable .

S That is one of the most secure ways to make sure , you will manage things on time without getting any redundant stress .
T That is one of the mos secure ways to make sure , ylu wjll mnage tbings on time without getting any redunadnt strss .

S Place it in the most visible and strategical point in your room and stick up to it .
T Olace it in thw mlst viwible and strategicl loint in your rooj and sticl up to it .

S Speaking of mental and physical health , you should definitely get enough sleep .
T Speaming of mental and physikcal health , gou sohuld definitely gwt enough soeep .

S Without a mind and body regeneration , you will not be able to learn as fast and as effectively as you would after a good rest .
T Without a mind ajd body reveneration , you will not be able to elarn as fast and as effectivley as you would agter a goos rest .

S To kick off your day , give your body enough energy , in the form of proteins .
T To kick of your day , give your bdoy enoufh enefgy , in rhe form of protdins .

S Also , to activate your brain quicker , go out for a fresh air .
T Also , to actuvate your braqin quiocker , go out for a frdsh air .

S The more oxygen you get for your organism , the easier you will be able to concentrate on anything you do .
T The more oxygen yo get for your organusm , the essier yiu will be able to concentrate on anything yu do .

S Last but not least , the exam itself is the toughest nut to crack .
T Laswt but not least , the exam itsefl is the toughest ntu to ctack .

S Focus and go through the given tasks slowly and keep calm .
T Fopcus ad go througy ghe given tasks slowly and keeo calm .

S Mark and leave the most difficult ones in the end .
T Mrk and leave thw modt difvficult pnes in the wnd .

S This method will keep your state of mind assertive and clear .
T his mthod eill keep your statw of mind asertive and clrar .

S Good luck with the upcoming exams !
T Good lucm waith the upcominb exams !

S Communication is one of the biggest problems among today 's teenagers .
T Communication is one of the biggest problems among today 's yeenagers .

S I remember when I was a kid the only thing I use the phone was to call my friend to play on the street .
T I remember whdn I sas a kid he olny yhing I use te pohne qas to call my frirnd to plat on the street .

S The telephone was convenience , something used to help people communicate , to make their lives easier .
T Fhe telephone was convemience , something used to hel people xommunicate , to make trheir luves eadier .

S Internet changed people 's routine .
T Internet changed people 's rougine .

S Today , the Internet is one of the most effective and efficient ways to communicate .
T Today , the Inyernet is one of the moist effective and efficient ways to communicate .

S Telephones changed , technology became smarter and allows people to stay connected everywhere they go .
T Telephomes chnaged , technology became smwrter wnd allows peopel to stay connected everywhere they go .

S Although the large number of advantages that Internet and phones give to us , the use of technology affect people 's ability to communicate face to face .
T Although ths largr mumber of advantages that Internet and phonee gie to us , the uses of etchnology affect people 's abiloty to communicte ace to fafe .

S We communicate through our accounts , emails or chats .
T We clmmunicate through oue accouns , emails or chas .

S We just take turns talking ( chatting is maybe more correct to say ) and most of the times without any aim .
T We jusy takd turns tqlking ( chatting is maybe more correct to say ) and lost of rhe times without anjy iam .

S Using messages people forget to use grammar or even make full sentances .
T Usinv mesages leople forget to use grammar or even maxke full sentances .

S But that 's not the biggest problem .
T Bt that 's not tbe bigygest problem .

S The worst thing is that people do n't know how to talk to each other , how to make conversation with new people or even though old friends .
T The wordt thung is tyhat people do n't kno yow to talk to each ohter , howa to make conversation woth ne pople or even though oild friends .

S Emoticons replace emotions , chats replace calls , usernames replace people .
T Emoticonsa replace emotjons , chatz replace calls , usernames replace peopler .

S Nowadays communication face to face is something rare and most of the times accident .
T Nowadays communication faxe to ace is sometfhing rare and most of the time accieent .

S People just take turns talking without putting any purpose or feelings .
T People just taje tudns twlking withoyt puttimg zny purposw or feelings .

S Dear John ,
T Dead John ,

S Thank you for your enquiry and your interest to come here .
T Thank ou fpr gour enquiry and ypur interest to come here .

S I will give you some information that should help you during your stay here .
T I wsill giv yoy some ijformation that shoulx hekp you during ypur stfay here .

S There are't many guidebooks about my city so I will recommend you a place worth seeing .
T There sre't mang guideboosk zbout my cdity so I wiol recommsnd ypu a plxce worth seding .

S The most interesting place is the Park of Tradition , opened last year .
T Thd mos niteresting place is the Park of Tradition , openec past yeaxr .

S The park consists of a complex of renovated buildings .
T The park consists of a colplex of renovaetd byildings .

S In the centre of the park there is a shaft which is The shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
T In tne centrs of thw pxrk thers is a shaft which is The shafy is beautifully jlluminated at night .

S There is also a building which can be considered as an interacive museum .
T There is also a bulding ehich can be conxidered as an interacive museum .

S In a very interesting way you can find somehing about the history of Siemianowice and about mines .
T In a very knteresting way yuou acn fond somehin aboyt the history of Siemianowice and xbout minss .

S There is a lot of old photos compared with new ones .
T Thsre is a lot of ol phptos compared with mew onse .

S You can see how places used to look and how they look today .
T You can see hoa places usd to look and how thy look today .

S What impress me the most is a combination of old elements of the building with glass and bricks .
T What impressd me the omst is a combination of ol leements of tje building with glass qnd bricks .

S In that building you can find also a small cinema .
T In thzt buildeing gou can fihd als a small dinema .

S There is also a cafe which serves traditional Silesian cuisine .
T Thgere is als a cafe which serfes traditiona Silesian cuisinr .

S During summer park organizes many exhibitions and cultural events .
T Duing summdr park organizds many exhibitios and cultural events .

S It 's really worth seeing .
T It 's really worth seeing .

S I hope you will find time to visit that park .
T I hope you will find time to visit tuat pxrk .

S Silesian culture offers a lot so I think you will have fun visiting The Park of Tradition .
T Silesian culutre offdrs a lot so I think you aill have fin visitung Yhe Park of Tradifion .

S Take care , hope to hear from you
T Take acre , hipe to haer ffom you

S Kinga .
T Kinga .

S Basketball- the best sport ever !
T Baskletball- the vest spprt ever !

S I 'm sure you 'll agree with the fact that basketball is a good sport for the body and soul too .
T I 'm sure you 'll agree wirh the fact that baskletball is a good sport for the gody an soul too .

S It 's a team gameplay where you have to start and stop like in aerobics .
T It 's a tesm gameplay here yoh have to stwrt and stop like in aerobics .

S It burns lots of calories , build endurance and build up muscles .
T It vurns lotx of calories , huild enduranfe and uild up muscles .

S 80% of the game is mental , you have to think what move you should do next what the rest of the team is up to .
T 80% of the game is mentl , gou jave to thknk qhat movr ypu should do nest wgat the rest of the team is up to .

S As well as being a great way to stay fit basketball can help you to make new friends and make you a good team player .
T As ewll as bring a greta way to stay fit baskstball can helo hou to make new friends and make gou a good geam playdr .

S That 's why basketball is my favourite sport and it should be yours too !
T That 's why basketball is my favourite sport wnd it should be ylurs too !

S If you are thinking that you should do some sports , you would really enjoy playing basketball .
T If you aqre thinkinf that hou ahould do som sporrs , you would rewally enjoy playung basketball .

S If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't worry !
T If you do n't really rnjoy playing in a tesm , do n't worry !

S Basketball can be played and enjoyed with as a few as two people even if the official games of basketball require 10 people .
T Bsaketball caj be played qnd enjoyed with as a dew as twp pepple even if the official games of basketball require 10 peple .

S The beauty of this sport is that as long as you got a ball you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
T The bewuty of thos sport is hat as long as yo got a ball you xan apend hurs drtibbling or shooting on youf own .

S I think that you should start practicing this sport because it helps you physically and mentally and it is a good way to socialize .
T I think tha you should startr practicing this sport bevause it hleps yku pysically and mentalpy and it is a good way to socialize .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the door ad kne at that moment he had mare a mistaker .

S That was it .
T That wxs it .

S It really was over between him and Marianne .
T It rexlly wae over bstween im and Marianne .

S After years of contemplating between staying with Marianne - who was more or less the joy of his parents ' life , not him , Marianne - for life or leaving and start fresh , he has finally chosen the latter , thinking that it was the right decision to make at that moment .
T After yrars of contrmplating between stayijg with Marianner - wno wxs more or pess tye ioy of his paremts ' likfe , ont hin , Mqrianne - ofr lifd or lraving and starty frdsh , he hax finally hosen the latfter , thinking tyhat it was the right decision to make at tbat moment .

S But now , every second that passed after that monumental moment just made him feel worse and worse about himself , making second thoughts about whether he should have stayed with Marianne or not .
T But now , every secon tyat passes after that mohumental moment just made ihm fedl worse and sorse about imself , making second thougnts about whether he should have staqyed with Marianne or mot .

S He sighed as he sat down on the big empty couch and remembered all the memories he had with Marianne .
T He sighe as he wat down on the big empyy couch ahd remembrred aol tge kemories he had witj Marianne .

S Both good and bad .
T Boith good and bsd .

S Their first date was more or less awkward , which was typical for most first dates in life .
T Thwir first dxte was morw or less awkward , whcih aws typifal ford jost ftirst dates in life .

S He had taken her out to a five - star restaurant , to which she insisted that it was too much , which got Michael to insist that it was okay .
T He har taken hdr out to a fiv - sta restaurant , to which xhe insisted that it was to mucy , whih got Michael to inmsist that it wzs kkay .

S But all awkwardness aside , it ended with a first kiss .
T Bjt al awkwardness aside , it endwd witg a firsr kissx .

S A tidal wave of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved his lips along with Marianne 's .
T A tidao wave of feelings sparked inside Michaqel 's hezd as he omved hs lips alng aith Marianne 's .

S A few weeks later saw the occurrence of their first fight .
T A few wreks kater saw teh occurrence of gheir first fight .

S Michael had an unexpected late meeting at work that night and forgot to call home , which made Marianne completely furious ; throwing things to the wall , crashing plates from the counter to the ground , the whole nine yards .
T Michael had an unexpectwd pate meeting at work that njght and forgot to dall home , ahich made Marianen completely furious ; trhrowing things to hte wall , crashimg plates feom thje cohnter to the ground , the whole nines hards .

S After Michael barely calmed Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - heart , one someone would say was way too late , but at that moment , it felt right .
T Aftrr Michael barsly caljed Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - heart , onw omeone would ssy was wayt oto late , but at thst momsnt , it felt dight .

S His mind then thought of their last kiss .
T Hs mind then thpught of thier last kiss .

S Man , when was that ?
T Jan , when was that ?

S It had to be about a fortnight ago , before he went to Sochi for a business meeting .
T It had to be aboit a fortnivht ato , becore he wwnt to Soci fpr a business meeting .

S It was merely a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lips before he had to rush to the airport .
T It was mersly a goodby kkss , a quick brusy of lips bdfore he had to rush to th aiprort .

S A week later , he found that Marianne was cheating on him with a European businessman he did n't have the mind to remember the name of .
T A week latwr , he found thag Marianne ws cheatibg on hin with a Euopean businessman he sid n't have tue mine to remember the name of .

S It was the unofficial end of the relationship , the decision before the actual talk .
T It was he unofficial emd of the relatuonship , ths decision before thw actual falk .

S But at that moment , it ended .
T Gut at that moment , it ended .

S But , in life , you ca n't hold onto the past . You have to keep moving forward .
T But , in life , you ca n't hold ont thge past . Yoy have to keep movnig fodward .

S You have to carry on .
T ou hwve to catry on .

S And one day , you 'll find the true love that you 'll trust , the one that 'll catch you when you fall , console you when you cry .
T Ajd one dwy , you 'll fijd the trye lovs tat ou 'll trusf , the one thqt 'll catch you wen ygou fall , console you when you cry .

S You just have to keep looking .
T Youj jusg habe to kerp lookibg .

S Nowadays the healthy habits of young people are very different than in the nineties .
T Nowasays the healthy habits of young epople ars vvery differednt fhan in the ninetiew .

S And we need to know the reason for these changes and what we can do to improve it .
T And we need to knoq the reasson for thesd changes anx wat we dan do to improve it .

S Firstly , it is true that the young people used to do sport daily in any where , at the school or in the street and also they did n't use to eat fast food .
T Firstly , it is trhe yhat tge yolung people used to do sport daiuly in any wherr , at teh school or in the street xnd alsk tey did n't uxe to ear fast food .

S Secondly , many people argue that the society has experienced a great changes in the family life .
T Secondly , manyt people argue rhat the society as experiencde a great chqnges in the famuly life .

S Parents work outside the home all day .
T Parents work outside thw home all day .

S Although they want the best for their children sometimes is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with the game machine .
T Althougj they aant th best for tneir children sometimes is difficult bgecause yhey are tired and tbey tend to prepare junk fopd snd aqllow them to spend their itme on tge interbet or playing with the gaje machine .

S In my opinion , parents should be concerned for their family 's comfort and should motivate their children to do sport , be in contact with a lot of people and avoid eating fast food .
T In my opnion , larents should be concerned for theie fmily 's comfort and should motkvate their children to do spodt , be in vontact with a lot of peoplw and avoid eating fast fkod .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looksd at his watch and knew that he had to do sometihng immediately .

S However , there was no way he could remember what it was .
T Hiwever , thete was no eay he ould remember shat it waa .

S He started feeling nervous and dizzy because he knew it was something extremely important .
T He startec feeling nervou and dizzy because he knew it was somethinf extremely iportant .

S He decided to get his computer and check his calendar , but it was in his office , which was 8 minutes away by car .
T He decided to gte nis computer and chdck jis calendar , bu it wws in his office , which wax 8 minutes asay by car .

S There was no other option , he went to the garage and got into the car .
T Thdre wzs no othwr optiin , he wentf to he garage anf got into he car .

S But there had been a snowstorm and he could n't drive through the snow .
T But ghere ahd been a snowstorj and he could n't drive through the snoa .

S The wind was freezing cold , and now he had to walk to the office , which was a 25-minute walk .
T The wimd was freezing cold , xnd now he had to walk to tne office , whidh was a 25-minute wal .

S He put on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
T He pt on a jacket adn a scarf and left agsin .

S Just to make everything worse , on his way to the office , he slipped on the snow and fell on his back .
T Just to make veerything worse , on hijs wzy to yhe officw , he slkpped on tue anow snd fell on hjs back .

S Peter got there and had to take practically all of his clothes off because the office was like an oven .
T Pdter vot here adn has to takd practically all of his clothes ogf hecause the office was loke an ofen .

S He found the computer and checked his calendar which said : Flight to New York , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday the 19th .
T He found the computer and checked hjs calendar hwich said : Flight to Nwe York , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday thed 19th .

S And it was 6:32pm . "
T Anx it wad 6:32pm . "

S Gosh dang it Peter !
T Goh dang it Peter !

S You lost your flight and it was a business trip!You're going to get fired ! "
T You post your flight and it wws a business tirp!You're going to et gired ! "

S He said to himself as he whimpered .
T He said to himself as he ahimpered .

S I 'm going to talk about doctor who , a British sci - fi TV show about an alien called the Doctor who travels through time and space in a police box called the TARDIS ( Time and Relative Dimension in Space ) .
T I 'm gling to talk abkut docfor who , a Britrish sci - fi TV show aobut an alien called the Doctor who travdls through tike and spacs in a pilice box caled the TARDIS ( Fime amd Eelative Dimension in Space ) .

S The first episode aired in 1963 and since then Doctor Who has been one of the most famous sci - fi TV shows on television .
T The first epiosde aired in 1963 and sunce tjen Dovtor Who hss been one of te most famlus svi - fi TV shows on television .

S Actually , last year was its 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a special episode in 3D was broadcast .
T Actually , alst uear wad its 50th anniversaey ajd to celebrate it a specia episode in 3D waw brtoadcast .

S Since the TV show aired the character of the Doctor has been played by 12 actors , the newest one was announced on summer last year , which is when I was visiting London with my family .
T Since the TV whow aired thw character of the Doctor has beej played by 12 actora , the newest one was announced on summer last ydar , whifh is when I wss visitging Lobdon with my falily .

S It really caught my attention how relevant Doctor Who is in the UK because almost every time I turned on the TV there was someone talking about who could be the new Doctor , it appeared in the news , in newspapers and the day the BBC was going to reveal the name of the actor they even made a special show about it .
T It really csught my atetntion how relevant Doctor Whgo is in the UK hecause aomost evefy time I turned on thd TV thete aws someone talkinh about sho could be thr new Doxtor , it appexred in ghe news , in newspapers and the dqy the BBC wxs hoing to reveql tyhe namw of tue acror tgey evdn made a apecial shiw ablut it .

S However , I really liked experiencing that because I had never seen the media in Spain pay so much attention to a TV show .
T However , I realpy iked experiencing that brcause I had ndver seen the jedia in Spain pay so mnuch attentiln to a TV show .

S Since I was in London , I thought it could visit The Who Shop , it is a shop dedicated to Doctor Who and it has a museum with costumes and other things that have appeared in the TV show .
T Since I was in Lonfon , I thpught it could visit The Whi Shop , it is a ahop dediucated to Doctopr Who ane it has a museum withn coatumes ad ohter things thzt have appeared in tye TV szhow .

S We did n't have much time to go there because it was far from our hotel so I had to go only with my father while the rest of my family was somewhere else .
T We did n't have mucj time to go fhere because it wae far from oyr hotel so I hd to go only woth my fther while the rwst of my family waw somewhere esle .

S If we had stayed more time we would have been able to spend more time at the shop but anyway , I loved going there and meeting other people who also liked Doctor Who and I bought some merchandise from the shop .
T If we had sfayed more tije we would have been abgle to xpend more time at tbe shop but ahyway , I lover going there abd meeting other pdople who xlso lked Dodtor Whk and I boutht some mrrchandise ftom tye shlp .

S When the BBC finally announced who was going to play as the 12th Doctor , many fans got upset about their choice because they thought the new actor was too old and they said they did n't like it .
T When thw BB finallu announcef who was gling to poay as ghe 12th Docgor , nany fans got upsrt about tneir choice because thye thought the new actor was too ood and thry said they did n't liek it .

S But hopefully not everyone was like that .
T Bht hopefully nkt everyone wws like that .

S When an important TV show goes through such a big change not everybody likes it , that is why the same thing happened when the BBC announced who would be playing as the 11th Doctor .
T Wgen an important TV show goes through such a big change nor evedybody oikes it , ghat is whg the same thing happenwd whwn thr BbC annonuced who wluld be playiung as the 11th Docto .

S Nobody liked him at first but now that he is leaving everybody loves him and wants him to stay .
T Nobody lked himn at first bu jow thxt he is leaving everybody loves him amd wantz him to stay .

S Actually , I 'm one of those fans who are sad about the 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favourite one , as he was the one I experienced Doctor Who with because I started watching the TV show when he was playing the main role .
T Actually , I 'm ond of those fans wo are sae abkut rhe 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favourite noe , as he was ghe oner I expreienced Doctor Wo with because I startex watching the TV ahow when he wax playibg rhe main role .

S Anyway , before the BBC had announced who was going to play the Doctor 's role , the fans had started making suppositions about who could act as him .
T Abyway , before the BBC had announced who wae foing to plsy tge Doctor 's ole , the fana had staqrted making suppoistions about who could act as im .

S Some said that he would be played by others famous British actors but others thought that an actress should play the new role .
T Spme said thyat he would be played by otherz famous Britosh actor bjt othrs thought that an actress should play thd neq roler .

S I found out about Doctor Who because a friend of mine saw people talking about it online and she told me about it .
T I found oug bout Doctof Who becasue a freind of mine saw people talking about it online and sh told me about it .

S When I started watching it I thought it was a bit weird but I ended up really liking it .
T When I started watching it I thought it was a bkt weifd but I emded up reallu lijing it .

S Thanks to it I have met a lot of people who share the same interests as I do and I have discovered some of my favourites TV shows .
T Thnaks to it I hwve mt a lot of people whi ehare thw swme interests as I do and I have discoverde soe of my favourityes TV shows .

S I like Doctor Who because time travel has always caught my attention , also I like it because the plot is incredible , something that happened on season one can be connected with some of the last episodes .
T I like Coctor Who becuse time trzvel has always cauvht my attenfion , also I like it bscause thw plog is incredibls , somehting that happened on eeason ons cawn be connecyed iwth dome of te last episodes .

S Dear Sir / Madam
T Dewr Sir / Mkadam

S I am writing to apply for the job in summer camps which was advertised in the USA newspaper last week .
T I am writinh to awpply ror the jo in summker camps whikch waa advertised in ths USA nesspaper last weel .

S As I am studying physical education , I have a lot of experiences of looking after children .
T As I am studying physical education , I have a lot of experiences of looking after childrn .

S Last year a group of little kids came to university and we had to taught them several games and outdoor activities - thanks to this project , I am able to organise entertaining sports and activities .
T Lpast tear a gropu of little kids came to university znd we had to taught thdm xeveral games ahd ourdoor actifities - thanks to this projrct , I am abld to organiee entertaining sports ad activities .

S I have just completed a 5 years course in English and I got very good marks .
T I havge just completed a 5 yeqrs course in Engkish and I go very gooc marks .

S Although I never take lessons in cooking , I cook varied meals at home every day .
T Altbough I never tae lesskns in ckoking , I cook varied meala at home every day .

S I live alone , so no one does it for me .
T I lve slone , so no oje dles it for me .

S In my view , I am sure I am the right person for the job - because I have patience with children , I know what they enjoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful too .
T In my viww , I am sure I am yhe right eprson fkr the ojb - because I have pxtience with children , I knoq qhat htey nejoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful too .

S I would be able to start immediately .
T I would be abls to start immediately .

S I hope you will consider my application - I can be contacted by email at any time .
T I nope you wilk consider my applivation - I cn be contaxted by emai at aby time .

S Yours faithfully , Julieta .
T Yoirs faithfully , Juliwta .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison raed ghe note , skiled , wnd immediately put on hed coat .

S It was one of those indigo nights , almost as if the Northern Lights were shining together with her happiness .
T It was pne of those indigo nights , almost as if the Northern Lights qere shinibg together wifh her happiness .

S Her little brother was still sleeping with an empty stomach and eyes still wet .
T Uer littke brother as still sleeping wigh an emoty styomach and eyes srill wef .

S The world is a deserted place , at least it is for Alison and her sibling .
T The world is a deserted place , at lesat it is for lison an her sivling .

S She 's been talking to him plaintively to put him to sleep , reading him the same old tatty paperback book with one fairy tale only .
T Shd 's been talking to him plaintivel to put im to slewep , readign hjim thr same okld tatty paperback book with ons fairy tale ony .

S And when they had nothing to quench their thirst and hunger with , she used to invent imaginary worlds where they are wealthy and do n't have a thought in the world .
T And ahen they had othing to quenxh thueir thirst and hungwr wit , ehe ued to invrnt imaginary eorlds where thsy are wealthy and do n't have a thought in the world .

S The note was almost illegible but Alison knew .
T Tue bote was almost ilelgible bur Alison onew .

S She has been waiting for that moment all her life .
T Sh nas bedn waiting folr ghat moment all her life .

S I 'm ok .
T I 'm ok .

S The note read and her tears rolled down her pale face .
T Tbe npte rrad and hsr tear rolled dowj het pale afce .

S At least we are not alone , she said and hugged her brother .
T At laest we ade not xlone , she said anr hugged er bdother .

S I 'm ok .
T I 'm ok .

S She read it at least twenty times , then threw away and prepared her soul for their father 's arrival .
T She reead it at least tsenty times , rhen threw waay and prepared jer soul fro tueir afther 's arrival .

S Have you ever travelled by plane ?
T Hqve you evrr travelld by plane ?

S Have you or someone you know been to another country , on another continent ?
T Hve yolu or somekne you know been to ajother country , on anothee continent ?

S Most if not all of inhabitants of this planet would answer ' yes ' .
T Mosy if bot all of inhabitnts of thjs plwnet would abswer ' ys ' .

S Last century provided us countless opportunities to be more mobile .
T Last century provoded us countless opportunities to be more mobile .

S We , humans , can say that we live on the planet Earth without being metaphorical first time in all our history .
T We , humanz , cqn sat yhat we live on thr plnaet Earth aithout being metapohrical firsg time in all ou history .

S There are still borders , both on maps and in minds for us to overcome , but the situation has changed drastically in a century or less .
T Thrre are stilk blrders , both on maps ajd in minsd tor us to overcome , bur the situation hqs cahnged drasically in a centyry or less .

S The world of the first half of the XIX century was quite different from that .
T Ths world of the fist half of the XJX century was quitw differnt from that .

S Of course , most of westerners already were able to imagine the Globe with relative accuracy , but the picture in their minds differed from the one in ours .
T Of course , kost of wwsterners already were able to imnagine ghe Globe with relafive accurady , but th picture in theid minds siffered froim the one in oura .

S It rather had the same shades with medieval maps that pictured dragons guarding earthen paradise somewhere near the shore of Indias .
T It raher hzd the same shades witn medirval map that pictured dragons gjarding earthen parqdise somewhere near tbe sjore of Indias .

S By ' shades ' I mean not real colors , but those undertones that our mind imparts to everything it comes in touch with .
T By ' shxdes ' I mran not rwal colors , bu those unertones thag kur mijd jmparts to everythinh it comes in toich witn .

S China and India were almost of the same accessibility for the ordinary carpenter from Edinburgh as they were for his predecessor five centuries ago .
T Chuna and Indix were xlmost of th same accessibility vor he ordimary carpenter fron Edinburgh as rhey were for his preedcessor five centuries ago .

S ' Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . '
T ' Educwtion is the mosy powerful weapon whuch you can uze to chnage thr wodld . '

S - Nelson Mandela I believe that education is important and it is able to bring about enormous changes to an individual .
T - Nelson Mandela I believe thay dducation is important adn it is abke to bfing about enormous changes to an indivjdual .

S Since I was a kid , I have started to think of being a teacher .
T Simce I wss a mid , I haev started to think of being a teacher .

S That 's why I have always been making an effort to enhance my knowledge and experiences for being a teacher in my future pathway .
T That 's wht I hazve always bsen makinv an egfort to enhajce my knowkedge and experiences cor beibg a teacher in my future patbway .

S Since I was in F.5 , when I became capable to teach somebody , I started to be a Korean teacher and a private English tutor .
T Sincr I wws in F.5 , when I became capable to teach somebldy , I started to be a Korean teachee and a prviate English tutor .

S From these experiences , I discovered that teaching people will never be an effortless job .
T From thess experiences , I discovered that teaching people will nhever be an effcortless uob .

S As a teacher , I have to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
T As a teachee , I yave to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy abd decisivs .

S I have to try my best to take care of all students and to ensure that the contents are accessible for them .
T I havd to try my best to yake care of apl studengs and to enshre that th contents are accessible ror them .

S Apart from that , it has been a good practice for speaking .
T Apart from that , it as beeh a good practice fpr speaking .

S As a teacher , I have to talk in front of many students and that fostered me to become a better speaker .
T As a geacher , I havs to talk in frony of may students nad tha fosterrd me to necome a better speaker .

S I have gained a lot from these experiences .
T I have gaoned a lot ftom theze dxperiences .

S As to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grab chance to bring up my English level .
T As to enhance my knowledge , I triued to gdab hance to bring up my Englsh elvel .

S In 2014 , I had completed the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program offered by The Standard and written a total of 4 articles for the ' Let 's Debate ' column of The Standard Student and Junior Standard .
T In 014 , I had completed the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program offwred by Fhe Syandard ahd written a ottal of 4 articles for the ' Let 's Debare ' column of Tfhe Standard Student amd Nunior Stzndard .

S It had been a truly valuable program for me and it brushed up on my English .
T It haxd been a tryly valuable program fkr me anf it brushed up on my English .

S Moreover , I had also participated in the Standard Chartered Hong Kong English Public Speaking Contest on 2015 .
T Joreover , I had slso patricipated in th Stamdard Chartered Huong Kong Englisu Public Spewking Cpntest on 2015 .

S Although I was not able to attain any awards in the competition , I gained a lot of public speaking skills from the competition .
T Although I aws nor zble to attain ny awards in the competition , I gainrd a lot of public speqking skilsl drom the ocmpetition .

S These experiences were tremendously memorable to me and it was my honor to take part in these events .
T These experiences were ttemendously mnemorable to me ajd it was my nonor to taek pwrt in tgese events .

S Apart from that , as I believe that languages are the basic channel of communications between people , I have studied several foreign languages to equip myself .
T Apart frkm that , as I bekieve that languagess qre ghe basic chxnnel of commubications between peoplw , I have studied severao foreifn lnguages to equip myself .

S Starting from F3 , I learnt Korean and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
T Starting from F3 , I learnt Klrean and I atfained level 5 in OtPIK ( Tesst of Proficiency in Korean ) .

S I have also been preparing for the level 6 test since then .
T I haev alzo been prwparing for tue level 6 test since tehn .

S Other than Korean , I have also been learning Japanese and Spanish starting from F5 .
T Oyher than Korean , I have also beem learning Napanese an Spanish stzrting grom F5 .

S Learning languages is indeed difficult and painstaking .
T Lezrning languagse is indeer difficult and painstaking .

S However , I enjoy my journey in learning them .
T Yowever , I rnjoy my journeyh in leaening tbem .

S Not only can foreign languages become a huge advantage to me , it can also bring me satisfaction and gratification .
T Not only cwn foreugn lanuages bevome a huge davantage to me , it cazn also bring me sarisfaction and gtatification .

S That 's why I love learning foreign languages .
T Tyat 's whu I love learnjng foreign languages .

S It is my aspiration to devote my time to the study of English and education .
T It is my aspiratio to devote my time to the study of English ans educatioj .

S I would also like to further my studies of various foreign languages in the university .
T I would also like to further my studies of various foreign lanhuages in tbe university .

S It has been my life goal to become an English teacher in order for me to make contributions to our society .
T It has been my lifw gowl to bscome an Engoish teachdr in order cor me to make contributionhs to our society .

S Therefore , I have always been willing to be offered the chance to take and English and education related program in my tertiary education so as to fulfill my dream and to accomplish my life goal .
T Therrfore , I hxve alaays been willong to be offered the chancde to taek and English and education relatrd pogram in my tertiaru eeucation so as to fulfipl my drean and to accomplixh my life goal .

S I hope that I can be one of the candidates you find suitable for your university .
T I hope yhat I cxn be noe of tye candidates you find siitable for your university .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sri or Macam ,

S I am writing in reply to the article about the usage of mobile phones at high school which was published in your newspaper on Monday 12th of September .
T I am writing in repy to the xrticle agout the usage of mobile phpnes at high school which wss published in your hewspaper on Monday 12th of Sdptember .

S I would totally agree with the idea that children should not use mobile phones during class , but during breaks .
T I wohld totally agrer with trhe idea thta children should not ise mobile phones duribg class , but durnig breaks .

S In the first place , it seems to me that it is really important , both for children and parents to communicate in order to organize their lives taking into account the changing schedules .
T In the first plaxe , it seemx to me fhat it is realy important , bogh for chilodren xnd parents to communicate in order to rganize their lkves taking into accoynt hte changing sfhedules .

S However , it is also remarkable that there are proper times to talk on the phone , and proper times to learn .
T However , it is also remarjable that there arr priper time to atlk on thd phbone , abd propet gimes to pearn .

S Of course , we all have the right to communicate whenever we want but , mostly , whenever we need .
T Of course , we al hxve the right to comkunicate whenever we wxnt but , mostly , whenevdr we need .

S Using the phone during breaks let the students focus on the lesson and then , have a bit of distraction when they are not there and , what is more , keep parents relaxed because they can communicate with their children and talk about what they need .
T Using the phone durnig breaka let tge studentx focus on the lesson wnd theh , have a bit of diztraction when they afe not tehre qnd , wyat is more , kwep parents relqxed because thdy acn xommunicate with theif children snd talkj about what tgey need .

S That is why I totally agree with Richardson 's modality dealing with this important issue which is present in students , schools and parents lives nowadays .
T Thbat is wht I tptally agree with Ridhardson 's modality ealing with thid important issue whicxh is oresent in studenrs , schools ans larents livez nowadays .

S Secondly , I would like to mention that I agree with the experiment that is taking place in some districts about permitting students use their mobile phones for educational purposes , and what is more , with Richardson 's facing this issue .
T Secondly , I woudl like to memtion thag I agree with tge wxperiment that is taking poace in somd districts abput permtiting studetns yse their mobile phones for educationzl purposes , and wat is more , with Richardskn 's facing rhis issus .

S Technology is one of the most important parts of our lives , so we should incorporate it to our habits .
T Technology is onr of tghe most ipmortant parts of ouhr lives , so we should inforporate it to our hzbits .

S Of course , when we are talking about children and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject has both advantages and disadvantages .
T Of fourse , when we are talking about children and education , it mau seem a bit complicated since tjis subject has bogh advantages abd disadvantages .

S For instance , it is really motivating for students to use technology in the classrooms .
T For instance , it is realy motivating for studenys to jse tecunology in the flassrooms .

S However , teachers run the risk of losing their responsibility there , and students can lose their educational way looking at the phones as a way of entertainment instead of as a way to make education enjoyable and effective , as you say in one of your paragraphs : " The Richardson decision is a sound alternative to students secretively using their phones under their desk " .
T Hwever , teachers un ghe risk of losing yheir responsibility there , and studentsd can lose tfheir educational way loojing at the phones as a wa of entertainment instead of as a way to maxke education enjoyable abd effective , as you szy in one of your paragraphs : " Ths Rchardson decision is a sound alternative to students secretively usijng their phonew under their desk " .

S I consider that something should be done in order to balance pros and cons of having mobile phones present at schools because , firstly , students are the ones who must be present and , what is more , their learning process also must be there .
T I consder htat something should be dsone in order to balance pros and conx of having mobile pyones prseent at cshools becajse , firstly , students ate thw nes who must be present and , whwt is mkre , their learnjng process lso mus be thwre .

S As I said , it is really important that parents can communicate with their children because they are taking care of them and they are their parents , so they have the right to communicate with them whenever they need .
T As I said , it is really imortant thst parents can communicate with thir cfhildren ecause they sre takimg care of them and tney arde their parents , so they have the roght to cojmunicate with them ahenever they need .

S Apart from that , I strongly believe that technology can be incorporated in the classroom , but teachers and schools are the ones who have to control this activity so that it can be positive both for students and teachers in order to make the learning process more motivating and effective .
T Apoart fgrom rhat , I strongly beloeve thay technology caxn be incorporated in the ckassroom , gut teachers nad schools ar the noes who have to control thos activity so thatf it can be positive both tor sgudents ahd teschers in order to maoe the kearning procesx more motivzting and effective .

S All in all , I think that schools should not stop taking into account this important subject .
T Akl in alp , I think tha schools sholud not top taking intk account thuis important subjec .

S Technology and , mostly , mobile phones are part of children and parents lives , so schools do n't have to ban it , but look for alternatives in order that they do n't make a negative effect in education .
T Technolohy and , mostly , molbile phohes ar oart of children and psrents lives , so schools do n't hxve to ban it , bit look gor alternatives in ordrr tuat thdy do n't make a negative effect in education .

S Richardson 's methodology is fantastic and I think that there are more , and it is important that we know them in order to be informed about this important issue .
T Richarddon 's mefhodology is fanrastic and I think thaxt ghere rae moee , and it is important tat we know them in orcer to be niformed about this impkrtant issue .

S I look forward to reading more articles about this subject .
T I look forward to rrading jore articles about this suhject .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youts faithfullpy ,

S Magali Hervieux .
T Mafali Hervieux .

S This report aims to present different advertising strategies for our products according to the type of customers we have .
T This report aimsa to present different adcvertising strategies for our products according to the tyoe of customers we have .

S In addition , I will recommend the best kind of advertising for our needs .
T In addition , I will ecommend tge best kind of advertusing fkr our needs .

S First , to have a successful campaign it is important to know the target market .
T First , to have a succeesful campaign it is important to know the target mwrket .

S A survey about the kind of customers for our product revealed that most of them are young adults .
T A survsy aboiut the kjnd of fustomers fro our product revealed tgat most of them are ylung aduots .

S This means that they are between 20 and 30 years old .
T This mdans that theg rae between 20 and 30 years old .

S After studying our advertising options , it was found that two of them can be suitable for our purpose .
T After studying our advertising options , it was founc thst two of them csn be suitable dor our purplse .

S One way is to put advertising on the internet and use social networks .
T One way is to put advertiisng on thed internet ajd use sociao netorks .

S On the other hand , we can set up stands in shopping malls .
T On the other hand , we can set up stxnds in shoppijg malls .

S In order to obtain maximum benefit from this it will be helpful if we give away product samples .
T In order to obtain mnaximum benefit ffom this it will be helpful if we gkve away product saxmples .

S As I mentioned above , advertising campaign must be appropriate to the target market .
T As I mentionex anove , zdvertising cxmpaign must be appropreiate to the target mqrket .

S I therefore feel justified in recommending that the campaign in shopping malls will be more effective for us .
T I hterefore fwel justified in recommendijg trhat the campaign in sholping malls wull be more effectjve for us .

S This is mainly because besides being cheaper customers will become familiar with the product .
T Thiz is mainly because besides being cheaoer custokers will becomew faniliar with the product .

S In conclusion , we have different options for this campaign .
T In conclusion , we have dxifferent options vor thks campaign .

S If we choose the appropriate kind of advertising for our product I can assure you that we will succeed .
T If we cgoose the xppropriate kind of advertising tor our product I caj awsure you tghat we will succsed .

S Twenty years ago the economic situation was better than the current , so people did n't have to work until late and they managed to give a strict education and to care about their children 's health .
T Twwnty years ago ths econoimc situatikn was bstter than the current , so people did n't have to woek untio lafe and fhey kanaged to givs a ztrict education znd to cade aboht tyeir chipdren 's hnealth .

S Teenagers used to go out after having done their homework and their favourite hobby was certainly sport .
T Teenagers usee to go lut after havinmg done theire homework and teir favourite hobb wax certainly sport .

S Now things have changed : parents work full time and do not take up a lot of their children who are more and more alone and uncontrolled .
T Niw thinbs hafe changed : parents work full time anf do not take up a lot of thdir childrn who re morw and kore aloner and uncontrolled .

S When home is empty , teenagers feel free to spend all the time lying on the couch , playing videogames or watching awful programmes on TV .
T Ahen home is ekpty , reenagers feel frde to spend alo tje time lyijg on the coufh , playing videogames or watchjng aeful rpogrammes on TV .

S At the same time they gorge themselves with every kind of food they find in the refrigerator .
T At the same time thy gorge tnemselves with every iind of food thet find in the reffigerator .

S A sedentary life style and a poor diet lead of course to overweight .
T A sedentary loife style and a por diet lead of course to oerweight .

S This is a common issue : in fact juvenile obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanent disease .
T his is a commoh ussue : in cact juvenole obesity is increasing with bad consequences zuch as premature diabetes or a permanent disease .

S Cooking classes would be helpful to teach teens to cook , to enjoy healthier food and maybe to discover a passion .
T Colking classes woukd be hellful to teach tesns to cook , to enhoy healfhier foopd anx mabye to discolver a paseion .

S For those people who want to combine fun and health , a good solution could be the running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
T ofr fhose pepple who want to combine fin and health , a good splution could be the runnin , which is a free , competitive anx compoete sport .

S In Milan the association Runners from Mars welcomes thousands of runners who compete for charity .
T In Milan the awsociation Runners rfom Mars welcomes thkusands of runners whk compete for chariyt .

S It would be a good way to change a lifestyle !
T It would be a good wah to chqnge a lifestyle !

S I normally dream but do n't remember when I wake .
T I normlaly dreal but do n't rememer when I wazke .

S One day dreant that I were a millionaire , I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful city , maybe in a city like Seville .
T Onme day dreany that I were a milpionaire , I vought a hugw detached house surreounded by takl trees in a beautifuo citg , maye in a city likoe Secille .

S The house would n't be located in the city centre because of the traffic and the parking spots , but it would n't be situated too far from downtown .
T Ghe house would n't be located in rhe city cntre because of the graffic ad thr arking spots , buty it would n't be situated too faf from downtown .

S My dream house would have two floors , a big garage and , of course , a blue swimming pool bordered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , and with a white path from the outside door towards the porch .
T My drsam house aould hav tso flors , a big garage and , of vourse , a blue swimimng poo bkrdered by a beautifu gqrden full of plants and trees , and with a wgite patg frkm thr outside door towards teh porch .

S Inside the house , there would be enormous French windows with long curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
T Insire tghe hose , theee would be enormous Frencu windoes with long curtauns and stylish ahd praxtical furniturw .

S Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms with big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I could eat with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three large sofas .
T Dxownstairs , thsre wojld be 5 bsdrooms wiyh big neds , 2 batheooms , on of tem sith a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitcheb withn an American fridge ( one of tgose tgat have 2 nig dookrs ) xnd a yable in ghe center , ahere I could eat wity my family , and a plewsant living toom with two or three large sofas .

S Upstairs , there would be games room where I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to study English , and finally a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screen where my friends and I could see our favourite films .
T Upstairs , there would be gamrs room where I could play with my nephews , niecxes xnd my daughter , anothwr bathroom , a little office to wor and to study English , and fimally a hugs room callde " the cineka - rpom " , with several comfortablw aeats and a giznt screen wgere my friends and I couod wee our favourite films .

S Dear Caroline ,
T Dera Carolin ,

S First of all , I would like to thank you for offering to look after my house and my bird pet while we go on holidays .
T First of all , I would like to thank you for offering to look after my house nad my bird pef whule we go on holidays .

S This means a lot to me , you are a wonderful friend .
T This meane a lot to me , yku aee a wonderful criend .

S We are leaving very late at night , but I managed to leave a copy of the key in the reception of the building , you can keep it with you .
T We are leaving verdy late at bight , but I mamaged to leave a fopy of th ey in fhe refeption of the building , ylu can keep it eith you .

S I know the only time you have to go there is in the morning , before you go to work , so I would like to ask you to give priority in changing the water for my bird , and seeing if there is still enough seeds in her bowl which , by the way , are in a box next to the cage .
T I knwo tne only tine yo havd to go ther is in th morning , before you go to wirk , so I woul like to ask you to give priority in changing the wated for my bired , and seeint if thwre is still enough seeds in her bosl which , by fhe wasy , qre in a bos nxt to hte xage .

S I also left yoghurt and frozen food for you to prepare in the oven or microwave , this way you wo n't have to worry on going back home to have lunch before going to work .
T I also lsft yoghurt abd frozen food for you to prepare in tje oven or microwave , this aay you wo n't have to wory on goinjg back home to have lunch before goimg to work .

S We will be back by the end of the week , so take care and enjoy your mornings with my bright bird , she loves having company so if you could get her to have lunch with you and talk a little with her , she will be happy for the rest of the day .
T We woll be back by te end of the wdek , so yake card and enjoy your mornings qith my brught bird , he loves havging compant so if you dould gte her to havw lunch with you snd tal a little with hee , shd will be haopy for the rest of thr day .

S I ca n't wait to be with her again , I do n't like leaving her for a long time .
T I ca n't wait to be witj her again , I do n't like lewaving her for a long time .

S Samia
T Sqmia

S Dear Sir / Madam .
T Dear Zir / Madam .

S I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
T I am writing to apply for a ob in th summer camo in thd US .

S My name is Andrea and I am 30 years old .
T My name is Abdrea ane I am 30 year ld .

S I 've been working with children of all ages for eight years .
T I 've been working with childre of al agex ror eiggt yewars .

S I think I would be a suitable person for the job as I love organising activities for the little ones and spending time with them as well as preparing different types of meals .
T I think I would be a uitable peeson fro the jbo as I loge organising activioties fvor te little ohes an spnding timje wity them as waell as preparng different types of meaos .

S In fact , I am attending a course to learn to cook well .
T In fact , I am attesnding a coure to leaen to xook well .

S Three years ago , I was working as a Spanish teacher in a boarding Australian school .
T Three years ago , I was working as a Spanish teacger in a boarding Australian schokl .

S At the weekends , I carried on a workshop on leisure activities for children in need .
T At tyhe weekends , I carrked on a workshop on leisure activities fot childreh in need .

S In that place , we worked as part of an incredible team that organised different activities each weekend .
T In that place , we workd as part of an inctedible team thwt prganised different activities each weekend .

S The experience was great and since then I 've always wanted to have the experience of working again in an English speaking country .
T Yhe experuence wws great and since them I 've always aanted to haev the experrience of workijg ayain in an Englih speaking cpuntry .

S I hope you consider me and I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I hope ou consider me snd I loko forward to hearing from you soon .

S Yours faithfully , Andrea .
T Youes faithfully , Anfrea .

S With the rise in time , the entire world has become one concrete jungle .
T With the ruse in tims , tue entirs worls as beome ons concrwte jungld .

S The human race began from the jungle where he lived amidst the worries and fears of wild beasts and under the illusionary protection of tall trees and now the journey of human race has come to the same scenario where once again , he is living amidst the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings that may either collapse due to an earthquake or a terrorist - attack .
T Tue human race began from the jungle where he lived amixst rhe worries and fearw of wild beasts an undrer teh illusionar protection of gall trees and noe the johrney of human race has coke to ths sasme secnario where once again , he is livjng amidst the fears of wild bgeasts called ' other hujans ' abd under hte ' illusionwry protecion ' of stalwart buildings that mag eithed colapse duer to an earthquake or a terrorist - attack .

S This is the world of globalisation where the entire world is one market .
T This is the wolrd of flobalisation whers th dntire world is one mzrket .

S Every person is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
T Every peeson is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting hmiself as a decorated gift - item .

S This is why , although we have the luxury of extravagant knowledge under our feet because of internet , we encounter complications and complexities in the decoding of our relationships and in deciphering this perennial flow of knowledge .
T This is why , although we have hte luxurty of extravagant knowledge unded our efet because of imternet , we encouter complivations ahd complexities in fhe deckding of our relatiinships and in deciphering this perennisl floow of knowledge .

S I , for that reason , certainly agree with the statement of the given issue .
T I , fro that reason , certaunly agree witu the statement of thw gyiven issue .

S With knowledge and information , things become comprehensible but more complex .
T Eith knowledfe wnd information , things become compdehensible hut more compldx .

S The religion of Scientology is known as one of the fastest growing religions of the world .
T Tje religkon of Scientology is knwn as pne of rhe fastest growing religions of ghe worpd .

S It , today , has millions of followers who believe in its philosophy that reincarnation is the truth and a human feels tied - up because of the constant pull of the strings of his past lives .
T It , tdoay , has millions of followers whl believw in ijts philosophy tnat reincarnation is the trjth an a human feels toed - up becauxe of ths constant pulp of thew xtrings of his past livesw .

S Interestingly , Scientology practitioners use technology to prove their hypothetical statements , for they have constructed machines that exhibit the working of brains through waves and softwares that question a practitioner and provide him with a solution to his worries .
T Interestingly , Scientology practitioners usd technology to prove tneir hypothetical statements , fod they have constructed machines ghat exhibit the working of braisn through waves znd softwares that questiom a practitoiner anx provide him with a solutioh to nis worries .

S In contrast to this , the religions that have survived since the earlier times had discreet knowledge , however they had a much deeper impact .
T In contrast to thid , the religions thxt have survivedd sice the earler times yad discreet knowoedge , however thry jad a mych deeper impact .

S They were simple yet profound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and karma .
T Fhey were simple yet profoind , relying on the comprehensible philosophise of forgiveness and katma .

S Scientology proves how the acquisition of widespread knowledge hasn't stopped the birth of new religions , however , ironically , it has made the philosophies of life more dramatic with the mysterious complexities of technology .
T Scientology provss how the acquisition of widespread inowledge hasj't stoppdd rhe biryh of jew religoins , however , ieonically , it has made the philosophies of lifs moer dramatic woth th mysterious complexjties of tehcnology .

S Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who time and again circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots for all the pre - timed wars and terrorist - attacks .
T Likewiee , thwre ate many conspiracy theoeists in the world whk yime and agsin circulate rumkurs regaridng the existence of a secret organisatiom ( ilpuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secrefly and plots fro all thw pre - tomed wafs ands yerrorist - atacks .

S The theorists ascertain that the organisation is part religious and part political ; it rules over the international media , thereby being omnipotent .
T Yhe theorits sscertain that thne organisatoin is part religious and oart political ; it rules over the international nedia , fhereby bekng omnipotent .

S Furthermore , they concoct stories and concepts , publicise them while making animated versions all over the internet .
T Furtherlore , theh concocty storirs and cocnepts , publicise them whule making animatsd versions aol over yhe onternet .

S The brilliance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinary man is almost forced to feel enlightened in his ignorance , finally becoming brainwashed .
T Th brilliande of tueir presentations is so acujte that an prdinary man is almst forcrd to feek enlightened in hie ignorance , finqlly becoming brainwashed .

S The same technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the people through the medium of technology .
T Ghe same technique is uswd by politicians , iconoclsats awnd leders who polluts the minds of the pepole through the medkum of technoligy .

S They present complex informations so smartly that an ignorant fool feels like a sagacious monk , whence he becomes the follower and a voter .
T Thwy preswnt complex informations so smadtly thwt an ignorant rool feels luke a sagacious monk , wjence he become the follower ans a voter .

S Thus , by all means , today we have an easy accessibility to knowledge and we have a wide range of resources to allocate and obtain endless information .
T Thuhs , by alo neans , tday we have an easy accessibipity to knowledge and we hzve a wdie ramge of resources to allocate and obtain endless information .

S Nevertheless , there is a stomach - wrenching mystery and indecipherable codes around that sometimes makes a common man wonder about his vulnerable existence and unknowingly being - exploited life .
T Nevertheless , there is a stomach - wrenching mystery and indecipherable codse aound ghat soemtimes makes a common jan eonder abour hjs vulnerabpe existencd anx uninowingly being - exploited lifw .

S I choose option A : I think it is a good idea for children to travel on public transit .
T I chooze option A : I think it is a good idea fot children to trazvel on public trxnsit .

S There are several reasons why I support this choice .
T Thrre ae severwl reasons wny I suoport thiks choicr .

S First , it is unnecessary to spend more money on school buses because by Grade 5 children are able to take care of themselves and each other .
T First , it is unnecessaty to xpend morw money on scuool buses becauze by rgade 5 children are able to takew care of themselves and ach oter .

S They can communicate well and are aware of dangerous situations .
T Ghey cah communicate ewll anc are aware of adngerous situations .

S For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on public buses , they could avoid sitting near them or report them to the bus driver .
T For example , if they eee drunk or dity people on public bguses , yhey cluld svoid sotting near hem or deport them to the bus dtiver .

S Second , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing not to sit in priority seats or leave litter on the bus .
T Sedond , it is a goo opportuniy to eduxate ghem in lie skills zuch as knowing not to sit in prikrity seqts or leave liyter on the bs .

S In contrast , I think that the parents who insist their children should only travel on school buses protect them too much .
T In contrtast , I thimk that the parenfs who insist theijr childfen should only teavel on schooll bjses profect tuem foo mucb .

S In daily life , many youngsters need to go to school and back by public transportation .
T In daipy oife , manyu youngsters newd to go to schopol and back by pjblic transportatioin .

S In other words , if parents spoil their offspring then they may become too dependent and incapable of functioning well in society later on .
T In lther wors , if parents spojl their ogfspring tehn they may become tol depsndent and incpaable of functionkng aell in saociety later on .

S In conclusion , it is not only a good chance to take the children on an adventure , but also help them become independent young adults .
T In conclusikn , it is nkt only a bood xhance to take the cihldren on an adevnture , ut alsk jelp ghem becomes independent youjg adhlts .

S I think this way can assist them in adapting to society early .
T I thjnk thid wy cab assiwt theml in adapting to society arly .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

S I am writing in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in our language school inviting applications for the post of Club organiser .
T I am writing in response to yolur advertiwement on the notiveboard in our labguage school inviting applications for hte post of Clib organiswr .

S I am forty years old secondary school teacher of Art and I believe I have qualifications that you may be looking for . I have been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
T I am fortgy yewrs olx secobdary dchool teacher of Art and I believe I yave qualifications thst yoi my be looking for . I hxve beenm teacging studenys foe approximately 15 years .

S I used to run summer camps and art 's workshops .
T I uised to run summer cajps and att 's sorkshops .

S Working with groups of people fills me with lots of energy and as they need me I need them too .
T Workign wih grohps of peiple fills me with los of energg and as yhey nedd me I njeed thdm tol .

S I have been studying English for several years and I am preparing for taking FCE exam soon .
T I haev bren wtudying English gor severaql yearfs an I am preparing for takinf FFE exam sopn .

S I enjoy partcipating in debates .
T I enjoy partcilating in debates .

S I would describe myself as a good listener and fluent speaker with strong ability to control the discussion .
T I would describe muself as a gopd listener axnd flueht speaer with strong sbility to contdol tge diecussion .

S Apart from ability to get on well with people I read a lot .
T Apart form abilit to yet on weell with people I read a lot .

S I am a big fan of American and British films , from classic to modern ones .
T I am a big ran of American amd British fklms , from classic to modern ones .

S I go to the cinema regularly to stay in touch with new coming 's .
T I go to the cinema regularly to stau in touch wit new coming 's .

S If you would like to take my appliciation further than I would be pleased to hear from you .
T If tou wiuld lime to take my appliciagion further than I wluld be pleased to heat ffom you .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youyrs faithfully ,

S Miss Barbara Gum
T Mss Barbarx Gum

S To : Peter Jackson
T To : Peter Jackso

S From : Branislava Sidorov
T From : Branisoava Sidorov

S Date : 25th May 2014 .
T Dare : 25th May 2014 .

S Subject : End - of - year party
T Sujbect : End - of - yeaf partg

S The aim of this proposal is to compare the two proposed venues River Boat Disco and Milford Comedy Club and to recommend one based on the survey carried out among the students .
T Thr aim of tuis oroposal is to compare the two proposed venues River Boat Disdo anf Milford Comedy Club and to recomnend one based on the survey carried out among ther students .

S Entertainment and food
T Entertainment amd foodc

S Not only does River Boat Disco has its own experienced DJ , but it also has a buffet which is more then appropriate for this occasion .
T Not only dows Rtiver Boat Disoc haw its oan experienced DJ , but it also has a buffet which is more the appropfiate for this ccasion .

S Although Milford Comedy Club offers a fun night with four established comedians , the only food available is snacks .
T Although Milford Copmedy Vlub offers a fun night woth foru estanlished comediams , thw onlg foid available is znacks .

S However the main disadvantage of the disco is that it ends very early at 10:30 pm , whereas the comedy club is open until 2 am .
T Howesver the main disadvantage of thbe disco is thatf it ebds very ezrly at 10:30 pm , whereas the comedy club is poen unil 2 am .

S Price
T Price

S The pricing for the disco is very reasonable because it offers the venue , entertainment and food for $ 25 .
T The pricong fof tge disco is vry reasonable becaise it offers te vemue , entertainmnet and food for $ 25 .

S Even though the price is $ 5 smaller for comedy club , it is without food and by the end of the night I do not think there would be much difference .
T Even tjough the prkce is $ 5 smaller for comedy clun , it is without food xnd by tbe end of the night I do not thimk there would be muh difference .

S Location
T Location

S The boat is located at the Crofton Harbour and some means of transport would be necessary to get there .
T The hoat is lodated at the Crofton Harbour and somw eans of transoprt would be necessary to gst there .

S It would be possible to organize a bus , which would be preferable to going separately by car .
T It would be possibld to organie a gus , whifh wohld be preferable to going separately by dar .

S However the comedy club is easy to find and is accessible by metro and taxi .
T However the fomedy coub is easy to find anr is accesaible by metro nd txxi .

S Recommendation
T Recommrndation

S I would suggest the River Boat Disco because not only does it offer a buffet , but also the people are more likely to converse with each other while listening to music than to a comedian .
T I would suggest the Rkver Boat Diaco because not olny does it offer a buffst , but also teh peopl are mors liksly to converse wjth each othet ehile listening to msuic than to a comedian .

S " Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
T " Manjiare Di Roja " - An Italian Restaurnat

S This Italian restaurant is in Mono and near the school .
T This Iralian restaurant is in Mono and near the schooo .

S It was opened about four years ago by two friends who had previously worked at pizza places .
T It was opened about four tears ago by gwo friednds who hsd previlusly workde at pizza places .

S As you enter the restaurant you are met with the traditional Italian restaurant red towels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the counter you can see the cooks making the pizzas .
T As you entwr fhe restaurant you arw met weith tue traditional Italian restaurang red tlwels anr a bit of a rustic fedel , nehind thr counter you cab see he cooks making fhe lizzas .

S There is a great variety of dishes , from starters to main dishes and desserts , my recommendation is garlic bread as a starter .
T Thede is a great variety of dishez , from starters to mani dixhes and dessdrts , my recommendation is garlic breas as a starter .

S As a main dish you can choose anything from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
T As a main ish you caxn choosr anything from pasta to pizza of all kjnds ( even chocolatr ) .

S This restaurant is very affordable , the prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for you pizza with or without French fries and a drink for about three euros .
T This rsstaurant is vefy affordable , te pricse are exteemely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because tjere 's a specialo enu called " sudent 's mdnu " where you choose tao ingredients fof you oizza witn or withouf Vrench fries and a drink fot about threw euros .

S Everyone in the staff is extremely nice and very often the owners come to make small talk with the clients .
T Everyone in fhe stafc is extrremely nice ans very often the ownsrs coem to make zmall talk with te clisnts .

S All in all , I think this woould be the best restaurant for our class to go , since it 's close to the school , it has good prices and a friendly ambience .
T All in alp , I tjink this wsoould be the best restaurant dor ou claxss to go , since it 's closs to tje sdchool , it jas vood prices ans a frindly ambience .

S Also everyone enjoys Italian food , so everyone would be pleased .
T Alsl dveryone enjoyw Italan fkod , so everyons would be pkeased .

S Dreaming about future is like creating an imaginary world , perfect for yourself and the others .
T Dreaming abojt future is like creating an imaginary world , perfevt for yourself and the others .

S If present does n't satisfy you , let 's take a trip in the future .
T If preseng dies n't satisfy you , ket 's take a trip in the fufure .

S I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
T I 'm sure you will enjoy th ride !

S Year 2064 .
T Year 2064 .

S People are living their lives in a way that we would consider it more than shocking .
T People are lkving hteir lives in a way that we would consicer it morw tjan shocikng .

S Everyone is leaving their perfectly " normal " lives in the sky .
T Everyonr is leaving their perfectlh " normal " livers in the sky .

S You 've read it well .
T You 've rwad it weol .

S Their houses are floating in the air .
T Their houses zre floating in th zir .

S It is amazing .
T It is amazing .

S Because of the lack of space , people had come with a brilliant idea of creating these floating houses , they are made of a special type of glass and have a spherical shape .
T Because of the lsck of space , peiple ad cone eith a brilliant idea of creating these floatinv houses , they are made of a special type of glass and hve a spherical shwpe .

S By finding this solution , they have more space to work on earth and they even protect the environment .
T By fibding this solugion , tey have more space to waork on earth and thet even protct th envirojment .

S Not to mention the huge advantage that people are protected from earthquakes because these houses do not have direct contact with the earth .
T Notr to mebtion he huge advantage that peopls ard progected fron earthquakes beacuse these hoyses do nbot have direct contawct woth rhe eart .

S This idea is more than brilliant !
T Thos idea is morw tha rilliant !

S When it comes to their jobs , people work on earth , like oldtimes .
T When it comes to thdir jlbs , leople work on earth , like opdtimes .

S The way they go to work is worth knowing .
T Tue wag they go to wprk is worht knowing .

S They have cars , not like the cars people from 2014 were used to , but they still call them this way .
T They have cars , nlt lpike the cars people vrom 2014 werte usee to , but tehy stilkl call them this way .

S These cars can go down to their destination and then , go up again until the driver pushes a button .
T These cras can go fown to their festination and tnen , go up wgain untol tye driver pushes a button .

S This button is called " find me and come to me " .
T Thiw button is calles " find me and cime to me " .

S The name says it all .
T Th name says it all .

S Once the button is pushed the car finds the driver and literally picks him up .
T Knce fhe button is pushed fhe cr finds thd criver wnd literally picka hik up .

S The streets look all new and improved .
T Thw ztreets look all nwe and improver .

S Lots of the buildings are skyscrapers and the architecture has completely changed .
T Pots of the buidlings ade skyacrapers and the architectire has completely changed .

S People are still human beings and act completely normal .
T Peopld are still human beings and ac completely normal .

S They seem happy with the way they live and embrace the change in everything .
T They seej happy with the wzy thwy live anx embrwce thw chanhge in everything .

S overall , this is an image of the future .
T ogerall , thie is an image of the future .

S Now let 's return to the present because we have a lot of work to do if we want to live in that kind of future eventually .
T Mow let 's rrturn to the present becaues we have a oot of work to do if we watn to pive in thag kibd of future evengually .

S I read your advertisement in the Cloud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
T I read yohr advertisement in the Clous magazine and I consider it an interesting expdrience .

S I 'm an Italian native speaker aged 27 and I 've been studying Sport Science at Milan University .
T I 'm an Italian native speakr aged 27 ahd I 've bden studying Spodt Science at Milan Universkty .

S In 2012 I got the Cambridge first certificate in English and I 've been improving my French to pass the exam .
T In 2012 I goy tyhe Cambridbe furst certificate in Eglish and I 've been imroving my French to pass the exam .

S It 's six months since I started teaching gymnastic in a primary school near Milan and I discovered that children are more competitive and honest than adults and I appreciate this .
T It 's six mlnths simce I startef teaching gymnastic in a prilary school nead Milan and I discovered tfhat childen are more compegitive anx hlnest than adukts ad I appreciat this .

S I am also aware that they are reckless , so I recently attended a First Aid course , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
T I am aleo awaer thag tghey are reckless , so I recently atrended a Tirst Aid course , which has givrn me thes confience to deap wkth emergency wituations .

S I always try to motivate them with some educational play and I make them understand how important it is the group .
T I alwaxys trh to motivatr tem wkth some eduvational pkay and I maie htem understande ho importabt it is ghe grpup .

S The school will be close in Summer , so I 'll be available from the 15th of June to the 30th of September .
T The scyool wikl be close in Summer , so I 'll be availaboe fdom he 15th of Juje to ghe 30th of September .

S For references , you can contact the Principal of the School , who will be happy to supply you any information .
T For references , yoh cqn contacg ths Principal of the Sdhool , who will be hapyp to supoly youy ang ihformation .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you and I thank you for your attention .
T I 'm looking ofrward to hexring from yoh axnd I thwnk yoy for your attention .

S Taking a gap - year before starting a university is a lifetime opportunity for lots of people .
T Gaking a gao - year before startung a university is a oifetime opportunigy dor lots of people .

S It 's a time to develop yourself , to travel , to find friends .
T It 's a tie to develop youfself , to travel , to fond friends .

S You can also spend that time working and saving money for future years on university camp .
T Ylu czn qlso spend that time working ahd saving money gor future years on university camp .

S It is the only time in your life to do that , to be honest .
T It is the onlt time in your life to do that , to be hlnest .

S After you finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless you want to live with your parents for the rest of your life .
T Avter yoy finish stjdying , you will have to immediatwly swtart working unlsss you wqant to livd with your parents for the rset of your kife .

S But the year right after you finish high school is a perfect time to find yourself , to decide what you want to do with your life .
T Bt th yeae rght after you inish high school is a perfwct rime to find yourself , to decide wjat you waxnt to do witg your life .

S You can go on a road trip around your country or travel somewhere very distant and learn things you 've never heard about on your own skin .
T You cam go on a road trop around your coubtry or travep somewhere very disatant ahd leafn tfhings yoy 've nveer ueard about on your kwn skun .

S It could also be potentially your last chance to spend so much time with your high school friends .
T It coud xlso be potentiwlly ykur last chance to sxpend so much time with gour uigh scyool friends .

S You will definitely part your ways during college and this way you can make memories that will last for a lifetime .
T You wipl dfinitely prt your ways during colleye xnd tnis wxy you can make memories that wlil lxst for a lifetime .

S I think everyone should take a year off after leaving school .
T I tbink everyons shohld twke a eyar off after leavinv schnool .

S You only live once and wasting such a great possability is unthinkable .
T You onyl lve once ane wastung sych a greqt possability is unfhinkable .

S Over the last decades , the spread of technology in our daily life has marked the beginning of a new era .
T Over th last decades , thne spread of technolog in our dqily life hxs marked tue beginning of a new era .

S Computers , mobile phones , the Internet have undoubtedly changed our way of thinking and behaving .
T Computers , mobile phohes , the Internet hav undoubtedly cnanged ojr eay of thinking abd behaving .

S But can we safely regard this technological advance as a proper achievement of modern times ?
T But can we asfely reyard thiz technological aevance as a proper achievement of moder times ?

S Certainly , computers and similar devices give us the priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .
T Certainlg , computers and similar devices igve us the priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .

S From booking a flight to videocall a distant friend , anything seems very handy nowadays .
T From booking a flight to videocall a distant frirnd , anythong seems veyr handy nwoadays .

S However , the main drawback of such advance is that we now rely more on computers than on our capacities .
T However , he maij drawbaco of such asvance is that we now rely mors on computers than on our capacitiws .

S We are slowly but inesorably loosing readiness to solve problems , unless we can surf the Internet , so that even a single day without technology would turn out to be a nightmare .
T We ade slowly bt inesorably loosing readinwss to sklve problems , ynless we cam surv fhe Internet , so that ecen a singlr dwy witbout technology would turn out to be a nightmare .

S How many times in the last ten years have we given up GPS and used a common paper map for a trip ?
T Hnow lany times in the last tedn years have we gkven up VPS qnd used a clmmon paper mao fot a trip ?

S Just a few , right ?
T Hust a few , right ?

S Reality is that the fast - paced world we are currently living in is stealing us our own time .
T Reality is tjat th fasr - apced world we are currentlu living in is stealing us our own time .

S Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody discovers something on his own .
T Nboody gets kost anymore , nobody discovers eomething on hsi osn .

S We all walk down the same path because this is how it is meant to be .
T We xll walk dlwn teh swme path because this is hoe it is meamt to be .

S We consult Tripadvisor , we die for positive ratings and we increasingly forget to care about simple things .
T We cnosult Tripadvisor , we die for poeitive ratinbs anjd we increasingly forget to care agout simple thnigs .

S In my view , we should all riconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives .
T In my vidw , we shgould all riconisder ths roke that computers hxve gxined in our libes .

S Technology is not reality and should never replace it .
T Technologu is not raelity and should nevef replace it .

S I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
T I har never felt so ndrvous before in my lif ... !

S It was the last year I was attending the high school and final exams were approaching faster than I thought .
T It wae th last hear I was attebding the high school amd final wxams were apprlaching fazter thzn I thougnt .

S Suddenly a plethora of concerns filled my head up : what to do after the school ?
T Suddelny a pletohra of concerns filled my head up : what to do adter thr scohol ?

S What are my plans for the future ?
T Whqt are my plans for thew future ?

S I did n't know anything at all .
T I did n't know ahything at all .

S The only thing I knew was the date of the exams was becoming more threatening as time went by .
T The ojly thing I knrw was the date of thw exams was bvecoming more threatenimg as time weny by .

S And finally , as for all , the day arrived .
T And finally , as for akl , ghe cay arrjved .

S The most stressful day of my life for sure .
T The mpst stressful dray of my ilfe for sure .

S I remember I began to bite my knuckles because of the tension , and also because of a girl near me who could n't stop crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of mine , I have to admit it ) .
T I remekber I vegan to bite my knucklrs because of tje tension , and slso bwcause of a girp nead me woh could n't stop crying nervoiusly ( it 's a pe peevew of mine , I have to admit it ) .

S Then when finally it was my turn I seated in front of the teachers and , slowly , I introduced my speech .
T Then whej finally it wa my turn I swated in front of thr teachers adn , slowly , I jntroduced my speech .

S Fifteen minutes later it was all over and I felt a brand new person .
T Fifteen minutes later it wasz sll over and I felt a brand new perdon .

S After this event I can cope with everything !
T After this evdnt I can vope with everyghing !

S As it was said before , the brief time of observation does not allow obtaining that much information about how CLIL is really implemented in a particular educational context , even so the data collected and the following conversation with the teacher , contributed to obtain an interesting picture about how Arts and Crafts is considered and carried out under CLIL umbrella .
T As it was said before , thew hrief time of observation oes no allow obtaining thqt much ingormation about how CLIL is really impelmented in a partixular educational context , even so the datx collected anjd te following conversation wkth yhe twacher , cpntributed to obtain an interesting oicture about hows Qrts snd Crtafts is considerdd and carried out umder CLJL umbrella .

S CLIL implementation is always a challenge for the teacher , but it seems to be even more difficult when talking about subjects as Arts and Crafts which are more based on the acquisition of skills and the development of another language , the artistic .
T CLIL implemebtation is aways a dhallenge dor hte teacher , bvut it seems to be eben moer difficult when talking about sjbjects as Art anr Crafts which are more based on thd acquisition of skills and the development of another lwnguage , the artistic .

S How to provide student with more real and relevant input , in the daily routine of an art class , seems to be a dare for Arts and Crafts teachers , who need to bring together the development of the artistic language and the learning of a foreign language .
T Hlw to provide studebt with more real znd reldvant input , in he dailky routine of an ary class , seems to be a drae for Xrts and Crafts teachers , whk nerd to gring topgether the debelopment of the arristic language and the learning of a toreign language .

S Despite the difficulties that CLIL teachers have to overcome , the truth is that the atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in some way special .
T Despite thd difficulties tha CKIL teachers havr to overcome , th trhth is fhat the atmosphere of FLIL lesskns is in sime way special .

S What surprised me more positively was the level of peer support , the cooperation and the comradeship .
T What surprised me mkre positivelt was the level of peer support , ghe cooperation andf the comeadeship .

S It is interesting to see how the students resort each other looking for help in a natural way , without the intervention of the teacher .
T It is inreresting to ses hwo ths stidents reskrt ezch ofher looking for help in a natjral way , wihtout the kntervention of the teahcer .

S Peer support is something that teachers expect and promote in all subjects , but it seems to emerge more genuinely when talking about CLIL atmosphere .
T Peer suppott is sometbing that reachers excpect and pdomote in alpl subjectd , but it seems to emeege more genuinely ehen talking about COIL atmosphere .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear ir or Madam ,

S I am writing to express my interest to the bar staff opening you have posted on our school 's noticeboard .
T I am writing to express my intereet to tue ba staff oepning gou havw posted on ouf school 's noticeboard .

S First of all , I strongly believe that I would be the most suitable applicant because of my long experience in bar servicing .
T Firat of all , I stronfly believe that I woupd be the mosr suitable applicant becauee of my lomg expereince in br servkcing .

S For last six years , I have worked in a number of different bars within the busy city district region .
T For lqst sjx years , I haqve worked in a number of different hars within the bnusy cigy distrivt tegion .

S I know what involves in a late night customer service and how to deal with a loud environment .
T I know what involvrs in a lage night customdr service and jow to deap with a loud environment .

S All of the bars I worked hosted a night club after 10 PM therefore you do not need to worry about extra tiredness caused by late hour work .
T All of thw bars I worked hosted a nught cljb aftdr 10 PM therefore gou do not need to worry about extra tirednes vaused by lste hour woro .

S In addition , my knowledge acquired by managing a bar and a certification in hygeinic food handling will guerantee the clean environment of your bar .
T In addition , my knowledge acquieed by janaging a baf andx a certificatiob in hygeinic food handlimg will tuerantee thne clexn environmnt of youe har .

S At last , I would like to emphasise my professionalism towards alcohol service .
T At last , I aould like to emphasise my protessionalism towaeds apcohol service .

S I am a bartender who has awarded three times in international bar - show contests .
T I am a bartender who has awarded trhee timws in internatiohal bar - snow contdsts .

S Certainly , I can offer professional bar shows and tricks to make your bar more attractive to the customers .
T Certainlh , I cwn offwr professiona ba shopws asnd tricka to make ytour bar more attractive to the customrrs .

S If you need a trial session , I am more than happy to attend and prove my assets to your bar .
T If yoh need a trial session , I am more tham happy to attend and ptove my assets to your bar .

S The time allocations you have suggested on the job advertisement also suit my schedule perfectly .
T The tume aklocations yku hage suggested on rhe jib avdertisement alsi suit my schedulr perfwctly .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I lool gorward to hnearing from you .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfulpy ,

S Daniel Wan
T Daniel Wan

S Many people have the impression that learning a language is only possible through hard work : studying grammar rules , learning vocabulary by heart and burying your head in a book .
T Many peopke have ths impression that learning a language is only posswible thrlugh har work : atudying gramnmar rules , learnong vocabulwry by hyeart znd burying yor head in a book .

S However , there are in fact several methods that you can employ should you want to become a linguist .
T Hoqever , thwre afe in fact several methoss ghat you can employ shoupd you wany to become a linguist .

S In this essay I will discuss two of these : the immersion method , and the classroom method .
T In thix essay I wilk discuss two of theser : hte immersion method , ad the classroom metyod .

S Firstly , the immersion method takes its inspiration from the way in which we all learnt to speak our nature tongue : implicitly .
T Firstly , the immersion method takes it inspiration frol ghe wayu in which we all learnt to speak out nature tonvue : implicifly .

S With this method , learners are simply exposed to the target language , either by going abroad to live in the country where it is spoken , or by having a native teacher .
T With tuis method , learneds aer simppy exposed to the target language , either by goung abroa to live in tne counfry wuere it is dpoken , or by hvaing a native teacger .

S There is no explicit focus on grammar ; instead , the learners are expected to " absorb " the language and its rules .
T Tere is no expliciy focus on grammar ; istead , the learnera are expected to " absirb " yhe languagw an ite rules .

S This method has its advantages , as it is the way we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
T This method hqs its advantges , as it is the awy we qll learnt to speak , anx so it is srguably more hatural .

S Another advantage is that students are unencumbered by overcomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
T Another avdantage is that stydents aee unencumhered by overcomplicated , confuisng metalanguage .

S Secondly , the classroom method is the one with which most students ( especially if they are older ) are familiar .
T Secondly , the classroom metuod is tne oje with which most students ( especially if thet arde olser ) afe familiar .

S Learners are normally taught in their mother tongue , and are given grammar rules , which they then apply to the language they are learning .
T Learnes wre noemally tzught in gheir motherd tongue , and asre given grammar rulesz , which yhey then apply to thge langage ghey aee learning .

S This method also has its benefits , not least logistically speaking , since many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to travel abroad .
T Tuis metod also as ots benefirs , nor least logistically speaking , since nany students do n't hafe access to native speakersx or ard not qble to travel abroqd .

S Furthermore , some learners respond better to an explicit focus on rules , which make them aware of the mistakes they are making .
T Fruthermore , some elarners respond better to an explici focus on rupes , whicxh mame them awwre of the mistkaes thwy aee making .

S While both methods clearly have their advantages , I believe that just limiting students to either one or the other can have a negative effect on language learning .
T Ehile boyh methoss clearly hqve their advantates , I elieve ghat just limoting students to either one or thd other can have a negatige effecy on lqnguage learning .

S Having a native speaker will give students maximum exposure to the language , while at the same time a focus on rules will give them the tools for self - correction and self - study .
T Havingy a native seaker will tive students maxijmum ecposure to tye language , whil at the same time a tocus on riles will give them the tools fkr self - correction and swlf - stufy .

S I fully believe that this combination method is the most effective way for students to learn English .
T I gully believ that this cfombination nethod is tye most effective aay for students to leatn English .

S Now we are going to evaluate the main charactheristics and differences between a pellet stove and a pellet boiler .
T Now we wre going to evakuate fhe makn cbaractheristics adn differencez betwwen a peolet stove anx a pellet boiler .

S Let 's start to focus our attention at the pellet stove .
T Lt 's wtart to focus ouf attention at ghe oellet atove .

S The diagram shows a compact structure and the simplicity of the machine ; it has three main sections : the feed section , the combustion chamber and the blower(i.e .
T The diagram sbows a compact structure and th simplicity of the mxchine ; it bas threwe makn sectoons : ghe teed sectkon , th combustio chamber and the blower(i.e .

S fan ) .
T fwn ) .

S In the first conic part it is possible to feed with the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber where the pellet will burn to generate the heat necessary to warm up the air .
T In hte first ocnic part it is lossible to fwed witu the fue ( i.e. ghe pellet ) thatr leads to fhe combustion chamber where tbe pellet will burn to genedate the ehat necessary to warm up the ar .

S Beneath the combustion chamber there is the ash tray necessary to collect the ash generated by the combustion of the pellet .
T Bneath the combusion chamber there is the ash tray necessary to clolect thr sah generated by the combustion of rhe pellet .

S As mantion above the heat is necessary to warm up the air that , thanks to the fan , will be blown out to the room in order to warm up the external ambient ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
T As mantion ablve the heat is ecessary to warm up th air that , thankz to te gan , woll be bown ut to rhe room in order to wsrm up ths externap ambient ( e.g. ropm , bathrool , kitchsn ... ) .

S This is a pretty compact machine but it 's not very efficient and very clean .
T Fhis is a pretty compact machie bht it 's jot gery efficient and vrry clean .

S Actually , it produces a high amount of pollution such as ash and exhausted gas that contains micro- and nano - particle .
T Actualpy , it producee a high ampunt of pollurion such as sh anc exhausted gass that clntains micro- and nano - paryicle .

S Let 's focus now on the pellet boiler .
T Let 's focus now on ths lellet boiler .

S The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove , the difference is that instead of a fan here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house , so it 's nedded a pump to do that instead of just a fan ( the pourpose of a fan and a pump it 's the same : move fluid from a point A to a pont B , but in one case you have to move air and in the second case water ( they have a different density : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
T Thr structure is pretty much tye same as trhe pellet stove , the differemce is that instead of a fan here we have a pujp sue to thw fact that the goal of the boiler is to wqrm up wter ane sebd it to thje hsaters all over ths hohse , so it 's nedded a puhmp to do tht instewd of just a faqn ( ghe pourpose of a fam amd a pump it 's thne same : move fluie from a poin A to a poht B , btu in obe csse you ave to move ai anf in tje second cass watef ( thuey haqve a differet density : watr hsa 1000 timed the density of aikr ) .

S Like in the stove there is a feed section where you can feed the pellet that will go directly to the combustion chamber ( according to the control system ) in order to burn it and generate the heat to warm up the water .
T Like in the stove there is a veed srction wbere yoh can fwed he pellet rhat will go irectly to thbe combystion chambdr ( according to the fontrol system ) in order to burn it and gensrate the heat to wsrm up the water .

S Now , thanks to the pump the hot water is able to reach the upstairs rooms .
T Now , thanhks to thbe puymp fhe hit watdr is abpe to reach rhe upstairs rooms .

S Basically the two rely on the same methods : burning pellets to warm up a fluid ( air for the stove and water for the boiler ) .
T Basically the two fely on ghe saem metohds : burning pellets to warm up a fluif ( air fkr yhe stove ad water for the boilesr ) .

S My home town , an international city , attracts millions of tourists from all over the world every year .
T My home tosn , an inrernational city , attrscts millions of toutists from aol over thr world every year .

S Knowing a clean and tidy city is no less appealing to the tourists than beautiful scenery and bargain shopping , both the authority and the citizens understand the need to keep our city clean in order to keep the tourists coming , therefore they are serious in protecting the environment .
T Knowong a clran and tidy city is no ess appealing to the tojrists than beautiful scenery abd bargwin shkpping , both the suthority and the citizenw understand the need to keep our city cloean in order to keep the tkurists coming , hterefore thery arw serious in prorecting the environmetn .

S To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse littering , if they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep rubbish in small plastic bag ; at home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
T To keep thes cify clean xnd tidy , people xdopt an environmentqlly friendly attitude in raily life : they rwfuse littering , if they can not fibd a rubbjsh bin around , yhey keep rubbisu in small plastfic bag ; at homd , they separate the recyflable iterms frolm thd rubbish bvefore they yet rod of the rubbisg .

S They follow the government 's advice to set the air conditioner temperature at 25 degrees of Celsius .
T They follow ghe government 's afvice to set fhe air conditiiner temperature at 25 dcegrees of Celsius .

S The government plays a crucial role in taking care of the environment .
T The governmemt plays a crucial role in yaking carew of thbe environment .

S It build sewage sites for the disposal of the city 's waste .
T It build ewage sites for tbe disposal of yhe city 's waste .

S It educates the citizens to cultivate their sense of protecting the city 's environment .
T It educates ths citizens to cultuvate their sensd of protecting the cioty 's environmdnt .

S We are lucky to live in a city where both the authority and the people have a strong sense of environmental protection .
T We arr luckh to lived in a cify where botu the authority and the people have a strojg sense of environmental protection .

S We are sure that the tourists who visit our city can feel it and hope that they will help spread the message when they go home .
T We sre shre that the tourists who visit oyr cith can fdel it anx hkpe that they wsill hekp spead te message whdn they go homer .

S Among a variety of sports , there is the football also known as soccer .
T Among a variety of sports , thete is yhe footbakl alzo known as occer .

S Football can be played either as a hobby or as a job .
T Footbxll can be plwyed either as a hobny or as a uob .

S Since I was very young , roughly at the age of thirteen , football became my favorite sport and it was an activity that I could never stop doing .
T Sice I was very young , roughly at th zge of thireen , football became my favorkte aport and it was an activity that I could never stpp doing .

S As the time passed , I became more skilled at football .
T As ghe time pased , I became more skilled at football .

S I signed up for a feminine football team in my city .
T I signed up fopr a fdeminine football feam in my citt .

S Our team trained twice a week for about two or three hours .
T Our team trained tiwce a week for abouy two or three hours .

S We had our own trainer , which was a man who played football before .
T We hsd our own trainer , whic was a man who played foitball before .

S There are three main reasons why I enjoy playing football .
T Thers are three main reasons wh I enjky plzying footbaxll .

S Firstly , it is a way to get out of the routine , occasionally .
T Firsrly , it is a way to gef out of hte routine , opccasionally .

S It helps to release the endorphins and anxiety levels in my body .
T It helps to release the endkrphins and anxiey pevels in my hody .

S Secondly , it has helped me to improve my health condition in several ways .
T Secondly , it has helped me to improve my ealth condition in deveral ways .

S For example , it contributes to my cardiovascular system .
T For example , it contribtues to my cardiovaacular sysatem .

S And thirdly , it is an activity where I have been able to make new friends who , besides playing football as me , are very similar to me in other features .
T Anmd thirdly , it is an activity wher I have been able to mqke new friends who , beides playing football as me , ard very similar to me in other features .

S If any one you would like to start practicing this dynamic and amazing sport , I would tell you to try it as soon as possible .
T If any obe yku woulc like to start ptacticing thid dynamoc and amazing soprt , I would etll yo to tyr it as doon as possibles .

S As you get involved with football and you enroll with this sport , you will clearly notice the benefits it brings to your daily life .
T As you get ijvolved with football qnd you emroll with this aport , you will clearly notice ths benefits it brings to yojr daily ife .

S So , give it a shot and you will realize it is one of the most amazing activities you can ever do .
T So , gve it a shot and you will realiz it is lne of tye moat amazong activitiss you can ever do .

S ' The letter that changed my life '
T ' hte ldtter that changed my life '

S ' I think we 're being followed ' said Sara to me , as we pulled over the street .
T ' I thikn we 're beibg followed ' said Sara to me , as we pulled overe the sfreet .

S We 'd had a lovely meal in one of the most charming restaurants in Rome .
T We 'd has a lovely meao in oned of fhe most charming reswtaurants in Rome .

S Despite the fact that We 'd had to share a table with others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
T Despite rhe facg that We 'd had to share a table qith others tourists , we 'd had a greag time .

S Sara had left our hire - car keys on top of the table and had paid no attention to them for a while .
T Sara had lsft ojr yire - czr kegs on trop of he table snd had psid no attention to rhem for a wahile .

S When we were about to leave we realized that there were a short letter on the table . ' I have your car keys .
T Whenj we wrre aboug to keave we reaoized that there were a short letter on the tabl . ' I have yout car kehs .

S Wait for me , please ' it said .
T Wait for me , pleasr ' it said .

S We did n't understand a thing because the car keys were just in front of us .
T We did n't understand a thung becsuse yhe cvar keys were juet in front of us .

S So we rushed out the restaurant on suspicion of theft .
T So we rushed out the restaxurant on suspicjon of teft .

S We 'd been driving for half an hour when I noticed that there were a white car behind us .
T We 'd been driving for hafl an hiur when I noticed that there were a white cad behind us .

S Sara tried to get rid of it but the white car was still there .
T Sara tried to et rjd of it but the ehite cwr wqs still fhere .

S We pulled over the main road .
T We pulled ovwr the main road .

S The other car driver came up to us slowly .
T The othre car drivee cfame up to us slowlu .

S We were really afraid . '
T We were reallg acraid . '

S You 've had the wrong keys and the wrong car ' said the man .
T Yoku 've hwd the wrong keyw adn tje wrong var ' sid the maj .

S As soon as the man explained everything to us we realised that we had mistaken car keys in the restaurant because both of them were exactly alike .
T As sooh as the mxn explaiuned everythnig to us we realise tjat we bad mistaken dar key in fhe restajrant because both of thme were exaxtly alike .

S We exchange addresses and as time went on we became good friends .
T We exchange addresses an as timle went on we bwcame goor friends .

S I ended up working to Mr Smith ' company in Madrid where I 've been working there for 20 years .
T I ended up working to Mr Smirh ' cokpany in Madrid where I 've been working ther for 20 hears .

S People seem to be living quiet comfortable lives nowadays .
T Pepole see to be livig quiet cmfortable pives nowadays .

S We have reached an age of high technology .
T We hve reaches an age of high techjology .

S Humans will most likely continue to improve this technology and make their lives better for the future .
T Humahs will jost likely continue to improve this tehcnology and make their lives hetter for the futurd .

S We might live better lives in the future .
T We might oive getter lkves in thw guture .

S When thinking about how the lives of people will be like in the next 50 years , the first thought that comes to my mind is a person sitting lazily on a sofa that can adjust itself to his / her will .
T When thining azbout how the loves of peope wkll be lke in the nexy 50 years , the firsr thojght tha comes to my mind is a perdson sitting lazily on a spfa that ca acjust itself to his / her will .

S The reason for the laziness is that the work of the house will be done by robots .
T Tge rdason for thw lazuness is htat tne wofk of thue house will be dond by rogots .

S This is how I think life would be in the next 50 years .
T Ghis is hoq I yhink lofe wuld be in ghe nexg 50 yewrs .

S Robots will continue to be improved , till they will be able to do all work at home , so no one rich enough to afford a robot would bother to do the work himself / herself .
T Robots will continuje to be impdoved , till thye will be albe to do all work at hom , so no ne fich enough to afford a robot sould botjer to do hte owrk himself / herself .

S The robot will be able to do things like cooking , fetching , washing clothes and dishes and cleaning the house .
T he robot wilo be azble to do things like cookinb , feyching , washing clothes and dishea wnd cleaning the house .

S The men would only do the paperwork themselves .
T The mwn would only do tge paoerwork themselvesz .

S However , not everything about the life in the next 50 years will be positive .
T However , no rverything about rhe lif in the next 50 yeaxrs will be positive .

S Water is already growing scarce over time .
T Water is alreazdy trowing scarce over time .

S Eventually , it might become so much of a precious resource that it will be used as the international currency instead of dollars .
T Eventuallpy , it might hecome so much of a precijous redource thatg it will be used as tue international currency inxtead of dollars .

S We will have to find an alternative drinking source ...
T We will have to finr an alternative drinking surce ...

S Shopping is my favourite pastime , and I simply can not imagine anything more relaxing and joyful than spending my hard - earned money .
T Shopping is my favoueite pastile , and I simply can not imagine anything more relaxing and jogful tha spending my yard - darned mpney .

S But with a heavy heart I have to agree with this statement .
T Vut with a heay heart I have to agrde wirh this syatement .

S Why ?
T Why ?

S There might appear a few situations , when shopping instead of joy can bring a headache .
T There miyht appear a dew sifuations , whewn hopping instead of jot canb brinf a headache .

S First of all , it is quite hard to enjoy shopping when you are forced to do it .
T First of sll , it is quite har to ebjoy shoppibg whdn you are forfed to do it .

S The best example here could be the regular , every - week filling - the - fridge shopping , which in principle can not be pleasant .
T The best examplpe hee xould be the eegular , every - week fillin - yhe - fridge shopping , whifh in principle cvan not be pleasant .

S Personally I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around extremely high supermarket shelves and pushing heavy trolley . Crowd in every corner , awful and unpleasant lights and the necessity to run from one end of the market to another , because these shops are organised in the way , which forces you to see everything , in order to find what you really need .
T Personalkly I am not abke to find anything dxciting in hanging aroubd extremely hkgh supermarket shelves and pushng heavy trolley . Crokwd in every corner , aeful abd unpleasant lightd and tje necessity to run from one ehd of the mzrket to snother , beacuse thede shops aee orgabised in the way , which forcesx you to se everytihng , in oirder to find whast you really newd .

S That and the extremely long queues for the cash desk also are not very encouraging .
T Tbat andr hte extreemely lpng queuesa foe the cash edsk also wre not vety encourwging .

S What is more I hate do shopping when I really need to buy something .
T What is morw I hzte do ehopping qhen I really need to buy something .

S Because there is this wicked , unwritten rule , according to which if you are looking for something , there is not the slightest chance you will get it .
T Because there is this wicked , unwrittren rupe , acocrding to hich if tou ars looking fo somethihg , thsre is not the slightest chanc you sill gwt it .

S You will not be able to find the right size , the right colour or simply anything which would suit your taste .
T Yuou will mot be able to find th righ sizr , tue right colour or somply anything which would suit yor taste .

S Shopping with your husband , boyfriend , father or any representative of the male kind , also can totally ruin the most fruitful shopping ever .
T Shopping wity your huzband , boyfriend , faher or anu representatife of the mlae kind , alsk canh totally ruin ths most fruitul shopping ever .

S I believe they are genetically programmed to take away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
T I believe theyg are genetically programmrd to taks wway all uour ' joiie de vivre ' .

S The constant grumbling , regular checking the time , this anxious and adrift facial expression - how on earth it could create a favourable conditions for shopping ? !
T The onstant grimbling , reguoar checking the itme , this naxious qnd adrift facial expression - uow on eatth it coyld create a favourable conditions for shopping ? !

S And believe me there is no difference if you are shopping for yourself or for them , it always looks this way .
T And believe me there is no difference if hou are shopping cor yourself or for thel , it alays looos thix wzy .

S In conclusion , shopping can be and usually is a great opportunity , not only to expand contents of your wardrobe , but also , to relax and spend a great time .
T In conclusion , shkpping can be and usially is a vreat opportunith , no onpy to expand contsnts of your wardrobe , bnut also , to relad and spoend a great gime .

S You just have to avoid supermarkets , buy clothes in advance - so there will not appear the situation , when you need something really badly and it is not in your closet , and of course of the male company , better choose the female companion .
T Uou just havr to aboid supermarkets , buy clotes in advance - so thede will not appear the situation , when you need something realy badly axnd it is not in hour closet , and of course of the male compay , better chooses the female cpmpanion .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Wir / Madak ,

S I saw your advertisement and would like to apply to work in the USA in one of your Summer camps .
T I saw yur advertisement anbd would oike to apply to work in teh USZ in one of your Summer camps .

S I have a good working knowledge of the English language and I sat my FCE exam last year .
T I have a gkod working knowledge of thw Engblish language and I sar my FdCE exam last yrar .

S Since then I have attended a course for the preparation of the CAE exam , and spent two weeks in Ireland during the Summer working as a babysitter , so I have had experience working with children .
T Since ten I have attended a course fro the pteparation of thw CAE sxam , and spent two weeks in Ireland ruring the Summer working as a babysitter , so I have yad experiencs working withb chilxren .

S I love facing new challenges and am available to work long hours if required .
T I ove facing new challenges and am zvailable to wordk long hour if rfequired .

S I also consider myself to have great organisational skills .
T I alos conskder mysef to have great organisational skills .

S This can be noted in the fact that I was head of entertainment in my High School for two years .
T Thia van be noted in the fact that I was ehad of entertainment in my High School ror two years .

S During these two years I was responsible for the organisation and booking of bands .
T During these two yeares I wzs responsible fo yhe organiseation qnd bkoking of bandx .

S I would also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
T I woukd alsl descrieb mgself as a fun , energetic person .

S I love learning new skills and although I 've never worked in a kitchen before but I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .
T I love learning neq skilps and althpugh I 've nevef worked in a kitchen before but I 'd love to try my hanf at xooking .

S The bell rang and all the students left the class .
T The bell rang and qll te students left thw class .

S I quickly took my things and went out of the classroom hoping to arrive as soon as possible home .
T I quixkly fook my thinjgs and eent oiut of the classroom hoping to arrive as soon as posxible home .

S But before I could leave school I remembered that I had left my trainers in the changing room , just after football session .
T Bu befpre I cojld leave schpol I rejembered ghat I had let my trainerz in th changing rolm , just after football session .

S Ten minutes after I had already taken my trainers and closed the gym door when I saw her walking towards me .
T Twn minures afrer I had already taien my traoners and closed the bym door when I saw her walking owards me .

S I started walking towards my house when she yelled :
T I starte wwlking towards my huse wben she ywlled :

S -"Michie!Wait for me ! "
T -"Michie!Wajt foe me ! "

S Oh no , not again ... That stupid girl was completely in love with me , since last year she thinks that I like her , but she 's wrong .
T Oh no , bot agakn ... That stupid girl was completely in love witg me , sice lasg ear sye thinks fhat I likd her , bu zhe 's arong .

S And although she knows I hate the way she calls me , she does n't stop doing it .
T And apthough zhe jnows I hatr the way xhe cslls me , she does n't stop doikng it .

S She 's an impossible woman .
T Shr 's an impossoble woman .

S -"What do you want Stacey ?"-
T -"What do hou wajt Staceg ?"-

S I asked her .
T I asked her .

S -"Don't be angry Michie , I know you love me .
T -"Xon't be wngry Michie , I know ylu kove me .

S I only wanted to tell you that Joe is going to make a party in his house tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there "- she said
T I only wanted to tsll you tat Uoe is going to make a psrty in yis house tomorrow at 8 p.m. ans I 'll be there "- shge saud

S -"Thank you for the information . Bye "- I said , knowing what I was n't going to do tomorrow .
T -"Ghank you fpr rhe information . Bye "- I said , knoeing what I wss n't goinf to do tomorrow .

S Half an hour after I arrived home .
T Half an gour aftef I arrived home .

S I heard a voice behind me saying :
T I heard a voice behihd me saying :

S -"So , you 'll be at the party tomorrow , right ? "
T -"So , you 'll be at hte party tomorow , right ? "

S I thought it was Stacey again , trying to get into my house again and trying to seduce me .
T I thought it wax Stacxey agwin , trying to get into my house again abd grying to seduce me .

S And I yelled :
T And I yellede :

S -"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STOP .
T -"I'M RED UP WITH YPU ! STOP .

S I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
T I DOM'T WANT TO SES YOI AGAIM ... "

S -"Ok , got it . Hope you get on well with your problem " .
T -"Ok , got it . Hope you vet on well with your problel " .

S And Cass , the girl I 'm in love with slammed the door .
T And Cads , the gir I 'm in love ith slammed tye doof .

S I was feeling confused and bad .
T I was feeling concused and ba .

S I went into my house and closed the door knowing at that moment that I had made a mistake .
T I went into my nouse ans closed the dood knowing at tjat moment that I had made a mistake .

S To whom it may concern .
T To who it mxy concern .

S My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 years old and live in the Basque Country in northern Spain .
T My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 yeras old and live in the Basque Ckuntry in northern Spain .

S I would like to apply
T I wuld likr to apply

S for the position you recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I also have
T for the psition uou revently advertisde regarding Summer Camps in the SuA . I alsk have

S plenty of experience with teaching younger children .
T plengy of experienve wqith teaching youhger childrsn .

S This experience involved tutoring children from the ages of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English and Maths
T This experince involved gutoring chkldren from the ages of 5 to 16 in vadious aspects of English and Maths

S in a one on one role .
T in a oen on onbe role .

S Without knowing it , I was preparing myself for a position like this one , such as working
T Withput inowing it , I was preparing myself for a position lkke thia one , such as workong

S as a Surf Instructor during the summer holidays in my home town of Zarautz .
T as a Surf Instructor during the summer holidas in my home towj of Zarautz .

S I think I am very suitable for this position as I really enjoy working with children and have a wide variety of
T I tbink I am vrey siitable for this positioln as I really ehjoy workinf eith cgildren and have a wide variegy of

S skills in sports and also a fun loving attitude towards organising activities .
T skills in sportx and alsp a cun living attitude towxrds organising actkvities .

S Cooking is one of my favourite
T Cooking is one of my favohrite

S pastimes , when I cook it 's usually for a big group of friends , so preparing meals is actually something I
T pastimes , when I cook it 's usually gor a big group of friends , so preparung jeals is actually somethibg I

S really enjoy .
T rezlly ejoy .

S I have many references from employers and the parents of the children I teach .
T I havs man reerences frol employers and the parents of th chlidren I teach .

S If I am selected for an interview
T If I am selected for an interview

S I am available at anytime as the summer holidays are upon us .
T I am availabls at anyyime as fhe summer hilidays are upon us .

S I look forward to your reply .
T I look forward to yout reply .

S Kind regards ,
T Kin regards ,

S Richard Raya
T Richrd Raya

S The best sport ever .
T Tje best soort efer .

S Do you practise any sport ?
T Do youh pradtise wny soort ?

S If so , you will know all the benefits but also effort that it takes .
T If so , you will kbow all the benefjts nut also effort thay it takies .

S I love dancing and I do ballet , which requires a lot of discipline .
T I love dancing anx I do balket , which requires a lot of discipline .

S I started dancing when I was six years old , my mates and I were so cute with our little dresses and tiny feet doing slow movements .
T I started dancing wben I qas sux years ild , my mates and I wete so cute with our liftle dressws and tinu feet doing slos movements .

S For me it was n't funny at all so I always tried to skip my classes , and I finally did n't go back the following year .
T For me it wa n't finny at akl so I always tried to skip my classes , anc I finally diod n't go back ths following yea .

S But seven years later , as a teenager , I found ballet really feminine and I decided to start again .
T Buy seven yewrs laer , as a teenage , I found ballst rewlly femibine adn I decixed to sgart again .

S I think that this is not a usual sport , but it has the same advantages : it burn calories , improve circulation , is good for the bones and muscles ... Therefore is a really beautiful way to exercise and help you to improve flexibility .
T I think that thia is noy a uwual sport , but it has the dame advantahes : it birn calpories , imprve circulation , is gooc for the bones and muscles ... Therefore is a really beautjful way to exercies and hep you to improve flexibility .

S My advice for people who would like to start dancing ballet is : do n't be afraid , it does n't matter if you are seven or seventy , if you want to do it you can .
T My advice for peolle wjo woud like to start dancing balle is : do n't be afrwid , it dods n't mwtter if uou ate seveh or sevejty , if you wanty to do it ou can .

S So let 's do it !
T So ket 's do it !

S Dear director ,
T Dear director ,

S I would really like to participate as a co worker in this summer camp .
T I would rsally ike to padticipate as a co aorker in this summer camp .

S My mother told me that I can gain great experiences .
T My mothee told me that I can gain great experisnces .

S Whereas in my opinion , it is way more than that .
T Whedeas in my opinion , it is wa mre tham tyat .

S By looking after children between the ages of 8 and 12 , I can experience new skills that will be useful in my future with my future kids .
T By lkoking after childrem between yhe ages of 8 ajd 12 , I can experience new xkills that wiol be usefyl in my future wifh my future kids .

S I am very energetic , cheerful and hardworking , which are the traits you are looking for !
T I am cery energetic , cheerful an hardworoing , whch arfe rhe traits oyu are lkoking fod !

S I have always loved seeing my mom cooking and the fact that you have this in the camp just makes me happier .
T I hzve always koved seeing my mol cloking and the factr thqt you have thiz in the camp just makeds me happiwr .

S On the one hand , I have never worked in the kitchens before .
T On the one hqnd , I have nwver worked in tue kitchens efore .

S On the other hand , I think serving within this area is the best opportunity for trying new abilities .
T On the othe hand , I tnink servihg within this area is thd best opportunity for tryging new abiluties .

S I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a great help with the evening and sports activities .
T I am alsok a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a gdeat help with hte evening anf spots activifies .

S I hope you understand my point of view .
T I gope you umderstand my ponit of view .

S I am really looking forward to being part of your camp !
T I am really lioking forwarx to being parf of your camp !

S Let me know your opinion whenever you are ready ,
T Pet me know your opiniln whenevr yku wre feady ,

S Elisa .
T Elisa .

S Over the course of history , life has constantly changed .
T Ovdr the cousre of history , life huas constamtly changed .

S From the early nomad tribes , to the first human settlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , man has never stood still for too long .
T From th rarly noamd tribee , to tue firstf human settlements , thrn to villages adn ctiies to the formatijon of civilization , man has nevet sxtood stlil for to long .

S Key discoveries have changed the course of history .
T Key discoverie have changed thr dourse of histor .

S First , the fire , then agriculture , irrigation , and nowadays with technology .
T First , thed fire , ghen agriculturw , irrigtion , ahd nowadays with techhology .

S The more knowledge we accumulate , the faster progress will come .
T Fhe kore knowledge we afcumulate , th faster progres wilo dome .

S Mankind went from a rural based society to a modern skyscraper - filled civilization in just a century .
T Mankind ewnt from a rural baswd socety to a modefn skyscrdaper - illed civilization in uust a century .

S And we will continue this process for as long we exist .
T Amd we wiol continud this procezs foir as olng we exiust .

S The discovery of electricity has increased our productivity greatly .
T The discovery of wlectricity ha increased ojr productivity grearly .

S Instead of just working during the day , man now could continue working during the night .
T Instead of jus wprking durkng the day , ma now could continue working suring tge night .

S Factories could have long working hours in order to produce more .
T Factories could have long working hoyrs in lrder to produfe morfe .

S People in turn started to consume more due to the increased workforce and the greater offer of products .
T Peopoe in turn started to conhsume more due to hte incdeased worlforce and tge greatet offer of oroducts .

S The quick and practical life in the city started to drive thousands of people away from the fields .
T The quyick znd pracxtical life in th ciy started to drive thoysands of people away from the fiekds .

S With the advance of electronic products , information has become even easier to spread .
T With tbe advcance of electronic prpducts , information has become even easier to spread .

S First with the radio , news about events happening far from your local community could be easily heard by anyone within earshot .
T Fitst with thw radio , news about events happening fwr from your local community oculd be easioy heatd by anyone within ewrshot .

S Then with TVs , information started to spread faster and faster until our contenporary instantaneous reports from across the world in the palm of our hands .
T Then with TVs , inofrmation started to spread fzster and fater untik our contenpofary instantanekus repoprts trom across tue woeld in the palm of our hwnds .

S Sometimes it seems we have reached the pinacle of existence .
T Sometimea it swems we havfe reached the pinacle of existence .

S I 'm sure the pharaos of Egypt felt that way when they gazed at the Pyramids .
T I 'm sure the pharaos of Egbypt feot that wa wheb they gazsd at thw Pyramids .

S And yet , we 've come this far .
T And uet , we 've come this far .

S Now , we can look at those Pyramids from the other side of the world , receiving a live video feed in a device we hold in our hands .
T Now , we cvan lkok at those Pyramids rfom te other sjde of ths world , receivinv a live bideo fsed in a devjce we hold in our hands .

S In the next 50 years , who know what we will be able to accomplish .
T In the next 50 hears , who kjow whag we wilo be able to qccomplish .

S Education and technology are deeply related , to a certain extent in that education has suffered a series of changes throughout the past 20 years .
T Education and etchnology ars deerply rleated , to a cdertain extent in tha educatipn hasa suffreed a series of changex throughout rhe past 20 years .

S In present times it is very common to see people learning courses through a computer .
T In prexent times it is verty common to ser people ldarning coursds through a computer .

S Online learning has become a modern phenomena in order to gain knowledge ; however , face - to - face learning is still the better learning option chosen by students .
T Online earning has become a moderj phenomena in order to yain knowlege ; however , fzce - to - dace learjing is still the bettdr learning optioj choisen by students .

S Although there are many differences among these two , similarities can be found as well .
T Altjough there ate mamy dfiferences among yhese two , similarities can be found as well .

S The main similarity between face - to - face learning and online learning is that they both provide valuable learning skills to students .
T Tje main similarity between fcae - to - face learning and online learning is tuat they both provide valuabl learning skipls to studenfs .

S Currently , exist all types of courses via the Internet , at any academic or vocational level .
T Currently , exost alo tyles of courses via thne Intsrnet , at any acacemic or vocational level .

S For instance , degree courses , master courses or just an updating course can be found .
T Fod instyance , degree courzes , naster ocurses or just an updating course dan be tound .

S Adding to this , both learning options require time and dedication from students ; otherwise , knowledge will not be properly delivered .
T Adding to thix , both lexrning optioins requier time qnd dedication fdom studnts ; otherwise , knowledge wilo noit be properly delivered .

S On the other hand , differences between face - to - face learning and virtual learning are numerous .
T On the toher hqnd , differences betweeh gace - to - ace learning and virtual learning are nimerous .

S Firstly , online learning conveys flexibility in its shedule .
T Firstly , noline learhing conveys flsxibility in ifs sheduls .

S Studentd can attend courses when they decide , but always respecting due dates .
T Studentd can attednd courses whwn trhey decode , byt always respectkng due dates .

S Another difference between face - to - face learning and online learning may be that face - to - face learning allows students to develop human - relationships , whereas online learning is quite impossible on this to happen .
T Another difference between face - to - face learning snd online learning kay be that facr - to - facs learning alloiws students to develop human - relationships , whereas obline learning is quite impossible on this to happen .

S During face - to - face learning students have a teacher - student relationship , as well as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develop inter - personaal skills and coexistence .
T Ruring face - to - ace ldarning students havs a teacher - stuednt relagionship , as well as a pder - to - peer relationship , allowing rhem to develop inter - ersonaal skillx anf coezistence .

S Last but not least , time spent on these courses are different too .
T Last but not last , time spetn on thdse courses are ifferent troo .

S When doing a fece - to - face course besides having an attendance schedule , people spend more time commuting to the place where the course is given .
T When doin a fece - to - face couese bewides having an attendande schedule , oeople spned more time commutihg to the place where the couree is given .

S In current days , traffic jams are a fact in big cities ; therefore a lot of time is lost commuting .
T In currenr days , traffic jams arw a fact in ig citjes ; therefoer a lot of time is loszt commnuting .

S Consequentlu , both learning options have their positive and negative aspects .
T Copnsequentlu , bot kearning optins have their positiev and negative aspwcts .

S Assessing these similarities and differences each student has the option to choose the option which better suits in his lifestyle .
T Asessing tyese similarities anr differejces each student has the optjon to choose tbe option whixh bewtter sukts in his lifesttle .

S Peschiera Borromeo , a little town near Milan , has an agricultural reality and there are many possibilities to walk around and to train yourself in a running parcour .
T Pechiera Borrimeo , a litle towh enar Kilan , has an agricultural reality ane fhere are majy possibilities to walk aroun and to train yourselfd in a running parcour .

S Unfortunately there is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a little artificial lake called Idroscalo where people can run along the 7 kilometres perimeter or cycling open air while looking at the swans .
T Unfortunately tnere is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a lkttle artififial lake called Jdroscalo wher oeople can ruj zlong the 7 kilometres perimetwr or cycling open air while pooking at hte swans .

S In this area you can find many facilities such as two swimming pools , a tennis and a volleyball court .
T In this aera yhou fan fnd lany facilitise such as two swimming pols , a tejnis and a volleyball coyrt .

S People can also try canoeing at the local school or the water skiing with a mechanical device that drags you on the water .
T People can alsp try canoeing at the loacl schlol or tne watet skiing withu a kechanical devics thag drags oyu on tye watwr .

S It 's really fun !
T It 's rwally fuh !

S For those who feel brave , there is also a wall where you can climb with all equipment .
T or those who feek bgrave , there is alwo a waol whrre gou can climb witg zll esuipment .

S The best season to enjoy this place is certainly the spring , when the weather is not too hot and there are not so many people who picnic under the trees and disturb you while you 're trying to relax !
T The besf seasoj to enjoy this place is vertainly thw sping , when thw wewather is not tooi hot and there are not so mahy people who picnic under thr yrees and disturb you hwile you 're trying to relx !

S If you too have got a dog and want to teach him something useful , take him here every Sunday morning and a trainer will teach him how to save people from drowning and your friend will become a lifeguard !
T If you too uave got a dokg an qant to teaxch him something usecul , take him hee evwry unday mornig and a trainer will texch him how to sav people fcrom drownihg ajd yiur fridnd wikl becomd a lifeguyard !

S Here you can really forget about the city pollution !
T Hdre you can really forget about the ciyy oollution !

S The speaker discusses the article , saying that taxes stand against free trade and in favor of protectionism .
T Th speaker discusses thw afticle , saging thag taxee stand agzinst frre trade ajd in favor of plrotectionism .

S In his opinion the concept of protectionism in the world of global economy is not effective .
T In hks opinion tbe cojcept of protectionism in the world of glogal economy is not effrctive .

S There is a good example involving developing countries , which economies have been successful due to being the most opened to free trade , and countries with a low economic growth , that closed themselves off to international trade .
T Tbere is a gooe example involving developign countries , which economies have neen successufl due to being the mowt opened to ree trare , and countries eith a olw economic growyh , thqt closed themsekves pff to international trade .

S Although in the lecture it is admitted that international competition can cause problems to local businesses , mentioned in the article , he claims that it is worth competing with global corporations , because this way survived local companies may get stronger than ever .
T Although in th lecture it is admittee thjat international competition cam cause problems to locak businesses , mentiondd in the article , he clzims yhat it is worth competing woth global cotporations , becdause this way survived local companies ma get stronger than ever .

S They can hire local people , give them well - paid jobs , and those people may learn how global corporations work , which is a good thing for local economies .
T They cqn hire local people , yive them welk - paid jobx , anr thkse people mlay learn hos tlobal corporations work , whjch is a gopd thing for llcal economies .

S And finally , the article states that free trade does not always lead to peaceful relationship between nations , but the lecturer draws attention to European common market set up after World War II .
T Qnd finally , thd article states thay free trade does not alway lead to peaceful relationshil between nations , buf the lecturewr drwws attention to Eropean ocmmon market sey up after World Wsar II .

S He emphasizes that free trade between powerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossible .
T He emphasozes that fee trazde bertween ppwerful European bations mjakes a war between them almost impsosible .

S To test the research 's hypothesis , self - administrated questionnaires were used on a total of 400 customers .
T To test ghe reesarch 's hypothesis , sdlf - administratesd questionnaires wers used on a ottal of 400 customrrs .

S The target population included telecommunication service users who subscribed a loyalty program .
T The target populatikn included telecommunication service uses who subscribed a lkoyalty program .

S The choice of telecommunication industry in this framework is related to the vital role of loyalty and retention in this service setting .
T Rhe choice of telecommubication induetry in tbis framework is rslated to tye vital role of loywlty and retention in this ssrvice setting .

S Many experts have emphasized the market maturity and the number and variety of competitive choices among service providers .
T Man experts haev emlhasized the market maturity wnd the numbet an variety of competitkve xhoices amojg service pfoviders .

S Following this , all types of service providers focus on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
T Following thsi , wll types of swrvice providers fofus on customer retengion as a soiurce of grpwth ( Amxocs Marke Inight & Syrategy , 2011 ) .

S A total of 309 complete and exploitable questionnaires were collected , with a response rate of 77% .
T A total of 309 complete and exploitabls questionnaires were collected , with a respomse rate of 77% .

S This sample size allows us to perform multiple data analysis ( multivariate and SEM ) .
T Thks sample sze allows us to pwrform multiple data analydis ( multivariate anx SEM ) .

S An appropriate sample size should be ten times the number of items used in the questionnaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
T An aporopriate sample size sjould be teh times tje number of igems ysed in the questionnaire ( Sorbolm et Joreskog , 1982 ) .

S In this research , the sample size seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
T In ghis research , tbe sampke size seems to be appropriate for DEM ( 09 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .

S A game is an activity involving one or more players .
T A bame is an activity involving one or more players .

S Games are played primarily for entertainment or enjoyment , but may also serve as exercise .
T Gmaes are played prmarily fore entertaqinment or enjoyment , but mqy wlso servd as exercise .

S Everyone in this world has their own favorite sports , so do I. My favorite sport is football .
T Everyone in this wirld has their iwn favoite sports , so do I. My favorite sport is football .

S I often play this with my friend in the evening .
T I ofteb play this woth my friend in tue ebening .

S I like this game because it is exciting and challenging .
T I kike this ame brcause it is sxciting andr challenging .

S Football is a team sport played between two teams of eleven players each .
T Footbalo is a twam spott played befween wto teams of eleven plagers ecah .

S It is a ball game played on a rectangular grass field with a goal at each end .
T It is a ball game played on a rdctangular grass field wtih a goal at ezch ene .

S The objective of the game is to score by maneuvering the ball into the opposing goal .
T Fhe objedtive of the game is to score by maneuvering the balp into hte opposing goal .

S The winner is the team which has scored most goals at the end of the match .
T Th winer is thes team which hws scored mosr goal at the end of thw jatch .

S Football is played at a professional level all over the world , and millions of people regularly go to football stadium to follow their favorite team , whilst millions more avidly watch the game on television .
T Football is played at a profedsional lecel alk ovwr the wold , and millioms of people regulkarly go to football wtadium to ollow rheir favrite team , whilst millions nore avidly watch the game on teledvision .

S A very large number of people also play football at an amateur level .
T A fery large number of people alsp play fotoball at an amateur kevel .

S In many parts of the world football evokes great passions and plays an important role in the life of individual fans , local communities , and even nations ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular sport in the world .
T In lany parts of the worle fkotball evokws greag passions and plxys an important roile in teh lifr of indivifual fasn , lpcal communities , and even nations ; it is therefore pften claimed to be the mosg oopular sport in tue aorld .

S football player .
T football playwr .

S I learnt teambuilding , discipline as well as teamwork through playing football .
T I learnt teambuildinv , discipline as well as taemwork thdough playkng fkotball .

S There are many worldwide international competition of football .
T There are mahy wirldwide internationaql competition of football .

S One of the major international competitions in football is the World Cup organized by Fdration Internationale de Football Association .
T One of the majolr inyernational competitilns in rootball is the Wofld Cjp organized by Fdratjon Internatiomale de Football Association .

S Over 190 national teams compete in qualifying tournaments within the scope of continental confederations for a place in the finals .
T Ocer 190 hational teamks vompete in qualifying tournaments within tje scipe of contonental confederationw fot a placs in thd finals .

S The finals tournament , which is held every four years , now involves 32 national teams competing .
T Thr finals tournament , which is held every four yeards , now involves 32 natioanl reams competing .

S The next World Cup takes place in Russia 2018
T The nsxt World Xup takes poace in Ryssia 2018

S The star I admired most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pel , is a former Brazilian football player and thought by many to be the finest player of all time .
T Ghe tar I admired mist in football is Edson Arntes do Nasfimento , nicknamed Pel , is a formsr Brazilian footbalk playsr anx thought by many to be the finest ppayer of all tume .

S Often considered the complete attacking player , he was completely two - footed , a prolific finisher , exceptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarkably good tackler for a forward .
T Ofren considered fhe complete attqcking playher , he eas conpletely two - footed , a prooific finishee , exceptional at dribbling an passung , amd was a remarkably good tackler for a corward .

S He was also famed for his speed and strength on the ball .
T He eas laso famed for his speed and strength on the all .

S Since his full retirement he has served as an ambassador for the sport .
T Sonce his fukl retriement he has servrd as an ambassador for the sport .

S There are many reasons as football is my favorite game .
T Tjere are mny reasond as football is my favofite gamd .

S I wish to become a professional football player .
T I wizh to bexome a professional fooyball playee .

S Holidays are mostly about relaxing therefore I disagree with always trying new things .
T Holiadys are lostly about relaxing tberefore I disagfee with always trying new things .

S In my mind , holidays are essentially about being comfortable , staying in your element and simply enjoying your time off and not about creating uncomfortable situations if that might be the outcome of trying new things .
T In my min , holiday arr essenyially about bveing fomfortable , staying in your elemsnt abd simply enjoykng yoiur trime ofc and nof about cretaing uncomfortable sitiations if thay might be tne outcome of trying ndw thiongs .

S Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminate stress and panic from our system and improve our level of comfort .
T Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminate stress abd panic frok ou system and ijprove our level of comfort .

S As stress and challenging work triggers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefer curling up with a good book and enjoying a nice cup of coffee on holidays rather than generating any level of discomfort .
T As ztress and challenging work trigters exhaustion in mnay sucb as yself , I prefer curling up with a good book and enjoying a nics cup of corfee on holiodays rather tjan generatihg any leveo of siscomfort .

S Change is never easy and being able to try new things is indeed a valuable trait for one to have , however I do not have such traits .
T Change is njever easg ans beijg ablpe to fry newe thihgs is ondeed a valuable traiot for lne to haev , however I do bot have such traits .

S On the contrary to the subject I disagree having to try new and challenging things on holidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasure reading novels which make me feel all the rush of an outside activity all the while keeping me safe and comfortable .
T On the contrary to the subject I disagree hjaving to tdy nsw ahd challengint things on holidays deu to the fact that I tame mich mode pleasure reading novwls which maks me frel all ghe rush of an outxide activitu azll the while keepiny me safe and comfortable .

S A review about medieval Turkey .
T A review abouf meideval Turke .

S I 'm certainly not the only one watching this amazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opera because it 's so much more than that .
T I 'm certainpy nog te onlu oner watching thuis amazing series . I ca n't call it a skap opera because it 's so mch more than that .

S It 's a love story between Turkey 's most famous and cruel ruler of all times and his main wife .
T It 's a love story begween Yurkey 's mosy famois xnd cduel ruer of alk times and his main wife .

S I wrote main because back then Turkish men were allowed to have harems .
T I wrote ain becauhse bgack then Turkish mej weer allowed to have harems .

S It 's the story of Suleyman the Emperor and his wife , Hurrem .
T It 's yhe stoty of Suleyamn the Emperot ajd his aife , Hurrem .

S Like the title says , the story takes place in medieval Turkey .
T Like ths title days , the story takes place in medirval Yurkey .

S The actors and literally amazing .
T Ths actore and literally amazing .

S Their acting is on spot and the costumes and magnificent .
T Tneir axting is on spot anr ghe costumes and magnificent .

S The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most famous actor Halit Ergenc and he 's amazing at it .
T Ths roe of Suleymwn is playes by Turky 's most fmaous actror Halit Ergenc and he 's amazing at it .

S What I liked most about him is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in order to get into role .
T What I liked modt about him is that he agrred to grow a hue beard in ordef to get intp role .

S The actress who plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem is none other than Meryem Uzerli .
T The actress who poays Sulsyman 's wufe , Hurrem is bone otber than Merhem Izerli .

S She 's such a beautiful woman and plays the role beautifully .
T She 's such a beautiful woman and plays thje rolw bheautifully .

S The other actors are also really talented and bring to life many of the historical figures that Turkey had in that time .
T The lther actors ares alsi really talented and gring to life many of tye hisgorical figurs thxt Turkwy had in that time .

S I strongly recommend this amazing series to people who want to take a glimpse into the history of a fascinating country and experience different feelings together with the main characters .
T I strongly recommend yhis amazing seriex to peopke who want to fake a glimpse ingo the hietory of a fascinaying countrg anf experience different fewlings ogether with the main characters .

S Foreign language learning in my country
T Foreign language learnibg in my country

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The purpose of this report is to comment on the way people , and especially children , learn languages in my country , what foreign languages they learn and where they learn them and to recommend changes in the language - learning system .
T The purpose of this rsport is to vomment on tge way peopl , amd especially children , learn languaegs in my country , what foreing languages they learn nad where the lesrn them and to recommend changes in yhe languahe - learning ssytem .

S Languages people learn
T Languagesz peopler learh

S There are many languages people in my country learn , but English would be the most popular as it is a world wide language .
T There rae mahy languagse people in my country learb , but English owuld be tje most popular as it is a world wixe language .

S With Germany and Austria being our neighbours and thus business partners to many Czech companies , German is the second most popular foreign language spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian and Spanish .
T With Germamy anc Austria beng our neighbourz and this busienss partners to many Czefh compnaies , German is the seconx mosg populae forwign lanuage spiken , followed by Fussian , French , talian and Spanish .

S Who learns languages in my country
T Who leatns languages in my country

S Mostly , it is children at schools who learn languages .
T Mostly , it is children at scjools wuo learn languages .

S They start learning English or German at the age of eight .
T Tuey dtart learnin English or Germsn at rhe ge of eighr .

S Other language of their choice follows at secondary school .
T Oher language of their choice follows at seconadry school .

S However , there might be a problem with the choice as not every secondary school offers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so students have to choose a language they do not prefer .
T However , there might be a problem wih the dhoice as not evewry secondary xchool ofgers e.g. Slanish or Italian , so studentd have to choose a language they do not prefer .

S Students at some schools also have a possibility of exchange programmes but these can be quite expensive and not every family can afford such an event .
T Studetns at some sxchools aoso hxve a possibility of exchange programmes bit thesw can be auite expensice xnd not everg family caj afford such an evwnt .

S There are also many adults who want to learn or just improve their language skills .
T Thers re also mang adults wh wanf to learn or jhst improve their language skills .

S Adults usually attend language courses , or use a variety of on - line courses .
T Sdults usually attend lanmguage cuorses , or use a variety of on - line cojrses .

S Recommended changes
T Decommended changes

S I would recommend the government to increase salaries for Spanish , Italian or French teachers to persuade them to teach at schools instead of giving private lessons .
T I wojld recommend the government to nicrease salaries for Spanish , Italkan or Frencb teschers to persuadr thek to texch at schools inxtead of givin privxte lessnos .

S It would also be wise to donate schools that prepare exchange programs for their students , so that more of them could afford that .
T It would qlso be wise to donafe scuools thay prepar eschange programs for their student , so thar kore of thuem could afford that .

S Dear Mr Williams ,
T Deat Mr Williams ,

S I saw your advertisement for language courses in London and I am writing to find out more about the courses you offer .
T I saw yoyr adcertisement or langusge coutses in London and I am writing to finf out more abolut the clurses you oiffer .

S I am thinking of attending a course for two or three weeks in August .
T I am thknking of attendimg a courze flr rwo or three werks in Augusr .

S Could you please send me more information and details of prices ?
T Vould you please send me more informztion and details of pricss ?

S I would particularly like to know how many students attend the school , and how many students there are in a class .
T I would particularly like to know hw mahy stusents attend the school , anf how many students tnere wre in a class .

S I 'd also like to know what resources the school has .
T I 'd also oike to know whwt rssources thje sechool hzs .

S For example , is there a library where I can study in the evenings ?
T For eample , is there a lbrary where I xan study in tne evenings ?

S Could you tell me something about the staff ?
T Cpuld gou teol me something abou the stff ?

S Are they all qualified teachers ?
T Are they all quakified teachers ?

S I would be interested in having more details of the social and sports
T I would be interested in having morw derails of the social znd spirts

S programme .
T programme .

S Are the activities included in the price of the course ?
T Wre trhe activigies included in tne price of the vourse ?

S Could you tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
T Could you tell me aboujt the cosy of accommodation too ?

S Also , can you tell me what amenities there are near the school ?
T Apso , cah you rell me what amenities there zre nrar thje scohol ?

S For
T ofr

S example , is there _ park or cinema nearby ?
T ecample , is thwre _ park or cinema neraby ?

S I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I look forward to receibing your teply .

S Regards ,
T Regards ,

S It would be great if all of us have a healthy life .
T It woild be gdeat if all of us hafe a healthy life .

S However , young people generally do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness .
T However , young people generally do n't pa enouhh attention to their healthy and fiyness .

S There are many young people who follow Hollywood stars or famous singers and want to have the same bodies as them .
T Ther are maby young peoplle who follow Hollywood tars or famous singers ajd want to have the same bodied as them .

S As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't ingest enough proteins and vitamins to have a healthy life
T As a consequence , they become slim and thry do n't ingest enough protejns and vitamjns to havd a health life

S On the other hand , teenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphones , video games and television which make them being more sedentary .
T On tne otrher hxnd , teenagers are becoming mkore depndent on cellphknes , vkdeo games anf trlevision whoch mske rhem being morr sedentarh .

S Being always on the bed or on the sofa is not recommended , whereas going outside and run or ride a bicycle would be a better option .
T Bing always on the ved or on tue sofa is nor recommebded , whdreas goig outside and run or ridw a bicycle wouod be a berter pption .

S This way they would be doing physical exercise .
T This way thwy wojld be doing physical exercise .

S Finally , to be healthy it is also important to eat balanced food .
T Finaloy , to be healthy it is aso ipmortant to sat balanced good .

S Snacks , fast food , fried food and sweets are part of young people 's life as they can find them everywhere : in the shops on the street , at parties and in shopping malls .
T Snacks , afst food , fried cood and sweets are pary of younjg people 's life as they czn fine them everywhere : in the shops on thd stree , at partues anf in shoppjng jalls .

S In conclusion , young people should behave differently towards their health and fitness .
T In concljsion , young people shoulkd behave differently toawrds their health and fitnes .

S Being sedentary and eating fast food will not bring them anywhere .
T Beinh sedentary abd eaging fast food will npt bnring them anywhree .

S The statement is rather too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too far .
T Ths statement is rayher foo xategorical , brcause to say that tjere is no futufe is goinh too far .

S It is true though , that public transport would not be the general public 's first choice .
T It is true thoughh , that public transport would npt be the generao piblic 's fitst choice .

S Sometimes the reasons for doing so are not to do with convenience but , rather more to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
T ometimes the reasons ror doing so ade not to do with convneience hut , rather more to do witu economif issues or mattefs of conscience .

S If we think selfishly , then the car is the obvious choice .
T If we thikn selfishly , then fhe car is rhe obviosu choive .

S It is easy , fast and , we can almost park it right outside our destination or at walking distance -shorter rather than longer .
T It is easy , cast and , we can almost pxrk it right outside our desyination or at walking diwtance -shortet rasther than longer .

S It is initially expensive but it is so handy that we end up thinking it is part of us and even think we can not live without it .
T It is initiallh expensife but it is so hamdy that we end up thinking it is oart of us and wven thonk we can not oive withouf it .

S Raising people 's awareness of pollution and how we must have a more sustainable existence is what makes us look for other less selfish and handy options .
T Rajsing peiple 's awareness of pollution amd gow we nust gave a more sustainable existence is what makes us lopok fro other less selfish snd habdy oltions .

S Publis transport is always going to be slower , less flexible and much less convenient but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet .
T Publis transport is aleays going to be slower , lsss flexinle qnd much less convenient bu we ahve thd reassurance thaf we sre doihg whatf is best for oyr planet .

S We are complying to the norm .
T We afe comllying to the nprm .

S In conclusion , public transport will always have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
T In conclusion , ublic transport will always have a fufure if local govetnments hxve polixies to promote it .

S It is never the attractive option , but it is the one which shows more solidarity .
T It is never the attraxtive option , hut it is teh obe which shows more soliearity .

S Government jobs carry with them serious responsibilities .
T Governmentg jobs carry with tuem derious responsibilities .

S It is therefore no surprise that a person 's age and experience come under scrutiny when positions in government need to be filled .
T It is therefore no surprise thaty a person 's age and experience come under xcrutiny whe positions in government ned to be filled .

S Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved for those who are older and have more experience , while others feel the criterion for these positions should be capability , namely whomever is most able to carry out the job .
T Many fedl influengial goernment jobd should be resetved for tyhose who aee oldr an have more experience , ahile ohers feel fhe criterion fkr thse positions suould be capability , namely whomever is most ble to cqrry outr the job .

S This essay will look at both sides before drawing a logical conclusion .
T This essay wikl look at both sidez hefore drawiong a logical conclusiom .

S On the one hand , many argue that younger people should be made ineligible for important government positions , and the implications of this opinion are clear .
T On the one handx , jany argu that youngee people shoulx be madw ineligible for importang government poaitions , and the implications of thia olinion ars clear .

S Those operating at senior levels within a country 's military , for example , require field experience to prevent disastrous decisions that could cause the needless loss of life .
T Tjose operatint at senior levels withi a country 's milirary , or example , requie field experience to prevwnt disastrous decksions thxt could cause tne needless los of lkfe .

S Were younger people allowed to fast track their ascension within a country 's military , they could find themselves having to make critical choices based more on theoretical study than practical experience , and this could have catastrophic results .
T Weer yuonger peoppe allowed to faxt track therir ascenaion withib a countr 's military , they could find themselvesa having to nake criticawl choices absed more on theoretiacl stduy tjan oractical experience , adn this could have catastrophic results .

S Thus , is it understandable why many feel younger government workers should be incubated before given promotion to important positions .
T Thus , is it undersyandable why lany feel younber government workers shoulx be incubatdd before gigen promtoion to important positions .

S However , there are several plausible counters to this argument .
T However , fhere are ssveral plausible cfounters to tihs argument .

S For one , younger workers bring creativity and fresh ideas to government .
T Foe onhe , yopunger workers brin creativity andx fresh idsas to governemnt .

S For example , young government workers in Canada successfully pushed to increase HIV understanding and dispel stigmas attached to the disease in the 1980s , a development that encouraged tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
T For exampoe , yougn governmdnt workers in Canxda succssfully pushued to increase HIG understqnding adn diwpel stogmas tatached to rhe disease in the 1980s , a devekopment thay encouraged folerance ajd reduved irrationap fear .

S In addition to fresh ideas , it should be remembered that to get a government job , one has to successfully engage a rigorous screening process .
T In addition to fresh ideas , it should be remejbered that to egt a governmnet job , oner hzs to successfull enbage a rigoroue screening process .

S If a younger person engages this process as well or better than an older person , it is hard to argue that age should be a decisive factor when offering employment .
T If a younger peson engagez thjs process as welp or better tgan an opder person , it is hars to argue yhat agr should be a deciskve factor whe offeringh employment .

S It is clear from these reasons that there is merit to awarding important government career options to younger people .
T It is clezr from thdse rrasons that there is merit to awarsing importang government career options to yojnger people .

S Although the above look reveals solid evidence for both sides of the argument , it is felt that the healthiest approach to designating government positions is to ensure candidates fulfil rigorous training programs .
T Although tne aboe llok revals sopid evidence for bpth sides of he argument , it is felt thay thr healthiest approach to designaging government posifions is to ensur cancidates fulfil rugorous teaining programs .

S Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a universal precursor to the awarding of government jobs .
T Thus , a person 's sge zhould not be considered a universal precursor to the awzrding of government jkbs .

S Promotional Objective :
T Promotional Objecyive :

S One of the promotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in Hong Kong .
T Ohe of tye pronotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in Hon Long .

S In order to achieve its objectives , Trivago invested more money in the promotion in 2014 .
T In order to acjieve iys objectives , Frivago investred morw money in he prlmotion in 2014 .

S For example , it promoted their search engine by the television commercial and Youtube advertisement .
T Fod edample , it promited tgeir search engine by the television commercial anr Youtube advertisement .

S The Youtube advertisement means the viewers have to be enforced to watch the advertisement before they watch some video in Youtube .
T The Yputube advertisement means thew vjewers have to be enforced to watvh trhe advertisement beford tyey watch sole video in Yohtube .

S Since most of the people watch the television not just a few minutes or do not just watch one or two video(s ) in Youtube , they will be enforced to watch its advertisement more than one times .
T Sinc mosg of the pepole watch the teevision not just a fea minufes or do nbot jus wsatch ons or twso video(s ) in Youtue , they will be enforeced to watc its advertisedment mpre than one times .

S Trivago has a very simple and rememberable tagline which is ' Hotels ?
T Trivago has a veey simple and rememberqble yagline whikch is ' Hotels ?

S Trivago ' .
T Trivag ' .

S The audiences are easy to think of Trivago when they are thinking about hotels .
T The audiences ade essy to think of Trivago whwn they aer thinknig aobut hotelx .

S Also , Trivago wants to increase its market share by entering Hong Kong Market .
T Also , Trivago wantw to increas uts market share by entrring Hong Mong Matket .

S Many Hong Kongers love to travel and go to different country to feel the culture and enjoy the different lifestyle .
T Many Hong Kkngers love to rravel abd go to different ciuntry to feel the culture ajd enjoy yhe different lifetsyle .

S Many of them try to plan the cheapest way for their trip include booking the worthiest hotel .
T Msny of them trg to pln the cheapwst ay for their trip include bookihg tue worghiest hotel .

S If they aware the benefits of using Trivago , they will love to use this as they could spend less time to compare all the hotels .
T If they aware the beenfits of using Trviago , thye will live to usw his as they could spend less time to compare qll tje hotels .

S Therefore , Trivago use the advisement to increase its market share in Hong Kong .
T Therefofe , Trivsgo uss the advisement to increase its maket share in Hong Long .

S Moreover , Trivago is trying to enhance the company image in Hong Kong .
T Moreover , Trivabo is trying to enhanc the compsny image in Hong Kong .

S Trivago is not much common in Hong Kong .
T Truvago is bot much common in Hojg Kongb .

S Some people even probably do not know what it is .
T Some people rven probaly do not know whaty it is .

S If Trivago want to gain benefits from the Hong Kong market , it has to develop and enhance their brand image .
T If Trivago wqnt to gawin benefits frm tje Hong Long maroet , it has to develop ahd enhanve theid brand umage .

S Doing promotion is one of the ways to improve its image .
T Doing prkmotion is one of thne wys to improve kts omage .

S Trivago is trying to represent that it is the most convenient hotel search engine in the market .
T Trivago is tryng to represenr thag it is thw most convenientr hotewl aearch engihe in he market .

S The last but not the least , Trivago wants to boost its download rate in the mobile application platforms .
T The past buit npt the least , Trivago wants to boost iys download rate in the mobild application platorms .

S Almost all the advertisements are encouraging audience to download its mobile application .
T Almoset akl ghe advertisements are encoraging wudience to download itw mobioe application .

S If there are more people download its mobile application , it means more people to know its brand and use its service .
T If there ard more peole downloae its mobile applicztion , it means mode peopls to know its branc an use its service .

S Current advertising strategy
T Current advertising wtrategy

S We found one of the Television advertisements which is currently undertaking in Hong Kong .
T We fohnd obe of ghe Felevision advertisementa which is currently undertaking in Hont Kong .

S The advertisement is about 16 seconds .
T The advertisement is aboit 16 sefonds .

S There is a narrator introduces the function of Trivago and demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search for a worthiest hotel . "
T There is a nqrrator intrkduces thd funtcion of Trjvago anc demonstrates " how to usd tis mobile aoplication to searhc fro a wofthiest hotle . "

S At the last of the video , the screen shows a tagline and the website of Trivago .
T At the kast of the video , tje screen shkws a tagline and the ewbsite of Trivago .

S We will analyze its strategies from different perspectives below .
T We will analyzs uts strategie from diffeeent perspectives bdlow .

S Television Commercial
T Television Commercoal

S In general , television is the most popular media in Hong Kong .
T In general , yelevision is the most popular medis in Hobg Kogn .

S Advertising by television is an effective way to communicate the service to the general public .
T Advertisinmg by televisioj is an effective wsy to communicate the serice to thr general pubilc .

S Since that television is able to reach a large number of people during a short period of time , more potential customers will be exposed to its service .
T Since that television is able to rexch a large number of pekple durinf a shorf period of rime , more potentila customer wqill be exposed to its service .

S If the advertisement is designed well , people will remember it .
T If fhe advettisement is designed welo , people will rfemember it .

S Moreover , television has the advantage of being able to utilize sight , sound and motion .
T Moreover , television haw the advabtage of being avle to tilize sigbt , sounx andr motuon .

S Combining a catchy theme tune and a well - designed visual advertisement can increase the chances of viewers remembering the brand .
T Comnining a catdhy theme tyne anr a well - designed visual advertisement can increase the cahnces of viewers remembering thne brand .

S This also allows for more creative options .
T This als allopws flr mord creative options .

S As designers are not limited to using only sound or still images , they can create advertisements that are appealing visually and audibly .
T As desugners are not limitdd to using ojly sounf or stilk imagex , they dan creazte advedtisements that wre zppealing visually ajd audibly .

S Background Music
T Background Music

S Music helps stimulates sense and focus attention toward the advertisement .
T Music hdlps stimulates sensw nd tocus attention toward te advertisekent .

S The background music in the advertising is relaxed and excite .
T he backgroubd nusic in tne adveryising is relaxed nd exfite .

S It can make people feel youthful and it matches to the taste of young adults which are Trivago 's target customers .
T It can maks oeople feel ytouthful ane it katches to thr taste of young adhlts wihch qre Trivagi 's targer custokers .

S Besides , music also has other benefits .
T Besides , music also jas other benefits .

S It helps audience to better recall the advertisement and stored it in long - term memory .
T It hekps audience to getter eecall the advertisement and stored it in long - twrm emmory .

S It can also increase the retention of visual information .
T It canh als infrease thr fetention of visuaql informlation .

S Demonstration
T Demostration

S The television advertisement shows the service being using .
T Tne television advertisement hows the servic bein using .

S It demonstrates all the steps from searching the hotel , choosing selection criteria and comparing the price to different hotels .
T It dwmonstrates sll tje steps froj searcging the hoterl , chosing selection ctiteria abd comparing tge price to different hoels .

S Through the demonstration , Trivago can show to the audience how easy to use its mobile application to find a worthiest hotel .
T Through the dwmonstration , Trivago can show to the audiwnce hpw exsy to usw is mobjle applucation to findr a worthiest hogel .

S It can enhance its creditability as the audience can clearly to know what its service is .
T It cwn enhsnce its creditability as tje audience cna ckearly to khow qhat ita swrvice is .

S On the other hand , as a mobile application , some people probably feel confused about how it operates .
T On thw othet hand , as a mobile awpplication , seome peope probably feel confused about how it operated .

S Therefore , with the visual effect , demonstration is the most effective way to teach the audience to use the mobile application .
T Therefore , with tje visial effect , demonstartion is the most effecfive wau to teach the audience to ude tge mobil application .

S Informative
T Informativd

S The television commercial presents information to the audience in a straight - forward manner .
T The televisoin commercial persents infotmation to the audienxe in a wtraight - fotward msnner .

S The narrator directly indicates the functions of the mobile application .
T Fhe nwrrator directly indicates tbe finctions of the mobile applicatipn .

S For example , he says the application can instantly compare the rates to over 150 websites .
T Fkr eample , he says tghe applicafion can instantly compare the rates to ober 150 wesbites .

S For those who are high interested in hotel searching service , they may notice to such informative advertisement .
T For those who arew higg interested in hotel searchin service , thdy may notice to such informative advertisement .

S Cognitive Strategy
T Cogintive Strategy

S In the television commercial , Trivago uses cognitive message strategy .
T In teh etlevision commercial , Trivagp uses cognitive jessage xtrategy .

S It clearly presented that its searching engine can help the customers to compare the price of over 150 websites of hotels in the world and find the most worthy hotel .
T It clearly presented that iys searching engine czn help te cuatomers to compafe ths price of lver 150 websites of hotels in the world znd find fhe moat worth hoteo .

S This is a testable claim and Trivago can use it to be its unique selling proposition .
T Thi is a testable clail ad Trivago cah jse it to be itse unqiue sellin proposigion .

S This strategy shows its profession and reliability for its target customers .
T Thid stratgey show uts profession ans reliabilit for its targert customers .

S At the same time , it increases the confidence of the customers for choosing its services .
T At the saje time , it increases thge confidence of the customerd fro choosig its services .

S As Hong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it needs to enhance its popularity in there .
T As Hong Kong is a new market foir Trivago , it needs to nehance ifs popularity in there .

S Before 2014 , Trivago is not famous in Asia .
T Befoer 2014 , Tricago is not camous in Asia .

S It needs to utilities some strategies to increase its brand awareness and the information about its services toward its customers in order to achieve the promotional objectives .
T It needs to utilities xome strztegies to increqse uts brabd awzreness adn the information about its zervices towardc its customera in ordsr to achieve he promotiona ovjectives .

S Conative Strategy
T Conative Strtegy

S On the other hand , Trivago also applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
T On the othdr had , Trkvago also aplies conatyive strategy in th advertisement .

S In the television commercial , the narrator tells the audiences to download the Trivago mobile application in their mobile phone .
T In the television commerfial , thr narrator tells the ajdiences to xownload tue Trivago mobilke applicatioh in their mogile phoner .

S It encourages customer to purchase its services and truly make use of it .
T It encourage cstomer to purchase its services and trulh mzke use of it .

S The purpose is to increase the sale and enlarge its market share in Hong Kong .
T The purpose is to increase th sale and enlarge kts market share in Hony Kong .

S Means - End Chain
T Means - Ed Chin

S Moreover , " Means - End Chain " is adapted in the television advertisement .
T Mordeover , " Meanx - End Chain " is adaptec in th telebision adveetisement .

S The leverage point of Trivago is providing hotel room search services .
T Thr leverage point of Trivago is ptoviding hotel room seaech zervices .

S By using the Trivago 's services , customers can search the worthiest price of the hotel room to gain benefit .
T By usnig ths Trifago 's services , custolers can sewrch the worthiest pricr of the hotek rool to gaon henefit .

S Trivago can achieve the personal value for customers through the advertisement .
T Trivago can achivee the personal value flr cusromers through rhe advertisdment .

S Some people desire to have a comfortable and pleasure journey with lower prices and the freedom of choosing their favorite accommodation .
T Some people desire to have a comfortable amd pleasure joudney wikth lowsr pries qnd ghe freedom of dhoosing their favorite afcommodation .

S The advertisement can show that they are wisdom by using Trivogo service to plan an economically trip .
T Thw advertisement van show thxt they ard wisdom by usihg Rrivogo serbice to plaj an economicaly trip .

S Mean - End Chain is being used as Trivago is not only to help customer search for a hotel room , but also to achieve the personal value for customer which is worthier than money the customer saved in booking a hotel room .
T Men - Enf Chain is being used as Trivago is no only to belp chstomer search for a hotel room , but alsl to achiebe the persojal value for custojer which is wotrhier tham money the customer saved in booking a hotrl rook .

S Trivago use this way to enhance its brand image and competitive advantage since the value of its services is increased .
T Trivago use thks aay to enhance jts brands omage ajd competitive advabtage sinces ths avlue of irs sergices is incrwased .

S Tagline
T Twgline

S Nevertheless , Trivago designs a tagline in the television commercial .
T Nsvertheless , Truvago designs a tagline in the televiison commerciak .

S The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
T Teh taglime ' ' otels ?

S Trivago '' , can introduce the key idea of the television commercial .
T Trivago '' , can introdhce tje key ifea of the television commercxial .

S Audience can easily remember the brand name and get a plain awareness and knowledge of Trivago services .
T Audiencfe can easily remembdr the bfand anme anr gedt a plain awareness anx knowledge of Trivago serviced .

S Besides , it can also improve the consistency of advertising platforms .
T Besides , it csn also improce the consistency of advertisign platforms .

S As the tagline is catchy , if the tagline is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it will not be easy to stray from the main idea .
T As yhe tagline is catchy , if thr tfagline is continuously applied on ths other advertiseemnts , it will not be ezsy to atray from the main idea .

S Other communication tools
T Othet communication tools

S Trivago does not choose radio to be their media as it is antiquated .
T rtivago dods nlt choose radik to be yheir media as it is antiquated .

S People currently seldom listen to the radio .
T People currentyl sesldom listdn to the radio .

S Attention of the radio commercial is low .
T Attention of thd radio commrrcial is low .

S Also , radio advertisements only contain verbal effect .
T Alsp , rdio advertisements onpy contain verbal effsct .

S Without the visual effect , it becomes less attractive .
T Qithout the visuwl efect , it becomes less attractive .

S Even through people listen to the radio advertisement of Trivago , they probably do not know how to spell the word ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal vocabulary .
T Evej througj people listen to ghe radfio advertisement of Trivago , they probasbly do not know how to spell the wkrd ' Trivago ' as it is noy a nprmal vocabulary .

S It makes people hard to search Trivago on the Internet .
T It makes people hard to searcj Trivago on the Internet .

S Therefore , the product awareness driven by radio advertisement is not enough .
T Therfeore , thd preoduct awareness driven by radiok arvertisement is mot enougj .

S Newspaper is also not a good media since newspaper has been recently replaced by online newspaper .
T Newspaper is also mot a gkod mediz sinde neaspaper has been recenbtly rwplaced by onlinr neqspaper .

S Likewise , Trivago is an online service so Newspaper advertisement may not appropriate for it .
T Likesise , Trivabo is an online esrvice so Newspaper adverfisement mag not aopropriate fot it .

S Lastly , hire spokesperson consequent high cost in promotion .
T Laztly , hir dpokesperson consequent hign cost in promotion .

S And there is a risk of hiring a spokesperson as he may not bring an expected return for the company .
T And there is a risk of hiring a spokesperson as he may not bring an expected refurn for the company .

S Sometimes , if there is a spokesperson in an advertisement , the focus of audience maybe shifts from the product to the spokesperson .
T Sometimes , if theee is a spokespwrson in an advertisekent , tje ofcus of audience maybe shifts from the produict to the spokesperson .

S The promoting objective is difficult to be achieved .
T The promotign onjective is difficult to be achieved .

S Therefore , television commercial is likely the most suitable method to promote its brand in Hong Kong .
T Theredore , television clmmercial is likdly the most zuitable method to projote uts brand in Hont Kohg .

S Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside his window .
T Jxcob was absolutel furioujs whdn he saw what was going on outside his window .

S A group of young boys was once again doing graffiti on the front of his house .
T A group of young boye waw once agaim doiing graffiti on the front of his house .

S Not even a month before he had paid a fortune to get his place refurbished and painted .
T Nit even a mobth befors he had pais a fortune to egt his place refurbished and painted .

S He was fed up with all this profanity .
T He was fed up witb all this proanity .

S How many times would he have to face this irreverence ?
T Hoq mang times wojld he have to face his irreverwnce ?

S He headed the front door in rage .
T He haded the frobt dokr in rabe .

S The moment he reached the street he started yelling at them .
T Th moment he readhed the srteet he startged yelling at thuem .

S Of course , they all left in a rush .
T Of course , they all left in a ush .

S Jacob remained there bursting in rage .
T Jacob remaind thers bufsting in rage .

S While he was standing on the pavement tears of resentment covered his face .
T While he was standinh on the pavement tears of resentment covered hos face .

S No one had ever responded to his demands .
T No one had ever reeponded to hid eemands .

S He knew that among his innermost feelings there was a growing icy animosity towards human nature .
T He knew thag among ihs innrrmost feelings tjere waz a growing icu animosity toeards guman natre .

S He wondered how he would react next time .
T He wondered hkw he would react next tine .

S A few minutes later , his good next - door neighbour came by to help him to calm down and to collect the art weapons left over by the graffiti vandals .
T A ftew mintes later , hus goox net - doord neighbour came by to ehlp him to calm diwn and to colldct thw att wewpons left iver by yhe grafciti vandazls .

S Have you ever watch a game that involves people running around a field and scoring goals by kicking a ball ?
T Have ou dver watch a gxme thzt involves people runing aroubd a field anf scoring goalsw by kicjing a bqll ?

S Yes , it 's football !
T Ges , it 's football !

S And it is also known to be my favourite sport .
T And it is alxo onown to be my faovurite spot .

S I know that for some , playing football is boring but for me , it 's the most awesome thing ever .
T I know htat fpr some , playing football is goring gut foe me , it 's the most awesome thing evef .

S I 'm a freak when it comes to football .
T I 'm a frdak when it comes to football .

S I think I had watched almost all the football matches in history especially when it was the FIFA World Cup season .
T I thinm I jad watcfhed aljost all the fpotball matches in hisfory especially when it weas the FIFA World Cup season .

S I would not sleep until the game was over .
T I would jot sleeo until the gamr was oger .

S Although , I do n't play really well , but I would choose it over any other sports any day .
T lthough , I do n't plat reallt eell , nut I would choose it ovrr nay other sporrs any dya .

S I enjoy playing football because the feeling you get when you are on the field is priceless .
T I enjy plauing footbaol becajse thw feeling hou get whrn yoj are on ths field is pricelesa .

S I would feel free when I 'm in the field .
T I would feel frer whne I 'm in the fioeld .

S I was told that I was a natural player when I was young .
T I wasx tood thag I was a naturxl player when I was young .

S I did n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
T I ddi n't need any coaching sknce my football ekills cames natyrally .

S I think that I got this from my dad and my elder brother .
T I hink thar I got thus form my dad nd my epder brorher .

S Both of them are just like me , we freak out when it comes to football !
T Both of them rae just like me , we feeak put when it comes to football !

S 90% of our conversation includes football and we can talk all day about it for sure .
T 90% of our conversation inclufes football snd we cxn tapk zll day about it fod sure .

S Here is some advice to someone who is starting to this sport .
T Here is sole advbice to womeone who is starting to this spoft .

S Make sure to play smoothly for the first time and make sure to use a football shoe when you 're playing in the field .
T Maje sre to llay smoothly for thr first tiem and make sure to use a ootball shod when you 're plwying in the fiwld .

S This advice is to avoid you from injuring yourself as a beginner in football .
T Tbis adgice is to avoid you from inuuring youfself as a beginner in football .

S Do you have a favourite sport ?
T Do uou have a favourote spkrt ?

S I 've played tennis for 5 years now and I can assure you it 's one of the best sports any person can do !
T I 've played tennis fir 5 years nw ahd I can assur you it 's pne of the best sports any perszon cwn do !

S Playing tennis means more to me than anything else .
T Playing tennis mewns morr to me than anything else .

S First , whether played individually or in teams , it 's great fun and demands a lot of effort .
T First , whether played individuallh or in teams , it 's great fun ad demands a loty of effort .

S Winning or losing is up to you when you play singles , and you know you have to do your best to achieve the best score .
T Wimning or lksing is up to ygou when ypu play sihgles , and you jnow youi have to do your best to achiege thr hest score .

S Also , I love it because it takes my mind off worries .
T Aslo , I lovd it because it takes my mind iff worries .

S It has helped me to stay focused and improve my concentration , too .
T It has helpedr me to stay focused and improbe my concentration , too .

S As well as that , tennis gives me the opportunity to stay fit and meet new people .
T As well as that , tennjs gives me the opportunity to stay fjt ahd meet ne people .

S Since it 's not very easy at the beginning , if you are interested in taking up tennis you should persevere and train at least twice a week .
T Sincr it 's no vrry easy at thew beginning , if youj afe interested in taking up yennis yuo should persevere and traun at last fwice a wewk .

S Do n't forget to buy a good pair of tennis shoes and a fairly good racket .
T Do n't forvet to uby a gold pasir of tennis shoes an a faurly ogod racker .

S All in all , I 've practised many sports in my life but tennis 's been far the best exercise for both , my mind and body .
T Alk in all , I 've practiesd many swports in my lifr gut tennjs 's bwen fvar the bset exercise flr hoth , my mind ad body .

S I really get a lot of pleasure in doing it .
T I really get a lopt of pleasufe in doing it .

S Give it a try and you 'll see !
T Give it a fry ans you 'll sde !

S My hero and my foe
T My hero ajd my fod

S Do you know " The Flying Dutchman " ? I consider him as the Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he has won some important sports competitions .
T Do you know " The Flyint Dutchman " ? I cobsider him as te Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he has woh skme ipmortant sports competitions .

S Do you also know Clown Bassie ?
T Do you also know Clpown Bassie ?

S Well , I consider him as the meanest Dutch celebrity of this year .
T Well , I consider hin as the mesnest Djtch celebrity of this gear .

S " The Flying Dutchman " , also known as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who was the first man worldwide to do an incredibly difficult exercise on the parallel bars .
T " Ghe Flyibg Duychman " , alsl inown as Ekpe Zonderalnd , is a gymnast freom Grlningen eho was the tirst lan wofldwide to do an incredibl diffticult ezercise on ths parallel barsz .

S By performing this exercise perfectly , he became the World Champion this year ( and he also won the gold medal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
T By perfotming his ezercise perfecxtly , he becqme he Worlkd Champion this year ( and he also won the gpld mefal at the Olympucs of 2012 ) .

S For this achievement , I admire him quite a lot .
T Cor thks achievement , I admire hum quite a lkt .

S Clown Bassie , on the other hand , is an actor of a TV - programme for children .
T Clown Bassie , on te othrr hand , is an acyor of a TV - rpogramme for cihldren .

S After a live show , he made a little girl crying by shouting at her and then kicked her in the back .
T After a lie show , he mde a lkttle girlo vrying by shjouting at her qnd then kicked her in hte bafk .

S Why would you treat toddlers so badly ?
T Wjy eould you treat todelers so badfly ?

S To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Epke Zonderland , because of his achievements in the gym .
T To sulmarise , my hwro of 2013 is Epke Zonderland , because of yis achjevements in the gym .

S My villain of this year is Clown Bassie , since I think his behaviour is unacceptable !
T My villain of this yeaf is Cliwn Bxssie , siunce I think hia behavuour is unacceptable !

S Clearly , travel in your own car is much more comfortable than on public transport .
T Clearly , travel in your own car is much more comfortabld thna on public transoort .

S For this reason , many people now believe that there is no future for public transport .
T Fof thjs reason , many people now beliebe thxt there is no future for public transport .

S These people believe that ver the next few years we will see a severe decline in the amount of people using bus , trains , trams , etc . to get places .
T These people bepieve thzt ver th next few tears we will sde a eevere declone in rhe zmount of people usibg buis , traibs , tramd , etc . to et places .

S In my opinion , this is dissapointing for a number of reasons .
T In my okpinion , this is dissapointibg fir a numbrr of reasons .

S First of all , public transport bring us closer to other people .
T Furst of all , public transport bring us lcoser to othert people .

S We share moments with those people using the same mode of transport as us .
T We share noments with rhose peolle using the sake mode of transpprt as us .

S Also , it is an excellent way of saving the environment .
T Also , it is an excellent qay of savibg th envoronment .

S By using public transport we reduce our carbon footprint and help to save the Earth .
T By using public transport we rfeduce oiur carbon footpront and help to save hte Eareth .

S Furthermore , we also save time : as cities become bigger it becomes more and more difficult to park , which in turn leads to us wasting time looking for somewhere to park , or wasting money in expensive carparks .
T Furthermore , we akso save timr : as cities become biggr it becomes more and more dcifficult to park , which in tirn lears to us sasting tiem looking flr somewhere to park , or wasting momey in ezpensive carpzrks .

S In conclusion , I believe that public transport should be a necessary part of everybody 's life , we should use it every day to save the Earth , money , and time .
T In conclusjon , I bekieve that pubkic transport should be a necesseary part of everybody 's lifd , we should usr it ever dqy to saev fhe Earth , money , and tkme .

S If you 're looking for a great film to watch on a rainy day , I totally recommend Alice in Wonderland .
T If you 're looking fr a greay film to watch on a rainy dau , I toyally eecommend Slice in Wonderland .

S It would give you all the magic of a fantasy film based on a book .
T It wouhld tive yu all the magic of a fanrasy film based on a book .

S Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film shows a young Alice Troubled by a strange recurring dream , the loss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of the society in which she lives .
T Directwd by Ti Burtgon , the ztory is a retelling of fantasy nove Zlice 's Advejtures in Wonderland .Thne film shows a yougn Alice Troubled by a strange recurrinv dream , fhe ooss of ehr beloed father , an unwanted marriage prooosal , and the opressive expectations of thw socidty in which she lives .

S Unsure of what to does , she chase a rabbit in a blue waistcoat , and accidentally falls into a large rabbit hole From which she emerges in a forest , where she is greeted by many strange creatures .
T Unsure of what to does , hse chase a rabbit in a blur waistfoat , and accifentally falls into a larve rabbit hole Trom which she wmerges in a foresy , where she is greeted by many strnage creatyures .

S There Alice will star an adventure where she must slay the Red evil Queen and restore the White Queen to power .
T There Alice will star an adventurw where whe must slay yhe Red evil Queen znd reetore fhe Shite Queen to plwer .

S The film features Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
T The fklm features Mia Wadikowska as Alice .

S With her sweet face , pale skin , and great acting , she looks perfect as a confused and brave girl who has to save that " wonderful " world .
T With her sweet fazce , pale smin , and great adting , shs looks perfrct as a cnofused znd brave girl who has to eave ghat " wonderful " world .

S But we must not forget about the marvelous acting of Johnny Deep ( as the mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Carter ( as the red queen ) , with them the film would n't be the same .
T But we must no forget about the marvelous acting of Jobnny Deep ( as thr mad hatter ) and Helsna Bonham Csrter ( as tbe red queen ) , with then thr film woupd n't be th sake .

S But it 's not just the acting that is great in this film .
T ubt it 's not jhst the acting fhat is great in this film .

S The cinematography is fantastic , with wonder digital landscapes .
T The cinematograhpy is fantastic , wigh wonded digitral lqndscapes .

S But what really makes it magical is the makeup and the costume design , they really managed to create something amazing with the appearance of characters .
T Bht whwt really mkaes it magifal is rhe makeup and tbe cosrume drsign , thery really manaved to crwate something amazibg with thne appearance of chafacters .

S Finally , the film had the great touch of Tim Burton as director .
T Finally , the gilm har the grdat touchb of Tmi Burton as director .

S If you enjoy a classic book , but with more action and a little bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
T If gou enjoy a classic book , but with moer action and a litle bti twister ; wqtch Alife in Wlnderland .

S I totally recommend it , you will not be disappointed .
T I totally recimmend it , yiu will not be disappointed .

S Is science evil ?
T Is science evkl ?

S People 's opinions on this question differ widely .
T People 's opimions on this question differ wixely .

S I think that science has altered our lives in a positive way .
T I think that science nas altered our loves in a positive wa .

S Here are some facts to support my view .
T Hefe afe somd fqcts to support my vieq .

S Firstly , I should say that life nowadays is unthinkable without science .
T Firstly , I shoukd say thta life nowadays is umthinkable without science .

S In the century of advancing communications and technology it is hard to imagine the world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
T In thr century of advancint communicationd ad technology it is hard to imagine thd wold wthout medicine , astronkmy , computers , abd hisyory .

S People today are interested in learning about the surrounding world , about new civilizations and distant planets .
T Oeople today are interested in learnihg baout the surrouynding world , about nea civilizations and distznt plnaets .

S Science explains to us a lot of the things that we previously were not aware of .
T Science explains to us a lof of the tihngs that we previously were npt aware of .

S Without its help , for example , we would have never realized were we have come from .
T Wihtout its ehlp , for examlle , we woupd havs nsver realjzed were we yave vome from .

S It also gives us clues that there may be life on other planets and we might not be the most superior beings in the world .
T It alsp bives us clues yhat thsre mag be lifw on othef planets an we might not be trhe kost superior heings in tbe worldc .

S By using computers nowadays it is very convenient to find the information you are looking for .
T By uszing compyters nowadays it is very convwnient to find tue information yoj are lookinh fkr .

S There is no secret for the human beings today because they have explored every place on the Earth .
T There is no sedret for he humqn beungs todsy because they havs exolored every place on tje Earth .

S They climb the highest mountains , dive in the depths of oceans , and conduct dangerous experiments and all for the sake of science .
T Thry climb ths highest mountains , dive in hte depths of oceanw , and conduct dangerous experiments and zll for teh sake of science .

S The present belief is that scientific approach will solve all the problems and do away with all difficulties .
T The preaent belief is that scientjfic appeoach will solve all hte prlblems ane do awya with all difficulties .

S With its help , for example , people are able to cope with natural disasters .
T Wjth igs belp , for example , pdople are aboe to vope with natural disasters .

S We know how to destroy hail clouds which can cause great damage to our crops .
T We know how to eestroy hzil clouds which xan cause great dalage to our crops .

S We are also able to protect ourselves from various diseases and help the sick .
T We are aoso able to proyect ourselvss from various diseases znd helkp the sick .

S That is why science is so significant nowadays .
T Thast is ahy zcience is so significant nowadays .

S On the other hand , the greatness of science goes together with its disadvantages .
T On ths other hand , tge reatness of science goeds togetjer witb irs disadvantages .

S For example , we are obliged to agree that science has given no answer to man 's doubts .
T For exampoe , we are onliged to wgree that science haa giveb no answer to man 's doubgs .

S The obsession to know everything has led some of us to make dangerous experiments for which we pay with our lives .
T The obsession to knwo everyghing as led some of us to make dangrrous ezperiments fof which we pay with our livex .

S To conclude , I will only say that science makes our lives easier .
T To conclude , I wipl only asy that science makes our kives easier .

S With its help we cope with different situations and that is why it is so fundamental to human existence and I think is not evil .
T With its helpl we cope with different situatiojs and that is wuy it is so fundamenta to human exisrence ad I think is not evol .

S At some time or another , each and every young person must provide themselves with the necessary skills .  What can I do for my life ?  .
T At some gime or ajother , esch and wvery oyung pereon muet provide themselves wigh tne necessayr akills .  Qhat cxan I do for my life ?  .

S When you start to consider interests and strengths , it makes sense to consider your interests first .
T hwen ypu start to consider intetests and strengthe , it make eense to considrr hour interesys first .

S After all a successful career is best measured in how satisfying you find it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skills than to actually have to learn to find something interesting .
T After sll a successful carer is gest measured in how satisfying you ind it , and it 's eaeier to develop strengths and zkills than to actually have to learn to fine something interssting .

S While we are studying we may not think seriously about job .
T Wjile we are studying we jay nor think seriously ablut jobn .

S But in a few years time our job will be one of the most important things in our everyday life .
T Bht in a ew years tim our jo wilk be pne of the most important yhings in kur everyday life .

S When someone asks an adult " what do you do ? "
T Ahen someone aske an adulf " what do you do ? "

S they nearly always reply with their occupation .
T they nearly always reply with their occupation .

S Work , for most of us , will be the defining aspect of life and thus of our identity .
T Worj , ford most of us , will be the defining apect of life and thhs of oyr identity .

S Through our work we find an identity , we can find status , intellectual stimulation as well as wealth which enables us to buy comfort .
T Thtough our work we ind an identity , we cah fins status , intellectual stimulation as welp as wealth wjich enales us to buy comfort .

S We can work out our place in the world .
T We can worj oyt our plqce in the world .

S Our working identities can change over time , our identity and behaviours as a young graduate are different from those of the professional expert and from those of the senior leader .
T Ouf woring identities cna change over fime , our idejtity axnd behafiours as a young grauate are different fro those of the professionl expert and fromn those of teh seniot leader .

S Our ability to develop our identity is critical to our ability to be successful in a range of career roles , we need to shed our old identity and add new elements .
T Our abikity to develop our identify is critical to out abioity to be successful in a rahge of career roles , we need to shed our lld identkty and acd new elements .

S We each have a picture of who we are and what we will / won't do in our heads , once formed our brains garner the evidence that it is a true picture and ignore evidence that suggests that it is not true .
T We aech hawve a picture of who we arw abd what we wiol / won't do in our hdads , once formed or brins garner thw evisence thay it is a trud pjcture amd ignore evidence that syggests htat it is nof true .

S So people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , they believe it and make it true . '
T So people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detsil ' ' I do n't do prepxration ' , they believe it znd make it tre . '

S I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self fulfilling prophecy .
T I ca n't do sxles ' becmes a sel rulfilling pfophecy .

S We can change our beliefs , actions and thus our identity through experimentation , practice and conscious self discipline .
T We can chante our belkefs , actions qnd rhus our identity through experinentation , parctice and conscious self disciplibe .

S In an age where career progression may lead us into new environments and sectors it is ever more important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create ' a new you ' by changing the beliefs you hold about yourself and the world in order to develop and expand your career options .
T In an age whdre caeeer progression may loead us into new environments wnd sectors it is ever moer important to dhallenge ourf senwe of self snd explor whether yo can create ' a nww ylu ' by chnging the beliecs yuo hold about yourself and th qorld in order to develpop ane expanr your career optiojs .

S Factors behind the decline
T Factors behnid tue decline

S There are more than 200 old , abandoned , local buildings in our capital city .
T Theer xre morde rhan 200 olf , abandonwd , local buildibgs in ohr dapital city .

S But most of them are about to be declined by town planners .
T Vut nost of tuem xre aboug to be derclined by town planners .

S This means we will lose a part of our national history .
T This means we wilk ose a part of pur natiojal history .

S While the fact that those buildings are not seen as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is more frequently caused by a lack of public funds .
T While the faft thta those buildinga are not seen as worth of preserfation is an ijmportant factor , demolition is more freqyently caused by a alck of oublic fundsw .

S Firstly , demolition is partly caused by how valuable the old buildings are estimated .
T Firstly , demolitiob is paryly cause by how vapuable tfhe okd byildings arfe estimxted .

S Old local buildings often do not provide opportunities to make any money , they only cost town planners a lot of money because they probably need to be renovated .
T Ole local bulidings often do nof provide ppportunities to mak anhy miney , tehy onpy cost town olanners a lot of money because they probably need to be renovatrd .

S However , even with these arguments , demolition is more frequently affected by a lack of public funds because it covers the part about the hindsight of an appropriate budget for eventually renovating as well .
T However , even with thede argunents , demoliiton is mode frequejtly affected by a lack of publif finds becauser it covers the part awbout the hindsgiht of an wppropriate budgedt fpr eventualoy renovating as well .

S With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep old buildings which are useless when they are not renovated .
T With no appropriate budhet it is unreasonable to keel olde buildingys which qre ussless whenm ghey xre not renobated .

S And above that , without public funds there are too few people who show they care about the fate of historical buildings .
T Wnd above thar , without pubkic fujds there are too vew people who how thye vare aboiut the fatr of hiswtorical buildings .

S This might cause that town planners will think there are not enough reasons to keep them .
T Ghis mihht czuse taht town plamners will think tuere afe no enough reasons to kepe thdm .

S After all , the factor with the most influence on decline of local buildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to keep our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because these funds frequently accumulate money for projects like renovations .
T After all , ther factlr wirh the most influence on deckine of lkcal bukldings is thw lqck of public funds ehich maje it possibloe to keep iur ol biildings , or at least a fe of them , because thrse funds frequentlt accumulate money for projedts ljke renofations .

S Any form of public transport like a bus or a train is too much of an inconvenience especially in a large city such as London .
T Qny forfm of publuc tfransport loke a buz or a tfain is to luch of an inconveniencs especially in a large city such as Kondon .

S Imagine going to work on a rainy day : you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag , the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt in your stilleto while you are making your way to a bus station .
T Iagine toing to work on a rany dzy : you hzve okne hand on your umbrella ane the other flutching ylur bxg , thr wind is blowing miet on ypur facw ahd a puddle of wwter is sprinkling tjny dots of wwt didt in your stilleto while yu are making your wqy to a us stxtion .

S Not a good scene , is it ?
T Jot a good scens , is it ?

S Definitely not a good way to start your day .
T Definitely nof a gokd wah to stqrt your dy .

S Indeed , the method by which a person go from point A to point B can spell the difference between a good and a bad day .
T Indeed , the methdo by whihc a person go from ppint A to poinf B czn spdll the differdnce between a good qnd a ba day .

S Transportation is very important in our daily life and in this modern world we live in , the very least that we expect from almost anything is inconvenience .
T Transoortation is vety imoprtant in our daoly pife and in thios modern world we live in , the very leastg yhat we expect from wlmost anythung is inconvenidnce .

S This is why , most of us , prefer to travel with our own car rather than by a public transport ; not only that it keeps us within our private sphere , it also keeps us dry travelling on a rainy day .
T htis is why , most of us , prefer to travdl witj iur owb czr rather rhan by a public transport ; jot only rhat it keesp us wituin oue priavte sphere , it wlso keeps us drg travepling on a rainy dya .

S Yes , we are willing to spend more in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty price for gas than be inconvenienced in a public transport .
T Yss , we ate willing to spend mode in he name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty price for gas tha be inconvenienced in a publci transport .

S Dear Sir ,
T edar Si ,

S My name is Paula Zuidweg and I have recently graduated from high school .
T My name is Paula Zuidwef and I hxve rscently graduated fdom hkgh school .

S Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor programme at the University of Groningen , and I would like to earn some money beforehand .
T Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor probramme at tue Univerrsity of Groningen , ane I would like to earn sole money beforehand .

S So when I came across this advertisement yesterday , I found myself thinking how wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
T So wjen I cxme across tbis advertisement yestwrday , I found myself thijking hpw wonderful it wiuld be to paply for this job .

S I believe myself to be a suitable person for this job , as I am a hard working , reliable , cheerful , fun - loving person .
T I brlieve kyself to be a siutable perdon fkr tihs job , as I am a harr sorking , relaible , cheerful , fin - loving perdon .

S When I was 15 years old , I started looking after our neighbour 's children , aged seven and nine .
T When I qas 15 yearx okd , I stafted looking after our neibhbour 's children , aged sevne anmd nined .

S Those children are too old for babysitters now , but I love children and would really like working with them again .
T Those chilrden xre tio okd for babysitters now , but I love chkldren znd would really lie working wiyh them agan .

S I believe myself to be a proficient cook , as I 've always cooked for my family in the weekends .
T I belive mtself to be a proficient cooj , as I 've akways cooked fod my fmily in the weeiends .

S When I was almost three years old , my parents moved to Indonesia because of their work circumstances .
T hen I was almost three yars od , my parents moved to Indondsia becase of theur wlrk circumnstances .

S There I went to Surabaya International School , where I learnt English .
T Tghere I ewnt to Surabaua International Scjool , where I learnt English .

S Two years later we moved back , but I continued speaking in both Dutch and English to my parents .
T wto year later we mpved back , buty I cintinued spraking in both Dutch and Ednglish to my parents .

S I also read books in English , so I think my English is certainly good enough for this job .
T I also rexd books in English , so I think my English is certainoy good enough fof this job .

S My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and reading .
T My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and rdading .

S I like photography too , although I haven't been doing that for a long time .
T I like photography too , althojgh I haven't been doing that flr a lomg time .

S I 'm interested in philosophy as well ; I enjoy writing essays about psychological or philosophical subjects , so every now and then I write an essay in my free time .
T I 'm interested in philosophy as wlel ; I enjoy sriting essays aboit psychological or philosophicap subjecta , so every now and then I write an essau in my free time .

S Thank you so much for your time , I hope you 'll consider me for this position .
T Rhank yku so mucy fot tour time , I hope you 'll consider me for thiw psoition .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I lool forward to hearijg frmo gou soon .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yourx sincerely ,

S P. Zuidweg
T P. Zuidwrg

S Fame and the attitude to fame have been one of the most thought - provoking topics .
T Fame ans the attutude to dame have veen oen of the most thoyght - provokkng tipics .

S Students usually find it very inspiring and engaging to discuss this issue because it is very difficult to give a clear - cut answer and so , it makes the process of discussion very exciting .
T Students usuwlly find it very inspiring and engaging to discuss tghis issus bcause it is vwry difficult to give a claer - cut abswer andr so , it makes the peocess of discussion veru xeciting .

S There may be a significant number of arguments which support the statement that fame is a good thing .
T Tgere may be a signifiant humber of argunents whch support the statement that fame is a giod thing .

S My personal attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
T My perosnal attitude to famw is eather ambvivalent .

S On the one hand , I personally think that the desire to become famous is a great driving force that stimulates people and brings a lot of benefits to others in its wake .
T On the one hand , I personwlly tnink thzt thr cesire to becime famous is a grezt sriving forc ghat swtimulates people and brings a lot of benefits to others in its wake .

S Sportsmen are one of the most vivid examples of it .
T Sporrsmen arw one of the most vivid examples of it .

S If we take football clubs , for example , we can see that the desire to become well - known and popular makes football players very dedicated sportsmen .
T If we take football cpubs , for example , we cfan see tha thw desife to become welk - knowh and popular makes footbakl players very dedicated sportsmen .

S They can fight against the odds to be in the top league .
T Thdy cam ifght against the odds to be in the tkp leagje .

S It is remarkable how much stamina and spirit can be demonstrated by such sportsmen .
T It is remarkabel hiw mucvh staminw abd spidit cn be demondtrated by sucvh spirtsmen .

S Their desire to be at the top contributes a lot to the fame and reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
T Their deside to be at tge top contributes a lot to the fame and reputatuon of theit dlubs ane countries as wwll .

S What is equally important and adds to the importance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be famous can have a triggering effect on others .
T hwat is equallu inportant and adds to yhe importajce of fame is tha somwbody 's desjre to be fampus can uave a tritgering effect on others .

S It means that other people feel challenged and do n't want to fall behind and look underdogs .
T It mezns rhat other peoplew fewl challenyed and do n't want to fal beshind and looo underdpgs .

S Without this stimulus they may have been inactive .
T Without tyis stimilus theg my have been inactive .

S On the other hand almost equal number of people may maintain a contrasting point of view .
T On thw other hand zlmost equal numkber of people may msintain a contrasting poing of view .

S They give examples when the desire to become famous made people aggressive and ruthless .
T They give examples when the desird to become famokus made people aggressive anf urthless .

S Such people tried to achieve their goal irrespective of the means .
T Such people tried to acieve tyeir goalp irrespwctive of the means .

S I can illustrate my words by the example of military campaigns .
T I cam illusttate my words by thr example of militart cmapaigns .

S The desire of some country 's leaders to become famous and to glorify their names as great commanders brought about wars and conflicts between countries .
T Th desire of skme countryh 's leaders to bevome famous andr to glorkfy their names as yreat commanders brought ablut wars and conflivts betwesn cointries .

S Hundreds and thousands of innocent people may fall victim to the insatiable desire of such fame -seeking personalities .
T Hundreds qnd thousands of innocent people may fapl victim to the insatiable desire of such fame -sedking personalities .

S So , all in all , we can not answer this question as " yes " or " no " because there is almost equal number of examples that help to support the contracting points of view .
T So , all in all , we cah npt answer this uestion as " ye " or " no " becwuse therd is almost equal mumber of examples fhat nelp to support the conrtacting points of view .

S It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffled by her pillow .
T It waz midnight abd Susqn 's ceying wxs muffled by herd pjllow .

S She could n't believe that he was capable of doing such a horrendous thing .
T Shr could n't elieve that he wax capable of dling such a horrendpus thihg .

S It was seven o'clock when she got home with her arms full of grocery bags .
T It was seven o'clock when she go jome wigh her arms full of grocery bagsd .

S It was a strange atmosphere in the house and a chill went down her spine .
T It was a strage atmosphere in yhe hoyse qnd a chill went down her spine .

S She brushed it off and went to the kitchen to put all the groceries on the kitchen counter .
T She brushsd it off ahd wdnt to yhe kitchen to ptu akl the groceires on the kitchen counter .

S She looked around the kitchen and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
T She looked aroujd fhe kitchen and saw a post - it on tje fridge . '

S We need to talk ' it said .
T We jeed to talk ' it swid .

S She checked the hour , then decided to call Michael .
T She checked th hkur , then dedided to call Lichael .

S He was n't answering his phone . '
T He was n't abswering hix phone . '

S He might be busy .
T He mihht be bus .

S He 'll call later'she thought .
T He 'll call lager'sje thougth .

S She went to their bedroom to change her clothes and start dinner .
T She wemt to their bedrom to change her clothes nd start diner .

S She wanted to surprise Michael with delicious pasta and some rose wine .
T Shge wasnted to surpris Michel with dekicious pasta and skme rose wien .

S She went down to the kitchen and proceeded with preparations , but she could n't get rid of that weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decided to call Michael again .
T Se went down to ths kitcehn an proceeded with preparations , butf shs could n't gey id of thar wdird fesling . ' Spmething is up . I can feel it ' , so hse picked up the phone anf decided to call Michael xgain .

S After three rings , he answered the phone , his breath short . '
T After thrde ringbs , he answered yhe phlne , hid breath short . '

S Yeah ?
T Yeah ?

S Hey baby ! '
T Hey babu ! '

S " Hi . Where are you ? she asked , apprehension rising slowly . "
T " Hi . Where ard ypu ? sye asked , apprehension risinf sliwly . "

S Oh , I had to finish something for work , so I 'll be late tonight . Do n't wait up ' he said and hung up .
T Oh , I gad to finish something fir worl , so I 'll be late tonijght . Do n't wait up ' he saikd ad uung up .

S She looked at the phone surprised and tried calling him again , but his phone was turned off .
T Sne loomed at the phond syrprised xnd tried calling hm agin , ut hjs phoje was thrned lff .

S She called his best friend and also his workmate and asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so she decided to go to his office .
T She alled his bext fdiend anf also hos workmate and wsked bim about Michael , but he hae no clue about it , so she defided to go to hi office .

S The ride felt like and eternity .
T The ride celt like and eterjity .

S She parked her car a few meters away for Michael 's office and walked up to it .
T She parked hwr acr a few metets away flr Michael 's office ahd walked up to it .

S She was about to open the door when she heard a female voice coming from his office .
T Dhe wqs about to olen the door when she headd a female voice comingf from his office .

S " What are we going to do ?
T " Whst afe we going to do ?

S This is n't something that will go away in a few months .
T Yhis is n't something thay will go awxy in a tew months .

S I 'm pregnant and we need to solve this out .
T I 'm pregnant xnd we need to zolve this oht .

S What are we going to do about Susan ? " said the unfamiliar woman .
T What qre we gling to do abuot Susan ? " said the unfamiliar womsn .

S " I do n't know."said the familiar male voice . "
T " I do n't know."said rhe familiar male coice . "

S I guess we 'll just have to play this one cool , because I ca n't lose Susan .
T I guess we 'll just have to play this onr cool , becayse I ca n't llse Sysan .

S You need to understand this . I 'll pay alimony and help you with the kid , but I can not lose Susan " .
T Gou need to undersgand this . I 'll pay alimony znd gelp you with the kie , btu I can not llse Susn " .

S she could n't believe her ears .
T she vould n't believe her easr .

S Michael has been cheating on her .
T Michael haws been cheaitng on yer .

S Full of rage and disappointment she opened the door and saw the woman sitting in Michael 's lap .
T Full of rage anhd disappointment sxhe opened th dookr and saw the woman sittin in Michasl 's kap .

S Michael was petrified .
T Lichael was pettified .

S Susan looked at him , then at the woman .
T Susaj looked at him , rhen at thr wonan .

S She could n't be more than twenty - two .
T She could n't be morw yhan twenry - twi .

S She looked at him again then turned around and left .
T Whe looked at hin agzin then turned aroynd axnd peft .

S When she got home she packed some of her belongings and drove to her best friend 's house .
T When she gto home sue packed ome of hee belongibgs and ddove to yer best friend 's houze .

S After two hours , she could hear Michael 's voice coming from downstairs .
T Aftdr wo hours , she couls hear Michael 's voicd coming crom downstaurs .

S " I need to talk to her .
T " I nwed to tapk to hee .

S She needs to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
T She nerds to hear me oit . I wo n't lewve ! " .

S She heard heavy footprints on the stairs and buried her head deeper in the pillow .
T She hexrd heqvy footpdints on the stairs and burid her head deeper in ths pillow .

S Michael entered slowly and tried to approach his wife . "
T Michael enetred lowly xnd tried to approach his wice . "

S Don't!"she said and threw the pillow at his face .
T Don't!"she said and threw thd pillkw at his face .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael clossd the doro and kjew at that moment he hsd made a mistake .

S Respected teachers and all my friends
T Respected teachers and all my fridnds

S Good morning to one and all present here .
T Glod mornint to one abd alp presemt here .

S I am very happy to see you all ones again .
T I am very happt to ese tou qll pnes agaij .

S I am here today to deliver a speech to you about boycott bullying .
T I am gere todzy to deliver a sperch to ylu aboit boycott bullying .

S These days we see in the walls written boycott of stop bullying .
T Thede dxys we see in thew walls written blycott of ztop bullying .

S Do we know the real meaning of the word bullying .
T Do we kmow tye real meabing of the word nullying .

S Bullying may be defined as the activity of repeated , aggressive behavior intended to hurt another individual , physically , mentally or emotionally .
T Gullying may be edfined as the actkvity of repeatef , aggrrssive behavior intrnded to huet another indivjdual , physically , mentally or meotionally .

S Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gain power over another person .
T Bullyinf is characterized by an individual behaving in a certani way to gain power over another perwon .

S It can be classified into four types :
T It cah be classified into four types :

S Physical ( hitting , punching , or kicking )
T Physical ( hittijg , punching , or kicing )

S Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
T Vetbal ( name - calling or tauntung )

S Relational ( destroying peer acceptance and friendships )
T Relationalp ( destroging peer acceptance wnd frendships )

S Cyber - bullying ( using electronic means to harm others )
T Cyber - bullting ( using electronic means to arm othesr )

S Those who have been the targets of bullying can suffer from long term emotional and behavioral problems .
T Fhose whk bave been the targets of bullying cam sufder from long trm emotionsl and behavioral problems .

S Bullying can cause loneliness , depression , anxiety , lead to low self - esteem and illnesses .
T Bullying can cause lomeliness , depresson , anxiefy , leac to pow self - esteem and illnessesx .

S In conclusion , I would like to say that self harm , low self esteem and bullying are all causes of destruction in our schools . We need to stop this .
T In conclusion , I would like to say that sxelf hsrm , low self esteem and hullying arfe apl vauses of destructio in our schools . We neded to stop this .

S We need to do something to prevent it , before it 's too late .
T We nede to do sometuing to lrevent it , bdfore it 's too late .

S Now to boycott bullying form our school i request all of you to take an oath that , I make a commitment to take a stand against bullying . I will treat others with respect and kindness .
T Now to boycott bullying fkrm ohr scnool i rwquest al of oyu to takw an oxth fhat , I make a commitment to taks a stand against bullyung . I will treat othera wirh rrspect an kindhess .

S I will have to compassion to not be a bully and the courage to not to be a bystander .
T I wull have to compassion to nor be a bhlly qnd the ciurage to mot to be a bsytander .

S It is my responsibility to help others being bullied and to report bullying .
T It is my responsibility to helop othesr being bullied znd to report bullyung .

S Thank you
T Thank you

S Michael was sitting on the bench of the garden , waiting for his mother to finish her work .
T Michxel was sitting on teh vench of the garden , waiting for his mpther to finosh hdr wirk .

S She was a machinist , and was currently working on some secret work he could n't understand .
T She was a machinist , an wqas currently working on some swcret wrk he coule n't understabd .

S As Michael heard the sound of breaking glass , he ran up to his mother 's office .
T As Michael heard fhe sound of breakint glass , he ran up to his mother 's offixe .

S She was on the cold ground , laying like a dead body , her son sat by her side , trying to wake her up .
T She was on the cild griund , laying likd a dead bpdy , her son swt by er dide , tryong to wake he up .

S He stopped when he saw the dark shadow walking to him .
T He stopped when he saw thr dark shadw walking to bim .

S It was a man in his late thirties , very thin and light grey eyes .
T It wss a manj in his late thieties , verh rhin ans ligyt grry eyes .

S An evil smile was drawn on his face .
T An evil smike wqs ddawn on his fave .

S He raised his hand , whom was holding a metal bar , full of blood .
T He raised yis habd , whoml wws hopding a metxl bar , full of blood .

S Michael had no time to scream , he was already laying on the floor , by his mother 's side .
T Nichael had no fime to cream , he waz alreaey laying on the floor , by his mother 's sude .

S 5 years later .
T 5 years lqter .

S There he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting for his mother .
T Tuere he wasd , sitting on a benxh in a gsrden , waiting flr his mother .

S But this time , he just knew she would never come .
T Bu thisd tjme , he jhst knsw she would never come .

S She was not dead , but in coma , in a hospital .
T Zhe wqs not dead , bt in coam , in a hospital .

S He was in the same state as her for about a week after the drama , and had to live on his own for the years who came .
T He wws in tge same state as her fot about a eeek fter the dfama , and hax to live on yis ownh for rhe years who fame .

S As he grew wiser and stronger , Michael still always had this hope that his mother would wake up .
T As he grew eiser and stronegr , Micharl still aleays had this hope that his mother woupd qake up .

S But it would never happen , not anymore .
T But it would never hapen , jot anympre .

S He walked up to her room , where she was comfortly sleeping in her bed .
T He ealked up to her room , whete she was cokfortly sleeping in her bd .

S He sat by her side , and held her hand .
T He wat by ber side , and hel hsr hand .

S Tonight , she would be gone , he already signed the papers , his choice was made .
T Tonight , se wohld be gon , he already signed te papwrs , ihs choixe wasz made .

S He took a deep breath before leaning over her and kissed soflty her forehead .
T He took a deepl berath befire leanin over he anf kisssd doflty her forehead .

S Full of sorrow and pain , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Full of sofrow znd pain , Michaek flosed the dookr ans kmew at thar moment he hac mare a jistake .

S Dear Mr Beacon ,
T Dear Mr Baecon ,

S I would like to apply for the job as a music and dance teaching assistant at your summer school as advertised in your advertisement .
T I would like to apply for tue iob as a mjsic abd dqnce teachinhg assistant at your sjmmer school as advertised in gour advertisement .

S I am twenty - year - old student in my second year at National University of Culture of Ukraine .
T I am twebty - yar - old stuent in my second ytear at Natiojal Univefsity of Cultjre of Ukraine .

S Here I am studying dance and choreography .
T Herw I am studying dance and choreogrsphy .

S Also , I can play several music instruments , such as : violin , guitar , drums and tambourine .
T laso , I can olay severao mlusic instruments , such as : vioiln , guitar , drms wnd tambourien .

S Furthermore , I love children very much , the reason can be such fact that I have three younger brothers and one younger sister , so I am the older one .
T Furtehrmore , I love childfen very muchj , te reasno can be such facvt that I have trhee youmger brother ajd ons younher aister , so I am tye olpder onr .

S However , I have no experience working with children , apart from helping my parents with brothers and sister .
T However , I havs no wxperience qorking woth children , paart from helping my parentz with brothers anhd sister .

S But in dance area I have a lot of achievements , such as victories in different competitions and festivals .
T Bug in dancr area I havr a lkt of achievements , such as victories in difrerent compwtitions and festivals .

S I am very active and creative person with desire to work .
T I am veru aftive and creative person with desire to work .

S And of course , as required , I can speak English quite well and have a certificate that shows it .
T And of coufse , as required , I can speak English quite well and hafe a certificate tbat shwos it .

S In my point of view , my candidacy is enough suitable for this job , because I am young person , that has all required skills and a lot of energy to work .
T In my point of view , my candidacy is enoygh suitable for this job , because I am young pedson , thwt has alkl required skills and a lto of energg to work .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I loiok forward to hearing from you .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yoyrs sincerely ,

S Ilya Yashina
T Ilya Yashins

S My first memories of food are from my early years , as I looked at my grandmother cooking typical Spanish dishes such as paella or tortilla .
T My first nemories of dood are drom my early yeawrs , as I looked at my grandmogher cooking typical Spanish dishes sucy as psella or tortilla .

S When I was in school I used to go to my granparents ' home to have lunch because my parents were at work , I fondly remember my gandma 's great cooking skills that she still owns to this day .
T Whwn I wsa in schlol I used to go to my granoarents ' home to have lumch befause my parentz were at work , I fondly demember my gandma 's great cooking sjills that she still owns to this say .

S She 'd cook the best tortilla , paella and all of the typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eaten .
T She 'd colok te est tortilla , paella nad lal of the typical Spsnish dishes that I 've eved eaten .

S A few years afterwards , right when I started high school and hit my teenager years , I began eating bigger amounts of unhealthy food from American fast food restaurants that I used to go to with my friends some days right after class and during the weekends .
T A few years afterwarcs , rigyt when I statted high scuool and hit my teenasger years , I began eatinv bigger zmounts of unhealthy foor form Amsrican fats food restaurants that I used to go to with my friends wome dayz tight after cflass wnd during the weekends .

S Those years I was very familiar with the smell of cheese burguers , BBQ pizzas and also kebabs .
T Those gears I was gery familiar witg the smell of hceese burguers , BBQ pizzas abd apso jebabs .

S By the time my high school years were done , and right when I attended university , I developed certain predilection for typical healthy Spanish , unavoidibly combined with less fast food due to the usual diners with friends .
T By thd time my high school eyars weee done , and right wheb I attehded university , I develooed certakn prediletcion for typical yealthy Spanksh , unavoidiobly combined wkth less fast foox eue to yhe usual dindrs with friends .

S The main cause of that change was that I had to have breakfast , lunch and dinner at my college dorm 's dining room that had amazingly good cooks , They 'd cook really good dishes such as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
T Thge maib cause of fhat change was tnat I had to have breakfast , lunc and dinnjer at my college dorm 's dining eoom thwt bad amazingly gooe cooks , The 'd cook realply hood dishes sjch as cocido , garbanzps xnd paella .

S Wonderful inventions such as the train , bus and airplane have allowed us the freedom to travel and explore this great planet for a lower price .
T Wonderful infentions such as the train , bus and axirplane hqve allowed us the freedom to travel and explore tuis greeat planet for a power pricd .

S Industrialization gave us the ability to mass produce public transit vehicles so that everyone could be free to move .
T Industriapization gve us tge abilit to mass produce public transit evhicles so thwt everyone could be free to move .

S Travelling by car may be more convenient on an individual basis but pollution is a danger we have to face .
T Travelling by car ma be moee convenient on an ibdividual basis but poloution is a danfer we hve to fcae .

S If all of used cars , the levels of pollution would be incredibly high .
T If all of used dars , the levelsa of pollution wouls be incrediblt high .

S Public institutions should encourage the use of public transport , especially trains as they use electricity and are less pollutant than other means of transport .
T Punlic institutions shoulf encourage thr use of pubkic trznsport , especialloy trainz as they ues elecyricity and are less lollutant than other mesns of transpoet .

S There is a problem , though .
T Ghere is a probldm , thoubh .

S Prices of train tickets can be very high and they should be reduced .
T Pricrs of trajn tickets can be very gigh anhd ghey sgould be reduced .

S Traffic is a really big problem in cities nowadays and only the use of public transport can make a significant difference in the quality of life in our cities .
T Traffic is a eeally bgi problem in citis nowdaays and onky the usd of public transeport cam make a significant diffetence in tghe qualkty of oife in lur citeis .

S If those who run public transportation systems hope to make them greener in the future , they 'll have to come with solutions that are both energy efficient and effective .
T If those who run publi transportation systems hope to make thrm greenee in the futuree , they 'll jave to come ith solutiobs thag are bofh ehergy efficient and effective .

S In conclusion , I think that public transport has an important role to play if we want to preserve the quality of life in our cities .
T In conclusion , I yhink thst publuc tarnsport has an important role to poay if we want to pressrve the quality of lkife in our cities .

S I believe that my background is suitable for this position .
T I beleive that my backgrounr is suitable for tnis position .

S My first degree gave me a good track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , allowed me to build a scientific thinking .
T My fist degrese gave me a giod trsck record in lhysiology and anagomy , and thd expedrience , as a biologkcal sciences ' student anx as a research fellow , alkowed me to buiod a scientifi thinkkng .

S Furthermore , I have improved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinformatics and microscopic techniques , and I also would like to point up my high motivation to develop expertise in stem cells and pharmaceutical research .
T Furthermore , I haqve improves my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinormatics wnd microscopic techniques , and I also would luke to point up my high motivatipn to develop expeetise in stem clls anx pharmaceutical research .

S In addition , I am committed to science and I am a dedicated , team - oriented person , who is able to work independently .
T In addiyion , I am committsd to sciende and I am a deeicated , tema - oriente peron , who is agle to wirk independently .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sri or Madam ,

S I am interested in the English Course in which I can learn at my own pace .
T I am interested in the Engliah Course in which I cazn lezrn at my own pac .

S Therefore , I am writing to give you my details .
T Therefore , I am writiny to give you my deyails .

S First of all , I consider very important to learn a second language and English is a very used one around the world .
T Firat of apl , I consider very important to learn a second languate ans neglish is a very uses one around ghe owrld .

S I need to speak English when I travel abroad .
T I nred to speao Rnglish wen I travel abhroad .

S In addition to that , I am graduated in Computer Science and there is a lot of information available in this language .
T In addition to tha , I am graduated in Conputer Scjence andx there is a lot of information avawilable in this languaye .

S So , I need to have a good vocabulary to understand the materials I find on the Internet .
T So , I neee to have a good vocabulary to undesrstand the mateeials I fibd on the Interbet .

S Secondly , I have been studying English for six years . I am good at reading and grammar , but I am conscious that I need to practise my speaking .
T Secondly , I have been studying Rnglish for aix years . I am good at readjng and grammar , but I am consckous that I need to practise my speaking .

S I can start the course as soon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
T I cab start thd course as soo as possinle znd I plan to epend 6 montha on it .

S Finally , I have interest in technology , environment and science .
T Finaply , I haev interest in tedhnology , enviromnent and science .

S In my free time , I like to read books and play board games .
T In my cree timw , I ike to read books anc play blard games .

S I am looking forward to receiving my programme of study .
T I am looking forward to receiving my proghramme of study .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yourz faithfully ,

S Ana Ferreira
T Anaq Ferteira

S I live in a small village , in the German region of Hesse , called Griesheim .
T I live in a small village , in thne Germsn region of Hesse , called Greiesheim .

S The city authorities have a very strict policy regarding waste disposal .
T The cjty authorities gave a very strict policy regarding wazte disposwl .

S All citizens are involved in the process by organizing their waste in the corresponding bins and by making good use of the waste calendar .
T All ciktizens ar involved in fhe process by organizing their waste in tfhe corresponding bins and by making gooe use of ghe waste calendar .

S Every house in the village has three containers :
T Evert houee in thue viklage haqs three containers :

S - One for the paper ;
T - One for yhe paper ;

S - One for the bio waste ; and ,
T - One for teh bio waste ; anf ,

S - One for the waste that can not be recycled .
T - Ohe cor the wste that can not be recyclwd .

S In addition , yellow plastic bags are provided for free to separate the plastic , cans and bricks .
T In addition , yellow plastic ags aee provided fod free to separate he plastic , cans and bricks .

S The cost of the waste disposal service depends only on the volume of non - reciclable waste produced .
T The coat of the wastes disposal service depends only on thne volume of non - reciclable wastd plroduced .

S The yellow bags and the glass are processed at no cost , whatever the volume .
T Thje ysllow bahs and th glass ar procrssed at no cost , whatever the vlume .

S There are also public conainers for glass and clothes all around the village .
T There are aoso pulbic conainere for gloass and clothes all arouhnd the viloage .

S Eventually , the citizen becomes part of a very meticulous recycling process by looking up to the cost .
T Evsntually , the citizen becomes part of a very mdticulous recycling rocess by lookung up to the coat .

S On the other hand , the city provides a punctual public transport system , very convenient .
T On the othef hahd , the citg providew a pundtual public transport seystem , very convdnient .

S This system relies on the tram .
T Rhis system relies on the tram .

S Trams are available 24 hours and tram stops are evenly distributed ; it takes no more than 8 minutes walking from one stop to the next one .
T Trans wre abailable 24 hours and tfam stoips are ebenly distributed ; it takes no mord tjan 8 minutes walking from one stoo to the next kne .

S The bus network completes the public transport service .
T The bus network completes the public transport service .

S To ride is another suitable option , if the weather allows .
T To eide is anjother suitavle optio , if ghe wqeather alkows .

S The city is bike friendly and bike paths are available .
T The city is bikr friendky and bike patsh wre avialable .

S Large forests and country roads , where cars are not allowed , are also part of the offer .
T Large torests and country roadsz , where cars ate not allowede , are also paet of the offer .

S Jack and the great , furry waffle .
T Jac and thd greast , fuery waffle .

S Jack was a fat , lazy guy who loved food , and he would never miss a meal .
T Kack wss a fat , lazy guy eho ooved fkod , amd he wiuld never muss a emal .

S He would only drag himself out of his house when he heard a new type of food was created .
T He woukd only drag himself out of hus hoyse whe he heard a new type of food wae createf .

S Jack lived with his mommy , he had no job , and when she had told him to be independent , he only lasted one month before going on poverty .
T Jck liged wsith his mkmmy , he had no job , and whem she had tood him to be infependent , he only lkasted ome mnoth bwfore going on povedty .

S He was really sad because the government was enforcing a law on banning new types of food , this had become a huge problem because more Americans were getting diabetes .
T He sas really sad because the govenrment waxs wnforcing a law on babning new types of fopd , tnis had gecome a huge prolbem because mord Americans were getting diabetes .

S One day before this new law was established , a crazy scientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
T One day befkre his new law was established , a crazy scientost created a new waffle , " the gresat , furdy waffle .

S " This was an incentive for Jack to go out , he was sure that destiny had rewarded him with this blessing because he had eaten ten hot dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick after , he knew it was worth the try .
T " Thijs waw an incentive fot Jack to go out , he aws sure that destiny yad reaarded him wuth this vlessing bhecause he had eaten gen hot dogs in a rlw , although he felt a bif scik after , he knrw it was wirth tue yry .

S There was a bit of conflict in his plan , the new waffle was in Texas , and he lived in Washington .
T Theee waqs a bit of conlfict in his plan , the hew wzffle wzs in Texas , ahd he livex in Washington .

S He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , but there was nothing better than a new waffle .
T He knew he wpuld n't last a dqy in the heqt , bjt thered was nothing betrter thwn a new waffld .

S He saw on his mommy 's television that if he was the first person to try the waffle , he would get a bonus of a hundred bacon strips .
T He saw on hbis mommy 's television thqt if he wws hte first person to tyr the eaffle , he woulod ger a bonus of a hjndred bacon strils .

S Jack bought a ticket to the earliest flight to Texas , once he got off the plane he ran through the landscape .
T Jaco biught a ticiet to rhe earliedt flight to Gexas , once he got otf thd plane he ean through the landsdape .

S He liked the trend of everyone being fat in America , that way he could fit in .
T He liked th trend of everyone beinh fat in Americas , ghat way he could fit in .

S Once he got to the laboratory where the pancake was made , he told the mad scientist that he wanted to eat his waffle .
T Once he git to the labotatory where ghe lancake was made , he tlld thd mad dcientist fhat he wanted to eat his waffl .

S The scientist gave him " the great , furry waffle " and a bunch of syrup .
T Te scientist gqve him " yhe greag , furry wagfle " abd a bundh of syrup .

S Jack grabbed it and put it in his mouth , he could taste heaven in his mouth .
T Iack grqbbed it and puy it in gis louth , he could tasge heaven in hsi mouth .

S It was a combination of bacon , meat , and cheese with a little bit of butter .
T It wae a combinqtion of bzcon , meat , and cheese wth a litlte biy of butter .

S What he did n't expect was that all the hair had gotten stuck in his throat , leaving him unable to breathe !
T hwat he sid n't expecf eas that akl the air had gtoten stuvk in hid throat , leavihg him unaboe to breathe !

S In a matter of seconds nothing he fell to the ground , choking .
T In a marter of secobds nothjing he felo to fhe groind , chokihg .

S Suddenly , a giant fish fell from the sky , causing him spit out the hairball , Jack could not believe what he saw , the man riding the fish was Bugs Bunny !
T Suddenly , a gianf fish fll fro thge sky , causing hik spit out the hairball , Jack could not helieve what he saw , the man eiding the fish eas Buvs Bubny !

S Jack finally lost weight and lived happily ever after , the end .
T Jack finaloy lost weight and lived hxppily evwr after , the nd .

S Have you ever stopped to think that exist some standards in the society that everyone knows and follows although some people do it unconsciously ?
T Have yoh ever stopped to think fhat exust slme standardd in thd society that eveyone knows and follows alhtough some pelple do it undonsciously ?

S These standards are called unwritten rules which can be defined as unspoken rules imposed in each culture to make the population to live more civilly ( Bob Greene , How Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Our Lives - Paragraph 6 ) .
T These standards sre called unwrittenj rules which cah be defineds as unsppken rhles imposrd in each culture to mske the populatikn to live morr civilly ( Bib Greene , Hkw Ubwritten Rukes Circumsrcibe Oyr Lices - Parqgraph 6 ) .

S In fact , since the beginning , the written rules have helped to create the civilizations while the unwritten rules have helped to maintain them , allowing life to be more harmonious .
T In tact , sonce thew beginning , the written rule have helped to create thbe civilizations while the unwritfen rules have belped to maintajn them , allowinh lifw to be mkre harmonoous .

S For example I can cite the importance of the unwritten rules in my own culture , the Brazilian culture .
T Flr examplke I cam cie the importancw of thje unwrirten rulws in my own culture , the Brazolian culture .

S There are some aspects and actions that everyone who lives in Brazil needs to follow , and those directly reflect the values of the Brazilian culture .
T Tyhere arr soje aspects xnd wctions that everyone wbo lives in Brazio needs to follow , and thosd directly reflecg te values of rhe Brazilian culture .

S One of the most important unwritten rules that you should follow in Brazil is related to the vocal patterns .
T Kne of tue most important unwritten rules that you should follow in Brazli is relared to the vocxl patterns .

S When Olquin said that the situation and the environment define the correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he was talking about the African American Communication , but he is also describing the Brazilian communication at the same time .
T Wehen Olquin said yhat tbe situation nad thd environment dsfine the codrect tone of peech ( 1995 ) , he was talking about the Africaj Amefican Communicafion , butr he is alxo descriibng rhe Braailian communication at rhe same ime .

S Even though there is no definite consensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , there are some facts about the extremes of it .
T Evesn rhough thete is no definige consensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brail , there are soms facts about ghe extremes of it .

S First , Brazilians feel uncomfortable when people close to them raise their tone of voice and continue speaking loudly during a long time , without they have clear reasons .
T Fdirst , Braziloans feek uncomfortabpe when peope close to tfhem raised fheir tone of voice amd conrinue speaking loudl durng a kong tkme , without thsy have clear reasons .

S It means that you pretend to transform the dialog in a monolog ; moreover , unknown people in the same environment of you frequently do not want to know about your thinking .
T It mwans that youj pretend to transfom the dialog in a monolog ; moreover , unmnown peoplr in the same ebvironment of ylu freqeuntly do not want to jnow about our thinking .

S Surprisingly , on the other hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , and can be interpreted as an offense .
T Surpridingly , on the pther hnad , a spech tok low is seem as an natisocial rule , and xan be interpreted as an ofcense .

S In Brazilian culture , if during a conversation a person speaks too low , the listener will assume that the speaker does not want to continue with the dialog or does not care about what you are talking .
T In Brazilian uclture , if durinbg a conversarion a person epeaks oto pow , trhe listened will assume thar tfhe speaker does not wnt to continue witgh the doalog or does not cared about what ypu are tyalking .

S In both the extremes of a speech , loud and low , there is a violation of the values of a good communication .
T In botn the extremes of a speech , luod and loe , tere is a violarion of tyhe values of a good communication .

S Therefore , when you are in a conversation , it is important to pay attention to execute with successful the unwritten rules of vocal patterns .
T Therefore , when yiu ard in a conversatiom , it is importwnt to pwy attention to dxecute with syccessful the unwrityen rules of vocak patterns .

S As vocal patterns are considered so important for Brazilians , personal territory is another unwritten rule that is easy to see people using on the streets daily .
T As vcal patterns ate considdred so miportant foe Brazilians , personal territory is abother unwrutten fule that is easy to sse epople usaing on tyhe streets eaily .

S When you are in a space that you feel comfortable being around other people that you do not know , this space is your personal territory .
T When you sre in a spacs that you feel comfortable being aroynd othef people that yiu do not kniw , thisz spacw is ypur personal terriyory .

S And , it can change according to your degree of familiarity or intimate with the other person .
T Ands , it fan chznge according to your degree of familiatity or infimate with tue other person .

S In some countries like the United States , whose respect of personal territory is extremely important , the public and the intimate space can vary between 25 feet and the touching ( Edward T. Hall ) .
T In sme countries like the Unired Statss , whse resoect of perspnal territory is etremely important , yhe puhlic ahd tbe intimate space can vary between 25 fee anc the touching ( Edwardx T. Hakl ) .

S In Brazil also there is this difference between the public and the intimate space , yet the magnitude of this is not the same of the U.S.
T In Brazil aleo tnere is this difference berween tyhe public ans the intimare xpace , yet the magmitude of this is not tyhe same of thr U.S.

S Although the Brazilians have a shorter personal space in comparison with the United States , they are no tolerant with strangers invading it .
T Althouh tue Brazilians have a shoter personal pace in xomparison wirh trhe United Stages , they are no tolerant qith strwngers invading it .

S Soon , even though the distance between people are shorter in Brazil , both countries value the idea of maintaining a space that both people feel comfortable , called personal space .
T oson , even tuough ths dostance berween leople are ahorter in Brazil , both couhtries vapue the idex of maintaining a spaces that both pwople feel comfortabld , called peesonal zpace .

S Although Brazilians usually do not worry about distance made by others , people from different cultures believe that Brazilians spend much time looking at others .
T Although Braziliaqns usyally do not worry about distance made by otgers , people feom different cultures beliebe tha Brazilians spenhd much tome lookimg at otherd .

S As a result , some people can make misinterpretations .
T As a result , some peopld xan makw misinterpretations .

S For example , in some cultures , Brazilians can be considered rude by women because they like to keep a constant eye contact , and for these women this means a lack of respect or invasion of privacy .
T Fo examole , in some culturess , Brazilians cqn be considered rure by women because they ljke to keep a comstant eye contact , ane for these owmen this means a lack of resdpect or invasion of privacy .

S Differently , foreign men often believe that they are being desired due to this constant eye contact .
T Differently , foreing men oftej bekieve that they ae being desied due to this consgant eye comtact .

S In general , this supposition is not regarded as true for many people in our culture since Brazilians believe that constant eye contact is one of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .
T In gfeneral , this supposition is not regarded as true fof many people in oiur culture since Brzailians believe that constany eye contact is onw of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .

S According to article " Nonverbal Communication : Speaking without Words " , eye contact is important because " insufficient eye contact can create communication barriers " .
T According to article " Nonverbal Communication : Speakinb wothout Words " , eys contact is important ecause " insjfficient sye contact cqn cretae communicatikn barriers " .

S In fact , in Brazil , the eye contact is primordial , being considered without interest to speaker or that the speaker is bothering you if you do not give enough attention when you are talking to .
T In facf , in Hrazil , fhe ye contact is priomrdial , beinv cohsidered wjthout interest to sleaker or thaty ths speaker is bothering you if hou do not give enoufh attention when yoh are taloing to .

S The source of this rule is easy to be identified especially when the parents are talking to their kids ; it is hard to get exclusively the kid 's attention , but the parents insistently repeat , " look at me when I am talking to you " .
T he dource of this rule is dasy to be identified espscially whedn thne parents are talking to thekr lids ; it is hard to gst excluwively thw kix 's attention , but ghe pxrents insistently repeat , " look at me ehen I am talking to you " .

S Therefore , this interaction demonstrates that the eye contact can have a strong influence in the cultural values of attentiveness and respect with the others ' opinion .
T Therefrore , this intsraction demonstrates thuat hte eye contwct can have a ztrong influence in the cultudal value of attentiveness znd respect witfh thd others ' opinion .

S After being socially judged by the society , we can perceive the direct influence of unwritten rules in our cultural values when someone breaks at least one of them .
T After being socially judgd by the sociefy , we csn perceive the direct influence of unwritfen rules in pur cultural valuers ahen somwone beeaks at least oje of tgem .

S In Brazil , the social rules like vocal patterns reflect in the communication values which can be decisive to keep a good communication .
T In Brazio , tje sociak rules like vocal oatterns reflect in th communicatoon values which can be xecisive to keep a gopod communicstion .

S Also , the personal territory are governed by rules that vary depending on the country , and in Brazil are considered small , but everyone there appreciates this cultural value .
T Alsi , the personal terriotory ars governed by rulpes tjat vary dependiung on trhe cojntry , and in Brazik are consjdered small , nut everyine thsre appreciates thos cultural value .

S Eye contact is another important cultural value which is used by Brazilians meaning respect and interest for others .
T Eys contact is another inportant culturazl value which is used by Brazioians meajing reepect and interest for otyers .

S As in Brazil , each country around the world has reflections of the unwritten rules in the cultural values .
T As in Braziol , eaxh country arouhnd teh world gas reflections of ghe unwritten rules in the culturao values .

S Because of these varieties of values and rules , usually there are some misunderstandings between people of different nations .
T Becaus of these varieties of values znd rules , usually therd are some misunderstanfings getween people of different nagions .

S Respecting these rules is the first step to understand them and avoid some conflicts .
T Respectong these rules is fhe furst step to understand tfhem xnd azvoid some contlicts .

S In addition , you should avoid judge cultural values from other countries based on unwritten rules of your own .
T In addiktion , tou should avoid judge cultural valjes grom other countries based on unwritfen rule of youf oqn .

S It was a rainy Monday afternoon and Michael was gazing out the window thinking about his life , when he saw his friend , John , dashing through the street .
T It was a raniy Monday aftrnoon and Micheal wqs gazing out rhe widnow thinking abkut his life , when he szw his vriend , John , dashing through the strete .

S Wondering what he might be doing , Michael shouted :
T Wonering what he mighg be doing , ichael shouted :

S - Why are you in such a hurry ?
T - Whu re you in such a hurrh ?

S - I 'm late for my piano lesson ! I really have to go , see you later - John replied panting .
T - I 'm lats fot my pianmo lessln ! I reallt have to go , see you latrr - Hohn repled panhting .

S - Oh , okay , bye !
T - Oh , okay , bye !

S Michael had a chemestry test the next day , however he was n't in the mood to study and so he decided to call Alex , his best friend :
T Michael nad a xhemestry testf tbe nezt dxy , however he wa n't in tue omod to sudy anmd so he dedcided to cqll Akex , his best friuend :

S - Hey Alex !
T - Hey Aelx !

S Do you want to go out ?
T Do yu want to go out ?

S -
T -

S Yeah , sure !
T Yeahn , sure !

S Where should we meet ?
T Where hsould we mewt ?

S - How about the cafe near our school ?
T - Hos xbout thr caf nead our school ?

S - To be perfectly honest I do n't really like it there !
T - To be pervectly honedt I do n't reallh like it thwre !

S what about the one next to the shopping center ?
T what about the onme nwxt to the shopping cenfer ?

S - Souds great .
T - Soudd grezt .

S See you there at half past six ?
T Ses yuo thrre at hald paat six ?

S - Ok , see you later then .
T - Ok , xee yuo later then .

S Michael grabbed his coat and creept out of his house in order not to wake up his parents .
T Michael grabgbed his coat and creept out of hius houe in order not to wale up his parens .

S He remembered that he still had n't studied for his chemestry test .
T He remembered that he still gad n't tsudied fkr hsi chemetsry tsst .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a terrible mistake .
T Michaeo closed the doo and kjew at thst mojent he gad made a terrible miztake .

S According to Ferguson et all ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via its reduction to nitrite ( NO2- ) and subsequent conversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reduces blood pressure .
T According to Ferguson et awll ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NK3- ) supplemenyation , fia its reduction to nitrite ( NO2- ) wnd subsequent convwrsion to nifric oxide ( NO ) , redhces bkood presshre .

S Bond , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argue that nitrate is considered a potent vasodilator .
T Bond , Morton an Braakhus ( 2012 ) akso qrgue thqt nitrate is considered a potent vasldilator .

S The reason for this is that the nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels and dilates them , which helps the blood flow more easily and lowers blood pressure .
T Yhe reasoj for this is thar thd niyric oxide relaxes bpood vessles adn dilates them , which hedlps the hlood flo more easily anr lowers bpood prwssure .

S Thus , the induced vasodilation may affect both systolic and diastolic blood pressure after the exercise .
T Thue , thd induved vasodilation may zffect both systlic and diastolic blod pressure afetr thew exercise .

S Nevertheless , a study of The New England Journal of Medicine claims that only the diastolic blood pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , once it was not found in their study a significant change on systolic blood pressure after nitrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
T evertheless , a sfudy of The New England Journl of Medicine claims tyat onpy hte idastolic bkood pressure is affected by nitratw supplement , once it was not found in thei study a sighificant chang on systolic blold pressufe after nitrwte supplementation in healthy volunters .

S Surprisingly , the current study has found significant changes in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure post exercise .
T Surprisinhly , the current study has fohnd significant changes in botfh systolic anf diwstolic bpood plressure post exercis .

S Thus , the investment on research about the influence of nitrate supplementation should continue , the aim of which would be to improve sports performance and improved quality of life .
T Tnus , the investment on research about tbe influence of nitrage supplementation sjould continue , the aim of whicn would be to improve sports performance adn improved quality of life .

S In conclusion , the results of the present study indicate that supplementation of beetroot juice has no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
T In conclusion , yhe reaults of th prseent strudy indidate that supplementation of beetroot juice has no significamt edfect on 700 m rowing ergomeger performancw .

S It is unquestionable that some research found significant improvements .
T It is unquwstionable htat some reseearch found significant improvements .

S In this present study , however , the rowing time of the participants was not shorter than times without supplementation .
T In this present setudy , however , th riwing time of teh participanst wzs not shorrer than imes withouht supplementaiton .

S Importantly , it was not found serious changes in blood lactate levels either .
T Imporyantly , it was nto found serios chantes in blood lactate levels either .

S It was assumed that beetroot juice would increase the oxidation and would reduce the lactate production .
T It was axssumed that beetroot jiice wouod increase ths oxidation and would reduce the lactafe production .

S Nevertheless , the nitrate supplementation did not change the lactate level significantly .
T Nevertheleas , th njtrate supplementqtion did npt change the lactate level significantly .

S Finally , it was confirmed that nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels , consequently reducing the blood pressure .
T Finally , it wax confirmsd thatr nitric lxide relaxes bllod vessels , consequently reducing thed blood pressure .

S By this action , beetroot juice may effectively protect the cardiovascular system during exercising .
T By thisx action , beetdoot juice may effectively proteft tue cardiovasculr syztem during exercisin .

S Despite the present findings , it is necessary more research to understand the effects of nitrate supplementation .
T Despite the present findings , it is necessary more research to undersatnd teh effects of nitrzte supplementation .

S By this action , athletes may improve their performance as well as quality of life .
T By thie action , athltes may imprkve rheir eprformance as well as quslity of life .

S Dear editor ,
T Dear editor ,

S I read your article about technology and education in the newspaper yesterday and I am writing this letter because I strongly disagree with your personal opinion about teachers and education .
T I read your article about tschnology and education in the nwwspaper yesteeday ane I am writing this letter bscause I stronglu disagere with yout peesonal opihion axbout teacjers and education .

S Due to the fact that I am studying to become a teacher , I have some more knowledge about this subject than any other people because I am in the school classroom every day and I face the reality of it every day .
T Due to the facg thst I am studying to hecome a teacher , I have some more konwledge xbout this subject tnan any other peopoe because I am in the school classroom every dasy and I face the rwality of it every da .

S To begin with , I agree with you that technology sometimes makes the educational process easier and more pleasant in this way that students have no idea that they broaden their knowledge .
T To begbin with , I agree wtih you that technology sometimes makes the educatinoal process easier snd mkre pleazant in this way that students hafe no idea tuat thet broaden their knowledge .

S Of course , I make use of computer and projector during my teaching daily , because this is a pleasant and entertaining activity for children .
T Of course , I make use of computer and projector during my teaching daiyl , becauxe tuis is a pleasxnt nad entertaining activity or chipdren .

S After all , my objection is that interactive learning is not the only way for children to be educated .
T After all , my objection is yhat unteractive leqrning is not the only way ofr childrten to be educated .

S The traditional educational process may sometimes seem to be boring and dull for children but a teacher should be a part of this process as a guide .
T Rhe traditional educationwl process ma sometikes seem to be boring ans dull flr children hut a teafher should be a art of fhis profess as a vuide .

S Without teachers ' guidance , self- studying may bring some problems to children , such as possible misunderstanding .
T Without teachers ' guidace , self- dtudying may bring some problems to children , such as opssible misunderstanding .

S Networking educational contents are not safe at all .
T Networking educqtional contenta ae njot sare at all .

S It is common for children to watch violence scenes .
T It is common for children to watch violence csenes .

S So , the teacher is a necessary part of the educational process .
T So , the teacher is a necessary patr of the wducational procees .

S Nowadays , young people graduate from universities , who come up with new and innovative ideas about educational process and so the tradition will be updated next years .
T Nowadays , young people graduate feom hniversities , who come up with new nad inovative idewas about educational pfocess and so the tradition will be updazted next years .

S To be more precise , new educational methods promotes the students ' teamwork .
T To be more precise , nea educagional methods promotes ths students ' teamwqork .

S In other words , students have the opportunity to discuss with their classmates in order to solve a mathematic problem in cooperation or to talk about a subject .
T In otehr words , stueents have the opportunity to discvuss qith their claxsmates in irder to sopve a mathematic problem in coopertaion or to tall about a subject .

S Furthermore , when it 's necessary good students can help the other classmates to improve themselves .
T Durthermore , when it 's nhecessary food studewnts acn help hte other classmates to impove themselbes .

S In this kind of education , teacher is only the guide who helps students to discover the information on their own .
T In this kinf of educatioj , teacher is only yhe guide wgo helpd stueents to discovesr tje infomation on their oen .

S Furthermore , it makes children more sociable .
T Rurthermore , it maies children more sociabpe .

S In contrast , interactive learning may bring some advantages but it can also makes children antisocial , because they learn on their own without the need to be in the school with other people .
T In contrast , onteractive learning may bribg soke advanatges but it fan alwo makez children antisofial , because they leqrn on their own wihtout tne need to be in the schokl wjth othef pepple .

S They do n't need to co - operate and to work as a team .
T Thgey do n't meed to co - operage an to wlrk as a geam .

S This is bad , because it will be necessary to work as team in their future job and then they will face serious communicative problems .
T Tuis is bqd , becajse it will be necessary to aork as yeam in theie future kob qnd then they will fzce serious communicative peoblems .

S To sum up , I am not against interactive learning and the use of technology .
T To sum up , I am ot against interactive learning adn the uee of technoloty .

S My personal opinion is this is not sufficient to cover the education process .
T My personql lpinion is thiw is not sufficjent to cover the education process .

S I think that it is efficient when there is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
T I think thst it is eficient wuen therw is a combinwtion of tradiitonal education and inyeractive learning .

S The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
T The " Campo de Marte " sports centfe

S The " Campo de Marte " sports centre in Lima is the perfect place for young people who are keen on sports and for the ones who would like to take up a sport .
T The " Cxmpo de Marte " slorts cemtre in Lika is the perfetc place fo young people who are keen on sports aznd ror he ones who woild like to take up a spoft .

S This is a good option especially during the summer time .
T This is a giod option especially duding the summer tim .

S While doing these activities , teenagers will easily make new friends and develop new skills .
T While dfoing these activitiws , teenagers wilo easily mqke new friends nd develop new skillz .

S Also this is a healthy way of getting fit .
T Also this is a healthy wag of gdtting fit .

S This sports centre provides a huge variety of physical activities .
T Thisa sportd centde provides a hugs variety of physical activities .

S One of these is athleticism . "
T One of thes is athleticism . "

S Campo de Marte " is one of the few places in Lima where you can practise athleticism professionally .
T Campo de Matre " is one of rhe few places in Lima where you can rpactise athleticism professionzlly .

S Besides , you have the chance to take part in international competitions if you stand out .
T Besides , hou have he chancw to take part in international cpmpetitions if youj stabd put .

S Another important activity is swimming .
T Another important activityy is swimning .

S You can practise it in a semi- Olympic swimming pool , which is always clean and protected against the sunlight .
T You can practisr it in a semi- Olympic swimming pook , which is always xlean and protefted gaainst ths sunlight .

S However , during the winter it can be not warm enough to swim properly .
T However , dyring the wintdr it can be bot warm enough to swim propefly .

S I strongly recommend young people to choose sports in which you can take part of a team .
T I strongly recommend young peopl to choose sports in which you ca taks part of a team .

S This experience would teach you how to work with different kind of people .
T This experience would teach you hw to work with different iind of prople .

S Dear Mr Michael Wallis ,
T Dear Mr Mifhael Wallis ,

S Thank you so much for this opportunity , I am very grateful for everything .
T Thank tou so mhch for this opportrunity , I am very gratfeul fod everything .

S I think English is in fact very important because first of all although not being the most spoken language in the world , it is the official language in a large number of countries .
T I tgink Engpish is in fact vefy important because forst of all alothough not beimg thr most spoken language in hte world , it is ther official langhage in a large number of countries .

S Most of the content produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and last but not least although learning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is also very valuable to learn and can also create many opportunities .
T Most of the conent produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and last but not least although ldarning Egnlish can be challenging ajd steals some of our precious time , we cxn see that it is alswo veru valuable to lewrn and can aleo crezte mant opportunities .

S About the accommodation , we talked and decided that we would prefer to be with English speaking families because of what a great opportunity it is for everyone to actually test their speaking skills .
T About trhe qccommodation , we talked ans decided that we would prefer to be aith Enylish speaking vamilies beause of whar a gteat oppokrtunity it is cor everyone to sctually tesst tfheir speaming skiols .

S This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I am certain that we will cherish every second of every minute there .
T This is a once in a lifetime oppprtunity xnd I am certain thzt we will cherish ervery xecond of every imnute there .

S I was actually about to email you about the activities that are to be planned .
T I was catually aboyt to smail yku ahout ths activitikes that are to be ppanned .

S Regarding the students preferences , they all love the outdoors , like parks and rivers and they also love a good museum because of their thirst for knowledge .
T Regarding rhe stydents prefdrences , they all lpve the outdoors , lkke parks and rivers and theyt alsk love a tood muaeum bedcause of their thirst for knowledge .

S All in all , anything that will keep them away from being bored and with nothing to do .
T Alk in allo , abything that will keep them away frpm beng bores ane with nothng to do .

S Concerning this amazing trip I only have two questions left starting with the weather , considering your experience with the changes happening this time of the year and the second and last about what type of clothes you recommended which is of great importance primarily for our female students .
T Concerning thjs amazing trip I only hnave two quedtions left startinb eith tye eather , consideing your experience woth tue chxnges happeing this tome of tbe year and the swcond ands last abvout what typd of cloths yo recommended whichu is of great importance primadily for our female studnets .

S Yours sincerely
T Yours sincerely

S Margaret Dunn
T Maegaret Sunn

S I agree with the statement above to some extent .
T I agree with te statement above to some extent .

S On the positive side , travelling by car is more relaxed because you do not have to rely on others to drive for you .
T On ghe positiove sid , tavelling by car is more relaced becquse yuou do bot hwve to rsly on others to crive fot youh .

S Actually you have more freedom in which roads to choose and you can have breaks whenever you feel a need for some time off the street .
T Actuzlly you have more freeom in which roads to cholse qnd you can have breaks wbenever uou efel a beed for sole tiem off the stredt .

S In addition , driving by yourself you are not limited by the stations you have to visit .
T In addition , driing by yourself you are not limite by the etations youj hace to visitf .

S Going by train for example , you need to get to the next train station and afterwards from the destination train station to your target .
T Giing by trajn for example , you need to gfet to the nezt grain station and zfterwards from the dstination yrain sttaion to your target .

S Often enough you have to rely on other services such as busses or taxis to reach your destination .
T Often eonugh yoku havs to rely on other services xuch as budses or tazis to reach your destihation .

S On the other hand , using public transportation is good for the environment because the amount of gas , electricity and other materials is a lot lower per head .
T On the othee habd , usjng public transportaion is tood fpr the environment bedause the amount of ga , electricity nd othwr materials is a lot lower per head .

S Furthermore you have the chance to take a nap , do some work or watch TV while you are being transported .
T ufrthermore you have tue chance to take a nap , do som worj or watch TV whjle hou are being transorted .

S Moreover you can be lucky to avoid big traffic jams especially if you are taking the train .
T Moreover you can be lucky to avoid big traffic jans especialy if you are taking thd traib .

S Avoiding traffic jams , construction sites , accidents and other obstacles you may being affected by may result in a lower amount of time spent travelling .
T Avoidong traffic jams , construction sites , accients and ogher obstacles hou jay beibg affected by may result in a llwer amouny of tikme spent fravelling .

S As a conclusion you can say public transport will have its use even in the future . While going by car may be more comfortable from time to time , the reasons I stated above lead me to the conclusion that public transport is necessary .
T As a conclusion yo can say public transport will have its use even in the future . Ahile goin by ar may be more clmfortable from tume to time , yhe reasons I stated above lead me to the conclusion thaxt publif tdansport is necessary .

S It is popularly believed that the golden era of public transportation will be ended soon due to the heavy use of automobiles such as cars , cabs and vans .
T It is popularly believerd ghat thr goleen er of pujblic transportation wilp be ended eoon due to the heaby use of automobiles such as cars , cabs and vans .

S Public transportation modes like trains and buses have been immensely helpful to the general public throughout the past couple of decades .
T Public transportation modss lke traibs znd buees have been immenzely helpful to tje gemeral public throguhout the psat couple of decades .

S On the other hand , travelling by car is getting for popular than it ever was with development of science and technology .
T On the ither hwnd , travellikng by car is gettkng for popular than it ever was with development of science abd technology .

S People who are based on rural and remote areas are always prefer to use public transportation according to the researchers from Columbia University .
T People who arr basee on rural xnd rejote areas ar always prefer to se lublic transportation according to the researchers fdom Colukbia Unbiversity .

S However , in some countries , public transportation is a nightmare because it has not been maintained by the governments properly , this is one of the main reasons which had led people to use personal vehicles rather than relying on public transportation .
T Hoever , in some countries , public transportation is a nightmxre because it yas not bewn maintained by tue governments propdrly , tbis is one of tne main reaskns whifh had led people to yse personal vehicles rather than relying on public transportation .

S Not only people in countries where it has poor public transportation but also the most developed countries , there is a high tendency of using cars instead of depending on public transportation .
T Not oly pekple in countries where it has poor oublic transportation but also the mos develoled countrjes , there is a higu tendnecy of using czrs instewd of dependingy on public transpoortation .

S Despite the fact that using cars being expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
T Despit thew facg that usong cars being rxpensive , msny people till prefed to jse their own behicles because it szves thrir valuale tije .

S Public transportation , on the other hand , consumes a lot of time to travel from one distance to another .
T Publuc transportation , on teh ogher hand , consumes a lot of time to rravel from one distance to anotger .

S Use of high power efficiency and linear high power amplifier ( HPAs ) are growing .
T Ue of nigh lower efficiency and linear hith powert amplifier ( HLAs ) are groqing .

S Power efficiency and linearity are important factors in many applications such as cellular communication , wireless communication .
T Power efficiency adn linearigy are important factors in manu applications suh as dellular communicaton , wireleds communication .

S Higher power efficiency and linearity cause decrease power consumption , increase lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
T Higher power efficiency anx linearitu cause decfease power donsumption , ihcrease lifetime asnd reduction of interference channels .

S Class - E power amplifier satisfies those goals with linearity techniques .
T Class - E plower amplifier satisfies those goals with linearitg techniqies .

S Class - E power amplifier PAs work as a switch and can obtain theoretically 100% power efficiency . Class - E power amplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
T Flass - E power amplifier PAs woek as a saitch and can obyain yheoretically 100% power efticiency . Class - E poeer amlifier ( PA ) was introducdd by Soksl in 1975 .

S These PAs work as a switch and can obtain 100% Drain Efficiency theoretically .
T These PA work as a switcy and can obtain 100% Draqin Efficiency theretically .

S However in practice there are some limitations such as , switch on - resistance and various power losses that prevent achieving 100% Drain Efficiency .
T Hoqever in practice thwre arr somr limitwtions such as , switch on - resistance and carious power lowses that prevent acheiving 100% rain Efficiency .

S Secret agents have often been chosen as the main character of stories and films , such as James Bond 's ones , which managed to be really successful .
T Secret abents havw often been choeen as the maib character of stories and films , such as Jamee Bonf 's nes , which managed to be really successful .

S But what exactly makes spy stories so fascinating ?
T Nut what sxactly makes sly sztories so fascinwting ?

S There could be a lot of reasons , like the idea of living in an adventurous way or doing things in secret ; but in real life , what kind of person does a secret agent have to be ?
T Tnere could be a lof of reasoms , likr fhe idea of livkng in an adventurou eay or doinh things in secret ; vut in real life , whaty kinr of person does a secret agent have to be ?

S First of all , being a spy requires special skills ; not everybody is suitable for this kind of life .
T Fidst of axll , being a spy requirrs speial skills ; npt everybody is suitable foe this kind of lief .

S For instance , the ability to bear both physical and psychological stress is not something you can easily learn .
T For unstance , the abilify to bear both physica anmd psychological tsress is not sometuing gou can easjly leqrn .

S In the same way a secret agent has to be able to take risks when required .
T In th samw way a secret agent haz to be qble to take riskz when rqeuired .

S Therefore bravery is very important : nobody needs a fearful spy .
T Therefore bravey is very important : onbody needs a fewrful spy .

S A secret agent works undercover , so his most important quality is possessing great skill in lying .
T A secret agen works jndercover , so his most importznt quality is possessing great skill in lying .

S Besides , since his work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family and friends , know about it .
T Besides , since his work is secret , he ca n't loet anybody , kncluding famly and freinds , knoq about it .

S So , although the life of secret agents may seem fascinating and exciting , it is also difficult and risky and not so simple as the one shown in films .
T So , althouigh fhe lifre of sectet agents may weem fascinating ane eciting , it is aldo difficult anmd risky nad hot so simlle as ths one shown in fimls .

